3198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Mr .WILSON, of Massachusetts. Byan-amend-
atory act to the act of 1795, approved July 29,
1861, the fourth section of the act of 1795, to which
reference is made in the first section of this bill,
was repealed, and therefore I move to strike out
the last sentence of thefirst section,in these wards:
; So much of the fourth section of the act to which this is
an amendment as conflicts with this act, and all acts and
paits of acts conflicting with this act, are hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In order to
reach that point, it will also be necessary to amend
the title of the bill by adding the words,44 and the
act amendatory thereof, approved July 29,1861."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment to the
bill to add the following as additional sections:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be mo exemp-
tion from the performance of militaiy duty under this or
under any of the mthtia laws of the United States on ac-
count of color or lineage j hut whenever the militia shall
be called into service, all loyal able-bodied male poisons
between the ages now fixed by the laws of the United States
shall be called to the defense of the countiy.
Jitul be it further enacted, That when the militia shall be
called into the service of the United States, under tins or
any other law of the United Suite-., tin* President of the
United States shall have full power and authority to organ-
ize them into battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions,
according to their race or color, as ho shall believe that the
public interests may require.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisftns of the two
prcccding sections &hall be construed so as to apply to and
Include volunteers who may horeatter bo called into the
service of the Untied States, and nil persons who have been
or who may be hereafter enrolled in the service of the United
States as volunteer**, or as militia, Khali receive the pay and
rations of soldiers as now allowed by law according to their
respective grades.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
on llieadoption ofthe amendmentproposed by the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that amendment I ask
for the yeas mid nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If anything has contrib-
uted more than another to the disasters which
have followed the Federal arras, it has been, in
my judgment, the persislentattemptto bring about
the state of affairs contemplated by this amend-
ment. It would have been utterly impossible,
had this war been really prosecuted for the main-
tenance of the Constitution na our fathers made
it, and the restoration of the Union as it was, for
the people of this country ever to allow this Union
to be dissolved. The patrioticspirits ofthe North
and the South would have risen up, ami said that
the Federal Union should be preserved, and the
Federal Constitution maintained. But no sooner
are we engaged in civil war, notwithstanding the
Administration and Congress announced that the
object should be simply for the preservation ofthe
Constitution and the li'stoiation of the Union,
than an attempt is made on every occasion to
change tile character of this war, and to elevate
the miserable nigger, not only to political rights,
but to put him in your Army, and to put him in
your Navy; and while this policy is pursued, the
Union never will bo restored, because you can
have no Union without the preservation of the
Constitution.
But, sir, 1 will not detain the Senate with any
remarks. I have said enough on this subject in
the present Congress. 1 have a right, however,
as a representative of a State which I expect al-
ways to remain in this Union, to si-e the Consti-
tution of my country preserved, and the Union,
if possible, restored, and to see that this attempt
which is so persistently made for the elevation of
the negro io the level of the while man on all oc?
casions shall not be accomplished, at least so far
us my vote can tend to any such result.
Mr. CARL1LE. 1 desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Iowa if negroes constitute a part of the
militia of his State. I know they do not consti-
tute a part of the militia of tlx; State in which I
live; ami I am not aware that they constitute a
aitofthe militia of anyStateiu this Union. The
'resident has the power to call out the militia of
the States to suppress insurrection; and he is made
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States, and of the tmlitiaof the several
States when called into the actual service of the
United States. As I caught the rending of the
amendment, it provides for enrolling us a part of
the militia the negroes of the country. Now, sir,
who constitute the militia is settled by the laws'of
the several States; and I hold that the Congress 6f
the United States has no power to determine who
shall compose the militia of a State in this Union.
That isasubjectof State regulation-, and the power
of the Commander-in-Chief, the President of the
United States, does not extend, under the Consti-
tution, beyond the calling out of the militia of the
several States, and the States themselves determ-
ine who shall compose that militia. I am not
aware of any State of the Union—and I put the
inquiry to the Senator from Iowa for the purpose
of information—where the negro constitutes a part
of the militia of that State; and if he does not by
virtue ofthe State laws, the Congress of the United
States surely has no power under the Constitution
to determine who shall compose the militia of a
State in the Union. I differ with the Senator from
Delaware. I do not think it is an effort to elevate
the negro to an equality with the white man; but
the effect of such legislation will be to degrade the
white man to the level of the negro.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I accept that suggestion.
Mr. KING. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Iowa a modification of his amendment. 1
will ask him to take the three sections which I will
send to the Chair, and ask to have read, or I will
move that the first two sections of the amendment
offered by him be stricken out, and-Hhese three
sections be-substituted in their place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa by inserting, instead of
the first two sections, the following 
Mr. KING. I will ask the Senator from Iowa
to accept it.
Mr. GRIMES,
power.
Mr. KING.
I accept it, if it is within my
I will ask the Senator from Iowa
to accept these propositions instead of the amend-
ment as he offered it, if there is no objection to it
in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read first.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
to add the following as new sections:
A)\d be it further enacted. That the Piesident be, and he
is hereby, authorized to ler'elvo into the service ofthe Uni-
ted State*, for the purpoxj of constructing mtrenchmcnts,
or performing camp service, or any other labor, or any war
service lor which they may be found competent, persons
of African descent, and such persons shall be enrolled and
organized under such regulations, not inconsistent with the
Constitution and laws, as the President may prescribe, and
they shall be fed and paid such compensation for their ser-
vices «s they may ugroe to receive when entailed.
Jlnd be itjurther enuttcd, That when any man or boy of
African descent shall tender any ouch mm vice as id pro-
vided for tn the first section of tin's act, he, Ins mother, and
his wife an t children shull forever thereafter bo liee, any
law, linage, or cu toiu whatsoever to the contrary notwith-
standing.
shul fie it farther enacted, That §10.000,000 he, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropuated to cairy the provisions of this
act into elfect.
Mr. GRIMES. I accpptas a part of the prop-
osition I offered thefirst twosections ofthe amend-
ment of the Senator from New York in lieu of
those 1 offered.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator will accept the
first two. The vote may be taken separately, if
it is desired.
Mr. GRIMES. I do accept them if I have the
power to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be done
by unanimous consent. Is there any objection ?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 wish to know what, is
the question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York proposes to strike out the first
two sections ofthe amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, and insert what has just been read. The
Senator from Iowa accepts the amendment as u
part of his amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. Let the amendment be read
as it now stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as modified by the Senator from Iowa with
the assent of the Senate, will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as modified,
to add the following as additional sections:
Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the President be, and he
is hereby, authorized to receive into the seivice ofthe Uni-
ted States, lor the purpose of constructing Entrenchments
or performing camp service, or any other labor, or any war
service for which they maybe found competent, persons
oi Afiican descent; and such peisons.shall be enrolled and
organized under such icgulations, not inconsistent with the
Constitution and laws, as the President may prescribe, and
they shall be fed and paid such compensation for their ser-
vices as they may agree to receive when enrolled.
And be it further enacted, That when any mjn or boy of
African descent shall render any such service as is provided
for in the preceding section of this act, he, his mother, and
his wife and children shall forever thereafter be free, any
law, usage, or custom whatsoever to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of the pre-
ceding sections shall be construed so as to apply to and
include persons of African descent who may hereafter be
called into "the service of the United States; and all persons
who have been or who maybe hereafter enrolled in the ser-
vice of the United States as volunteers or as militia shall
receive the pay and rations of soldiers as now allowed by
law according to their respective grades.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The propositions hereto-
fore made, I believe, have generally been to au-
thorize the President of the United States to call
into the service free negroes. This is a wholesale
scheme of emancipation. Under this proposition,
tho President of the United States can go into the
S$tate of Maryland or any other State and call into
service every slave, every man and every boy, and
your act declares that, if the President chooses to
do that, these persons and every one dependent
upon them shall thereupon be free. The Consti-
tution declares that if a slave runs away from his
master, you shall deliver him up to his master on
proof that lie owes service or labor; but, in the
face of that provision of the Constitution, you pro-
pose to pass an act to allow the President of the
United States to declare every negro slave in the
whole of the United States free, first having called
him into the military service of the eountry. "The
work goes bravely on," sir. Here is the most mag-
nificent scheme of emancipation yet proposed.
How long will you keep the Army in the field
after adoptingsuch a policy ? Do you believe that
the free white soldiers of this country will fight
side by side with negroes? Do you believe that
free white soldiers, when they see that the Con-
gress and the President of the United States have
no regard for the constitutional rights of the white
citizens of this country, will continue to fight your
battles? You have had enough of disaster already
from the attempt to inaugurate such a policy as this.
Its full inauguration will have one effect at least—
you will have no armies in the field, in my judg-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. This proposition is one of
the most important that has been presented to
Congress, and the times are meet for its consider-
ation. The question must be decided whether the
negro population of the United States shall be em-
ployed only to aid the rebels. Hitherto they have
been the mainstay of this rebellion. Their labor
has furnished food; they have built intrenchments;
they have relieved the rebel soldiers of the burden-
some duties of the camp, a#nd have left their mas-
ters free to perform simple military duty. Now,
the question arises whether the people of the Uni-
ted States, struggling for national existence, should
not employ these blacks for the maintenance ot
the Government. It is a question whether the reb-
els alone shall have the benefit of slavery, without
feeling its weakness, or whether the United States
shall employ the labor of a race of men whose
interests, whose sympathies, whose whole hearts
are with the loyal people of the United States in
suppressing this rebellion.
I, perhaps, have been as indisposed to avail my-
self of the labor of slaves, or to interfere with sla-
very, as any other Senator; but the hmc has arrived
when, in my judgment, the military authorities
should be compelled to use all the physical force
of this country to put down the rebellion. The
policy heretofore pursued by the officers of the
United States has been to repel this class of people
from our lines, to refuse their services. They
would have made the best spies, and yet they have
been driven from our lines. Thev would have re-
lieved our soldiers from many a foard task, many
an irksome tluty; but instead of that our soldiers
have been required to guard the property of the
owners of those slaves. The slaves have been em-
ployed to uphold the rebellion, and our soldiers
have been put as guards around the houses ot
rebels while the rebels have thus been engaged in
war against the Government. Cases have occurred
where our men have been shot down while they
were guarding the property of rebels. This must
no longer be.
Gentlemen from the slave States ought not to
feel so sensitive about this matter We have come
to that condition when we must employ these ne-
groes, not probably as soldiers, but as laborers,
