1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Kentucky that the word "principal" is
manifestly unnecessary.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well. Let the Clerk
strike out the word "principal" before the word
" collector" in the amendment.
Mr. HARRISON. The object of this section
is manifestly to guard against the inconvenience
which would result when a collector may die, or
resign, or be removed, at a period of timem which
he is discharging his duties, and to require that the
duties which he ceases to discharge shall continue
without any interruption. Such being the fact,
if the provision be stricken out and the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Mallory] inserted, neither of the deputy
collectors could continue in the discharge of the
duties of the collector until this bond is given.
To whom is that bond to be given? It must be
approved by the authorities at Washington. Sup-
pose a collector in the State of California dies.
Before his successor can give a bond, and before
that bond can be approved by the proper authori-
ties, unless some special provision be made on
the subject, it will be impossible to make the col-
lections within the time prescribed by other sec-
tions of the bill. Now, I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Kentucky, and to my colleague,
[Mr. Pendleton,] who make the objections to
this provision, that the collector can provide
against the liability of his estate, by inserting in
the bonds whicii he requires from liis deputies a
provision that will protect his estate from that
contingent liability.
Mr. Pendleton's amendment, as modified,
was not agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend,
by adding to the section the following words:
And any bond or secuiitv taken of such deputy, by said
colleeior puitu.uil to the fifth section ot this act, shall lie
available to hi* heirs or repiesnitative^ to indemnity them
from loss or damage, accruing front any aet of such deputy
so succeeding to the duties ot said collector.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have no objection to the
proposed amendment, but I submit whether there
is any necessity for it. Is it not a consequence of
law ?
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understood the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] to be that the estate of the deceased
collector should be held lcsponsible for the acts
of ilia deputy, during the tune the latter may tem-
porarily hold the oflicr of collector. Am I right?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDWARDS. Well, it will be seen that
that is very imperfect security to the United States.
The collector may be possessed of no estate at
all, and the bill does not. provide that the securities
of the collector shall be responsible as on the ori-
ginal bond.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire move an amendment?
Mr. EDWARDS, I do. I move to add after
the word " estate*' the words "and his sureties;"
so that it will read:
That in ease of the death, resignation, or removal of the
collector, a deputy {.hall be appointed, for whose conduct
the estate of the collector and his sureties shall be respons-
ible to the United States.
As the committee has taken this course in the
matter, the section should be made perfect. The
objection (hat has been made to it lias been met
by a suggestion that the collector can secure him-
self from the effect of (he provision by the terms
of the original bond which ho takes ft oin the dep-
uty collector. That seems to be the position in
which the committee has chosen to place the mat-
ter. If it is to rest there, there should be full in-
demnity to the United States; and the adoption of
my amendment is necessarily to provide that.
Mr. POMEROY. That cannot be done. A
surety is only liable to the extent expressed in the
provisions of the bond.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move to amend
the amendment, by striking out the words ami
sureties," and inserting the words " such deputy
collector shall immediately enter into a bond sim-
ilar to the one provided tor by the collector.
IVIr. BINGHAM. I raise the question of order
that that is subs tan tittl ly an amendment which has
been already rejected by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question being on Mr. Edwards's amend-
ment—
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest to the gentleman
from New Hampshire that by the consent of the
committee he withdraw his amendment for the
present. When we come to consider the section
as to the formula to be observed by collectors, this
matter can be attended, to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I agree to that. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend, by
strik ing out the whole of the thirty-second section,
as follows:
Sec. 32. Anil be it further cnaded, That in case a col-
lector shall die, resign, or bo removed, the deputy of such
collector longest in sei vice at the time immediately preced-
ing inav and shall, until a successor shall be appointed, dis-
charge all the duties of said collector, and for whose con-
duct, in ca*>e of the death of the collectoi, bis e&tate s-hall
be responsible to the United State*.
The committee has taken the attitude that the
estate of the principal collector shall be liable for
all the defaults of his successor in office, until a
new principal collector is appointed. This would
leave it in the power of the Government to saddle
on the executors and heirs of the principal col-
lector, for months and years, it may be, the re-
sponsibility for the default of his deputy. My
colleague [Mr. Harrison] asked trie what would
become of this office in the interval between the
time of the death of the principal collector and the
appointment of his successor. That could not be
a great length of time. It might be a week, or it
might be ten days. Ten days would be sufficient
for the appointment of a succcssorand for the ex-
ecution of his bonds; and m that interval no great
harm could happen to the Government. But let
me ask what becomes of all the deputy collectors,
except the man who succeeds to the office, when
the principal dies? By the terms of this bill they
go out of office. The deputy collector who suc-
ceeds the principal has no authority to appoint
other deputies, and he alone must be the collect-
ing officer for the whole district. This is an anom-
aly in legislation. So far as my experience goes
—and I think it would puzzle any man to point to
an example to the contrary—there never has been,
in the history of the country, a proposition by
which a predecessor in office and his estate were
made liable for the defaults of his successor in
office. I therefore move to strike out the whole
section.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Ohio
looks on this as a most extraordinary and unheard
of piovision. I should like to know whether the
gentleman has seriously read—f suppose he has—
or whether he has forgotten the provisions of the
tax law in the last war. If he had read and rec-
ollected it he would have found, instead of this
being an anomaly and an unheard of thing, that
every letter and word and sentence in this section
is also in a bill which has been practiced and
acted upon, and which was carefully drawn up
by the great man who was its author. I do not
like to shelter this committee under any great
names or authority, but as there are so many
evils and blunders discovered in our action,! de-
sire to mention in this one instance that the pro-
vision to which the gentleman from Ohio so seri-
ously objects to has been on our statute-book.?
ever since the last war with Great Biitain. I beg
gentlemen therefore not to give the Committee
of Ways and Means credit for being quite so
blundering as the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio would seem to imply.
Now, sir, this provision may not be perfect
We do not claim that it is; but still I think it was
unnecessary to declare that it was an unheard of
anomaly m legislation. It may have been, so far
as a portion of the members of the House are
concerned, an unread of anomaly, but not un-
heard of. i think if gentlemen would read that
law through before they undertake to criticise the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means,
they would ascertain whether we are right or
wrong. At that time the provision was not nearly
so necessary as it is now. Then wc were bounded
by the Rocky mountains 111 the west. Now wc
extend tu the Pacific occan, and if the work is to
be suspended in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory, in case of the death of a collector until we
can hear fi om there and make a new appointment,
1 am afuud it will be a long tune befoie the taxes
will be collected.
Now, in order to avoid any difficulty thatcould
possibly occur, as suggested by the gentleman
from Ohio, let the collector when he is appointed,
take care to appoint as his first deputy a man who
is fit to be his successor, and for whose conduct
he can safely be responsible. He is only le-
sponsible to the Government, or so intended to
be by this bill as we reported it, and his deputies
are responsible to him and nobody else. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, and I will state the nature of it in the course
of my remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the rule requires the gentleman first to state his
amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Befoie the gentle-
man submits his amendment I desire to amend
the clause which has already been added to the
section, so as to make it read, after the words
" accruing from any act," as follows:
Of the proper deputy so continuing or so succeeding to
the duty of the collector.
Mr. SARGENT. I will incorporate that into
the amendment which I shall propose in the na-
ture of a substitute for the section. I move to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the sec-
tion, and to insert the following:
That in case a collector shall die,resign, or be removed,
the deputies of such collector shall continue to act until
their successor are appointed, and the deputy of such col-
lector longest in service at the lime immediately preceding,
may and sduilh until a sjUcousmm bhall be appointed, dis-
charge all the duties of said collector, and foi the official
conduct of such deputies in ca^e of tiic death of the col-
lector the estate ot *ucb deceased collector shall be respons-
ible to the United States; and of two or moie deputy col-
lector appointed on the same day, the one residing nearest
the residence of the collector at the time of his death, res-
ignanon, oi icmoval. shall in like manner discharge the said
dutie« until the appointment of a succe-^or; and any bond
oi security taken of such deputy by such collector puisuant
to the fifth section of tins aet,shall be available to hi* hens
oi iepies>cntatives to indemnify them loi loss> 01 damage
acciuin? from any act ot the proper deputy so continuing
or t>o succeeding to the duties of such collector.
It has been suggested with much force by the
gentleman from Ohio that the deputies will go out
of office by the death of the collector who appoints
them.
Mr. BINGHAM. Under common law.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; they are the agents
of the collector, and it is a principle of law with
which every gentleman of the House is familiar,
that when the principal dies the power of the agent
dies with him. This section, therefore, as it stands
in the bill, while it would continue one of the dep-
uties m office, in case of the death of the collector,
and promote him to the office of principal, would
have theeffect, virtually,of discharging from office
all the other collectors. In order to remedy this
state of things, I propose, in the amendment I have
offered, to authorize the several deputies, in case of
the death of the collector, to go on in the discharge
of their duties as if he were alive.
Mr. STEVENS. I sec that good may result
from the amendment if the gentleman will make
it read that they "shall continue in office.if
Mr. SARGENT. "Continue to act" is the
phrase I have employed.
Mr. STEVENS. Until they shall be removed
by a new collector?
'Mr. SARGENT. Until their successors are
appointed. I move this amendment especially m
view of the disposition which seems to prevail to
make the estate of the collectors responsible for
the acts of the deputies.
Mr. MENZIES. I only desire to say that I
oppose the original amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky propose an amendment?
Mr. MENZIES. Yes, sir; I move to amend
the amendment by striking out its last word. I
move the amendment simply to enable me to say
that I think it will be as well to allow the section
to stand as reported by the committee. There
is very little likelihood of any such difficulty as
has been suggested happening in consequence of
the death of a collector. Very few will ever die
who are getting such a compensation as those col-
lectors are to receive. I do not think anybody
ever knew a man to die under such circumstances.
[Laughter.]
A Member. Or resign.
Mr. MENZIES. Or resign, either. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to amend the section
