256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
States and of the people, of what their agents are
doing, and of how they discharge their trusts?
Is it unimportant to the public interests, or not
necessary for the maintenance, pure and incor-
rupt, of our institutions as they now exist, that
the accountability of the legislative department
to the States and the people should be preserved ?
Is it not the more important and the more essen-
tial, inasmuch as it is the business and duty of
the legislative to enforce responsibility upon the
executive, and thus to stand as the sentinel or
custodian of State and popular rights? But quis
custodiut custodes ipsos, if there shall be no com-
munication between Congress and the people and
States? And if there be communication through
the instrumentality of the Post Office Department
—a part and parcel of Government machinery—
why shall the legislative any more than the exec-
utive public servant be required to pay the ex-
pense out of his own private fortune? The very
basis of our Government is the responsibility of
Representatives to their constituents; and free and
frequent communication between the two is es-
sential to the enforcement of this responsibility.
It is not enough that they may communicate mu-
tually through the newspaper press. The States
and people have a right to send and receive di-
rectly to and from their Representatives, and to
learn in an authentic and official form what has
been said and done by these public servants. Your
committee will not press the importance of this
consideration further; it is too obvious.
If it be urged that the right to frank extends
also to merely private communications between
individuals, your committee answer that this is
at most an abuse, and a small one, which, if need
be, it is easy to cut off. But according to the
individual experience and observation of the mem-
bers of your committee, the number of strictly
private business or social letteis passing free
through the mails is very small. Letteisorcom-
munications relating m any way to political affairs
between Representative and constituent your com-
mittee do not deem mere private letteis. In their
judgment it is not necessary that the communi-
cation should relate solely to business formally
before Congress in order to entitle it to the des-
ignation of a public or official letter. If a Repre-
sentative has the right to print and address a
communication directed to the whole body of his
constituents relating to geneial politics and public
affairs, or solely to the local politics of his own
district, why may he not uddiess the same in
manuscript to any one of his constituents ?
But if franking be really a mere privilege and
not a right of the people and a duty of the Repre-
sentative, then your committee demand to know
•why it shall be conceded in a republican Govern-
ment to the executive department alone and de-
nied to the legislature ? Is there anything in the
natui e of the Govei nment, of the offices, or of the
communications, that .special privileges should be
conferred upon the former,and not,also,orrather,
indeed, upon the latter?
Loud complaint is made that the Treasury is
impoverished by reason of the vast numbers of
very costly books and public documents which,
it is alleged, would not be printed but for the
" franking onvilege." Your committee answer
that no book or document is printed except by
geneial or special order of Congress, or of the
Senate or House; and that it is only necessary to
refuse to direct the piinting of documents and
none will be transmitted by mail, and thus the ex-
pense both of pi in ting and transportation be saved.
But what are these books and documents thus
summarily condemned ? They ore the records of
Government in its various Departments; the re-
ports of its general or special agents appointed
by law. They are the official archives of State,
the originals of winch arc accessible to those only,
few in number, who may chance to visit the Fed-
eral capital,and which ought to be punted; which
the people have a right to see, and to have dis-
tributed at public expense cither through the mails
or by express. _ Certainly the printing of books,
not coming strictly within the class above de-
scribed, has been of late years earned to an excess
winch demands lebuke and retrenchment. But
]- t Congress apply the corrective duectly, by re-
fusing to print, and not circujtously by abolish-
ing the right to transmit free through the mail.
it is complained, also, as if it were a monstrous
abuse, that immense quantities of speeches and
pamphlets are franked fromthe Capitol,especially
during a presidential canvass; and tables have
been prepared to show that they number millions.
Your committee would have millions more, in the
same manner, sent out. Every one of them re-
lates to the politics of the country. Every one of
them finds its way into the hands of some one or
more of the people—of the constituent body to
whom this House and every other department of
the Government is responsible. They afford pub-
lic instruction and mold public sentiment. They
are printed at the private cost of the members of
the Senate or House—a heavy tax and a heavy
burden in itself—and it is fit that, meant for the
people, they should at least be circulated through
the people's mails and at the people's expense.
There is no " privilege'' m all this to the mem-
ber; it is his duty and burden, and the privilege
of the constituent.
The free exchange of newspapers is, perhaps,
an anomaly in the post office system, and includes,
no doubt, a greater amount of matter than any
other passing free through the mails. Yet your
committee justify it upon the ground of long and
uniform usage—more than a hundred years in du-
ration—and for strong reasons of public policy.
It would be not difficult to demonstrate that to cut
off free exchanges would go far to breakdown the
whole newspaper press of the country, except a
few of the leading journals in the larger cities, and
thus to concentrate in these journals all that tre-
mendous power which belongs to this " fourth
estate" of Government. Cities would become still
more the seats of political power ; thither alone
would ambitious eyes be directed, and public ser-
vants would be compelled to look forresponsibil-
ity no longer to theirown immediate constituents,
but to the conductors of a powerful metropolitan
press, which already exerts a controlling, though
not always wholesome, influence over public sen-
timent throughout the Union. It is the great
problem in a jepubhean government how to de-
centralize power, whose natural tendency is to
gravitate towardsa common confer. Wide extent
of country, separate State governments, conflict-
ing interests, local jealousy, pride, and ambition,
but, above all, the electric telegraph, have pre-
vented or arrested hitherto in the United States
that evil which, for the most part, is suppressed
in Europe by a denial of liberty to the press. Still
the great journals of our larger cities need no aid
from Government. Rejoicing in abundant cap-
ital, full of enteipiise, commanding a high order
of talent of every sort, laying every ait, every
science, and the whole circle of literature under
contribution, and constituting thus a controlling,
and certainly a most wonderful element of mod-
ern civilization, they are able to stand alone, and
Government, indeed, itself is glad sometimes to
look to them for support. Your committee would
withdraw no privilege, therefore, from the coun-
try press—an institution so essential to that equal-
ity which is the corner-stone of every truly dem-
ocratic State.
For the same reasons also youi committee pro-
pose to continue to the publishers of weekly news-
papej s the privilege of transmitting to subscribers
one copy free of postage within the county of
publication.
So far your committee have discussed this ques-
tion upon principle. We propose, now, buefly
to meet and reply to some considerations urged
in behalf of the measure on the score of policy.
The clamor just now in favor of tins alleged re-
form , so far as it is disinterested, is founded mainly
upon the very great increase of late years in the
expenditures of the Post Office Depaitmont. To
this your committee answer, that a large part of
this increase accrues because of the extension of
mail facilities by overland and water to the Pacific
coast, and that the free mail matter transported
over these routes bears as to the cost but an in-
significant proportion to the whole. The evil lies
not there. jN'o; the last annual report of the Post-
master General discloses the secret of this inordi-
nate increase. The six different routes to and from
the Pacific cost the Government ^2,69^,31)4 13,
bemg an expenditure of ^4 14 to each inhabitant
of that section of the Union. six h and ltd thousand
m number, while the cost east of the Rockv
mountains for thirty millions of people is less than
forty-onecentstoeachperson. The annual receipts
from these six routes are $330,747 66, showing an
excess of expenditures of $1,844,949 66 per an-
num. One route alone costs §600,000, and yields
as revenue the exact sum of $27,229 94. Here,
then, is ample room for reform. Will not the
u non^franking patriots" of the Senate and House
see to it?
Your committee would not, indeed,di'minishby
one jot the necessary and reasonable mail facili-
ties of that vast and opulent portion of our confed-
eracy, which, lying at so great a distance from
the center, and separated by vast deserts and high
mountains, bears yet its full proportion of the
buidens of Government without a just measure
of its benefits. But a provident and economical
adjustment and equalization of these facilities is
neither denial nor injustice to the people of the
Pacific coast.
Another and yet more important cause of this
vast increase in the expenditures of the Post Office
Department is the great reduction, of late years,
in the rates of postage. However unwise this too
close imitation of the British postal leform may
at first have been, your committee are opposed to
any return to the higher rates, at least till the ex-
periment of cheap postage shall have been more
fully and fairly tried, the Governmentitselfmean-
time paying its just proportion out of the common
Treasury for the transportation of its own mail
matter free.
It is said that the abolition of franks will cut off
millions by retrenching the amount of public
printing. Your committee have already replied
that not a dollar is expended for printing except
by act or resolution of one or both Houses of
Congress. Let us lay the ax, then, at the root of
the evil. But are these books and public docu-
ments printed in excess solely because they may
be transmitted free? or, rather, is it not that the
public Printer may be enriched, or reimbursed, at
least, what it has cost him to secure his election?
If so, the abolition of franks will in nowise tend
to arrest the evil.
But it is urged that the mails are loaded down
by the weight—multorum camelomm onus— of
books and public documents, and that thus the
cost of mail transportation is greatly enhanced.
Now, by far the greater part of free matter is car-
ried upon railroads or in steamboats; and what
contractor, we ask, will carry for one dollar a
inile less because of the abolition of franks ? The
Department furnishes, and must furnish, the route
agents, while the contractors provide, and must
provide, the mail cars or apartments, whether
theie be free mail matter or not; and of what mo-
ment is it, in this regard, to either contractor or
Department, whether there be one bag to trans-
port or twenty ?
Again, it is said, and Postmasters General have
repeated it till it has become a sort of caimen
necessarium to officials, that this great reform is to
gain millions to the Department. There is no
leason," so it is written down m the late annual
report, " why the Post Office Departmen t, through
us contractors, should perform this service gra-
tuitously fox the. Government than there is that the
steamboats and railroad companies of the country
should transport its troops, munitions of war,
and stoics without compensation. " When, your
committee beg to know, did the Post Office De-
partment become a separate government? When
did it '' secede?" Hitherto it has been a popular
delusion that the General Post Oilicc was but a
branch or department of the Government—a part
of the machinery by which its constitutional
powers and functions weie to be executed. It has
been supposed the creature of Congress and under
their control; and, further, that if Congress should
command it to transport certain matter free of
postage, it was its duty, as a branch of the exec-
utive, to "fauhfully execute" such command,
even "gratuitously;" leaving it to Congress to
supply the means, in such manner as they might
see fit. Steamboat and railroad companies being
made up of private individuals, may, constitu-
tionally, refuse to do that sort of service for the
! Government without "just compensation;" but
| your committee cannot concede any such piivi-
I l^ge to a mere cieafure of Congress—a subordi-
I nate Department of the Government.
| But $1,800,000 is to be saved in postages to the
: Government. Plow saved? If that vast amount
of mail matter, now free, which so greatly en-
hances, as is said, the cost of transportation, is
to be cut off by the abolition of franks, whence is
to come the alleged increase of postage by reason
