THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 18G9.
New Series No. 17.
of this same matter no longer transported? If
books and public documents are no more to be
printed, they cannot be transmitted through the
mails; and if not transmitted, they cannot be
charged with postage. There must be a loss some-
where. But assume that this class of mail matter
is still to be transported, or that upon another class,
now free, $1,800,000 is to be gained in postages,
who is to pay this increased amount? If out of
the Treasury, Government saves nothing; if those
only who receive, the people, pay, then it is but
another form oftaxation or burden, and far cheaper
and better every way would it be that they should
pay to private express companies or other com-
mon carriers. If those who send, the publicser-
vaiits, are to pay these $1,800,000 into the Treas-
ury, no office in the gift of Government—none
requiring correspondence—is worth asingle year's
purchase. If the abolition be confined to con-
gressional franks alone, and that sum is, in this
way, to be paid into the Treasury, the average
amount to each Senator, Representative,and Dele-
gate will equal $5,844 15—nearly twice the com-
pensation now allowed to them bylaw. Divide the
burden between those who send and those who
receive, and there still remains to each member of
Congress nearly $2,500 as his proportion of the
tax.
Finally.it is urged that the system of franking
is full of abuses. Your committee deny, as to
much that is denounced as an abuse, that it de-
serves the condemnation. As to the rest, it springs
from either a defect in the law or a wanton viola-
tion of it. If a member of Congress frank a letter
not written by himself, or strictly by his order,
above all, if he frank envelopes, or packages of
envelopes, in blank, to be used by those not enti-
tled to the privilege, he breaks the law, and dis-
honors his office. If he undertake to frank that
which is not mailable matter, or evasively to ex-
ceed the limit of two ounces, or mark that as a
" public document " which is not, he is, in like
manner, guilty of an offense against both law and
good morals. It is an act of unveracity which no
gentleman, upon reflection, will commit. Yet,
strange to say, there are no adequate penalties
for any of these offenses. Here, then, let the
"amending" hand be applied.
Pranking by deputy, though, in the judgment
of your committee, clearly legal, is a prolific
source of abuse. Several times the Post Office
Department, assuming it to be contrary* to law,
has attempted to arrest it; yet so heavy is the bur-
den of personal franking, especially of speeches
and public documents, that the Department has
never long persisted in its efforts. And your com-
mittee are satisfied that a desire on the part of
members to evade this burden, or otherwise the
heavy tax for the hire of clerks, is the cause of
some part, at least, of the opposition to the frank-
ing privilege.
To correct abuses, and at the same time to re-
lieve members of Congress in this regard, your
committee report a plan which they believe to be
efficient, and at the same time secured from abuse,
and which they trust may be approved by the
House. This plan, along with a few other slight
amendments or modifications of existing laws,
not enlarging but rather restricting the franking
piivilege, they propose as a substitute for the Sen-
ate bill referred to them, and accordingly report
the accompanying bill as a digest or code of reg-
ulationsforthe transmission offree matter through
the mails of the United States.
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not propose to trouble
the House with any discussion upon the question
of the expediency of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege. That matter has been fully discussed at
various sessions, and undoubtedly has been very
thoroughly considered by the entire House at this
session, as well as on former occasions. But, sir,
believing that there is a stronger disposition at
this time, on the part of the House, to ahojish to
a great extent, if not entirely, the franking priv-
ilege than there has been at any other time when
the .subject has been up for consideration, I think
it is desirable that an y bill that is likely to receive
17
the support of this House shall be made as perfect
and as unobjectionable as possible at the outset;
and as a substitute has been offered for the bill
reported by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, I propose now simply to propose
some amendments to the original bill, which I
suppose to be in order before action is had upon
the substitute. Am I right in that, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman will send his
amendments to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. EDWARDS. The firstamendmentis very
brief. I move to strike out the word " April "in
the second line of the first section of the bill, and
to insert in lieu thereof, "July." I offer that
amendment in order to enable the members of the
House actingunder the existing law to make some
sort of preparation for the operation of this bill;
and in order to prepare the way for the operation
of a clause in the third section of the bill, which I
think is worthy of the support of the House and
of boing retained, although it may be objected to
by others. I trust there will be no objection to
this amendment, and I shall, when the opportu-
nity occurs, offer two or three other amendments.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is the original bill open to
amendment?
TheTSPEAKER. There can be an amendment
offered to the amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is it in order, as
an amendment to the amendment, to move to sub-
stitute July for April, and to strike out all after
the first section?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman from New
York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state that the bill, as
originally drawn by myself, fixed the time now
proposed by the gentleman from New Hampshire
—the lstof July. Thatbein^ the commencement
of the fiscal year, and this being a radical change,
I thought it would be wise for the whole country
to understand it thoroughly before it went into
operation. I thought it better that it should not
go into operation during a session of Congress,
but during a recess. But on discussion before
the committee the time was changed to the 1st of
April. My own opinion is still the same as it was
at first. 1 think the Jst of July is the best time
to fix. It occurs when Congress will probably
not be in session. A radical change, therefore,
will not occur in the midst of a session. I think
the 1st of July is the most appropriate time to be
fixed; and I suggest to the gentleman from New
York to have a vote of the House on the amend-
ment now, and then the bill will be clear for other
amendments, which he and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] desire to offer.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will be very
glad to have a vote on the amendment now, if I
can then have the floor.
TheSPEAKER. TheChairwouldsuggestthat
the previous question can be called on a single
amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to remind the Speaker
that I mentioned I had two or three other amend-
ments to offer, which I propose to do in their
proper order.
The SPEAKE R. If the gentleman from New
Hampshire gets the floor for the purpose, and if
the amendments be in order, the Chair will receive
them.
Mr. COLFAX. I move the previous question
on the pending amendment offered by the gentle-
man from New Hampshire.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
Mr. Edwards's amendment was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he had ap-
proved and signed an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the year
ending 30th June, 1863."
FRANKING PRIVILEGE AGAIN. >
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move, as. an
amendment to the bill, to strike out all after the
fifth line, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enactedy That all persons now
entitled to the franking privilege are hereby authorized to
send all mailable matter through the mails without prepay-
ment of postage, the same having the name of the person
sending it written or stamped thereon; and upon all such
mailable matter the postage shall be collected from the
recipient.
Sec. 3 A nd he it further enacted, That the postage on
such mailable matter shall beat the rates now fixed by law,
except that speeches and seeds, stamped as such, may he
sent in envelopes, sis now, at the rate of one cent, if not
exceeding two ounces in weight, and one cent for every
additional two ounces or fraction thereof; and public doc-
uments, printed by the order of Congress and stamped as
such, at two cents per pound, or fraction of a pound. For
any distance exceeding two thousand miles, double tliese
rates shall be charged and collected on printed matter thus
sent. Public documents, during the recess, may be sent
fVom Washington to each member of Congress at his resi-
dence, for distribution, without payment of postuge; but
when mailed by him, postage shall be collected on them
from tiio recipients, at the same rates as if mailed at Wash,
ington city.
Sec. 4, Jlnd be it further enacted, That al! laws conflict-
ing with these provisions are repealed, so far as they con-
flict with this law.
Mr. Speaker, whether the franking privilege
shall be abolished or preserved, is a question
respecting which a good deal can fitly be said on
both sides. It has been, on the one side, very ably
and exhaustively discussed in the report just read
to the House by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vallandigham,] and those who were here at the
last Congress heard it discussed on the same side,
with perhaps equal ability, by a gentleman of great
learning, who represented,at that time, a district
of the Slate of Virginia. I mean General Millson.
On the other side of the question are to be urged
a great many economical considerations which I
do not propose to enter upon, and there is to be
urged the fact that the franking privilege, as it is
miscalled, is the franking curse to members or
the House. Now, sir, I think that fairly and
propeily and simply are presented at this time
the two sides of this question, whether we shall
retain the franking privilege as it is, or substan-
tially as it is, with such perfections and modifi-
cations as can be suggested, or whether we shall
try, as an experiment or as a settled policy, the
opposite idea. If we are to have any radical change
with reference to the franking privilege, I want
to strike at the root of the whole matter; strike at
it, fixing a day sufficiently distant for the change
to take convenient effect—and the House, I think,
has done that already—and thus sweep away the
greatly swollen practice of book-making and doc-
ument publishing which has made not only the
mails and the post offices but the places of busi-
ness of the country plethoric with publications,
only a very small, an infinitely small, proportion
of which have ever been read.
Wow,sir, the bill before usfrom thecommittee,
while it does strike out many of the objectionable
features of the franking privilege, if there be ob-
jectionable features in it, retains many of the most
objectionable and the most inconvenient features
and consequences from which we suffer now.
The second section of the bill imposes on each
member of Congress an exceedingly disagreeable
and objectionable necessity—the necessity of dis-
criminating, where discrimination is hardly to be
made, in reference to the payment of postage. I
know that a great many constituents wri te to mem-
bers of Congress about a mouse-trap, or a gate-
hinge, or a land warrant, or some other thing per-
taining either to the Patent or the Pension Bureaus,
which are strictly letters 011 the private business
of the constituent. I know also that vast num-
bers of letters are written which pertain neither to
the private business of the constituent nor espe-
cially to the business of the Representative, and
I believe they constitute the largest class of cor-
respondence with which we are occupied. Who
wants, for the sake of the postage, to be ever-
lastingly discriminating, with scrupulous nicety,
as to the cases in which he shall sit down ana
transcribe his name on the envelope in order to
say, " I have weighed the question, and have
