1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1279
which the gentleman from California proposes to
strike out by adding at the end of it as follows:
A success-or of the collector who may die, resign, or be
removed, shall be appointed as soon as practicable.
That is to obviate the objection which has been
raised against allowing the section to stand as it is.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the vote is taken on
the amendment of my colleague, I wish to sug-
grst that in the phraseology which he makes use
of, his amendment may give rise to very grave dif-
ficulties. The question may be raised that the
Government did not appoint a successor as soon
as practicable, and the Government in consequence
may lose a large amount of revenue. I will sug-
gest to my colleague that it would be well to with-
draw his amendment.
Mr. HARRISON. I will withdraw it.
Mi*. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
the section by striking out the second line. I do
it for the purpose of asking the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in which one of
the sections of the act levying a direct tax, passed
during the last war with England, the clause to
which he has made lefercncc occurs?
Mr. STEVENS. I will take pains to hunt it
up and sf-'iid it to the gentleman.
Mr VALLANDIGHAM. I have taken pains
to hunt up those acts, and I do not think the gen-
tleman will find any such clause as he refers to in
any section.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has read the
law through very quick to ascertain that fact.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have the law before me,
and I shall be very happy to send it to the gentle-
man if he will point out the section.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is easy to an-
swer an objection bv sarcasm; but when the gen-
tleman states what purpoits to be a fact, I have
the right to know the authority.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. I rise for the purpose of
seeing if I cannot make a suggestion which will
compromise this d ifaculty. I have never seen any
provision of any revenue law of the United States
or of any State that made the estate of a deceased
man responsible for the acts of his deputy or of
his successor after his death. To remedy that
objection to the section, I move to perfect it be-
fore the motion is taken on striking it out, by
striking out the words " and for whose conduct,
in case of the death of the collector, his estate
shall he responsible to the United States," and in-
serting " and the securities of such deputy shall he
responsible to the United States for his conduct;"
so that it will read:
That in case a collector f-ha.ll die, resign, or be lemoved,
the deputy of <-ueh collector longest m vice at the tune
immediately piecedmg, maj «ind bhall, until a Mieie-^or
shall be appotnti'd.disclmii;*' all the duties of said collector,
and the securities of Mich deputy shall be lespon&ible to
the United States lor In* conduct.
I would make the secuiity take chargc of the
office, and be lesponsible for the collections made.
I do not know whether 1 have made myself un-
derstood by the House.
Mr. MENZIES. I wish to ask my colleague
whether the deputies are to have any securities?
Mr. WICIvLlFFE. I understood they are
required to by law.
Mr. MENZIES. Not unless the collector sees
fit to require it of them for his own protection.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Then of course my amend-
ment will not apply.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Tfhe substitute proposed by Mr. Sargent was
adopted.
The question recurred on striking out the sec-
tion, as amended.
The motion to stake out was not agreed to.
The thirty-third section was read, as follows:
Sfc.33. •Smf l e it fmther enacted, That it shall be tiie
duty ol the eoiiectoi-. aloie^aid, or their deputie-, in then
lCbpective districts, and thov <ue Ikm<-1>v tuith'uized. to col-
lect ail the duties ;md taxes imposed by tin- act, however
the same may be designated, and to proM cute tot the le-
covery ol the same, and foi the iccovetv of <iuj Mini oi Minis
winch m ly he toirrited by virtue of this act; find all tines
penalties and toi lei tines winch shall be incut led by mice of
this act,shall and may be sued lor and recovered in the name
ot the United ritatsj-, or ot tin1 eolleetoi oi deputj eolleetoi
within wiio.se distuct any Mich fine, penaitv\or loifcituie
s>hall have been incurred, by bill, pl.itnf, oi inhumation ;
and, wheje not otheiwi- e and dilleu'iitlv pinvid'Hl tuuone
ijxnefy thcieot <h.t!l be to the um; of the United Stares, and
the othei moiety theicof to the use oi the po'son who. if a
collecloi or deputy eolleetoi, -shall fn^t uifoini, oi the cause,
nictuet, oi tlung whereby any such fine, penalty, or forfeit-
ure was incurred.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
Or of the eolleetoi or deputy collcctor within whose dis-
trict any such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall have been
incurred by bill, plaint, or information.
Mr. Chairman, it will be plainly seen what is
purpose of my amendment; it is to have all
of these suits brought in the name of the United
States, and not in the name ofany collector or dep-
uty collector. I know that in the old laws of 1815
and 1816, of which this probably is a transcript,
it was allowed to bring suits in the names of the
collectors and deputy collectors. But that prac-
ticc has now gone out of use, I think, in nearly all
of the States. There is no State in the West
were such is the authority of the law at this.time.
I think that it would bebestto letall these actions
be brought in the name of the Government, rather
than in the name of the collector or the deputy col-
lector. Then the record is definite. You under-
stand for whose use the recovery is made. It seems
to me that, as many of these fines are not less than
$500, this qui tam feature of the bill ought not to
be retained, and 1 have therefore moved to strike
it out. I think there are few States which have
not prohibited it.
Mr. CRAVENS moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration,and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amendments
of the Senate to the Post Office appropriation bill
be taken from the Speaker's table, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
It was so ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. MALLORY, (at
half past four o'clock, p.m.,) the IIousc adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 19, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.Dr.Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SENATE CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Senate, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a detailed state-
ment of the payment from the contingent fund of
the Senate during the year ending December 2,
1861; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be piinted.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILMOT presented a petition of citizens
of Venango, Crawford, and Warren counties,
Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of slavery
throughout the countty, which was ordered to he
on the table.
He also presented a petition of merchants and
other citizens of Philadelphia, praying for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memonal of Presbyterian
ministers of the city of Philadelphia, remonstra-
ting against lowering the pay and rank of chap-
lains in the Aimy; "which was leferred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. IIARLAN presented lesolutions of the
Legislative of Iowa in favor of the appointment
of additional surgeons and nurses for the volun-
teer regiments from that State, and praying per-
mission to provide suitable temporary hospitals
within that State for the restoration of their sick
and wounded soldiers; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the establishment
of a weekly mail route by steamboat fiom Detroit,
Michigan, to Supeuoi, Wisconsin, which was
leferitd to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. _ _
He also presented a petition of citizens of Min-
nesota, prayiiiir for the discontinuance of the man
mutes from St. Paul to Bayfield, and from Sun-
rise to Superior City, and that a mail route be
established from St. f'aul to Bayfield, via Superior
in that State; which Vvas referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
! REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 67) in relation to the claim of Mar-
shall 0. Roberts for the loss of the .steamer Star
of the West, reported it with an amendment.
M r. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred a resolution instructing
them to inquire into the circumstances of the escape
of the steamer Sumter from Port Royal on the
24th of November last, have had the same under
consideration, and instructed me to ask that they
be discharged from the further consideration of
it; and I will state as a reason of that report that
the subject has been investigated by order of the
Secretary of the Navy before a court of inquiry,
and Captain Palmer, the officer, has been honor-
ably acquitted and restored to active duty.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The same committee, who have
had under consideration the resolution of the Sen-
ate instructing the Committee on Naval Affairs to
inquire what action ought to be taken in regard to
John Davis, the sailor who distinguished himself
by protecting the powder with his own body, have
instructed me to report that they be discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution,
for the reason that the Secretary of the Navy has
already taken notice of Mr. Davis, and has pro-
moted him to be a gunner.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
OFFICERS ON THE NAVY RETIRED LIST.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom were referred the memorial of Dominick
Lynch, playing to be restored to the active list of
the Navy; the joint resolution (S. No. 6) to place
the name of Lieutenant Charles Thomas upon the
active service list of the United States Navy; the
joint resolution (S. No. 12) to place the name of
Commander Amasa Paine upon the active list of
the Navy; and the bill (S. No. 88) to restore Lieu-
tenant M. B. Woolsey to the active scrvicelistof
the Navy, have instructed me to report them back
to the Senate, with a resolution that the Naval
Committee be discharged from the consideiation
of these several subjects. I wish to say that there
have been very many of these applications; and
the committee have considered them all, and have
adopted a general resolution applicable to all such
cases, which I am instructed to present to the Sen-
ate. I wish that it may be read; and if there is
no objection to its consideration, I hope it may be
passed at once. By the law as it now exists, the
Secretary of the Navy has authority to take any
officer from the retired list or furlough list and put
linn on the active list. The committee unanimously
came to the conclusion 'that it had better remain
so; and that when a man was put on the active
list in that way, if he vindicated the propriety of
such restoration, it would be time enough to restore
him by law.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Wheieas ceitam officers of the Navy who have been
heictokue placed on the retired h-*t ot the Navy, or put on
fm loujjli by the action of the board to pioinotc the efficiency
ol the Navy, cieated by the act of February 28, 185,% have
had opportunity, l v an act of Congress pas&ed for their re-
lief, to be leinCtau'd : Theretore,
Ilesoh cd by the Senate, That it is inexpedient to restore
any such otfieei to the active list of the Navy until he shall,
b\ the di^eharc*' of duty in battle or otherwise, have indi-
cated the rightfulness and jnopnety of such restoration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If! had heard that read
in the first place, I should have objected. I do
not see the propriety of passing it. Why not leave
that matter altogether to the authorities?
Mr. HALE. They do come here repeatedly;
there are a great many memorials here; and we
simply wanted to indicate what should be the
action of the Senate in such cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that resolution come
from the Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. HALE. Certainly it does; it was agreed
to there unanimously.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is the case, 1 have
nothing to say about it.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How does it apply to
