1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19.
those who have no opportunity to distinguish
themselves.
Mr. HALE. By law the Secretary of the Navy
has the right to place every one of those retired
officers, either in peace or war, in the active dis-
charge of duty ;and the committee thought that the
retired officers should go to the Department, and
the Department might assign them active duty;
and then if they vindicated the propriety of it,
they might be restored. I will further state to the
Senate that in one of these very cases that we
have reported upon, this course was recommended
by the Secretary of the Navy himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How does it apply to
those who are not on active duty at sea, but are
appointed to the command of navy-yards?
Mr. HALE. This says in " battle or other-
wise ." It leaves the widest scope for the discharge
of their duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
from Maine that the Committee on Naval Affairs
are, I will not say annoyed, but much of their
time is occupied by numerous applications from
retired officers who wish to be at once reinstated
in their old rank in the Navy. It is impossible to
examine the individual cases, and it was thought
better to apply a general rule to be perfectly fair
and just to every one. The Secretary of the Navy
has the power to employ them, and has employed
manyof them. By this resolution we declare that
■whenever they distinguish themselves in battle
or otherwise on duty, then we will consider the
propriety of restoring them to the permanent
active list of the Navy. They are now restored,
and have been on duty, many of them, and are
distinguishing themselves; and in cases of that
kind we propose to restore them permanently to
the active list.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the memo-
rial and paper? ot M. B. Woolsey.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
239) to provide for the public defense, and to ac-
cept a loan of money therefor from the several
Statesj which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred fo the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
240) to provide for the public instruction of youth
in primary schools throughout the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, with-
out the limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill andjoint resolution; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 136) to provide for the appoint-
ment of sutlers in the volunteer service, and to
define their duties; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 65) to authorize the
Secretary of War to accept moneys appropriated
by any State for the payment of its volunteers,
and apply the same as directed by such State.
REMISSION OF DUTIES ON ARMS.
Mr. KING asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 69) to authorize the importation of certain
arms by States free of duty; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. KING. 1 ask to have the resolution read
through and put upon its passage, it is merely
a lesolution to authorize the importation, free of
duty, of arms ordered by the States, prior to the
1st of January, for their volunteers and militia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read for information.
The Secretaiy read it, as follows:
Resolved* 4"c., That aims ordeied prior to the 1st day of
Jatiuaiy, bythe authority of any State which lias fur-
nished inilma or volunteer* for the suppression of the pres-
ent rebellion, for aiming the militia or volunteers} ot such
State, may he imported into the United States and entered
free of duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that resolution
ought not to be passed without consideration.
The subject has been before the Committee on
Finance at this session, and a bill has been re-
ported. I do not know whether it has been passed
or not. It is in the hands of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, the
joint resolution cannot be considered at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING. I will give a reason for this reso-
lution, which I think will satisfy the Senator. I
have a letter from the commissary general of the
State of New York, from which I will read:
"Immediately after the bombaidment of Fort Sumter,
the authorities of the State of New Yoik dispatched an
agent to Europe to purchase the most apptoved arms. lie
succeeded in purchasing nineteen thousand Enfield rifles,
all of which were admitted duty free, and have since been
issued to the uoops of the State now in the service of the
General Government. Subsequently, the State authoiities
authorized the same agent to purchase ten thousand addi-
tional rifles of the same pattern or model for the use of the
State militia, and consequently for the general defense.
Of these, six thousand ai rived before the 1st of Januaiy,
and were admitted free of duty. The lemaining four thou-
sand aie either m bond or have not yet arrived."
So that there are four thousand of that order
that have not yet been entered; two thousand of
them, the commissary general informs me, are
in bond at Portland. They want to use them as
early as they can obtain them, and as these have
arrived they desire to have them entered. I would
as lief this resolution should be confined to those
four thousand as not; but I have made it general,
because heretofore it has been objected to passing
these resolutions for special purposes, and it has
been insisted that they should be general.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill which is in the
hands of the Senator from Maryland provides for
the admission, duty free, of all arms which were
ordered prior to January 1; and that would cover
this case. Therefore this resolution had better lie
on the table or go to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING. If the Senator objects to it, it must
go over; but [ am anxious to have it acted on as
early as practicable, and to have a provision en-
acted—no matter in what form it is made—that
will allow these arms to come m. A single objec-
tion carries it over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any mo-
tion to refer it?
Mr. KING. No, sir; I do not think it is neces-
sary to refer it.
SAILORS OF THE CUMBERLAND.
Mr. CLARK. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate yesterday passed the bill (S.
No. 238) to furnish clothing and supplies to the
sailors and men on board the sloop-of-war Cum-
beiland.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. Is it necessary to reconsider
the vote by which it was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now move to amend the bill
by striking out "§100," and inserting "sixty
dollars each."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill read as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it cuactet],&c., That the Secietary of the Navy be
authorized to fuini-.li to the sailors and men on boaid" the
sloop-of-war Cumheiland, who lo*t theirelotlimj;and other
ptoperty in the late action with the Meirimac at Foitress
Momoe, supplies and clothing to an amount not exceeding
sivty dollais «>ach.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs in his seat;
but a subject kindred to that was before that com-
mittee this morning, and it was agreed in the
committee that a motion should be made to refer
this bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs, with
a "view to embrace several classes of cases. In
his absence, I move that the bill be refei red to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLARK. Would it not be better to let it
lie on the table until the chairman of the Naval
Committee comey in ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that.
The bill was laid on the table.
WESTERN MILITARY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire again to ask the
favor of the Senate to take up House bill No. 148,
to pay certain soldiers in Missouri who were not
regularly mustered into the service. 1 move to
take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 148) to secure to the
officers and men actually employed in the western
department, or department of Missouri, their pay,
bounty, and pension; the question pending being
on the amendment of Mr. Cahlile , in line ten of
section one, after the word " Missouri," to insert
" and also of the department of western Virginia."
Mr. HENDERSON. I dislike very much to
make any objection to anything that is desired by
my friend from Virginia; but I will state that this
bill was introduced in the early part of the session
into the House of Representatives and was crit-
ically examined there before the Committee on
Military Affairs, was reported upon, and passed
by that body; and it has been in this House now
about three months. It has been carefully ex-
amined, it has been sent to the War Depaitment
and been reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs of the Senate. I fear that the result of the
adoption of the amendment will be to have this hill
again go through the long process of examination
which it has already been subjected to, and to de-
prive the men in Missouri who ought long since
to have been paid for their actual services m the
field, of that payment which is their due. I have
no objection to voting as an original proposition
for any similar bill that the Senatoi from Virginia
may propose and which may undergo an exami-
nation before the Military Committee of this body
as this has done; hut he will see at a glance that
the result of agreeing to his amendment will be to
have this bill again go through all the forms that
it has already gone through, and perhaps another
three months be expended before we can actually
pay these men. They rendered service; I believe
some of them are in the field yet; and they would
have been paid but for the fact that their muster-
ing in rolls were irregular, and perhaps iti some
cases there were no mustering in rolls at all. They
were called into seivice under the administration
of affairs in Missouri by General Lyon. There
are only twerity-fivc hundred of them, perhaps
twenty-three or twenty-four hundred of them: and
they have never yet been paid a single dollar be-
cause they cannot be paid while their mustering in
rolls arc defective or where they do not exist at
all. The Senator will at once see that these men
ought to be immediately paid. The bill has long
been pending, and I hope it will pass without at-
taching to it any amendment whatever, the result of
which will be to delay the payment of these men.
Mr. CARLILE. I think there is no ground for
the apprehension of the Senator ftom Missouri.
This amendment certainly cannot prejudice this
bill; cannot delay it. The committee that reported
this bill has reported an amendment which will
have to go back to the House of Representatives
for its concurrence.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is not an important
amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. No matter what it is, it will
require again the consideration of the House of
Representatives; and therefore the adoption of this
amendment cannot at ail prejudice this bill either
in this body or in that House. Now, I put it to
the Senator how he can expect me to sit by, rep-
resenting, as I do,a constituency who come within
the principle of the bill, and who have, so for as
suffering is concerned, stronger claims upon the
Government, or certainly as strong, as any of
those that arc provided for in this bill who may
reside in the department from which the Senator
from Missouri comes, and allow this bill to pass
without making an effort to provide for those to
whom this amendment relates5 Among those
whom it is proposed to provide for by this amend-
ment are one hundred and fifty or two hundred
citizens of my own State and citizens of the State
oi Ohio and citizens probably of the State of Penn-
aylvania, who were captured at Guyandotte, and
have been confined ever since lust fall in prison in
Richmond and elsewhcie throughout the south-
ern States, a portion of whom were released upon
