8200
THE O0M(xRESSIO3fAL' GLOBE.
July 9.
with any mail in any employment, if he agrees tp
render service to another, that person has a^ right
to his service, and can enforce that right in the
courts of law; but that does not discharge the
debtor from military duty. The slave, the free
negro, as well as the white man of this country,
are bound, when our necessities require them, to
render military service. It is no question of con-
stitutional rightand power; it is, after all, a ques-
tion of policy, of expediency. Ordinarily to arm
negroes would be shocking to our sense of hu-
manity, for the reason that, from the history of
slave insurrections, we associate negro warfare
with the burning of houses and all those scenes of
desolation attendant upon savage warfare. 1 cer-
tainly would not employ them unless disciplined
and under complete control, anid never as armed
men,until 1 had to choose between their employ-
ment and the destruction of the country. When
our enemies employ them against us, we certainly
have the right to do it.
Mr.President, until we learna little energy from
those desperate men who are engaged in this war-
fare against us, we cannot expect to succeed. We
rnustfollow, to someextent.theirbad example. It
is true, that the best mode to conduct war is to re-
gard all persons and all property as exemptexcept
the armed forces ofthe enemy. Such examples of
warfare we read of in thedaysof chivalry orin for-
eign wars, where personal enmities do not mingle
in the strife. History furnishes examples where,
by courtesy, the first Are was yielded to the enem y.
But, sir, those rebels do not carry on war in that
way. I read but yesterday a touching account of a
scene in Arkansas, where loyal men, who had never
taken up arms to support the Government, but had
simply fed our soldiers when in that State, were,
soon after our armies were compelled to retreat,
hungup as traitors to the confederate government.
If we should hangup a guerrilla or desperado who
had burned the house of a loyal citizen, or who,
under cover, had shot one of oursold iers,we should
never hear the end of it. Declamation about bar-
barity would be rung in our ears, and yet no re-
buke for the barbarities practiced by our enemies.
They seize loyal people who have not even fought
with us, but simply have fed our soldiers, and
hang them as traitors. Sir, if they can hang loyal
people, I aslt you if we should not hang traitors?
I am not in the habit of criticising our military au-
thorities, but it seems to me they ought to be in-
fused with a little more energy and earnestness in
conducting this war. If they had availed them-
selves of the physical power at their command, of
all those resources which our people have so gen-
erously placed under their care, I have no doubt
this rebellion could have been put down long
ago.
The Senator from Delaware seems to think that
the harangues, as lie calls them, the abolition
movements that have been made in Congress, have
had some effect on this war. Sir, they have not
had the slightest impression. All that may be
said by nil the orators in this and the other branch
of Congress does not reconcile or excite a single
rebel. What is done here is scarcely ltnown there,
Much less cared for. No, Mr. President, these
menlmve united together in a conspiracy, determ-
ined to breakdown thisGovernment. They know
very well that if they fail their lives are forfeit, or
they will at least bo driven in disgrace from this
country and be compelled to grander over the
world. They therefore resort to all desperate ex-
pedients. They do not stand paltering anil dem-
agogingabout working side by side with negroes.
Their regiments march up side by side with black
men. They make useof black men in all the pur-
poses of warfare. They do notstand upon a nar-
row prejudice of caste. They make negroes work
for them, they make negroes fight for them, they
make negroes do all that is necessary to be done
in warfare, to kill, to burn, to slaughter. I ask
you when that is done by the enemies of the Gov-
ernment, shall not we employ these negroes for
service in which they may be made useful and
beneficial. And, sir, for every loyal man that
llmdman—who is a barbarian, every inch of him
—for every loyal man that Hindman would hang
in the State of Arkansas orany where else, 1 would
hang some rebel or traitor who had been taken in
arms against the Government. The law of retal-
iation is the only law that will bring these men
to their senses. Our authorities seem to think that
all these abuses, all these extraordinary exercises
of po wer , may be carried on by the rebels day after
day, and still our Government must go on-dealing
with them with a gloved hand, touching them
lightly, protecting the property and houses of men
who are fighting against us. With that kind ot
warfare we never shall end this contest.
While I have no sympathy with the general
policy ofthe emancipation of slaves, orany inter-
ference with the rights of the southern people, and
especially with the rights of the loyal people of
the southern States, I think the time has come
when we must seize the slaves of the disloyal;
when we must seize their property; when, if ne-
cessary, we must inaugurate their system of war-
fare, and array the whole physical power of this
country and enter into the war in earnest. If we
do that, we need not fear foreign intervention or
domestic discord. We can array in arms a mil-
lion men; we can employ thousands and tens of
thousands of slaves. If it were necessary in order
to put down the rebellion, I would put them all
under arms and let them march and live upon the
enemy wherever they go. Suppose Jeff Davis
with his army should get up into Maryland or
Pennsylvania, do you suppose they would pay
the farmers of Pennsylvania and Maryland dollar
for dollar for everything they might take ? Is that
their mode of warfare ? No, sir; they rob and des-
olate even their own friends, even those who have
not taken up arms against them. If they now
were the invaders and should reach a region of
country which does not recognize their authority,
they would burn and desolate and rob and plun-
der and murder. There would be no end to such
scenes.
I tell you, Mr. President, you cannot conduct
warfare against savages unless you become half
savage yourself. Our forefathers never fought the
Indians successfully except by resorting to some
mode of Indian warfare. I dislike this mode of
warfare as much as any living man; but rather
than see this country broken up, rather than see
the Republic fail, and have us hand down to those
who come after us eternal war and anarchy, a dis-
graced namb and a dishonored Government, I
would practice every mode of warfare that is pre-
scribed in either ancient or modern history; 1 do
not know any other way to bring the war to an
end.
Mr. President, I have already said a great deal
more than I intended. My purpose was simply
to say, that while I thought the amendment as
framed went a little too far, and ought to be mod-
ified, yet the general spirit of it,*the necessity of
availing ourselves of all the weakness of the en-
emy, and all the physical strength of this coun-
try, I heartily approve and shall vote for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a few words
upon this bill before the vote is taken on it, or
rather upon subjects partly collateral to it, and I
shall endeavor to occupy but a very few minutes
in saying what I have to say.
The bill is thought to be a necessity. We may as
well tell the truth about it here, and have it under-
stood by the country. The bill is designed, as 1
understand, to meet a possible contingency. It is
supposed that in the present necessities of the
country for raising more troops, swing to the fact
that our forces have been mucli thinned by death
caused by sickness, wounds, &e., we may find it
difficult at once and as soon as the necessities of
the case require, to raise, by enlistment, the num
ber of troops neeessary to make lip what we
want; and therefore it is proposed to enlarge the
power the President now has to call out the militia
by allowing him to call them out for a greater
length of time. The bill is unlimited in that par-
ticular, and perhaps it would be better to limit it
to some time. If the militia are called out invol-
untarily, or without their will, it might be well to
fix a reasonable time as the limit of their service.
I merely suggest that for the consideration of the
committee; they have considered the matter more
than I have. The time should be long enough
to enable the militia to make their services avail-
able by receiving the requisite instruction and
drill, and to render service after they have been
thus instructed. A militia called out for three
months is generally of very little use as I under-
stand.
T am in favor of this bill, if it is thought advis-
able by the Committee on Military Affairs, and
those having the conduct of these things, to pass
it. I do not know but that it may be necessary to
go a step further, and to provide specifically for
calling out men in the ordinary form by draft. I
am ready to do that if it is thought advisable. It
is not advisable at this moment; .but we are about
to adjourn, and as 1 understand this bill, it is pro-
posed to meet a contingency that may happen
during the adjournment of Congress, and may not
happen, because it may be, and I hope it will be,
that sufficient numbers of men will enlist them- .
selves. I think it a wise precautionary measure;
but while avowing that I think it a wise precau-
tionary measure, and that I shall give my support
to it cheerfully, ill whatever form it may be pre-
sented with reference to the matters of which I
have spoken, it is worth while for us to inquire
why even the contingency occurs, whence comes
the possibility that the President may have occa-
sion to resort to this call of the militia for a greater
length of time than was originally fixed? We
may as well look that matter in the face. It is be-
cause apprehensions are entertained that there will
not be that readiness to volunteer that there has
been heretofore. It may be so, and I am perfectly
ready to say that', from information received from
my own State, there is not that readiness to enlist
that there was; there is not that enthusiasm with re-
gard to enlistments; men do not rush forward and
tender their (services as they did awhile ago. Have
they lost any interest in the war? Not a particle.
Have they lost anything of that determination,
which existed formerly, to doanythingand every-
thing which might be necessary to put down this
rebellion? Not in any shape or form; but the
people in my State, and I dare say in other States,
feel that the war must be conducted on some dif-
ferent principles from those upon which it has
been conducted hitherto; that is to say, that there
shall not bo on the part of the military authorities
of the country that extreme tenderness and del-
icacy with regard to men who have no tenderness,
except that ofthe wolf for the lamb, towards us,
the people they are fighting; that they shall be
met, if not in the same spirit, in a spirit that is
able to resist a determination and, a feeling of that
description.
Sir, our soldiers do not like it; they do not feel
easy that they are called upon, when it is not
necessary, to stand guard over enemy's property,
to protect, as has been well said, the families of
men who are fighting against us, and be shot down
by concealed traitors while they are doing it. They
do not feel that they should stand protecting a
traitor who is sleeping quietly in his bed, when
they need repose themselves. They do not feel
that it is just that they, who have volunteered to
fight the battles of their country, should be em-
ployed in digging ditches and throwing up in-
trenchments, exposed to all the miserable conse-
quences of such a life in the swamps about the
Chickahominy river and elsewhere, when, at the
same time, there are numbers, an abundance of
men, acclimated, who are ready to volunteer their
services, and who could be employed for the same
purpose without danger to life, and save our sol-
diers for the purposes for which they went into
battle. I speak this as a truth that is well under-
stood; and the Government of tile United States
may just as well understand—the militai y author-
ities of the United States may just as well under-
stand, that if this policy is to be followed, if we
are not to avail ourselves of the services of men
who are ready to render'them for all these things
which are so necessary to be done—and which
they can do, and are eager to do—out of tender-
ness for rebels and traitors and murdereis, the
people hesitate at least to come forward, and will
hesitate until they know and feel that they are no
longer to be exposed to that kind of life.
Sir, why is it so? What do we owe these trai-
tors? What makes some gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber so sensitive the moment that
you speak of employing negroes, the slaves of
rebels, in the service of the country; gentlemen
who profess to feel, and who I am willing to be-
lieve do feel, the deepest interest in the success of
the country in putting down this rebellion? Why
do they jump to their feet the momtfnt the idea is
suggested here of employing men who arc ready
and able to perform thisservicc,andsave the lives
of their own soldiers from their own Slates, as!
well as those from mine and other States? What
violation of the principles of warfare is it that is
proposed? Why should wo not weaken the en-
emy, and attack*, him in his weakest point? Do
