2240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20.
These are the main clauses of the Constitution
relied on. There are others, and if I had time I
might notice them, but as these are the clauses so
often cited as objections to the passage of any con-
fiscation biii, I Will satisfy myself by noticing them
alone.
I have frequently heard during the present ses-
sion a great deal said about a peace constitution
and a war constitution—a constitution where cer-
tain powers are lodged in Congress in time of war
which do not exist in time of peace. I subscribe
to no such doctrine. The Constitution is the same
to-day it was the day it was adopted. It is the
same in war that it is in peace. But while I say
this, I do maintain that there are powers in the
Constitution that slumber in time of peace, but
which are appropriate to be exercised in time of
war. There are some to which I could call at-
tention about which there is no question; for in-
stance, there is a clause in the Constitution which
prohibits the quartering of soldiers in any house,
without the consent of the owner, in time of peace;
but it may be done in time of war. That is a power
which this Government can only exercise in time
of war.
There is another clause in the Constitution
which prohibits the suspension of the privilege of
the writ of habeas corpus, except in cases of rebel-
lion or invasion, when the public safety demands
that it shall be done. In time of war, when the
country is invaded by a foreign enemy, or when
civil war springs up at the hands of our own cit-
izens, this war power was put there to enable that
department of the Government intrusted with the
execution of the laws of the Government to carry
out the purposes of the Constitution. It is a power
placed there,as I understand, to enable the laws of
the land to be executed; and whenever rebellion or
invasion prevails in the country the President of
the United Slates, charged with the execution of
the laws, where that execution is prevented by the
interposition of rebellion, may use all the means
the Constitution has furnished him to suppress
that rebellion or repel that invasion. That is the
war power. It slumbers in time of peace, but like
ti lion in leposo, it rouses up from its watches and
slumbering whenever the enemy appears, and let
those who undertake to destroy the nationality
tremble in fear in its presence.
I undertake to say that for the purpose of self-
preservation there is no nation upon the face of
the habitable globe that possesses, 1 do not say
usurped, but such constitutional powers as this
Government possesses, not for the purpose of
oppression, but for the purpose of protection, and
for the purpose of self-preservation. Sir, rebel-
lions usually succeed in despotic Governments.
"Why? Because they are rebellions of the masses
against one man, while a rebellion in thiy coun-
try is a moral, a political, and a physical impos-
sibility, so far as success is concerned, because it
is the rebellion of the few against the many; it is
an attempt upon the part of a few individuals to
destroy a Government which is the property of
the whole, and it follows as certainly as eiFect fol-
lows cuuse, that no such rebellion can succeed.
It is in this view I hold that although the Con-
stitution of the United States is the same m time
nf peace that it is in time of war, yet it has slum-
bei mg powers, when waked uj«> by the approach
of danger, winch, in the attempt at self-preserva-
tion, aie competent for every emergency,and they
are developed as occasions piesent themselves.
Having said thus much, Mr. Speaker, in refer-
ence to the constitutionality of confiscation, I de-
sire now to say a few wot ds in relation to the pol-
icy of it. 1 claim to have in my bosom as much
of the milk of human kindness as most men; I
claim to possess as broad a chanty as most men.
I am perfectly willing, for one, to forgive the past;
1 am willing to say to those whohave undertaken
xo destroy the best Government on the face of the
earth,441 forgive you. Go, and stn no more." I
am willing to do that; but when I get there, my
chanty and my mercy stop. I am not willing to
S?^ ■' ^°' an(* as y°u have done, in j!
the full consciousness that we have no law that [j
can be practically executed, and that will punish ji
you. I am not willing to expend the whole jj
stock of my cnauty and generosity upon those ij
wno have plundered, robbed, and murdered the l!'
Union men ot my own section. I am unwilhno- >'
to say to them, " Continue in y«ur hellish deeds' '
and you shall rest secure under the protection of I
the laws and of the Constitution." 1 know some-
thing about their generosity; I know something
about their mercy. I know how my own poor
constituents, whose hearts were not infected with
this crime of treason, this sentiment of treachery,
were treated at the hands of these men; and yet
I say I forgive them for what they have done. I
seek to do nothing against them from motives of
revenge. I ask no indemnity for the past; but, in
the name of my outraged and loyal constituents,
I do demand at the hands of this Congress secur-
ity for the future; and I say, if the Government
of the United States is not strong enough, and has
not courage enough to punish crimes against its
own authority, and to protect the loyal men who
have stood by it in the hour of its daikest tiial, it
is a Government unworthy the allegiance of a
free and brave peoplo. Sir, when 1 say these
things, I say them in no spirit of revenge; but I
take the broad ground that ten loyal men are en-
titled, in any given State, to more consideration
than a million of traitors, and, so far as I am con-
cerned, I will undertake to carry it out in every
vote and every act while I have the privilege of
occupying a scat upon this floor.
I say, sir, that so far from this bill producing
mischief in the border slave States, it is the only
means by which our loyal people can be protected.
Why, sir, it is a common thing for these men,
as soon as the overwhelming force of the United
States troops gets out of sight, to run back into
our settlements and burn our houses, drive our
wives and children from their homes, and strip
them of every dollar's worth of property they have
upon the face of the earth. Meet them again and
they laugh m your face and tell you there is no
law by which they can be punished. You cannot
hang five hundred thousand men. That is impos-
sible. Such a law cannot be executed. No one
knows better than they do that such is the case;
and if we do not reach them in the only way in
which we can reach them—through their property
—they will continue to commit these disloyal acts
and murderous crimes. I believe that if we had
passed a confiscation bill at our extra session in
July, and these men who own property in that
country had known that there was a law in force
which could be executed against them effectively,
and which would be executed against them if they
continued committing these outrages against their
fellow-citizens, and these crimes against the Gov-
ernment, much of the mischief they have perpe-
trated would have been arrested.
These are my honestconvictions, Mr. Speaker.
I may be in error, but they are my honest con-
victions—convictions that have crowded upon me
from my immediate association and contact with
these men. Numbers of my constituents have been
murdered. But a few days since I received a let-
ter from the only brother I have, in which he in-
forms me that a rebel band, which I see has since
been captured, came to his house, dragged him
away from his wife and child, took him into the
swamp, and there demanded, at the peril of his
ife,a pledge from him that he would not take any
pait against the confederate States, and in order
to save his life, he had to give that pledge; and
when he attempted to return home they waylaid
him and tried to murder him. And gentlemen tell
me that these men who commit such deeds are to
be the objects pf our mercy and commiseration !
Sir, if this idea that men are not to be punished
for crimes is to prevail m this country, we shall
not only lose the power to command obedience at
the hands of our own citizens, but the imbecility
and weakness of this Government will become
the subject of ridicule among all the nations of
the earth. I say that every crime, every offense,
ought to be punished m a proper way by some
practical law that we can execute; and when we
adopt a system of that kind, we will be in a fair
course to put down this rebellion.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, in the wide sea
and chaos of blood, tears, and convulsion, the
baie, barter,, dry land begins to loom up, and the
great end to appear. Soon the patient statistician
will gather up his facts, and by his tables will
show us the exact thousands of lives squandered
in this wide waste, and the innumerab!e*hiilhons
of substance consumed in the greatconflagration.
I'lie curious and industrious annalist will swell
his huge volumes of the amazing incidents whose
frequent recurrence has robbed us of the power of
being astonished even. The moralist will go forth
in melancholy to mourn the wide-spread licen-
tiousness and demoralization growing out of this
huge war, whose irradicable ulcers shall be the*
last to cicatrize.
The covetous hand of garnering love shall have
gathered up and inurncd the last lost treasured
one; the last inscription shall bo graved, and the
last monument consecrated; the last eulogy pro-
nounced, and the last requium chaunted; and the
all-consoling hand of time shall have dried the last
tear, or have broken the fountain and soothed or
stilled the last sorrowing heart. The footprints
of war burnt in thick and wasteful battle-fields into
the whole South will rapidly fade out, and the
restoring hand of nature, under a genial climate
and weeping skies, will again clothe them in dis-
guising beauty. The fingeis of a single summer
will overspread the war-worn plains with the
tender grass, whose living green shall creep over
the place of the final struggle, of the last rally and
fearful rout; rapidly it will climb the steeps of
innumerable forts, and roof with living verdure
the mounds of sleeping soldiers, on which the tear-
distilling nights shall shed their softest dews. All
these will speedily and certainly occur; and the
inspiration of poetry, the muse of history, and
the pencil of art shall construct in strains of triple
glory the great legend, the deathless epic of what
we have lived and suffered and achieved for the
benefit, theexample, the warning, and the wonder
of all after ages.
But now, e'er any of this is accomplished, while
we are yet in the midst of the great struggle whoso
tide is but now turned—while the heady fight
rages under our eyes, with its shout and groan in
our ears, its scorching breath on our faces, and Us
fiery pulse in our veins—we are to become calm
and elevated, clear our vision, rise above the smoke
and dust of battle to the serene atmosphere, if we
may, of genuine American statesmanship. Hero-
ism, devotion, and constancy, equaling the high-
est achievements of the race, accomplished the
first Revolution; an excess of the same high qual-
ities are carrying us successfully through the
second.
A wisdom, sagacity, and patriotism hardly be-
fore paralleled constructed and breathed life and
strength into our constitutional Government; and
nothing but an equal expenditure of the same rare
qualities can successfully carry it through this its
last and greatest ordeal. Its success was an ac-
complished fact, under all the ordinary and ex-
traordinary vicissitudes to which nations may be
exposed. Strong and triumphant in war and
stable and beneficent in peace, it is now undergo-
ing the last and most fearful process to which it
can be exposed. Out of this, too, it will emerge
stronger, purer, and beautified by the fire, if the
men of this Congress are equal to this high occa-
sion. If it fails, it will not be through the imper-
fections of the Constitution, nor yet because our
generals and soldiers aie not equal to the task
assigned them—for that will assuredly be well and
thoroughly done—but the failure will be upon us,
the men of these two Houses of Congress. Let
us be done with caveling about others, thanking
in our way this general, or censuring that chieS
tain, as if that was our task, or as if our breath
made or marred fame and dictated the decrees of
history, and address ourselves reverently to the
the greatest and most appalling of our labors, the
rough hewing and shaping with our legislative
hand the ends and destinies of the revolted States
and people, and so forever fixing our own.
It has been said, and truly, that the present
Congress, in this fearful exigency, furnishes no
great leading, mastering nnnd, with grasp and
strength to carry in his single arms the fortunes
of our sorely-bested country. I do not stop to
discuss the strange oversight of nature in not pro-
viding a great man for this great occasion accord-
ing to nile, nor to bewail our bereaved condition
in his absence. Concede that we have no over-
shadowing intellects to ruin all by great mistakes,
I believe, in point of practical ability and cool
courage and constancy, the average of this Con-
gress equals that of any of its predecessor. And I
think, too, that this Congress, w*th all its jarnngs,
discords, and differences, will prove itself equal to
the tearful responsibility that is upon it. if so,
tiie career of no man, however humble he may
have been, can be uneventful, whose fortune it is
to occupy a seat here.
How are we to deal with these rebels when the
