258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
determined that you, and not I, shall pay the three
cents on thisletteir" WhatReprcsentative, writing
to constituents, to acquaintances, to personal and
political friends, desires to have imposed upon him
the necessity of any such discrimination?
But, again: while the first section provides, by
process of repeal, as my friend, the chairman of
the Post Office Committee, assures me, that we
shall not receive gratuitously letters or packages
directed to us, the second section provides that we
may send all such letters, documents, and pack-
ages as we desire, without expense to us. 'How?
They are to go to the post office of the constituent,
there to be paid for by him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what class of people is it
who take the papers belonging to the association
called the associated,press, and the other great
daily papers? What class of people is it who,
through the leading daily journalsof the country,
see and learn and know all that we know about
public transactions? It is the class of men who
nave boxes in post offices, who go there regularly,
who pay postage; and that is precisely the class
of men to whom public documents are not usually
sent, or if sent are of little current value. But
the men to whom, if we retain this provision at
all, documents would be sent, postage unpaid,
are those who have no boxes in post offices, who
go there but seldom, who are unaccustomed to
the payment of postage, and unused to the con-
ducting of correspondence, and not the best able
or the most willing to pay postage. And yet, if
we wished to have these public documents circu-
lated, and have them go where they might exert
a wholesome and potent influence, it is to such
men that we should send them. I think the result
practically of this provision will be that the books
and documents sent to those to whom they are
really of very little moment will betaken from the
post office, and the postage paid; but the books and
documents which are sent to those of our constit-
uents who are unable to pay postage, unused to
go to the post office, and for a great variety of rea-
sons which will readily suggest themselves to gen-
tlemen, will remain in the post office, and the De-
partment will have burdened itself with their
transportation; and yet, for several reasons sug-
gested in the report read by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. VALLAKTDiGHAM,]andfor various other
reasons, it will fail, not only in realizing a relief
from the burden of transportation, but will fail
in the reception of that accretion to the post office
revenue to which this measure looks.
Now, sir, I believe we ought to have one thing
or the other. We ought either to cut up this
franking privilege root and branch, by the adop-
tion of the converse proposition, or else we ought
to retain it with the benefits and fruits that belong
to it, with such modifications as it may be deemed
best to adopt.
These objections I make to one of the sections
which I have moved to strike out. Now as to the
third section. In the first place it strikes me as it
struck the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Goocii,] who put a question to the gentleman from
Indiana in that regard, that the discrimination as
to distance is entirely inconsistent, entirely in-
compatible with thewhole theory upon which this
bill goes. Why should the man who lives in
Minnesota or in Oregon or in California, or in
any other distant State, be compelled to pay, not
only the postage, but to pay the duplication of
postage thus provided for in this bill ? How does
that carry out or preserve or leave untouched at all
the principleof equality, that principle which this
bill affects to cherish and to carry into effect ? In
one sense this third section contains the provision
which I referred to in the question I put to my dis-
tinguished friend from Indiana some time ago, and
I want to press it upon the attention of the House,
I want to press it upon the attention of each in-
dividual gentleman; for brief as has been my ex-
perience as a member of this House, it has been
long enough to convince me of the insufferable,
intolerable burden the adoption of this provision
will impose upon us. We adjourn here, for in-
stance, m May, or at some other time; following
us home under the provisions of this bill, there
come tons and tons of public documents to be put
away. I have heard of one gentleman, not now
a member of this House, but I believe the vice
president of this so-called southern confederacy,
who had in his district a building erected for the
purpose of shielding from the damage of the ele-
ments the books which had been acquired by
him—the literary spoils which belonged to his
congressional conquest.
Well,sir,mostof us are probably not prepared
to do that, but unless we erect a building of some
sort to house, to store these books in, where are
they to go to ? They are to go to the private
residence, or to the private office of each mem-
ber. And following these books come a multi-
tude of persons who want them, getting up a great
variety of private business as an excuse for asking
for them; and every gentleman here knows in his
own experience what difficulty arises from the
impossibility of giving every constituent every
book which some one else has had. And then
commences this system of distribution, which
must be accomplished in one of two ways—either
by putting the books again into the post office,
and compelling the constituent to pay the same
postage on them he would have had to pay if they
had been sent to him direct from this Capitol, or
else the member must devise and putin operation
some private channel for permeating his district :
with these streams of useful knowledge. He can j
do either one of these things, whichever in his judg- 5
ment may be most conducive to his convenience.
He cannot, with any regard to justice, presume
to compel a man who lives three or four miles
distant from him to pay the same postage he would
have had to pay if it had been transferred to him
from a thousand miles distant. But if he cannot
do that, what is he to do ? He is to have the va-
cation between the sessions of Congress broken
up and frittered away as it is now, by ten thousand
matters which neither promote the public good
nor his own usefulness to his constituents, and
which he ought not to be called on to attend to.
He is to be borne down and burdened by this _
bill in the mere mechanical operation of turning j
him into a page, like one of the boys who attend
us in this Hall, by performing a duty requiring
no more intelligence and involving no more re-
sponsibility than that performed by these boys;
or else he is to undergo the inconvenience and
responsibility of devising some other means—I
do not know what—of distributing these books.
Now, sir, this is a suggestion, I admit, entirely i
practical in its nature, and one that does not take :
hold of any great principle involved m the meas-
ure, perhaps, sufficiently to claim the attention of :
many of the members of the House. I believe that
one of two alternatives ought to be adopted. We
ought either to declare that the franking privilege
has become so much overgrown and perverted ns
to have come to be an excrescence on the body
politic, that can only be cured by cutting out and
eradicating, or else, regarding it as Shakspeare
was regarded—" admired not on account of his
faults, hu tin spite of them "—regarding it as, while
open to a great variety of criticism, still the source
of much light, knowledge, and convenience, and of
sufficient public benefit to make itconsistent with
the consciences of members to retain it.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Moans, reported a bill making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the yearending the 30th of
June, 1863; and additional appropriations for the
year ending June 30, 1862; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
FRANKING P1UVILEGE AGAIN.
Mr. POMEROY. I hardly know what is the
precise point before the House for discussion,
nor is it of much consequence if the House will
extend to me the same courtesy for a few mo-
ments they have extended to others ever since the
session commenced.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this measure had been
introduced by the Committee of Ways and Means
as a re venue measure, I would be willing to vote for j
it, as I would vote for any oth^r measure they said i
was necessary to put money into the public Treas- !
ury. We, a month ago, laid aside the homestead |
lull, one of the most impoitant bills that could :
come before Congress, bccause we were told that
the state of the finances stood m the way, and that
the question of finance was the great question be-
fore the country. I say, therefore, that if the
Committee of "W ays and Means had reported the
bill as one necessary for the revenues of the coun-
try, I would have been willing to support it; but
H comes here as a postage measure from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and as
such I cannot support this bill, provided any other
can be got which will meet with my views any
better.
I am surprised at the speech made by my col-
league from New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling.]
If there is the amount of corruption in the public
printing as depicted here byhiro, then, as soon as
he gets through with Ball's Bluff, he should enter
upon an investigation of the congressional print-
ing. I would like to have this thing painted to
the people in as glowing colors as the disaster of
Ball's Bluff was the other day. He should rep-
resent a rotten borough instead of one of the con-
stituencies of Yankees, who will always be asking
questions about mouse-traps and everything else
that concerns their taxes and their interests. 1
receive letters every day from my constituents
inquiring about this thing and that thing in the
Patent Office; and I do not believe, in the whole
time I shall be here 
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will my col-
league permit me to interrupt him ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to say
to my colleague that, if I comprehended his re-
mark, he misunderstood mine. I did not say or
intimate—certainly I did not intend to say—that
there was or had ever been frauds in the public
printing. My remark, which I presume my col-
league refers to, was this: that the franking priv-
ilege had made the mails, and various other recep-
tacles which I mentioned, plethoric with public
documents which I thought had not been read. I
did not intend to intimate that there had been
frauds of any kind in the printing of these books
or in the public printing.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that I understood
the gentleman correctly. I say this: if I knew,
as has been stated by my colleague, that our mails
have been filled with useless books, sent to bar-
rooms and barber shops and other places where
such books ought not to be, then those books
have been furnished by order of this House, and
this House has committed a fraud upon the coun-
try in ordering them to be published. There is a
fraud in law and a fraud in fact. If those publi-
cations have not been ordered with fraudulent in-
tent, they are equally fraudulent in intent and m
law if they have been useless and worthless to the
public.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to discuss this
question at length. I only wish to call attention
to a single proposition, which I shall embrace in
a resolution if it is pertinent to do so, and proper
at this time. Now, all mail matter consists mainly
of three items, at least so far as Congress is con-
cerned. First, there are the written communica-
tions, usually denominated letters. Next, there
are printed speeches and pamphlets, sent abroad
by members of Congress for political purposes,
and printed by private and individual enterprise.
Thirdly, there are documents relating to measures
of public conscqucnce, and which arc ordered to
be printed by Congress for the reason that the
people at large should be infoimed at the expense
of the Government as to what is being done in
Congress. Now, as to the first of these, as to the
written communications, I think that the individ-
ual experience of every man in this House suffi-
ciently satisfies him whether or not the use of the
franking privilege by the member and his constit-
uents for communication on official business is
proper or not, and whether its great liability tu
abuse is such that'it ought to be done away with
or not. The use of it simply as a means of com-
munication between the member and his constitu-
ents on measures of legislation before Congress
would be eminently proper and just; but we know
that not one hundredth or one thousandth part of
franked mail matter appertains to such informa-
tion. Thercfoie, i say, that U should be entirely
done away with.
As to the second branch—political speeches and
political pamphlets—there is no iccison why the
public should carry them free any more than they
should print them.
As to the third branch, public documents and
books relating to matters of public importance,
the theory upon which they are published is that
it is for the public good that they should be
