1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gratuitously published for the use of the people. If
the gratuitously published books cannotbe trans-
mitted to the people for whom they are published,
then let us go to the source of the evil and cut off
the publication. As to such publications, just so
long as Congress says, every time it orders a pub-
lication at the public expense, that it is of public
consequence that they should be published, so
long will I vote, to freely distribute them to the
people. Our institutions all rest upon the intelli-
gence of the people themselves. I do not know
what the experience of others may be, and mine
is so slight that it is hardly worth taking into ac-
count on this question, but I know of the few
books that I have received, and they have been
very few, that the agricultural part of the Patent
Office report has been eagerly sought for by men
of intelligence—byfarmers, who claimed to derive
from that work matters of information to them in
the prosecution of their business. I have never
read half a dozen pages in my life of one of them,
for it is not in my line of business; but I know
from information derived from others upon whom
1 rely, that the free distribution of these books is
of great value to the agricultural interests of the
country. 1 know further, so far as the mechani-
cal report is concerned, that it is eagerly sought
for by inventors and mechanics. I have been
applied to frequently for them, not to be placed
in a barber shop or in a bar-room, but to be taken
to the workshop and studied over. If I am cor-
rect, that report contains from year to year the
patents that have been granted, and the inventions
for which they have been granted during the year,
so that to inventors and mechanics it gives a
quickening tendency to invention. I have no ex-
perience like that of which other gentlemen com-
plain; but if the fact is as they allege, and we do
publish worthless books and flood the mails with
them, then I say let us stop the leak at the bung-
hole, and not at the spigot. Let us begin at the
very source and root of the evil.
I do not know whether it is in order, Mr.
Speaker, at this time to move that this bill and
the pending amendments be referred back to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads with
instructions.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I make that motion.
I move the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, Tiiat House bill No. 161, entitled "A bill abol-
ishing the hanlung privilege," be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Pos-t Roads with instructions to re-
port a new bill embracing the following principles: Fust,
The abolition of the tiaiismission of wi men or panted mat-
ter free by mail in all cases other than that of punted matter
published by direction of either branch of Congiess, foi the
purpose of free distnbution; and second, all such printed
matter, printed by either branch of Congress, to be stamped
public document, and to be transmissible Irue through the
mails upon being franked by any member of either House
of Congress.
This places congressional printing, if I may so
term it, upon the same basis exactly as I believe
legislative printing rests in the several States. In
the State of New York I know this to be the case,
and I think that it is so in the other States, that
while there is no franking privilege, while no
member of the Legislature can send free through
the mail any printed or written article, yet when-
ever any matter is ordered to be printed, whether
the Governor's message or the agricultural re-
ports issued by the agricultural office or bureau,
or anything else, the Legislature pays from the
contingent fund the postage for the free distribu-
tion of that matter. The members transmit those
publications to their constituents without chargc,
and the expense to the State is a mere trifle. The
actual postage, I dare say, upon all the public doc-
umentsand books issued by the Legislature of the
State of New York during the whole year would
not exceed twenty thousand dollars; my recol-
lection is that it is less than that; and the expense
to the United States Government of transmitting
this amount of matter through its own postal
sources would amount to nothing except the mere
railroad and post route transportation. Now, in
this way you cut off the whole root of this evil.
Y ou cu t off all that portion of the franking privilege
from which in reality any revenue could be de-
rived, or is expectcd to be derived,under the bill
which has been reported here by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads; because even
under this bill they propose to transmit this
printed matter at a very small sum, but making
the postage chargeable upon the constituents to
whom you send it, unless you see fit to advance
it yourselves by way of prepayment.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, 1 like the old
landmarks of the fathers. We have been for the
last eighty years pursuing a system of franking
documents from this House of Representatives",
and I am opposed to an innovation of the kind
that is proposed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and I assure the chair-
man of that committee, and every member of it,
if they suppose there is any political capital to be
made out of this project they are mightily mis-
taken. I have no right to assume, as a matter of
course, that there is any such design upon the
part of the honorable gentlemen who compose
that committee.
Mr. COLFAX. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that, as he knows, the general
rule is, that gentlemen attribute to others the same
motives that govern their own action. I have been
here an advocate of the abolition of the franking
privilege for years before the gentleman returned
to the seat which he now occupies,and I am con-
sistent in advocating it in my present official po-
sition.
Mr. WRIGHT. I was here some ten years
ago myself, and I believe there never has been a
session of Congress for the last twenty-five years
but what some members of the House, or "some
committee, have taken upon themselves to make
ail innovation upon the franking privilege.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint res-
olution explanatory of an act entitled "An act to
increase the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar,"
approved 24th December, 1861, when the Speaker
signed the same.
TIIE FRANKING PRIVILEGE—AGAIN.
Mr, WRIGHT. I would like to know from
the honorable chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, from what sourcehe
has derived the information that the country has
demanded this change? Has that gentleman got
anything upon his table that has come up from
any part of this great country asking or demand-
ing a change in regard to the franking privilege?
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman had done me
the honor to listen to my remarks he would have
found that I made no allusion to any demand from
the country. I place my advocacy of this bill
upon the basis of right. I think we owe it to the
country, at a time like this, to endeavor to make
the Post Officc Department self-sustaining, and
that we .should not tax the people twenty cents per
pound on tea and five cents on coffee for the pur-
pose of assisting, among other things, in liquidat-
ing the deficiency in the postal revenue, which is
largely increased by our use of the franking privi-
lege.
Mr. WRIGHT. It will be time enough for
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to recommend this measure when there is some
demand made from the country with regard to
this great fundamental change in the law. For a
period of eighty years and upwards this has been
the law and custom of the land, and we have not
learned by petitions, by public meetings, by the
resolutions of State Legislatures, or by any in-
formation whatever that has reached our ears, that
there is any dissatisfaction in regard to that cus-
tom, law, or usage. Now, I ask the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
if he believes that if we abolish the franking priv-
ilege there will be a reduction of one ccnt upon
any mail contract in the United States?
Mr. COLFxiX. I answered that precise ques-
tion when it was put to me by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] an hour or two ago.
Mr. WRIGHT. I did not hear you.
Mr. COLFAX. I said, in answer to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that while I did not suppose
there would be much reduction upon matter sent
by railroads, I thought there would be a reduction
upon matter sent by weekly and semi-weekly |
horse mails through the country, and for the rea-
son, which I stated to him, that every contractor
who bids now expects that in the winter time
when the roads are bad there will be a large quan-
tity of franked matter and printed books thrown
on him which he cannot carry in saddle-bags,
and must carry in some vehicle, and he therefore
provides for that; and he piay very well suppose
it if he kno ws, as the statistics show,.that irv 180
not loss than five millions of speeches were printed
and sent out from this Capitol By the various
political parties* . " }
Mr. WRIGHT. Well, the honorable .chair-
man of the committee knows, if he-understands
his duty—and I have no reason to charge him wjtjh
a want of understanding it—that it is n„ot fche horse
mail contracts or the small stage contract's'for the
transportation of the mails that make heavy de-
mands upon the Treasury, It is the ocean steamer
service, and the contracts that the Department
makes with chartered railroad companies that
swell the expenses; and I do not believe that, so
far as regards the expense of the transportation
of the United States mails, the project of law which
the gentleman has brought into this House will
dimmish the expenses of the Government one
iota—not one farthing. The contracts will remain
as they are, and the contractors will be bound,
as their contracts bind them now, to transport all
the mail matter that shall be distributed by the
General Government. Now, sir, if there was reajly
any merit in this proposition, if there was any-
thing in it designed to relieve the Treasury from
any burden; if, as was suggested by some gentle-
man a few moments since, it were presented to
the House as a measure of economy by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I would certainly give
my assent to it; but it is not presented in that
shape. It is true that the committee who report
this bill have general jurisdiction of this subject,
and if they can be the means of producing reform
in this department of the Government, all 1 can
say to them is, that they shall have my most hearty
concurrence; but I do not conceive that they are
doing any great public good in the introduction of
this measure even if they shall succeed in pass-
ingit.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Roscoe
Conkxing] in his remarks put this matter chiefly
upon the ground that the franking privilege is a
burden upon members of Congress. If the distri-
bution of matter to his constituents is a burden
imposed upon a member of Congress, he ought to
stand up to it manfully and fulfill it, and that fur-
nishes me with no argument why this bill should
become a law.
But, Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, in the
remarks he submitted to the House in support of
this project, made use of an argument that has no
force, at least in this country,in the allusion that
he made to the transmission of mail matter by the
Government of Gicat Britain, and to the abolition
of the franking privilege there. Let me assure the
gentleman that it has ever been the principle of
this Government—the life-giving principle—that
information should be communicated to the people,
and not withheld from them. In that the policy
of this Government and that of the British Gov-
ernment are diametrically opposed to each other.
Our object has been to shed light, to diffuse inform-
ation, to open the channels of knowledge. The
principle of the English Parliament has been to
confine knowledge to alemded aristocracy, and not
to extend it to the great masses of the people.
Therefore the argument which the honorable gen-
tleman from Indiana deduces in favor of his bill
from the course of the British Parliament on the
same subject is no argument to-day in an Ameri-
can Congress.
The franking privilege I have always regarded
as one of the chief means of disseminatinginform-
ation, and so long as information can be thus dis-
seminated it should be. Our constituents have a
right to be informed of the proceedings of Con-
gress. I would lay no trammels on that channel
of information. 1 would throw no obstacle in the
way of keeping the people of the country informed
of all that is done here. Under the franking priv-
ilege, as it exists, that information becomes gen-
eral. It may be said that the newspapers convey
all the information of what is done in both Houses.
That is not so. There are hundreds and hundreds
of men in the gentleman's own district, and hun-
dreds of men in mine, and in the district of every
other gentleman on this floor, who never see, or
at least seldom see, any of the public journals.
The speeches made here, the reports published
here and circulated, go into the hands of this class
of people, who get information from no other
source. If I have any satisfaction in discharging
