THE CONGBESSIONAT, GLOBE.
THft OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG-BESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. BIVES, WASHINGTON. P. fi.'
FRIDAY, JULY 11, 1862.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
you gay that we are proposing abolition by it, or
emancipation? Not at all. AVe are proposing
simply to use those arms that are presented to us
for accomplishing a needful purpose, and which
are most necessary and can be best used for that
purpose, and nothing more nor less than that. Did
ever any nation hearof a people who wentto war
with another and marched into their country who
would dispose of their armies and sacrifice their
men in performing service which endangered their
lives, when there were all about them friends ready
and willing and anxious to relieve them of that
burden? And out of what consideration ? I have
been utterly at a loss to imagine any. I cannot
find the slightest ground or reason foe it. Why
should men who come to our camps in the ene-
my's country tendering service, tendering inform-
ation, tendering their hands, their arms, their lives
to aid us, be repelled and driven out, and our own
soldiers sacrificed in performing the duties that
they are s'o ready to perform? It is contrary to
every principle of warfare. I am no soldier; but
I undertake to say that a general who conducts a
campaign upon such principles is no general at all.
He has forgotten or never knew the very first prin-
ciple on which to conduct a campaign, and that is
to weaken the enemy if he can, and strengthen
himself to the utmost of his ability.
I have talked about this matter quite as long as
I feel inclined to do so. I do not feel disposed to
throw blame upon anybody. I am not here to
quarrel or wrangle. I have no doubt, not the
slightest in the world, that everybody feels as anx-
ious as I do to .close this warand to close iteffect-
ually; but I do say that a mistake has been made
in this respect; too great tenderness has been used
under the delusive idea that these men were to be
coaxed back by tenderness. Sir, you cannot deal
with savages in that way. The man who delib-
erately sets himself to overthrow the institutions
and interests of his own country for the purpose
of selfish ambition is worse than a savage. Such
is the description of the leaders; and the great
mass of their followers, everybody knows, are un-
educated, and are willing to take the color of those
above them.
Now, sir, are we to go on this way ? If we do,
the conseqences must be well understood by gen-
tlemen; they must be welTunderstood by the Gov-
ernment, by the President and the Cabinet, and the
generals, and whoever else sanctions this mode of
proceeding. They must reverse their course, or
Jet mo say, however public opinion may sustain
the war, public opinion will not sustain them.
And, sir, not from any feeling of abolition, not
from any feelingof emancipation, not from any of
that sort of peculiar sentiment which gentlemen
are so fond of attributing to others upon this side
of the Chamber and in and out of this Chamber,
but from the absolute necessity of the case, from
the common sense of the thing. I might address
myself to my friend from Delaware or my friend
from Virginia, and ask them what would you do
in a like case; if you were about to meet an ene-
^ you were to march at the head of an army
into an enemy's country, and your own existence
was periled upon the issue, and the servants of
your enemy should come and tender you aid, say-
ing " we will give you information; admit us with-
in your lines; we will dig trenches, we will fi^ht
for you, we will do anything for you if you will
accept our services;" would you repel them?
Would you say "no, I choose to sacrifice my
friends, let my friends expose their lives, let them
perform this service for which they are unfit; go
back; I will not even take your information; do
not come near me?" The man that acts thus has
not even common sense; he has not common dis-
cretion. if he acts thus from reason, he has not
capacity to conduct his own private affairs.
I have said thus much simply to illustrate my
idea, which is that if we expect the people of this
country to come forward willingly uuder any
pressure except that of absolute necessity with
their whole hearts and souls to fight this battle
out, I tell the President, from my place here as a
Senator, and I tell the generals of our Army, they
201
New Series No. 801.
must reverse their practices and their course of
proceeding on this subject. I agree fully with
what was said by my friend from Kansas [Mr.
Lane] the other day on this point. I believe that
in some quarters, by some men, I am called a
conservative. I believe I am one; that is, I am a
tolerably prudent, cautious man; I do not say
things here in my place except on deliberation,
and I do not do things unless on great considera-
tion, especially in important matters; but I say
this upon full reflection, deliberately, because I
think it ought to be said, and to be said in public,
that this mode of white kid-glove warfare will not
do. We mustactupon common sense principles,
we must do as all other men would doand ought
to do in such a case, avail ourselves of all the
means which the great Ruler of the Universe lias
placed in our power in order to overwhelm the
wretches who are thus making war upon us and
upon humanity and upon civilization. I would not
employ any men that I could not control; I would
not employ savages; I would not do anything
contrary to the usages of civilized warfare; but I
would do all within those limits, that I had the
power to do. 1 would not employ even these men
if I could not control them; but I am speaking now
not so much of what I would do with them as sol-
diers, or whether I would use them as soldiers,
but 1 am speaking of availing ourselves of the
means which they offer us for a thousand other
things which are necessary to be done and which
they can do better than we can.
1 here is undoubtedly great force in what has
been said by my friend from Ohio. Why should
we hesitate when our adversaries do not hesitate
in relation to those matters ? Sir, I would do noth-
ing that a Christian nation ought not to do; I
would do nothing that a civilized people ought not
to do; I would employ no barbarians; I would
not bring back the days of the tomahawk and
scalping knife; but anything within the rules of
civilized warfare that it is in my power to do, I
would do, and it ought to be done.
Now, sir, one thing more I wish to say—and I
wish to say it deliberately—I do not approve of
the idea which seems to have sprung up that the
people of the country are not wise enough to be
informed of what takes place every day, that there
is any necessity for concealing from the people of
the United States a disaster or placing a different
face upon it, of calling a defeat a great strategic
movement, of giving false names to things under
the idea that it will notdo to tell the people plainly
and to their faces precisely what the truth is. Sir,
it is just the thing in all cases that ought to be done;
tell the people the truth; resort to noaitilice, to no
concealments. I do not speak of course of those
concealments that are necessary in order to keep
facts and movements from the enemy; but the idea
of hesitating to inform the free intelligent people
of this country, who sustain this war, precisely
what the state of things is, and what is wanted
and what is needed to elFect'their purpose, is a
delusion and a folly. I know the people of my
own State. They are as intelligent, to say the
least of it, as any other people on the face of the
earth. There are very few men there who cannot
judge of facts before them as well as most of us.
Men have different degrees of education and in-
telligence, but our people are a reading people;
they understand things, and they support this war ';
their hearts are m it as much as ours. Let them
know, then, plainly what your necessities are.
I was very much amused by seeing in the papers
the other day an address from the Governors of
different States to the President, requesting him
to call out three hundred thousand men. They
thought they might be necessary, and therefore
they advised him to call them out and have them
ready. What does that mean? It means that the
President and Government thought that they
needed more troops; that to carry on this war we
must have them; thatour ranks have been thinned
by disease, by death, by wounds. Do we not
know it? Do not the enemy know it to-day as
well as we? Does not everybody know it? We
have got enough to defend ourselves; Ifanybody
doubts that, the thing can be settled by trying; it
has been within a few days; but we want more
men for the purposes of this war. Why not say
so at once, tell the truth why we want them, and
how soon we want them; appeal to the people;
let them know what is required for the purposes
of the country, frankly and plainly and honestly,
as equal deals with equal, as man with man. It
will meet with a response in every true northern
heart—in every northern heart; no, not every one,
_1 am sorry to say, but almost every northern heart
is true.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. -Every loyal
heart, you mean.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, every loyal heart,
and with but few exceptions, all in the North are
loyal. Sir, I put the case to myself: if I was
at home a private individual and appealed to, I
should want to know the truth, I should want re-
spect paid to my intelligence, I should want prosper
respect paid to my patriotism, I should want to
be treated as a man, as a sovereign, for here the
people are sovereigns. That is the appeal to make
to me, and I would respond to it; and as I judge
myself from the beatings of my own heart, so I
judge my neighbors and my friends and my fel-
low-citizens. Therefore, sir, I hope the existing
policy will be abandoned, and that we shall be in
the habit hereafter of speaking the truth.
Gentlemen will bear me witness that I have not
stood up here to condemn men, to quarrel with
men, with this general or that general, with this
Secretary or that Secretary, or with the President.
I respect the President of the United States; he is
my chosen President; I have stood by him, and
I shall stand by him and by those who aid him
in the administration of his Government, and by
the generals in the field, and our armies in the field.
I have done all I could and contributed all I could
to then- support. I shall continue to do so. If
they make mistakes I can forgive them. Men are
not always wise; men are not always able to do
the very best thing that can be done. Men are all
feeble. So long as they do the best they can we
can forgive them errors; I can forgive them mis-
takes; I would strengthen the hands of many again,
and bid them God speed, go on, fight and conquer
in this great battle of civilization and truth, and I
stand by you to the last; but tell me the truth al-
ways, let me know what you want, what you de-
sire, what you advise, and we are ready to con-
tribute; and at the same time that you do this let
me advise you one thing, and I advise it here from
my place, treat your enemies as enemies, as the
worst of enemies, and avail yourselves like men
of every power which God has placed in your
hands to accomplish your purpose within the rules
of civilized warltue. The man who tampers with
this question, who makes a talk about employing
negroes tor services which they can well render
and which they are able to render and ready to '
render, and which can save the lives of our friends
and brothers; the man who hesitates because they
are negroes—let me say, it makes me feel some-
times a doubt whether there is not something want-
ing after all in the heart of such a man.
Mr. President, I rose to state these two points,
not with any feeling, although my manner may
be a little excited, fluive held back a great while;
I have kept to myself all the words that I was'
prompted to utter on these points until sometimes
the struggle lias been rather more severe than I
liked to have it; but I could not consent to let this
question go without saying something upon it.
The people are called upon now substantially by
this bill to contribute more men. They are ready
to do it. You may put it in any form that you
please; but if you wish them to come with hearts
m their bosoms, as I said before, you must show
that you have some sympathy for them, and that
when you send them forth to battle, you will spare
them every pain, every suffering, every annoy-
ance, that you can possibly spare them. God
knows they have enough in the ordinary course
of human events when engaged in warfare, and in
warfare with such an enemy as we have opposed
to us.
