3202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Now, sir, with regard to the propoaition of my
honorable friend from New York, all 1 have to
say is, that in my judgment not one word can be
said against the first section of it. That section
is so plainly, palpably right, that it strikes me that
nobody can object to it. With regard to the sec-
ond section, I agree with my friend from Ohio that
if it could be modified so aa not to go quite so far,
I should like it better. For instance, I do not
want the inference drawn that I would willingly
interfere with what is called the property, and is
by the State laws the property, of a loyal man;
but there is one consolation about that; if we are
obliged to do it, every man knows that if a loyal
citizen suffers in the cause of his country he must
be paid; if a rebel suffers, we owe him nothing;
God knows these men cannot suffer so much as
they deserve.
Mr. RICE. I have only a few words to say
on this subject. I have not been present in the
Senate Chamber during the whole debate, and, of
course, I cannot follow it throughout, but I wish
in a few words to express my own views. It lias
now become a certainty with all reasonable men,
with all men, ill short, who have thought upon
this subject at all, that not many days can pass
before the people of the United States north must
decide upon one of two questions: we have either
to acknowledge the southern confederacy as a free
und independent nation, and that speedily, or we
have as speedily to resolve to use all the means
given us by the Almighty to prosecute this war
to a successful termination. The necessity for
action has arisen. To hesitate is worse than crim-
inal. We are expending the money of our citi-
zens; we are almost daily losing by sickness and
otherwise thousands of lives, and at the rate at
which that has been going on for the last few
months, it will take but a few months longer to
reduce our Army so that it will be worthless, and
to reduce the wealth of the country to such an
extent that our credit will be worthless also.
I admit that at one time I was not in favor of
employing the blacks. I did not believe it was
good policy; but I had no conscientious scruples
on the subject. But, sir, the example was set us
long ago and has been continued for years by
Great Britain. She has kept in the Canadas one
or more regiments of blacks for years, upon our
frontier, in sight of the American flag; and who,
north or south, has ever raised a question as to her
right to do so, or as to the moral effect it had upon
tho community ? We all afcquieseed in it; no one
said it was wrong; and if it was not wrong for
Great Britain to have regiments of armed blacks
to protect her frontier against us, is it wrong for
us to employ the sumo means to put down rebels?
Especially when they resort to infernal machines,
to torpedoes, to assassinations, to poison, shall we,
from any sickly motives of delicacy and mistaken
tenderness, hesitate! We have not men enough on
the Potomac to authorize an advance, and unless
wo get them soon we must cease our exertions to
maintain the integrity of the Union. God knows
we can employ no means worse than the rebels
have employed; but I would not follow their bad
example; 1 would, however, resort to all the
means that are known in civilized warfare to sup-
press this rebellion and punish the rebels. 1 would
not hesitate for a moment. I will vote for any
measure to that end.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr, Presi-
dent, tile Senator from Maine has said justly that
this bill contemplates drafting from the body of the
militia of the country a force to support the coun-
rry. This bill contemplates calling out tho militia
in case we fail to obtain tho number of men re-
quired by the present system of volunteering. In
the present condition of the country, with the great
material prosperity now pervading the country,
and with the wrecks of humanity that are floating
over the land rumcd m health in the military ser-
vice, or who have been wounded'in the field, in
view of the fact that death has entered so many
families, I believe it will be very difficult at this
time to raise, by volunteering, the number of men
necessary to support the cause of the country. It
seems to me that we need men atonce, at the earli-
est possible moment, and I doubt jf we can raise
men for the next forty days any faster than will
be necessary to supply the actual loss that will
take place during those forty days. I believe the
bill, therefore, to be necessary. It simply provides
that the President of the United States, if he calls
out the militia, shall not be limited to the time speci-
fied in existing laws, but that he may fix the time
in the call during which the militia shall serve, and
he can discharge them sooner if the exigencies of
the country will permit. The second section
simply provides that when the militia is called into
the field, its organization shall be the same as is
now provided for the volunteer forces. I think
that a necessary provision.
It may be asked why it is that we need at this
time to call for this largely additional force. It will
be remembered that at the called session of Con-
gress last summer we authorized the Government
to raise half a million of men. An amendment was
Eut in a subsequent bill, intended to limit the num-
er raised to half a million, but it could be con-
strued and was construed by the Government so
as to give the privilege to raise half a million more
men. When Congress assembled in December,
the Secretary of War reported that the Govern-
ment had raised six hundred and eighty thousand
men, one hundred and eighty thousand more than
was provided for by the acts of Congress, con-
strued as Congress intended they should be.
It will be remembered that we were often called
upon here to slate the number of troops enlisted
by the Government. The best examination that
I could give it led me to believe that the Govern-
ment had over-estimated by at least one hundred
and fifty thousand the forces they professed to
have raised, and here in the Senate 1 maintained
that the number of troops raised did not exceed
five hundred and twenty-five or five hundred and
fifty thousand. I maintained that five hundred or
five hundred andfifty thousand well-organized and
active men were, in my judgment, a sufficient force
for all the needs of the Government, and that, if
the Government had six hundred and eighty thou-
sand men in the field, it had more men than were
necessary, although I denied that we had so many
men by at least one hundred and fifty thousand. I
nevet* believed that the Government had an effect-
ive force in the field larger than five hundred and
twenty-five thousand men, and I now believe that
it did not have even that force; that the number
of effective men did not exceed half a million. 1
did not then believe, I do not nowbelieve, that the
Government had actually raised more men than it
needed, and I am sure 1 never said so. I have not
turned back to read what I have said. Words
have seemed to me, amid these great events, to be
of such little account, and deeds so important, and
I have been so pressed with work, that I have sel-
dom undertaken to revise the report of anything
I have said in the Senate, or even to read what 1
have said or what other Senators have said. The
Senate will bear me witness, the Senator from
M i nncsota upon the Committee on Military Affairs
will bear me witness, that whenever the Govern-
ment or the generals in the field have asked of
Congress or of the Military Committee anything
to carry on this war, I have been swift to obey
their wishes.
Mr. RICE. That is so.
Mr. WILSON, ot'Massachusetts. Every Sen-
ator, I am sure, will most cheerfully respond to
the words of the honorable Senator from Min-
nesota. Every Senator will, I am confident, bear
witness that I have ever been prompt to raise, or-
ganize, and press into action the military resources
of the nation. And yet, sir, while upon a bed of
sickness, I had the mortification of seeing in a
leading press in the country a statement holding
mu personally responsible for the Government's
not having more troops in the field. It was said
that I had maintained that we had more troops
than we wanted. I have never maintained that
we had more effective men than we wanted. I
maintained that the Government had notas many
men as it (irofessed to have by at least one hun-
dred and fifty thousand, and that if it had as many
as it claimed, it had more than was absolutely
necessary at that time. That is the distinction I
made; and Senators will ail remember that was
my position, and the distinction I made. I have
ever pressed upon the Administration the import-
ance of giving to General McClellan and other
generals all the forces required to meet and crush
the enemy. Now, sir, a word in regard to the
action of the Government in stopping recruit-
ing. The fact is, that for thirty days before the
order was issued closing up the recruiting sta-
tions, the recruiting had ceased altogether, and we
had not raised five hundred men for a month be-
fore that order was issued; but the machinery ex
isted, the recruiting stations existed, the expense
existed, and it was necessary to close them up,
and to devise a system of recruiting less expens-
ive to the country; for, in carrying on this war,
6very man of intelligence knows that while we
are callirig men and arming men, we must keep
our eyes upon the expenditures of the Govern-
ment, and guard the credit of the nation.
The Senator from Maine has spoken, and I was-
glad to hear him speak, of the manner in which
we have carried on this war. I trust that the ex-
perience of the last few weeks has taught the Gov-
ernment and taught our military leaders a lesson,
and that they will be swift to comprehend that
lesson. Sir, the country is flooded to-day with the
letters of your brave volunteers, men among the
living and the dead, depicting their sufferings in
swamps and ditches, toiling to build up fortifica-
tions, and their sufferings in guarding rebel prop-
erty and protecting those who were ready to as-
sassinate them or smite them down at any hour.
I say that the Government of the country and
many of the leaders of our armies, in their exces-
sive zeal to conciliate rebels and to protect the
property of rebels, have dealt hardly with the brave
soldiers who are upholding the cause of the coun-
try. I hold in my hand a letter written to a mem-
ber of the other House, placed in my hand to-
day—a letter from a gentleman whom I well know.
He says, writing to a member of the House of
Representatives:
" Toll Senator Wilson that if lie will look into the mat-
ter,he will find his regiment using cow sheds and pig styes
for hospital purposes, while large buildings filled with reb-
els are protected by them, thus degrading our own men be-
low traitors. I have seen four of the soldiers of that regi-
ment die in these places, when there were residences all
around thein where they could have had comfortable quar-
ters.51
Sir, I would not allow our volunteers to steal
rebel property. Their own good requires that
order and discipline should prevail in the Army,
even in rebel regions; but 1 would take and use
for the comfort of our gallant soldiers rebel prop-
erty.
1 have in my possession a correspondence be-
tween a Mr. Broahead, a quartermaster appointed
in the volunteer service, and a quartermaster over
him, in regard to the White House, of which so
much has been said. ■ Mr. Brodhead said that the
White House and the grounds about it ought to
be used for our sick and wounded soldiers, and
not be guarded as the property of rebels, and he
said further thathe was glad that the Government
had taken the matter in hand, and intended that
it should be so used, anH he thanked God for it.
For writing that letter he received a stinging re-
buke for having censured those who had the con-
trol of affairs, and he was removed from his place
and banished to a little station. Sir, this gener-
osity to rebels only excites their contempt.
Sir, I am for raising voluntarily every man we
can; I am for drafting the last man thatcan carry
a musket to uphold the cause of the country. I
am for fighting this battle out to a successful issue,
cost what of blood or treasure it may; but I agree
with the Senator from Maine that the rose-water
way of carrying on the war must cease; Congress
ought to demand that it shall cease. I agree with
him in another thing, and that is the necessity of
telling the truth and not deceiving the people.
We have had a censorship of the press during
the last few weeks that I believe has been most
disastious to the interests of the country, and so
it has been always. It would have been better
to allow the press to speak freely; and let the men
who conduct the press be held by the people to a
just responsibility; better let the whole truth go
to the nation and not undertake to deceive them,
for as I say to you to-day, the American people
by this process are greatly deceived with regard
to the real operations of the country in regard to
the conduct of the war. It was a saying in the
days of Napoleon that a person would lie like a
French bulletin. Sir, it appears to me that we
have an organized system of lying in this country
that is calculated to degrade and deceive and de-
lude the American people. I hope that this is to
be changed, and that we are to deal frankly with
the people, and that the truth and the whole truth
in regard to men and to measures will come be-
fore them, and in their sober second thought I
have the fullest confidence.
Now, sir, a word in regard to the amendment
