1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
You authorize by this bill the organization of
these corps; you appoint these officers to those
corps; ana m my opinion they do not add a great
deal to the expenses of the Army. I believe that
if proper men, men of experience, a re selected as
heads of these commissary and quartermaster de-
partments in these corps, having the general direc-
tion and superintendence of them, they will save
their compensation over and over again in those
departments. If improper men are selected, of
course they will not save anything. But the pre-
sumption is that the commander of thirty-five or
forty thousand men would desire to have an ad-
jutant general, an inspector general, a chief of
artillery, a quartermaster, and a commissary, and
for those five positions he would desiic to have
men he could lean upon, men of character, men
of fitness for their places. The rank given them
by this hill is certainly a very subordinate one for
those positions in a large body of men.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I am sick and
weary of attempting to resist these constant efforts
to aggrandize the Army both in pay and in rank,
and hereafter I intend to content myself with call-
ing for the yeas and nays upon the passage of
these bills. I wish to be permitted, if the Senate
please, to record my name against the passage of
this bill.
One of the arguments urged by the Senator from
Massachusetts in favor of this bill strikes me as
very singular, and that is, that the Army officers
want it. I pray to God that the day is not very
remote when this army will be removed out of
our midst, and when influences to be exerted upon
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and upon the members of this body will not
control the legislation of the country. Why, sir,
this thing of army corps is no new thing. We
have been having them in other sections of the
country. A gallant and distinguished citizen of
my State is in the command of a corps d'armee in
the State of Arkansas to-day. He has won a great
victory; he will win more. I think my relations
to that gentleman are such that if he had desired
such a staff as this, I would have known it. No
appeal has come up from the chiefs of the corps des
artnees who are actually in the field, who uie fight-
ing battles, who are rendering service to the coun-
try; but they come solely from the aristocratic
branch of the Army, that conquers its enemies by
out-camping them, by staying longer in its posi-
tion than its adversaries. They are the ones who
want these magnificent, these brilliant staffs, and
it is them that the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs seems to represent on the floor of
the Senate.
Mr. President, m my view, and I have tried to
look into the thing dispassionately, tlu-ic is not
the slightest necessity for these officers. I know
how desirable it is to these military gentlemen to
have large and brilliant staffs. Their appearance
upon parade seems much more imposing than
with a small staff; but I do not believe it is our :
interest at this time, for the sake of gratifying |
them, that we should give them the privilege of!
selecting at their will half a dozen more, or that
we should increase the pay, as this bill does, which !
the same officers are now enjoying. !
But, sir, as I said before, 1 am not going to op- '
pose this bill. I could go on and stale various
reasons why I think it ought not to be passed; :
but I shall content myself with recording my vote
against it. I therefore ask for the ypas and nays ;
on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered. , i
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am glad :
that the Senator from Iowa has come to the con- 1
elusion to ask for the yeas and nays on the pas- j
sage of this bill. I think, with all kindness and !
respect for that Senator, that his opposition to this '
bill is based on no reason whatever. The wisest :
nations of the world have organized their armies '
in a way to make them efficient. They organize •
their companies, and they have proper officers for i
those companies. They organize their battalions '
or regiments, and they have proper officers for ,
those battalions orregiments. They organize their ■
brigades with proper officers, their divisions with
proper officers, and their corps with their proper j
officers.^ Those organizations have been made, ;
not to give rank to men, not to create expenses, I
but to make those several corps most efficient for
actual service. Sir, we have our company organ- :
izations,ourregimental organizations, our brigade 1
organizations. We have organized our brigades
into divisions. We provide now by law that the
adjutant general of a major general shall beama-
jor. That is the law of the land to-day.
All or nearly all of our divisions are commanded
by brigadiers. What do we give in one of these
divisions by this bill ? We give an inspector gen-
eral, not to the general, but to the division of
thirteen thousand men, with the rank of major,
and allow him to be selected from the Army, and
the selection may come from the rank of majors.
We give him an inspector general with the rank
of major, and he may be selected fiom the majors.
We give to the commander of thirteen thousand
men three aids with the lank of captains. To
each of these divisions of thirteen thousand men,
an army larger than General Washington or Gen-
eral Scott ever led on the field, we give five staff
officers, and that is all. They need a dozen, and
they will have to make them out of orderlies or
detail them from line officers. All you allow by
this bill is five officers.
Now, you have organized the armies into corps;
and I see by the order published this morning that
each corps consists of three divisions, and those
three divisions will amount to about forty thou-
sand men. By law the commander of those corps
has no staff officers at all. He has no adjutant
general, no inspector general, no head officer of
the artillery, no head officer of the commissary
department, or the quartermaster's department.
We propose to give him a staff of eight officers,
two of them to be captains, one of them a major,
and five lieutenant colonels. These latter officers
are to be selected from the regular Army or the
volunteer forces, and they may all be selected from
men of as high rank as that given to them by this
bill, and then it will not increase the expenses of
the country. It can cost but very little in any
event. Sir, it is idle to suppose that a commander
of forty thousand men is going into the field of
action, or is in the field of action, without an ad-
jutant general, without an inspector general, or
without a chief of fifty-four picces of artillery,
without officers whom he can call around him,
and upon whom he can rely. He should have a
quartermaster, to whom he could say, <{ i want so
much movable material to move or transport this
army within so many hours; yon must have it
ready;" and that officer should be responsible for
it. He should have another, to whom he could
say, " I want so much provisions in such a place
at such a time;" and the head of the commissary
depaitmentshould be responsible for it. He wants
a man to whom he can say, " you must handle
this artillery and 1 will hold you responsible for
it;"and you ought to give him such a man. Then,
as inspector general, you want an officer who shall
go through that army and inspect the arms, equip-
ments, clothing, everything connected with the
material of the army. Such an officer, if he is the
right sort of a man, instead of spending money,
will save thousands of dollars to the country in
one of these corps. As regards an adjutant gen-
eral, the Piesident might get along withoutavSec-
retary of State as well as a commander without
an adjutant general. He is his hand, his pen; the
officer who makes hisiecord; the officer who is
by his side, and with lum all the time. This op-
position to proper division and corps staffs has
no solid foundation to rest upon; it has no reason
to support it. In other armies such officers are
given with greater rank than is proposed here.
Sir, I am not here to speak for Army officers.
They, of course, make their wishes known to me,
as officers of the Navy and Navy Department
make their wishes known to the gentlemen of the
Committee on Naval Affairs; and I take it that
committee listen to what they have to say, and
then make up their own judgments. It would be
very unwise m that committee not to hear those
officers and not to hear lhat Department. I choose
to hear what these gentlemen have to say, and
then to act according to the best lights we have
here. The commanders of divisions, the com-
manders of corps, and the commander of the
Army, all asked for much more than is allowed
them by this bill. They said it was absolutely
necessary that they should have more. We be-
lieve they can get along with this and nothing less,
and therefore we have reported this bill to give
them as little as they can get along with, without
increasing the expense to the country.
The opposition this bill has received in the
Senate convinces me that Senators do not appre-
ciate the importance of division and corps staffs.
It being a physical impossibility for the com-
mander of an army, however small, to make him-
self acquainted, by actual personal observation,
with all the details which go to make up the dis-
cipline, strength, and efficiency of his forces, it
has been found indispensable in all military orr
ganizations to intrust the personal observation of
these details to confidential subordinate officers,
who report the result of their investigations di-
rectly to the commander, thus giving him a clear
view of the most minute matters concerning the
condition of the troops. Those officers are called
the " general staff," and are subdivided and
classed in different armies, according to their
peculiar organizations.
But the duties of these staff officers arc not con-
fined to laying before the general the state of the
troops under his command. They have extensive
bureau and office duties in the preparation of cam-
paigns. They also convey to inferior commanders
the orders and so much of the designs of the gen-
eral as he may desire to communicate to them.
On the field, they not only carry orders and bring
information to the commander of the state of his
own troops and the dispositions of the enemy, but
they must be prepared to rally broken columns
and lead important attacks. Often, too, they are
necessarily intrusted with considerable discretion
as to the orders to be given in certain cases.
Duties and responsibilities of this nature require
officers of experience and fidelity, and of rank suf-
ficient to give weight and authority to their pres-
ence. These duties are second to none in the
administration of the service, and on their faithful
performance depends, in a great degree, the suc-
cess of all military undertakings.
The more extended the field of operation, and
the greater the number of troops under a single
commander, the greater must be the capacity and
number of his staff. This number is also varied
by the kind and quality of tioops forming an
army; the gicater number of staff officers being
required when the troops are irregular and want-
ing in instruction and complete organization.
Mr. COWAN. T suppose it is not necessary
that an argument should be made to the Senate
to force upon us the necessity that the Army
should be officered. We all agree upon that; but
the difficulty I have in the present contingency of
affairs is to know when this Army will be organ-
ized, when we shall ever get done with this thing.
For some two months I have lost sight of all these
military bills. I supposed a long while ago that
a comprehensive system would have been adopted
either by the War Department or by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and that a great act of
Congress would have been passed which some-
body could have read, somebody could have un-
derstood, and that there would have been the end
of it. But, sir, the trouble I have about this bill,
as well as many others that have lccently come
into this body is, that it seems to me it is never
to be done with. Every morning we are treated
to a new dish, served up in this kind of way. I
would be glad if the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs would tell us whether, if we
pass this bill, the Army will then be organized,
whether the Army will then have what it wants,
whether it will then be able to go into action?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Do you
want an answer now ?
Mr. COWAN. I do. I should like to know
that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will an-
swer the Senator by saying that early in the ses-
sion I introduced a bill here, which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, to organize
the divisions of the Army. That was before it
was proposed to organize them into corps, it
was recommended by the Secretary of War and
by General McClellan. When it came up for ac-
tion, the Senate would not permit it to pass. We
had it up several times and tried to pass it, but
we could not do it. We then reported it in a very
modified form, substantially what it now is in this
bill in regard to divisions. We had a unanimous
vote of the committee for it, and carried it through
the Senate by general concurrence. It went to
the House of Representatives. The leading men
in the Army were not satisfied with it, and so they
went to the House, represented their case, and
the House, perhaps influenced more or less by
