1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Take that away and you take away one of the
means of correcting evils that I desire should
remain.
But, sir, with the redaction of the franking priv-
ilege whatalmost necessarily follows? Take away
your corps of reporters; stop that record which is
designed for the people; close up the printing of
these documents, that the people so much prize;
close up these Agricultural Reports, which are
sought for with so much avidity by thousands and
hundreds of thousandsof trueandloyal men; close
up your investigating committees, or, rather, pre-
ventthe printing of their reports for the enlighten-
ment of the people; letus'sit in this and in the other
House with closed doors; let, in brief, the star
chamber policy characterize the legislation of 1862.
Where,sir,wasthevalueoftheCovodereport? In
its publicand wide-spread dissemination. Itwerit
direct to the people, and, like a warning voice,
aroused them to a knowledge of the wicked and
astounding corruptions lying close at the heart
of the Government. In that way it exposed to the
whole people the corruptions and infamies of the
Administration of James Buchanan. It brought
to light frauds that astonished the world, and so
disgraced that Administration that during its last
days it became so despicable that few care to re-
member it but as a warning to the future. How
were those well-bound books called the Covode
report spread before the people? They were sent
through the mails at the public expense—at the
expense of the people whose interests were so
much benefited by them.
My colleague [Mr. Washborne] is now en-
gaged upon the Van Wyck committee in ferret-
ing out and exposing to the condemnation of the
country recreant ana unworthy public servants.
Shall the report of that committee be kept in the
dark ? Shall it not be printed and distributed
among the people? Shall the people be prevented
from learning the doings of their Representatives,
and of the frauds that have been exposed as hav-
ing been perpetrated upon the Government? Abol-
ish the franking privilege, and, disguise it as you
will, such will be the inevitable effect. Abolish
the franking privilege, and you deprive the people
of a knowledge of these damning facts—a knowl-
edge of which induces and compels reforms. That
certainly was the case by the exposures of the
Covode committee. It drove from power a set of
harpies that had fastened upon the people, and
were even corrupting the ballot-box. This class
of matter should go before the people; and I am
unwilling that any policy should grow up in this
Government, however analogous to that of Great
Britain, which shall result in hiding the malfea-
sances in office of those who are in high place, or
in the Government employ.
It is for these reasons, Mr. Speaker, that I favor
the retention of the franking privilege. It is for
the purpose of getting these things to the people.
It is for the purpose of adhering to a policy long
established, and which has been the means of
much good to the people and to the Government.
Cutoff the franking privilege now, and you should
also do away with your official reporters. You
should do away with the printing of public docu-
ments, and with the folding-room. Then we may
as well sit with closed doors, and say that while
we are the Representatives of the peopleand of their
interests, that we will not consult their wishes or
heed their admonitions; and having thus, to a
great extent, cut off a direct communication with
them, we shall have made the analogy of the mode
of legislation between this and other Governments
as apparent as the gentleman desires should be
their postal systems. Let the franking privilege
be abolished, and our people, sir, will be cut off
from very much of the present sources of inform-
ation of our doings and of the doings of the Ex-
ecutive, his Cabinet officers, and the heads of
bureaus.
Mr. Speaker, I have deemed it my duty to say
this much, in order to prevent the passage of a
measure which I think is to work a grievous
wrong to the people of the United States. It is a
measure, certainly, that is opposed to the whole
policy of this free Government. I know that this
franking privilege is not a benefit to the member,
but that, on the contrary, it is a burden; but, sir,
it is a burden that we ought to be willing to bear.
I know that it will be alleged that those to whom
these documents are sent ought to be made to pay
their postage, and that it ought not to be put upon
the Government in this, its present hour of dis-
tress and embarrassment. I look upon that matter
in an entirely different light. I am unwilling,
even in this day of calamity, when dark clouds of
treason and rebellion environ us, when the very
existence of the Republic is trembling in the bal-
ances, when its sons are in thousands gathered
upon many fields for the protection of our Union
and the Constitution, to be controlled by any petty
consideration of false economy to destroy free
communication between the Government and the
people, or between the people and its Represent-
atives in these halls of Congress. Let the frank-
ing privilege, then, remain as it has been. Letus
rather make more intimate the relations between
the people and the national Legislature than to
widen the distance between them, as now seems
to be the disposition of the advocates of this bill.
I do hope and trust that the provisions of the bill
reported from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads will not pass; and that if there is
to be any modification of the law as it now exists
upon the statute-book, the House will agree to the
change proposed by the special committee on the
subject at the last Congress. That embodies the
principle of the old law and the principle I have
thrown out in these remarks. .
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I will occupy
not more than five minutes in replying to the
many speeches that have been made against this
bill. I am not surprised at the opposition to this
measure, because it will be recollected that in my
opening remarks I expressed my belief that it
would be attacked from all s'ides.
Many members, at least they say so, regard the
franking privilege as a great burden imposed
upon them, and yet, notwithstanding that decla-
ration, they, with a rare patriotism, are unwilling
to relieve themselves from it.'
I listened awhile ago to the speech of my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] to what he said
about the Covode report, and the Van Wyck in-
vestigating committee, to what was germane and
to what was not germane to this bill, with the in-
terest that I always listen to him upon every sub-
ject. One single sentence will suffice to answer
his speech, and it is this: it does not cut off the
publication of information to the people, but it
merely provides that those who receive letters and
documents shall pay for them, and that that tax
shall not be imposed upon the country at large.
That is all the bill does, and it is, 1 think, a suffi-
cient answer to the gentleman's speech.
Sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wright] declared that he believed the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads were honest
in reporting this bill to the House. I thank him
verysincerely forhis kindness; and I beg to assure
him that it is a certificate of good character which
I shall highly prize. I know that we are consci-
entious, although we may not always get credit
for it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do notcharge anything font.
Mr. COLFAX. I am aware you do not, from
the manner in which it was given.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania is in favor
of reform, but he is not exactly in favor of it in
this place. Gentlemen, we hear every day, are
m favor of reform, but they never can get before
the House the very thing upon which they can
inaugurate that reform. If it be proposed to re-
duce the salaries of members, we are told that is
not the place to begin the reform, but that we had
better wait and abolish the franking privilege; atld
now, sir, when we have come to the proposition
to abolish the franking privilege we are referred
to the measure for reducing the mileage and com-
pensation of members of Congress. With that
observation I will leave the speech of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Roscoe
Conkling] states that he is partly m favor of the
bill, and partly against it. If he had not declared
that he was in favor of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, I would have certainly inferred that
he was opposed to it. I was particularly struck
by the picture he drew of members being over-
whelmed in their offices and houses by the advent
of vast bags of public documents; and let me re-
lieve his mind by the statement that members
need not take the books if they do not want them.
The bill only provides that public documents dur-
ing the recess may be sent free to the residences
of members in order that they may then be dis-
tributed just as they would be if they had been
received in Washington, and distributed.froro this
city. It prevents the payment of doulile postage.
If members do not like that provision, I will not
object seriously to its being stricken, out. .
The gentleman also says that members would
have to decide upon what matter they shoulctpr^
pay postage, and upon what matter they, should
leave their constituents to pay the postage. For
years and years, when the prepayment of postage
was not required by law, every business man in
the country had to decide that same question—
upon what matter he should prepay the postage,
and upon what matter he should leave his corre-
spondent to pay it. With these remarks I demand
the preyious question.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question to per-
mit me to say a few words.
Mr. COLFAX. I will if the gentleman will
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. Let me make the motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. I prefer not to do so at
present.
Mr. Speaker, I have long regarded the Post
Office Department as the only Department of the
Government whose benefits are brought home di-
rectly to the people, or which are felt directly by
the people; and I know of no reason why this De.
partmentof the Government, one which is known
to be beneficial to every portion of the community
and every individual in the community, should be
expected to pay its expenses any more than any
other and every other Department of the General
Government should do it. It would be very desir-
able to have the Department of State, or the War
Department, or the Navy Department, orany other
Department pay the amount of its disbursements,
instead of making them a tax, directly or incident-
ally, upon the people.
But there is no reason, I suggest—none has ever
been urged, nor can any possibly be urged—why
the Department of the Post Office shall be required
to pay all its expenses by a direct tax upon the
people, falling upon them through the agency of
that Department, when the expenses of other
Departments may fall upon the country at large.
This, at best, is but an attempt at a very small
reform. I know of no constituency which have
demanded it. None. If there be any gentleman
upon this floor whose people have demanded of
him that this reform shall be advocated and pushed
to a vote, I should like to hear from him. I know
of none; I have heard of none, even through the
columns of the newspapers. But I know that it
does come up through the cry of the demagogue
to secure a little capital, and the large newspapers
to control information. They say that members
of Congress have large benefits. In my opinion
there are no public officers who have fewer benefits
conferred upon them, either in the shape of sala-
ries, mileage, or franking privilege, than members
of Congress; and all those combined, in my judg-
ment, make to a member of Congress but a poor
and inadequate compensation.
But I would not care if every newspaper in the
country should demand the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; I would vote in the first instance
against it, because I know its abolition would be
largely-detrimental to the public interest. Sir, it
strikes at the very foundation of free discussion
here in the examination of public measures. It
strikes at the very root of that, I repeat. How
will you circulate the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, and the various documents which your
investigating committees issue to the world? You
haveatonce to stop the congressional press, or bur-
den the people with the transmission of the intelli-
gence which you yourselves say shall be communi-
cated to them. Why, sir, this is the very thing
which we, the free Representatives of the North,
have heretofore resisted when it has been brought
up by a vote of the Representatives of the extreme
southern States—by those who are now in open
rebellion against the constituted authorities. It
was the chief policy of those gentlemen first to cut
off the franking privilege, and secondly, to pre-
