3204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
only two principal matters in the measure pro-
posed about which there is much difference of
opinion. The one is the employment of the negro
in all camp aild military labor, and the other is
niacin" arms in his hands, and forming him into a
portion of the soldiery of the United States in the
war. To the first proposition I have no objection,
and never had any, but to the second I am utterly
opposed, and will ever be opposed. If as humble
an individual as myself might be allowed to imag-
ine that 1 was a gyieral in the field, and if my field
of service was where there were slaves, and the
labor of slaves could be made advantageous to the
army of which X was in command, one of my first
thoughts would be to employ it to the full extent
that it was necessary. Whatdo we learn is going
on now opposite Vicksburg, on the Mississippi
river? Vicksburg is located at the extreme north-
ern position of a peninsula made by a great bend
in the river. Around the bend is some twenty
miles, and across it only four hundred or five hun-
dred or six hundred yards. We read in the news-
papers that the commander of the army there has
employed one thousand or two thousand negroes
to cut a ditch across the head of that peninsula,
with a view to change the channel of the Missis-
sippi river from Vicksburg, and throw it off south
four or five miles.
Mr. RICE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a, question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. RICE. I wish to know if General Wash-
ington did not put arms into the hands of negroes,
and if General Jackson did not, and if the Senator
has ever condemned either oi those patriots for
doing so?
Mr. DAVIS. I will treat of that point pres-
ently, Mr. President. I have heard no objection
on the part of any Union man to the employment
of negroes to dig a canal that shall change the
channel of the Mississippi river. I neverheard
any Union man in my State or out of it object to
the use and the appropriation of negroes by the
United States Government, just as other property
is applied to their military purposes. The whole
of their remonstrance and protest has been against
making a discrimination between that and other
property by the laws of Congress or by the policy
of the war, as the President or his generals might
carry it on. When a general is commanding m
the field, and he has occasion for the labor of
horses and oxen, what does hedo? He impresses
them into the service of the Army of the United
States, and nobody objects. Just so, if that gen-
oral may need the services of negroes for the pur-
pose of fortifying, or ditching, or rendering any
other labor in his camp,.or any service whatever,
especially that kind which would shield and pro-
tect and save the life of the white soldier, I think
that general in command would be perfectly au-
thorized so to employ the negro, and I have never
heard any man object to such employment; cer-
tainly 1 never made any such objection as that
myself. And all this would be done by order of
the President, or by our generals commanding,
without any act of Congress to authorize it. But
when the general has done with the negto, and
tile negro is no longer useful in his camp for the
purpose of labor, or for any other useful purpose,
let him bo discharged, sent away like other prop-
erty. I protest against placing arms in his hands
and making a soldier of him; and to that line of
policy I never will give my consent; nor will my
people, although it may be regoided as a matter
of very little importance in this Senate what they
or I think in relation to this or any other moastue
of policy ot' the dominant party. If the Suite of
Kentucky was polled upon the proposition of
placing arms m the hands of negroes, I have no
doubt to-day that nine hundred and ninety-nine
out of every thousand, yea, I believe the thou-
sandth man would vote against it, and enter up
his must solemn lemonstrance against it.
Has it come to this, Mr. President, that we can-
not command white soldiers enough to fight our
battles to put down this rebellion ? Whenever we
authorize by law of Congress the enrollment of
negro soldiers for that purpose, we admit that the
white man is whipped m the contest, and that he
cannot come out conqueror without making an
auxiliary of the negro. I protest against any such
degrading position as that. Our countrymen aie
not reduced to it; and sooner than the white men,
the citizens and sovereigns of (he United States,
would submit to so humiliating an admission as
that, one million of additional soldiers would be
ready to rush to the battle-field. I believe that if
this measure was passed it would weaken oui
Army-; it would weaken the cause of the Union
and of the legitimate Government in this contest
tenfold as much as it would strengthen it.
Sir, I know the soldiery of the North west. -I hey
want no negro auxiliaries in this war; they would
feel themselves degraded fighting by their side.
They feel that the white race are amply strong m
numbers, in courage, in all the elements of a mar-
tial people, to bring this contest to aclose without
the ignominy of enlistipg the negro as a fellow-
soldier. I deny that in the revolutionary war there
ever was any considerable organization of negroes.
I deny that in the war of 1812 there was ever any
organization of negro slaves. I admit that through
both those wars, and in the Mexican war, and also
in the present war, there have been negro slaves
that were waiters upon masters in the armies in
whose hands in battle arms have been placed, and
who used those arms; but they were in only a
very few and exceptional cases an organized sol-
diery. In the battle of Wild Cat, the first battle
that was fought in the State of Kentucky, there
were three or four officers there who had then-
body servants with them—negroes. It was a
severe little skirmish, and our troops were hard
pressed to beat back the foe, and arms were placed
in the hands of three or four negroes, and they
took part in the battle. If I had been there, the
commander, I would have put arms in their hands
for the same purpose under thatexigency, but not
that they should continue to hold them.
I know the negro well; I know his nature. Pie
is, until excited, mild and gentle; he is affection-
ate and faithful, too; but when his passions have
been inflamed and thoroughly aroused, you find
him a fiend, a latent tiger fierceness in his heart,
and when he becomes excited by a taste of blood
he is a demon. Such is the -nature of the race;
and there never was a servile insurrection in the
world where it did not manifest that nature. In
the Southampton insurrection a few years ago in
Virginia the negroes displayed the nature which
I have imputed to them. I admit that they do
-not spring to acts of cruelty and ferocity at once.
They have to be schooled awhile to prepare them;
they come to such acts step by step, as they did
in the island of St. Domingo. When the French
philosophers and philanthropistsintcrfercd in the
affairs of that island, under the teachings of the
Abbe Gregoire, it was first for the mulattoes of
the island, who were about equal to one third of
the African race. The entire African and mixed
race, and especially the slaves, were peaceful,
placable, manageable,and manifesting no inclina-
tion to deeds of violence and blood.
Mr. WILKINSON. As the Senator from Ken-
tucky talks of the inhumanity of the negro, I
wish to remind him of the proclamation which
General Jackson issued after the battle of New
Orleans, complimenting his negro soldiers for the
manner in which they had conducted themselves.
The Senator from Kentucky seems to think that
negroes are inhuman and barbarous when they
once smell blood. General Jackson disagreed
with him radically on this point, and General
Jackson, I think, had more experience in this
matter than the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Or you either.
Mr. WILKINSON. On this point.
Mr. DAVIS. Or any other.
Mr. WILKINSON. I send to the desk and
ask to have read, first the proclamation of General
Jackson to the negroes, calling for their services,
and then the proclamation that he issued to them
afterwards, in which he complimented them.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Headquarters, Seventh Military District,
Mobile, September 21, 1&14.
To the fiee colored inhabitants of Louisiana :
Through a mistaken policy you have been heretofore de-
prived ofapaiucipation in thcglouous stiugglefor national
lights in which our country is engaged. Tins no longer
shall exist.
As sons of freedom you aie now culled upon to defend
our most inestimable blessing. As Americans, youreoun-
try luok* with confidence to her adopted children foi a val-
oions support, as a faithful return for the advantages en-
jouxl under her mild and equitabie government. As fathers,
husbands, and brothers, you are summoned to rally around
the standard of the eagle to defend all which is dear in ex-
istence.
Your country, although calling for your exertions, does
not wish you to engage in her cau«e without icnuincraiiiig
you for the services rendered. Your intelligent minds are
not to be led away by false representations. Your love ot
honor would cause you to despise the man wno should at-
tempt to deceive you. With the sincerity of a soldier ami
the language of tiuth t address you. .
To every noble-hearted fieeman of color volunteering to
serve during the present contest with Great Britain, and no
longer, there will be paid the same bounty, in money and
lands now received by the white soldiers of the United
States, namely, $124 in money, and one hundred and sixty
acres of land. The non-commissioned officers and privates
will also be entitled to the same monthly pay, daily rations,
and clothes, furnished to any American soldier.
On enrolling yourselves in companies, the major general
commanding will select officeis for youi government- tram
vour white fellow-citizens. Your non-comimssioned offi-
cers will be appointed from among youisolves.
Due regard will be paid to the feelings of ireemen and
soldiers. You will not, by being associated with white men
in the same corps, be exposed to improper companion or
unjust sarcasm. A<* a distinct, independent battalion or
regiment, pursuing the path of glory, you will, undiv ided,
receive the applause and gratitude of your countiymen.
To assure you of the sincerity of my intentions, and my
anxiety to engage your invaluable services to our country,
1 have communicated my wishes to the Governor of Lou-
isiana, who is fully informed as to the manner of enroll-
ment-* and will give you every necessary information on
Te" abject of tins addiess. ANDREW JACKSON,
Major General Commanding.
The following was issued after their service
had been rendered:
" Soldiers ! from tlie shores uf Mobile I collected you to
arms; I invited you to share in the perils and to divide the
elory of your white countrymen. 1 expected much troni
you, fori was not uninformed of those qualities which muii
render you so formidable to an invading foe. I knew that
vou could endure hunger and thirst, and all the hards-hips
of war. I knew that you loved the land of your nativity,
and that, like ourselves, you had to defend all that i  most
dear to man ; but you surpass my hopes. I have found in
you, united to those qualities, that noble enthusiasm which
impels to great deeds."
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, we see to
whom they were addressed. Not to slaves, but to
free colored people, and they were colored people
because they were principally mulattoes. New
Orleans and a great part of Louisiana, we know,
at that time, abounded in a French population,
and there a large element, particularly in New
Orleans, partly negro and psirtly French, and
many of those people were well educated, many
of them were engaged in mercantile business, in
mechanic aits, and in other industrial pursuits,
and were men of thriftand had acquired property.
They were men of intelligence and consideration
in Louisiana. What did Old Hickory do ? When
he was there with an army of some five or six
thousand men to defend " the beauty and booty"
of Now Orleans against twelve thousand of Wel-
lington's veterans who had come flushed from
the conquest of Spain, ready, as they thought, to
take possession of Louisiana, Jackson acted just
as any sensible man would under the circum-
stances. He saw that the host that was opposed
to him numbered two or three times his own army,
and for the purpose of strengthening himself, he
called upon the free negroes and fiee mulattoes of
the city of New Orleans and of the State of Lou-
isiana to rally to his standard to aid in repelling
the invading foe from the common homes of them-
selves and the white race; and after they had given
gallant assistance, he had, not the magnanimity,
but the simple justice, to make a proper acknowl-
edgment of their services.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; excuse me if you please.
Let me make my lemat-ks now, and you can fol-
low me when 1 get through. I have given you
time to read two proclamations, and 1 think that
is as much courtesy as ought reasonably to be
asked.
In the extreme stress that was then upon Lou-
isiana, the commanding general did not propose
a conscription for all the slaves, or any of them,
much less to emancipate them, but summoned the
free colored people to assist ill beating back a
common foreign foe.
Now, sir, I consider that the Union and the
Constitution have three deadly enemies, and I am
for making war upon them in the order in which
I name them. The first are the secessionists of
the South; the secondare the abolitionists of the
North, who would emancipate the slaves, regard-
less ofthfe Constitution, and though that was sacri-
ficed to enable them to effect their object; the third
is Jolm Bull. I want first to fight the secession-
ists at the South, and to compel them#to a proper
obedience to the Constitution and the laws, and
afterwards to hold out to them such a just and
liberal policy as will create a Um^n party in the
southern States, not hoping to draw to it any of
