262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
vent the publication of the documents which are
annually issued here.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania a question. Bid
you ever know a secessionist in this House who
was not in favor of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege ?
Mr. HJCKMAN. I never did.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Nor I.
Mr. COLFAX. As the memory of the gentle-
man is at fault, I will draw his attention to the
speech of the gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. Mill-
son,) now in the rebel States, and who I under-
stand acquiesces in supporting their policy.
A Voice. He is no secessionist.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. He was the sound-
est man of all those States for along time.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Winslow, of North Caro-
lina, I understand, was another.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think it may be said to be
true, at least such is my conviction, that it has
been a choicc measure with southern secession-
ists to stop the public printing, the issues of the
Daily and Congressional Globe, and the abolition
of the franking privilege, believing that the North
had large advantages over the South through the
transmission of intelligence in this way. i think
this fact itself gives us an important lesson upon
that point, and directs us in the way in which out-
votes should be cast.
But, sir, I object to this upon another ground.
As I stated, thisns small economy. It is saving
the pennies while we are lavishing our dollars.
I want to see a reform entered into in the right
direction, and not in the wrong direction. I want
gentlemen here who are so anxious to save the
Government half a million a year to inquire into
thepurchascof ships,ofhorses,of beef, of proven-
der, of arms, by which tens and twenties of millions
are squandered. I want inquiries to be directed
into subjects in general upon which every mem-
ber upuu this floor has some knowledge, more or
loss. When we strike at the root of the evil, I
shall be willing to trace it up to the branches and
extremities as far as it is possible; but I despise
little reforms where large reforms arc demanded.
Why, sir, this is trifling with the public; it is
trilling with the people of the United States. We
think to direct their attention away from the great
evils with which the country is environed, and to
satisfy them with assurances that we have abol-
ished the franking privilege, by which a member
may transmit twenty or thirty dollars' worth of
papers a year free of postage.
But I have not yet, Mr. Speaker, been enabled to
understand exactly thc^round upon which the abo-
lition of this privilege is based. T am not entirely
certain that it is put upon the ground of revenue,
or whether upon that of labor-saving to the mem-
ber who exercises the privilege. If it be upon tiie
ground of labor upon the member, is there any
reason why they should not bear that labor as they
bear other labois which are imposed upon them
by virtue of their olKce ? But, sir, it was not con-
ferred upon a member because it was to be a spe-
cial benefit to him. By no means. I do not regard
this privilege as a benefit to me, but I do regard
it as a benefit to my constituents generally. Why,
sir, look at it. There is not one letter in ten, I
apprehend, written by a member of Congress that
has reference to his individual business. It is upon
the business of the country, or it has reference to
the business of his people.
Now, suppose I receive a letter to-day from the
Postmaster Geneial making inquiry of me as to
the propriety of appointing a certain gentleman
postmaster at a particular place, or the establish-
ment of a post office or a post route. I have no
information upon the subject. In the first place
the Postmaster General pays the postage to me.
In the next place I have to write home to obtain
(he information he desires, and I have to pay the
postage to the individual to whom I write. It is not
his business; it is not my business; it is the bus-
iness of the Government, and the Government
ought to pay the postage. After I have paid the
postage to him, and subjected him to the trouble of
making the inquiries for the benefit of the Govern-
ment, when he writes to me he pays the postage,
and when the letter comes to me,unless I choose to
walk half a mile or more to deliver the information
personally to the Postmaster General, I write to
him and pay the postage, and in this way a circle
of postages is foinied paid by parties who have
no interest in the matter, and when the whole cor-
respondence is in connection with Government i
business.
I say I believe that nine tenths of the mail i
matter transmitted by members of Congress is !
directed at the instance of the Government, or I
for the transmission of political information to the j
people. As far as my knowledge extends, and j
that is limited, I would state that there is not a
State in the Confederacy which does not allow |
the free tiansmission of just such matter as we |
here are allowed to send, through the use of the |
franking privilege, to our people. I do not say j
it is sent without the payment of postage, but that ]
the postage upon letters and printed matter and
whatever they choose to send is paid by the State.
The burden falls upon the State, but no burden
falls upon the individuals concerned in the com-
munication. We are going ahead of the usage
of the States. If we arc required to abolish the
franking privilege, in accordance with a reforni
sentiment of the people, then let the people begin
the reform at home, and require the members of
their different State Legislatures to pay their own
postage, and not charge their States.
In these remarks I say nothing with reference
to the abuses of the franking privilege; I know
that they are very great, and I know that they
require reform; just how they should be reformed,
it is not for me to say; but I wish to say this, that
to allege that there are 'abuses existing under a
system is never an argument against the system
itself. It is not forany gentleman here to say that
the members of this House abuse the franking
privilege. It is for the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, lfthey shall be satisfied that those
abuses exist, to propose some mode of reform;
and if we find it impossible in the end to effect a
reform of abuses, t'hen they may have a better
ground for urging the abolition of the privilege
itself.
Mr. Speaker, in the remarks which I have made
I have indicated my opposition to the abolition of
the franking privilege. I had many other argu-
ments. Thuy have been touched upon more or
less by other gentlemen who have spoken, and I,
therefore, do not deem it proper to refer to them.
If, however, it shall be the determination of this
House to abolish the franking privilege, or essen-
tially to change it, then I prefer the bill reported
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, with a few verbal and almost immaterial
alterations.
Mr. COLFAX. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 ask thegentleman toallow
me to move an amendment to the resolution of
instruction. I do not desire to debate it against
the wish of the gentleman.
Mr. COLFAX. I will yield to the gentleman
to offer an amendment, but not to make a speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no desire to make any
speech. I offer the following amendment to the
instructions proposed by the gentleman from New
York, [Mi. Pomeroy:]
At the end of the fir^t instruction inseit:
Saving the piivilojje to publishers to send tree of postage
their new^papei* and peuodicaK, and the bills ami the ie-
ccipts thoiefoi, as now provided by law.
Mr. COLFAX. Idonotthink that amendment
is necessary, for the bill does not strike at that
law.
Mr. BINGHAM. The instructions strike at
it directly.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to lay the bill and the
amendments on the table; and on that motion I
call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Allow me to inquire what
will be the effect of that motion if it prevails?
Will it prevent further action by the House upon
this subject?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to lay the
whole subject upon the table.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will that prevent the
House hereafter from passing a bill on this subject?
The SPEAKER. The House must determine
that question, not the Speaker.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Me«sr<. Aldrtrb, Allen, Joseph Baily, Baxter,
Siddie, Francis P. Clair, Cobb. Con way, Cooper, Cox, Crib-
field, Diven, .Diiniap, EdwauU, English, Gooch, Goodwin,
Gttrley, Hal", HancbeU. Hickman, Hooper, Johnson, Wil-
liam K' iiogg, Knapp, Law, Lascar, Leaiy. Lovejoy, Mai-
lory, Marston, Maynnid, Mcnzlop, Morris*, Nnrjon, Olin,
Pendleton, Kobinson, EdwaidII. Uollni-*. James Rollins,
Sherman, William G. Steele, VdJIamhiilu'n. Vamb-vn,
Wad-worth, Wallace, Wu^hbuine. Albeit b. While, (Jlnt-
ton A. White, WoodiuiT, and Wright—31.
NAYS—Me*srs. Ai ley, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith F. Bailey, Cakei, lieaman, Bingham, Jacob B.
Blair, Samuel B. Bla.i,Blake, George H. Biowuc, I3ufihito ,
Calvert,Campbell, Ohamhcrlin, Colfax, Fjodiviek A. Conk-
ling, Cravens, Davi>, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Eliot, Fcnton,
Fessenden, Franchot, Fiank, Granger, Grider, Harmon,
Ilolman, Horton, Hutchius Julian, Kellcy, Francis VV.
Kelloirc, Lansing, Loomirf, McICcan, McKnight, McPber-
son, May,Mitchell, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Odell,
Fatton, Pike, Pomeioy, Poitei, Potter, John H. Rice, Rid-
dle, Sargont, Sodtjwick, Shanks, Sloan, John B. Steele,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis Thomas, Train, Trimble,
Tiovrlmdgc, Upton. Van Horn, Van Valkcnburgh, Van
Wyck, Vcrrec, Vibbard, Chailes Walton, E. P. Walton,
Webster, Wiekliffe, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—'79.
^So the House refused to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. F. A. CONKLINGstated that Mr. Haigiit
had been compelled by sickness to leave the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE made a similar statement
with reference to Mr. Logan.
Mr. NIXON made a similar statement with
reference to Mr. Stratton.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, announced that
Mr. Perry was confined to his room by indispo-
sition.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that Mr.
Smith was sick.
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Delano was absent
in consequence of sickness.
Mr. CRAVENS made a similar announcement
with reference to Mr. Vooriiees.
Mr. HUTCHINS announced that Mr. Edgeu-
ton was confined to his room by indisposition.
Mr. UPTON announced that Mr. Wiialey
was sick.
Mr. ROBINSON stated that Mr. Richardson
had been obliged to leave the House on account
of sickness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, on motion of Mr. WASH-
BURNE, the House (at ten minutes after four
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 10, 3862.
Prayer bylhe Chaplain, Rov. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 6th instant, information in relation to the ap-
pointment of brigade sutler of the brigade com-
manded by Gencial Daniel E. Sickles; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter of the Secretary of the Territory of New
Mexico, transmitting acopy of the executive pro-
ceedings, and a copy of the laws enacted during
the last session of the Legislative Assembly of that
Territory; which were referred to the Committee
on Territories.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Warren, in the State of Massachusetts, pray-
ing for the total abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Tomp-
kins county, State of New York, praying for the
total abolition of slavery throughout the country;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of the State of Pennsylvania, praying that homoe-
opathic surgeons may be appointed surgeons in
the Army and Navy; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the Board of
Trade of the city of Philadelphia, remonstrating
against the establishment of a mint at New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLLAMER presented a petition of cit-
izens of Springfield, Vermont, praying that the
proposition of Messrs. Ellis, Button, and Eaton,
