1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to furnish employment to liberated negroes, pay
be accepted; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citizens
of Tidionte, Pennsylvania, praying the total abo-
lition of slavery throughout the country; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILKINSON presented two petitions of
citizens of Minnesota, praying the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE presented four petitions of the cit-
izens of Wisconsin, praying that some point on
Fox river, between Lake Winnebago and Green
Bay, in that State, may be selected as a site for
a national armory and foundery; which we e re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia. " 9
He also presented a memorial of the Fox and
Wisconsin Improvement Company, tendering to
Government land and water power on the lower
Fox river, free of cost, as a site for an armory;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWNING- asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
146) to provide for the establishment of a military
post at duincy, Illinois; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
147) granting public lands in alternate sections to
the State of California, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said State; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
CONSULS AND COMMBECIAL AGENTS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the resolu-
tion which I offered yesterday, and which was
laid over at the instance of the Senator from New
Hampshire, in regard to consuls and commercial
agents.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved* That the Secietary of State he directed to com-
municate to the Senate the number, names, and residences
of all consuls and commercial agents appointed under the
act of August 2, 1861, entitled "An act to increase the con-
sular repicsentation of the United States during the present
insurrection," and to what place appointed ; also, that he
furnish to the Senate a statement showing what incteat-e
has been made to the compensation of consuls in foreign
ports, to what consuls, and at what port?.
The resolution was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 26)
explanatory of the act entitled "An act to increase
the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar," approved
24th December, 1861; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President.
PJSltSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I send to the Secre-
tary's desk the New York Herald of yesterday,
and ask that the passage which I have marked be
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
4<The Senate ii.is been engaged to-day in discussing a
very profitless subject, namely, whether Senatoi Lane was
a brigadier general at the last session of Congress, and
whether Mi. Stanton could have legally been considered
his successor at that session, when cvmy Senator know-?
that the whole matter has been settled bv the formal nom-
ination of Lane to the Senate at tnis session as a brigadier j
general, and that lie lias sent his resignation as, Senatoi to
the Kansas Legislature. The Senators seem to be engaged
in discussing a dead horse, instead of meeting the live ques-
tion immediately before them — whether the regular ap-
pointee of Goveriioi Robinson shall have his seat, or whether
they will be able to stave Stanton oft' to please Lane until
the Kansas Legislature meets next week, when it is hoped
by the friends of Lank that the legislative machinery of
Kansas will secure the reelection of the latter, or one of
his fuends. This is a small business for the Senate of the
United States."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I de-
sire to state to the Senate that, having the evidence
of Colonel Weer now ready to be laid before the
body, I am very anxious that the vote shall be
taken upon the question, and it is not true that I
desire to postpone action. The Legislature of Kan-
sas meets in regular session next Tuesday, and I
earnestly desire the vote taken before that day.
1 have not tendered my resignation to the Gov-
ernoror Legislature of Kansas, nor have I accepted
the brigadier generalship lately tendered to me by
the President and Senate; nor do I intend to ac-
cept it until I have formally resigned my seat in
this body, of which this body will have full notice.
I desire to say one other thing, Mr. President.
I have no personal hostility towards my contest-
ant except that which arises from the attempt to
declare my seat here vacant four days after I took
it. It is natural, of course, that 1 should have
some feeling; but I have,endeavored to bear my-
self in this contest so a£ not to exhibit it to the
Senate or to any one else.
EXPULSION OF SENATORS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the resolution
reported back by the Committee on the Judiciary
yesterday for the expulsion from the Senate of
Waldo P. Johnson, a Senator from the State of
Missouri.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the consideration
of that subject be assigned for two o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
take up the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, which
was submitted by Mr. I^oot, on the 10th day of
December last:
Resolved, That Waldo P. Johnson, a Senator fiom the
State of Missouri, by his sympathy with audi participation in
the rebellion against the Government of the United States,
has been guilty of conduct incompatible with his duty and
station as a Senator; and that he be therefore, and hereby
is, expelled from the Senate of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the report of
the committee in reference to Mr. Johnson be read;
and I will state to the Senate, while I am on my
feet,before it is read,that there was no difference
of opinion in the committee in regard to this case,
and I presume it will take no time. It has been
suggested to me that there is not a quorum pres-
sent, and that, as it requires a two-thirds vote to
expel a Senator, it will be necessary to take the
question by yeas and nays. I have been noticing
the Senate, and I have seen that a number ofSen-
ators have been here and have left the Chamber
since we have met I think it will be found that,
including those in the ante-rooms and about the
building, there is a quorum here. I can name
several who have been on the lloor during the
last half hour who are not now in the Senate
Chamber, and I think, by the time the report is
read, we shall be able to get a quorum.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
a resolution foi the expulsion from the Senate of Waldo P.
Johnson, a Senator from the State of Missouri, submit the
following report:
Previous to his election to the Senate, Mr. Johnson was
known, in Missouri, as entertaining secession proclivities,
and to sympathize and cooperate with the prominent citi-
zens of that State who are now m open rebellion against
the Government. lie was elected to the Senate byaLegis-
latnre which has since sought to array the State against the
Union. Since his election he is repoited to have made a
.speech evincing a spirit hostile to the Government, which
speech was extensively published in the State of Missouri
without public contradiction from him. He has not ap-
peared in his seat in the,Senate since the session began ;
and though the resolution for his expulsion was proposed in
the Senate on the 10th day of December, and referred to this
committee on the ISthday of December, l8Gl,and has been
extensively published in Mitsouu and other paits of the
Union, the said Johnson has wholly failed to furnish any
reason for his absence, or explanation of the charges of
disloyalty uiged against him.
The laihnt' of said Joh on for so long a period to appear
in hi'v place to discharge the hiuh duties incumbent upon
him for the preservation o( the Kepuhlic in this time ot re-
bellion against itsauthouty,and li is silence under the impu-
tations upon his loyalty, winch, from then publicity, could
not have escaped his notice if within aloval poition of the
Union, of themselves furnish strong piesumptive grounds
against hi* fidelity to the Government.
JIis whmeaboms at this time the committee have been
unable, with actual certainty, to ascertain. They aie sat-
isfied that, had he been so di^po-ed, thoie was nothing to
plev ;nt his attendance on the Senate at its commence-
ment ; and when last heard fiom. he was repoited to have
gone voluntanly within the line:- of rebels in arms against
the Government. ;
Under the«.e circumstances, the committee are of the opin- ;
ion that he ought to be expelled fiom the body, and they
aceotdingly report the resolution back to the Senate, with
a leeonimcndation that it do pa.^«. ,
Mr. T3AYARD. I think it but right to the Sen- !
ate to state the ground on which I concede that
this resolution ought to pass. For my own part
I have read loo much of the past history of the
world to condemn men merely for opinions, how-
ever widely they may differ from my ora j but aicts
are another thing. The evidence in this case sat-
isfied me that Mr. Johnson had left the TJni^d
States clandestinely, and that every rational pre-
sumption was that he had gone to the confederate
States, who now are at open war with the United *
States. Under these circumstances, I have no-
hesitation in giving my vote for his expulsion as
a member of this body. . .
Mr. POWELL. I merely wish to .remark
the Senate that I was controlled in committee by
the very reasons which have been stated by the"
Senator from Delaware, and shall goverh-my vote
accordingly.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Senators will, as
their names are called, answer yea'-
Mr.TRUMBULL. Iinquirewhether,byunan-
imous consent, we cannot dispense with the call-
ing of the yeas and nays.
Mr. POWELL. I think so.
Mr. HALE, Mr. FESSENDEN, and others.
Oh, no; it is better to call them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Senators prefer to have
the yeas and n$ys called, and I shall make no
objection.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 0; as "follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bright, Browning,
Carlile, Chandler, Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fes-
senden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howe,John-
son of Tennessee, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Nesmith,Pomeroy,Powell, Rice, Saulsbury,Sher-'
man, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—35.
NAYS—0.
So the resolution was agreed.to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I rise for the purpose of
moving to call up the resolution reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, yesterday, recom-
mending the expulsion of Trusten Polk from
his seat in the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask that the report be read.
I will merely state that thecommittee unanimously
agreed to the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the resolution of the Senate for the expulsion of Trusten
Polk, a Senator from the State of Missouri, report:
That it appears, to the satisfaction of the committee, that
Trusten Polk recently, and since the commencement of
the present rebellion, in a letter transmitting pecuniary
means to aid in the publication of a secession newspaper in
southwestern Missouri, among other disloyal and treason-
able expressions, used the following:
"Dissolution is now a fact; not only a fact accomplished
but thrice repeated. Everything hero looks like inevitable
and final dissolution. Will Missouri hesitate a moment to
go with her southern sisters? I hope not. Please let me
hear from you. I would be glad to keep posted as to the
condition of things in southwestMissouri. 1 like Governor
Jackson's position, it looks like adherence to the' Jack-
son resolutions.'"
That a copy of this letter was published in full in the
Congressional Globe of the J9rh of December last, the day
after the resolution of expulsion, in this case, was intro-
duced in the Senate, and has, also, both before and since
that time, been published and refcrted to in several other
newspapers in Missouri and elsewhere, and widelv circu-
lated throughout the country, which publication could
hardly have tailed to come to the notice of Senator Polk;
and yet neither he, nor any other person in bis behalf, has
appeared before the committee to deny the authenticity of
the letter referred to, or attempted m any other way to deny
or explain it, so far a> the committee are aware—a course
of conduct deemed to he wholly incompatible with the idea
of his innocence, since an innocent man, in his position, ac-
cording to the tir^t impulses of a true and loval heart, would
not have suffeied a moment to elapse without flying to his
place to deny, if false, so grave and foul a charge.
That besides this he has not only failed to appeal in Ins
seat duiing the whole tune ot the continuance of the pres-
ent action, now a pci iod of six weeks, to porfoim his- duty
to his State and to the Union, on an occasion of the great-
est possible urgency, when, the votes a^ well a> counsel of
cvciy true and lovai Senator weie eminently needed in pro-
viding for the public welfaie and putting down a fierce
rebellion, threatening the very existence of tlie Union, bur,
on the contrary, as the committee are fully satisfied on in
formation derived from reliable official and other sources in
Missouri, has left his home in St. Louii and gone clandes-
tinely within the hues of the enemy now in open, armed
lebellion against the United States-, whosc'Constitution he,
as Senator, has solemnly sworn to support.
The committee, under this state of iacts, are of opinion
that justice to the Senate, to rid its roll of his name, as
well as the Chamber of his presence; justice to theState of
Missouri, whose high commission he has dishonored; and
justice to the Union, winch lie has sought to betray, all
require thai he should no longer continue a member of this
body.
They therefore respectfully report the resolution for the
