1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2245
report. After referring to the treatment of our sick
and wounded on the field and in the hospitals, the
committee say:
"Revolting as these disclosures are, it was when the
commmec tame to examine witness m refcieneo to the
tieatmem of our heroic dead that the fiendish spirit of the
rebel leaders was most ptommently exhibited. Daniel
Bi\hy, jiof Washington, testifies that he went out in
company with G. A. Smart, of Cambudge, iU.es-Naehusetts,
who went to search (or the body of hi* brother, wlio fell at
Blackburn's Ford in the action of the 18th of July. They
found the grave. The clothes were identified as those of
his brother on account of v>me peculiarity m the make, for
they had been made by hi* niothei; and, m oider to ident-
ify them, other clothes made by her were taken, that they
mnrht compare them.
"' Wo found no head m the grave, and no bones of any
kind—notiiingbut the clothes and portionsol theflesh. We
found the remains of three other bodies all togethei. The
clothe weie theie; some fle-h was left, but no hones.'
The witness also states that Mis. Pierce Butler, who lives
near the place, said that '"lie had seen the iebcls boilin*
portion* of the bodies of our dead in oider to obtain their bones
as relies. They could not wait lor them to decay. rflie said
that she had been diuuisticks made ofk Yankee shinbones,'
as they called them. Mrs. Butler also stated that she had
seen a skull that one or the New Orleans, aitilleiy had,
which, lie said, ho was going to send homo and have
mounted, and that he intended to drink a biandy punch out
of it the da> he was mauied.-' * * * *
" : VVhiln dinging then;, a party of soldiers came alom?
and showed us a part of a shnibone, five or six inches long,
which had the end sawed off. They said they had found
it, among many othci pieces,in one of thecabinstheiebeJs
had debited. From the appearancc of it. picccs had been
sawed off to make finger-rings. As soon as the negroes no-
ticed this, they said that the rebels had had ungs made of
the bones of oui dead, and that they had them lor sale in
their camp? When Di Swahn saw the bone, he said it
was a part of the shmbone ot a man. The soldiers icpie-
sented that there were lots of these bones scattered through
the rebel huts .sawed into nngV * *
" The outiages upon the dead will revive the recollections
of the ciuelties to winch savage tubes subject then puson-
ers. They were buued m many cases naked, w itn their
faces, downwaid. They weie left todecav in the open an,
their bone' earned off as tropine-, sometimes, as the testi-
mony proves, to be used as peisonaJ adouiui"n5s, and one
witness d'dibuatt ly avers that tin. head o[ one oi oui ino-t
gallant officers was cut off b> a secessionist, to he tinned
into a dunkins cup on the occasion ot his marriage. Mon-
stious as this revelation may appeal to be, joui committee
have been infoiuied that duting the In-1 two weeks the skull
of a Union soldiei has been exhibited in the office oi the
yeigeant-at-Armsofthe House of Representatives, which
had been convened to sueii a pmpose, and winch had been
lbund on the person ot one of the lebul piisonet- taken in
a teeent conflict. The testimony ofGoveitiot £spracue,ot
Rhode Island, is most interesting. It confirms the woist
repot ts against the icbel soklieis, and conclusively piov< s
that the body of one of the biavest officers m the volunteer
service was burned, fie does not hesitate to add that this
hyena deseciation of the honored corpse was because the
rebels believed it to l>  the body of Colonel Slocmn, against
whom they weie infuriated for having displaced so much
coinage and chivalty m tbicing his legunent fearle&sh and
bravely upon them. These disciosuies, establishing, as
they incoiitestahly do, the consistent inhumanity ol the
jebel leadeis, will be read with sotiow and indignation by
the people ot the lo\al States. They should ins|ine tlie e
people to icnewed exciuoiis to piotcct oui country Uom
the ! estoiation to power of such men. The} should, and
we believe they will, arouse the disgust and honor ot foi-
eign nations against this unholy icbellion."
I have myself seeti a letter written by a female
in Alabama to her brother in the rebel army at
Manassas, in which she thanks him for having
written to her " with the blood of a Yankee."
In a speech lately delivered m New York, Par-
son Brownlow, the hero of East Tennessee, gave
additional testimony on this revolting subject in
these words:
"Why, gentlemen, after the battle of Manassas they
passed tinough our town on fm lough, officers and privates,
going down into Dixie, exulting, and biought with them
divers what they called Yankee heads—the entne heads ol
Union troops—some of them with long beaids; and they
would take them by the hair and shake them out of tiie
window, and say, iA damned Yankee's head!' This is
the spirit of secession, the spuit of the vile, untutored sav-
ages ol hell, and he who apologizes for them is no better
than he who is perpetrator of the crime."
These, sir, are the beings in whose behalf our
clemency is invoked ! Those are the " chivalrous
southern hearts " you would win hack by kind-
ness ! Those are the creatures over whose success
northern sympathizers rejoice ! The blood cur-
dles in out veins, and we turn away with Sick-
ening disgust from the contemplation of their ]
horrid crimes to inquire what gigantic iniquity it jj
is that breeds such moral monsteis. The answer ||
is obvious. I]
It is slavery that vitiated the conscience, de- 'j
stroyed the morals, brutalized the soul, and, in j:
its own foul fens, generated these monsters of
wickedness, whose mad attempts fo destroy the I;
Republicis characterized by the frightful excesses j;
to which 1 have referred. All the want, misery, !]
strife, treachery, bloodshed, barbarity, and deso- jj
iation which now stalks through this once happy il
country, have their origin in the fell system of
human bondage, which it has nourished and pro-
tected. I announce no new doctrine born of
modern fanaticism. I but accept present troubles
and perils as the ripe fruits of slavery, and as the
fulfillment of predictions uttered long ago by the
sages of the Revolution.
The pages of our early history abound with the
utterances of Washington, Jefferson, Madison,
Henry, Pinckney, Jay, and scores of other illus-
trious names, showing their abhorrence of sla-
very, and their conviction of its dangerous tend-
encies. Were T to use the same language on this
floor to-day, which they used three quarteis of a
century ago, gentlemen on the other side would
denounce me as a "ranting abolitionist." The
most scathing invectives of my zealous and elo-
quent friend from Illinois, [Mr. Lovcjoy,] are but
feeble echoes to the withering anathemas which
they hurled against this system. They were states-
men and patriots, why are toe, who merely respond
to their sentiments, fanatics ? Has slavery done
anything sincc their day to recommend itself to
public favor, or have gentlemen degenerated until
they can love what was then abhorred? The
memory of some great men, as well as of some
very small ones, of the present day, has become
so darkened and treacherous, through devotion to
this system, that they really believe it has always
been a cherished institution in this country, and
that its opponents are a band of modern enthusi-
asts and crazy fanatics.
I listened with astonishment, the othei day, to a
declaration which fell from the lips of the venera-
ble member from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
when, in referring fo the cession of this District
by Maryland and Virginia, in 1789, he used these
words:
Abolition then scaicely existed in idea among the peo-
ple ot the United States. It was not apprehended. There
was piobnbly no thought ol it on cithci side. The idea*
that governed all the patties weie of a different character."
[ asked myself, and would have been glad to
hove inquired of the honorable gentleman, what
Washington meant when, m a letter to John F.
Mercer, dated September 9, 1786, ho said:
"J never mean, unle-s tome particular circumstances
shall compel me to it, to possess another slave by purchase,
it being among my first wt-he-j to see «ome plan adopted by
which slaveiy in this country mav be abolished bylaw."
What did Jefferson mean, in 1774, when he
said:
>c The abolition of slavery is the great object of desire in
these colonies, whete it was unhappily nittodueed in then
iniant state."'
Did he ignorantlyor willfully misrepresent the
fclings and wishes of the people of that day?
What did he mean when, in drafting the original
Declaration of Independence, ho denounced the
system as an " execrable commerce ?"
What fanatical idea had Madison when, in
the convention that formed the Constitution, he
" thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution
the idea that there could be property in men?"'
Had Monroe ever thought of abolition when,
in the Virginia convention, he declared, in rela-
tion to slavery:
" We have found that this evil has prejed upon the very
vitaN of the Union, and ha« been prejudicial to all the
States wheie it has existed."
What strange vagaries had seized Patrick Henry
when, in 1773, he said:
" T believe a time will come when an opportunity will
be ottered to abolish this lamentable evil. Everything we
can do is tounpiove it, if it happens in ourday, ifnot,let
us transmit to our descendants, toccther with oui s]ave>,a
pity loi their unhappv lot and an abhorience foi slavery."
What morbid philanthropy had crazed the brain
of Maryland's most eminent statesman and jurist,
William Pinkney, when, in 1739, he uttered
against slavery these bitter, burning words:
k* Eternal infamy awaits the abandoned miscreants i\ hose
scltHi soul.s could ever piouipt them to rob unhappy Afnea
of her sorts, and t remht them hither by 11 inns, md  to poison
the lau Eden ot libeily v\ ith the tank weeds ofbtiman bond-
age.'1 ~ ~ bounded in a di«i!Mcelul traffic,
its continuance i-j as ehainelets as its origin." * *
" Foi shame, sn, let ih thiov\ off the mask It will not
do thus to talk hk<- philosopher and act like unrelenting
nrants- to he foi e\er sennonuiuK with liboity lor oui te\t
and actual oppie>snm foi oui commentary
What madness had seized John Jay, (the first
Chief Justice of the United States,) which, at a
rime when '' abolition scarcely existed in idea,"
could induce him to express such incendiary and
dangerous sentiments as these:
" In my sight slavery is an iniquity, a siiiof cumsondye,
against which ministers of the Gospel should testify, and
which the Government should seek in every way to abol-
ish. Were 1'in the Legislature I would present a bill for this
purpose with great caie, ami I would never cease moving
it till it became a law, or f ceaspd to be a member. Till
America comes to this measure, her prayer to Heaven will
be impious."
Jefferson, in his Notes on Virginia, (pages 270
and 271,) so clearly and concisely discloses the evil
influences which have depraved the manners and
morals of the South, and culminated in the hor-
rible atrocities of this war, that I cannot resist the
temptation to make one more quotation. Etc
says:
"There must doubtless be an unhappy influence on the
manners of our people produced by the existence of slavery
among us. The whole commerce between master and slave
is a perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passions, the
most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrad-
ing submissions on the other. Our children see this, and
learn to imitate it; for man is an imitative animal." *
* * * "The patent storms, the child looks on,
catches the lineaments of wrath, puts on the same airs in
the circle of smaller slaves, gives a loose rein to his worst
passions; and thus nursed, educated, and daily exercised
m tyranny, cannot but be stamped by it with odious pecu-
liarities. The man must be a prodigy who can retain his
manners and morals undepraved by such circumstances.
And with what uxecration should the statesman be loaded,
who, permitting one halt the citizens thus to trample on the
lights of the other, transforms those into despots and these
into enemies, destroys the moials of the one part and the
amor patria of the other." * * * * " And
can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we
have removed their only firm basis—a conviction in the
mind of the people that those liberties arc the gift of God?
That they are not to be violated but with his wrath? In-
deed, J tiemble lor my countiy when I reflect that God is
just; that his justice cannot .sleep forever; that, consider-
ing numbcii, natuic, and natuial means only, a revolution
of the wheel of fortune, an exchange of situation, is among
possible events; that it may become probable by supernat-
ural interference ! The Almighty has no attribute which
can take sides with us in such a contest. But it is impos-
sible to be tempeiate and pursue this subject through the
vatious considerations of policy, of morals, of history, nat-
m.ii and civil."
Here, sir, by a master hand, the very heart and
spirit of human chattelism is laid open and ex-
posed to the pubhegaze. The wicked and " boist-
erous passions," the "unremitting despotism,"
the " degrading submissions," the " odious pecu-
liarities,"in which this system has " nursed,edu-
cated,and daily exercised " those who have been
placed within its influence, have produced their
legitimate results, which, extending from the fam-
ily circle to whole communities, and from com-
munities to Suites, have, from a war upon private
rights and individual liberty, naturally and neces-
sarily grown into a war against the lawful author-
ity and libeitjes of the Republic. We have as a
nation long and persistently ti ied to conceal from
the world, and oven from ouiselves, the true char-
acter of this iniquity. We have sacrificed honor,
manhood, justice, and patriotism, to keep it from
revolt. We have trusted, it has betrayed. We
have yielded to its demands, cowered under its
threats, and slill endeavored to persuade ourselves
U was our friend. At last, unmasked and gnm, it
confronts us with drawn sword, demands the life
of the nation, and drinks the blood of thousands
of the bravest and noblest of the land! Can it be
necessary at this day to offer proof that slavery is
the natural and implacable enemy of republican
institutions? Can it be possible that it still has
defenders and advocates on this floor? Attempt
to check it m its carnival of blood, lay upon it but
a feather's weight of restraint, and in the writh-
mgs and bitter denunciations of its friends you
have the answer. Slavery may turn loose all its
infernal agents of destruction to ravage, burn, kill,
and devastate at pleasure; but strike it, and you
violate the Constitution !
If a stranger, wholly unacquainted with our his-
tory and form of government, were to enter this
Hail and listen to the arguments on the other side,
he would conclude that the Constitution was made
for the sole benefit and protection of slavery, and
its offspring, treason. During the last Congress
we heard nothing from that side but the right of
secession, and the unconstitutionality of coercion.
.Now, coercion is all right, providing it does not
interfere with the " rights of property," meaning
thereby, the light to hold slaves. The life of a
traitor may be taken without judge or jury, but
to take his negro is a most flagiant and dangerous
usurpation of power. Property in slaves is, in
the estimation of these gentlemen, far more sacred
than life, liberty, and country. You may abridge
the liberty of the press, imprison suspected per-
sons, suspend the writ of habeas corpus, seal up
