1862,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3205
their leaders, fa there a man in the Senate of the
United State but what hopes and desires to bring
back these States? Can you get them to return
into the pale of the Union with every heart in their
whole land burning with deadly hate against the
northern States and against the United States Gov-
ernment? If you force- them hack, and cannot
change that heart, they will only be a source of un-
ceasing trouble, expense, disturbance, and war to
the rest of the nation. If the work is to be done at
all, and especially if it is to be properly done, you
must create a Union party in the southern States;
you must adopt a line of polfcy that will build up
such a party; you must demonstrate your ability
to subjugate them, and to keep them subjcct to the
Constitution and the laws without the aid of the
negro; and you must hold up to them that Con-
stitution whole and unbroken, with all their lib-
erties, rights, and property to be inviolably pos-
sessed and enjoyed under it as aforetime. But
the measures that have been passed and proposed
at the present session of Congress, and this crown-
ing one of placing arms in the hands of slaves,
will neyer effect that work.
So far from conciliating and luring back to fra-
ternity and loyalty-any of the disaffected popu-
lation of that section, such a policy will drive those,
who have a lingering affection for the old Union
and the old Government and the old flag, not'onjy
in the seceding States, but in every slave State in
the Union, every man, to takeground against you.
Such a policy as has been marked out in the pres-
ent Congress, in relation to the slavesand the treat-
ment of the disloyal whites, fraught with nothing
but ruin, ruin hopeless and irretrievable to the
whole southern country, confiscating the estate of
every person there that participates in the rebel-
lion, without regard to the grades of guilt, freeing
three million slaves, permitting those slaves to re
main in a country where they would be as numer-
ous, in the aggregate of four or five States, as the
white population themselves—such a policy would
be simply nothing more nor less than giving up
those States to the slaves themselves, for the white
population would flee from the country to some
asylum. Such would be the consummation of
your policy.. And do you expect the people of
Missouri, of Tennessee, of Western Virginia, of
Kentucky, of Maryland, and of Delaware, who
own slaves, to fraternize with you, and to cheer
you on to enforce such measures and such policy?
In my own State, I have no doubt that there are
from eighty to one hum! red thousand slaves that be-
long to disloyal men. You propose to place arms in
the hands of the men and boys, or such of them as
are able to handle arms, and to manumit the whole
mass, men, women, and children, and leave them
among us. Do youexpcctustogive our sanction
and our approval to these things? No! No! We
would regard their authors as our worst enemies,
and there is no foreign despotism that could come
to our rescue that we would not joyously em-
brace before we would submit to any such con-
dition of things as that. But before we had
invoked this foreign despotism, we would arm
every mart and boy that we have in the land, and
we would meet you in a death struggle to over-
throw together such an oppression and our op-
pressors. But we expect to effect our deliverance
peacefully at the bailot box-, but we know, if it
comes to the trial of arms, we will have the sup-
port of the great body of the American people.
Why, sir, there is not a secessionist in the State of
Kentucky but what is greatly and sincerely grati-
fied at your measures, and who will not be more
gratified when he hears of the propositions that
have been presented to-day, and the speeches that
have been made in relation to the arming of ne-
groes. There is not a rebel in all secessia whose
heart will not leap when he learns that the Senate of
the United States are originating such a policy. It
will strengthen his hopes of success by an ulti-
mate union of all the slave States; and by a per-
fect union of all thuir population of the slave
States to fight such a policy as that to the death.
They will count that interference by foreign Pow-
ers will then be certain and speedy.
Sir, there is not-a man m this body nor in the
land that is more deeply devoted to the restoration
of the Union than I am, or one who is more at-
tached to the Union and to the Constitution which
forms the Government of the United States. But
when you offej; to me and my people a policy and
ask us, will you take our measures; will you take
general confiscation of the property of all the dis-
loyal; abolition of slavery, the slaves to remain
in their localities; will you agree to our arming
them and making them soldiers to fight the battle
"of the Constitution, which Constitution guaran-
tied them as property to their owners; will you
takealltheseatrocities? Weanswer,never! never!
never! All we ask is, that the just power of the
Government of the United States shall be brought
into full requisition to suppress this rebellion. The
Union men of the slave States are as ready to co-
operate in that just and constitutional war as are
the Union men of the free States; but they require
that the Constitution—the bond of our Union, the
ark of our liberties, without which there can be
no freedom in this land—shall be held intact and
religiously preserved throughout all the storms
of the conflict. They ask no exemption of their
property from the same law, the same policy, and
the same military measures that you would deal
out to any other property. I have a few slaves,
and my county possesses upwards of seven thou-
sand. If it were necessary to-morrow, to prevent
the consummation of this revolution and the dis-
ruption of the Union, that those seven thousand
slaves should be manumitted, there is not one of
them belonging to a Union man who would hot
be surrendered just as cheerfully as sacrifice for
so great an end ever was made by a loyal heart to
the cause of his country. But we believe and know
that there is no such necessity; there is no such
sacrifice required at our hands. On the other hand,
we believe and know that the policy so madly
urged in the two Houses of Congress by some of
the extreme men isfatal, or eminently mischievous
to the purposes they''profess to have in view. In-
stead of weakening and subduing the rebels, it
would strengthen them. As I said in a former
speech, if this Congress had got together and had
not introduced the negro at all, had passed laws
necessary to conduct the nation triumphantly and
speedily to the subjugation of the rebellion, and
had confined its action and its legislation to those
subjects alone, had not legislated on the subject
of property at all, or had legislated in relation to
property generally by laws that would have in-
cluded the slave and all other description of prop-
erty, we long since would have brought this war
to a close; we would have saved millions of treas-
ure, and the lives of thousands whose heart's
blood has been poured out on the battle-field, or
who have perished in the camp. There is no man-
ner of doubt about it in my mind. But you would
introduce the slave, the apple of our discord. The
consequence is jarring views and fierce crimina-
tions and recriminations among the friends of the
Union in the two Houses. The press is divided in
relation to the course of Congress and the ends to
which the war is and should be prosecuted. The
Army is not assured on this latter point, and is
discontented. The session of Congress is unrea-
sonably prolonged, and its debates needlessly in-
crease and keep up public excitement; the coun-
cils of the Executive are feeble, vacillating, and
conflicting; the energies and heart of the nation
are weakened; the spirits and hopes of the rebels
are strengthened; the war is protracted with its
volume of expenditure of treasure fearfully swell-
ing as it rolls on.
My honorable friend from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilkinson] requested the Secretary to read some-
thing on the subject of negroes in arms. I will
read a little myself. Some of us here remember
the time of the Southampton insurrection. We
remember the ferocity 8md cruelty of the negro m
that servile uprising. We remember the dismay
and the terror it spread throughout that county
and the neighboring counties of Virginia. The
agonizing shrieks of wives and children, whose
houses were menaced by that insimection have
hardly yet died upon the gale. How was it in
St. Domingo? How was it four or five years ago
on the whole line of the Tennessee and Cumber-
land rivers? There had been an extensive negro
plot there to rise upon the whites. It had come
to a head at various points, and it was threatening
to break out into open servile insurrection with
all its horrors. I remember the deep agitation of
the men and the agony of all the women of the
border, both ift Tennessee and Kentucky, at tiie
prospect of that servile insurrection. Why, sir,
in all the forms of warfare, there is nothing so
cruel, nothing so savage, nothing that carries such
misery and woe and horrors m its track as a negro
insurrection. Let me read a little of its doings in
the island of St. Domingo. Here is an extract
from an oration delivered by Edward Everett on
the occasion of the anti-John Brown meeting in
the city of Boston. What does he say?
"In the town itself [that is, St. Domingo] the general
belief for some time was, that the revolt was by no means
an extensive one, but a sudden and partial insurrection
only. The largest sugar plantation on the plain was that of '
Monsieur Gallifet, situated about eight miles from the town,
the negroes belonging to which had always been treated
with such kindness and liberality, and possessed so many
advantages, that it became a proverbial expression among
the lower white people, in speaking of any man's good for-
tune, to say, il est heurcux comme un negre de Gallifet, (he
is as happy as one of Mr. Galiifet's negroes.) M. Odeluc,
an attorney or agent for this plantation, was a member of
the General Assembly, and being fully persuaded that the
negroes belonging to it would remain firm in their obedi-
ence, determined to repair hither to encourage them in op-
posing the insurgents; to which end he desired the assist-
ance of a few soldiers from the town guard, which was
granted him. He proceeded accordingly, but on approach-
ing the estate to his surprise he found all the negroes on the
side of the rebels, and. horrid to tell, their standard was the
dead body of a white infant, which they had recently impaled
on a stake! M. Odeluc had advanced too tar to retreat un-
discovered, and both he and a fuend who had accompanied
him, with most of the soldiers, were killed without mercy.
Two or three only of the patrol escaped by flight, and con-
veyed the dreadful tidings to the inhabitants of the town.
" Ry this time, all or most of the white persons who had
been found on the several plantations being massacred or
iorced to seek their safety m flight, the ruffians exchanged
the sword for the torch. The buildings and cane-fields were
everywhere set on fire; and the conflagrations, which were
visible from the town in a thousand different quarters, fur-
nished a prospect more shocking, and reflections more dis-
mal than fancy can paint or the powers of man describe."
I have here,also, an extract from Brown's His-
tory of San Domingo; and X ask the attention of
Senators, and especially of the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Rice,] to it. I am sorry that he has
become a convert to this atrocious idea. I lament
it. I have a profound personal respect for the hon-
orable gentleman, and still entertain it; but it gives
me great pain to find him adopt such a cruel and
merciless mode of warfare. I should not be sur-
prised at all at some gentlemen, who for long years
have inured themselves in their imagination and
fancy to such a war, and-the horrors it might bring,
adopting such a policy. But, sir, here is what the
historian Brown says:
" Tlie triumphant negroes refined upon the tortutes of thy
Inquisition in their treatment of prisoners taken in battle.
They tore them with red-hot pincers; sawed them asunder
between planks ; roasted them by a slow fire; or tore out
their eyes with red-hot corkscrews. A negro named Lan'
not was, of all their chieftains, the most ferocious. Sus-
pecting the fidelity of a negro under his orders, who was
also accused of having saved his master fiom tiie knives of
the insurgent"!, the monster ordered that he should be cut
in pieces and thrown into the tiie. Other acts of ciuelty
sun more revolting are related of this rebel chief. The
plantation of Mr. Paradole suffered an attack from the in-
surgent^, in which the proprietor himself was made a pris-
oner. Some of his children, who m the first moments of
their panic had fled to places of concealment, came to im-
plore the cluet to save their father. This filial devotion,"
which was interpreted as defiance by the demon black, in i-
tated him to fuiy. He ordeied that the four young men
should bo slain separately before the eyes of their parent,
who was then Inmselt put to death, the last victim in this
tragedy."
That is the condition of things to which your
counsels and your policy are luring the southern
States; and the man who does not recoil in horror
from its contemplation is a monster, and is lit to
be a prince anions: the damned.
Mr. WILKINSON. You are getting theo-
logical.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, I am so theological to ab-
hor all such scones as that, and to condemn and
denounce on the threshold the policy that will
lead to them. Ah ! gentlemen, you can smile de-
risively and very securely—you who inhabit the
regions of the North where there is no danger
of'servile war, where the secessionists will never
tread your sacred homesteads; but we on the bor-
ders, we in the State of Kentucky, with between
two and three hundred thousand slaves and as
many in the State of Tennessee, arc exposed to all
| these dangers, liable to be set upon by the seces-
sionists themselves, and then of the upheaving of
this domestic foe, demoniac in its character when
it has once tasted blood, as I have said, and ready
to indulge in all the cruelties that the most savage
and ferocious nature can devise, cruellies that are
here depicted by the historian in giving an account
of the insurrection in San Domingo—we are to be
exposed to these horrible calamities and probably
be overwhelmed by thein; our homes and hearth-
stones, our wives and children are threatened by
such consequences as these; and it is no time to
