1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
vacancy upon that committee. In what manner
shall it be filled ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be taken
as the sense of the Senate if there be no objection;
and the Chair will appoint the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that the Senate will
not insist upon my serving on that committee. I
am upon three committees already; and I think
I have made up my mind on that subject, so that
I ought not to investigate it. Otherwise, I would
not shrink from the duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks to be excused from serving on
the committee.
The question being put, Mr. Anthony was
excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will take
a little time in making the appointment, and in-
quire who will serve. [Laughter.]
Subsequently, Mr. Sherman was appointed.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day, being the bill (S. No. 108) for the re-
lease of certain peisons held to service or labor
in the District of Columbia, is now before the
Senate, and upon that question the Senator from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It was my
purpose to say a few words upon that bill to-day,
but 1 am not m a condition to do it with any com-
fort to myself. I ought not, in reality, to be here
to-day. 1 yield the floor to the Senator from Wis-
consin, who desires to go on, and will endeavor
to say a few words on this subject at some other
time—perhaps to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE spoke in favor of the bill.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. POMEROY. It was not my intention at
this time to make any extended remarks upon the
bill before the Senate; but after what we have heard
fiom the Senator from Wisconsin, it may not be
inappropriate to say a few words m reference to
the abolition of slavery in this District, which I
suppose to be the objcct of this bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will give
way, I shall move that the further consideration
of tins subject be deferred until one o'clock to-mor-
row, when he can have the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. It is entirely immaterial to
me whether I speak to-day or to-morrow.
Mr. BROWNING. We ought to have an exec-
utive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kansas give way?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; I give way for an
executive session.
Mr.COLLAMER. I movcthatthefurthercon-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to have this
matter now postponed until one o'clock to-mor-
row. I have abstained during the whole of this
week from pressing the confiscation bill which we
have had under discussion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. KING. I think we had better go into exec-
utive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. AVhile I am up, I will say
another woid 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to post-
pone being withdrawn, the Senator from Kansas
is entitled to the floor.
Mi. KING. With the consent of the Senator,
I move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that motion I have a
woid to say. We have had under consideration
for some days a very important bill, as its oppo-
nents think, providing for the confiscation of the
property of rebels. It has been laid aside now for
two or three days. I ha\e not pressed it this week
because there was an anxiety to go into executive
session. We have spent nearly two days in ex-
ecutive session. There was an anxiety also to
get action upon this bill to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia. But I consider it my duty
to press the confiscation bill. If this is now to
be put over until to-morrow, and we are to have
one speech a day upon a bill to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia, I do not know when we
shall get action on the other bill. I trust, therefore,
that unless the Senator from Kansas desires a
postponement, he will go on to-day. I
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire a postpone- !
ment on my account.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator is willing
to go on now, I hope that he may be permitted to
do so, and that we may dispose of this District
bill at the earliest moment and get it out of the
way. I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion
to go into executive session. It indicates a de-
termination to do no other business.
Mr. KING. I am willing to leave the matter
with the chairman of the Military Committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think at
this hour, as we have this bill up we had better go
on with it, and go into executive session some day
at one o'clock.
Mr. KING. Very well; I withdraw the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is for the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia, and I have
been a little surprised to find that upon a bill of
this character we should have the entire question
of the colonization and condition of the races of
the world brought into the discussion. I have no-
ticed that persons who have some constitutional
objections or difficulties in regard to having free
colored men about them, never have any very se-
vere difficulties to having slaves about them. Col-
ored men are as sweet as " the balin of a thousand
flowers" in slavery, butif they are free they have
a tremendous odor, and men are anxious to colo-
nize and to banish them! I should infer from the
argument of the Senator from Wisconsin that he
supposes that, if we abolish slavery in this Dis-
trict, we shall have an innumerable number added
to the colored population of the District, and hence
there must be immediately some way opened for
their escape. I have the returns of the last cen-
sus before me, and they show that there are in this
District about eleven thousand colored persons,
of whom three thousand arc held as slaves. I
should like to inquire if that number is likely to
be greatly increased if the slaves arc* freed. I have
spent some little time in this District, and colored
persons, free or slave, have been no great nuisance
to me. In fact, as there are eight thousand free
colored persons and only three thousand slaves in
the District, I have not known when I have met
them whether they were free or slave. If this bill
shall be passed, as I hope it will be, I do not be-
lieve it will affect materially the condition of things
m the Disti ict so far as the number of colored per-
sons is concerned, and I do not think we need go
to any very great efforts to open a country for
their colonization.
I am lealiy a friend to the bill, and I desire at
the proper time—I believe it is not m order now
—to propose an amendment striking out all of the
bill except the first and eighth sections. The first
section of the bill extends over this Disnict the
ordinance of 1787; and I think there is no doubt
as to the effect of that. The eighth section sim-
ply prohibits men from taking colored persons
out of the District to sell them after they have
been made free. The first section frees them; the
eighth section prevents their being kidnapped. I
do not know what necessity there is for any fur-
ther provision in the bill. I am led to make this
suggestion from the fact that I have a conviction
in my own mind that there is really no slavery
here by law. I may be mistaken; but it is a deep
conviction in my own mind, as I have once before
stated to the Senate, that slavery is not established
here by law; and for that reason what I may say
in regaid to some features of this bill may not
apply perhaps to a proposition relative to slavery i
m the States. 1 f slavery has ever been established
heie, I want some one to tell me who established
it, and when u was established.
We have been told that slavery was established
in Maryland, and that the laws of Maryland have
been extended over this District. I admit that
slavery was established in Maryland by law.
That is not true of all the slave States, but it is
true of Maryland; and the law that established
slavery m Maryland limited it. The law of Mary-
land was passed at an early day, in 1715, and it
limited slavery to two generations. As slavery
was not perpetual in Maryland, I should like to
know who ever made it perpetual in this District.
The act of Congress passed February 27? 1801,
extended the laws of Maryland over this District,
but did not extend perpetual slavery heie, because
it did not exist there at that time.
But supposing for a moment that perpetual sla-
very did exist in Maryland at that time, as in the
other slave States, I want to ask Senators <who
are lawyers whether Congress could extend a law
that it could not enact? Does it not require- the
same constitutional power to extend over this Dis-
trict a law passed by a State, as to enact that law
originally? I think that certainly every Senator
will say that we are unable to extend a law and
make it valid which we could not enact in the first
instance. Then, I ask, could Congress enact a law
establishing slavery in this District? Could it
make a slave? I know some one has said that
Congress could no more make a slave than it could
make a king. I want to know if to establish sla-
very is one of the powers given to the General
Government. Wc have in the Senate, as we have
everywhere else, many persons who talk about
the implied powers, the incidental powers, but the
written Constitution is what I am talking about.
I know there is an unwritten constitution which
men have, from which they draw the incidental
powers of Government, the implied powers.
Without discussing those, I want to ask, whether
it is written down in the Constitution in any le-
gitimate way that Congress can make slavery in
this District? Was that one of the objects ofGov-
crnment? What was the Government established
for? Was it not the reverse of that entirely ? Can
Congress do in this District one of the things which
are entirely averse to the spirit and letter of the
Constitution?
But I will turn to the law of Maryland, because
I think it will be admitted by every Senator that
when, in 1801, after Congress got here, it extended
the law of Maryland over this District, it certainly
extended no law that did not exist. Whatever
Maryland passed after that is not of necessity the
law of the District, because we did not agree that
all the laws that Maryland might hereafter pass,
but only the laws of Maryland as they then were,
should be the law of this District. The act of 1715
was the only statute that was passed in Maryland
creating or limiting slavery,until 1796, when Ma-
ryland passed a law preventing the importation of
slaves, and restricting it. It is chapter forty-four,
section twenty-two, passed in 1715, and it pro-
vides that—
" All negroes and other slaves already imported or here-
aftei to be imported into tliis province, and nil childiennow
hoi ii or hereafter to be born of such negroes and slaves, shall
be slaves dm uig their natural lives."
If you will take pains to read the discussions that
were had in theconvention when they adopted that
provision of the Constitution which ordained that
the importation of Africans should cease in 1808,
two or three speeches were made to show that sla-
very in Maryland would die out in two genera-
tions. It was said, " if you stop the importation
in 1808, slavery will die out because we have con-
fined it in our State to two generations." So said
one of the delegates fiom Maryland.
Entertaining these views, I cannot see why we
should be called upon to pay for liberating these
persons, as slavery has never been established here,
as it does not exist here by law, as the only law
we have is the law of Maryland which limited it.
Congress only extended that law to the District.
If it had been a law to establish slavery Congress
could not have extended it because Congress can-
not pass a law creating slavery, and it requires the
same constitutional power to extend the law of a
State, over this District as it does to enact a law.
Therefore I say, that to my mind the conviction is
that there is no slavery here by law, and as ITiave
said before 1 think we rather need judicial decisions
on this question correctly interpreting the law, and
they would have long since abolished slavery here;
but as we are not likely to get those decisions, I
think passing the ordinance of 1787 as provided
in the first section of this bill will set the matter at
rest, and then the eighth section prevents any per-
son from kidnapping these freed persons. At a
proper time, I shall move these amendments, and
I want to say one word in favor of them now.
The Senate will bear with me while 1 say that
I think we ought not to appropriate $1,000,000
for this work, because there is no call for it, no
demand for it. As I think my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] will say, for he is always sound
on such questions, the condition of the Treasury
does not warrant us in appropriating $1,000,000
to pay for three thousand slaves in this District,
when they are not held here by any law. We
