2246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
harbors with stone fleets, blockade ports, take
military possession of cities, shoot traitors by
thousands, and do a great many other things in a
manner not authorized by the Constitution, with-
out any very serious injury to that instrument;
but touch slavery,and all is lost! the Constitution
is utterly destroyed ! the nation is ruined !
I am not at all alarmed, sir, by this hue and cry
about the constitutional rights of slavery. I have
heard it ever since I can remember. While tramp-
ling upon the rights of others, and committing
their never-ceasing raids against the liberty of the
country, slaveholders have been constantly whin-
ing about their own "lost rights." They have
finally chosen to seek them m rebellion. I have
no disposition to join m the hunt. if, when they
are whipped back into submission to the laws
they have violated, they find that the Government
has discovered and removed soineof their wrongs,
1 shall have no tears to shed.
The slave of a rebel is placed in a somewhat
peculiar position. Two conflicting claims are set
up to his allegiance, one by the Government, the
othei by his master. Both cannot be enforced, for
the former would keep him loyal, the latter would
make him a rebel. We must choose which we
will recognize. To concede the rebel master's
claim is to place the Government in the position
of forcing its own people into rebellion. In my
opinion the Government's claim of allegiance is
paramount to all others, and in order to prevent
the slave being forced to aid in rebellion, it has
the unquestionable right to break the bonds by
which the master holds him. Believing that the
right exists, I will not be slow to exercise it; for
it is my fixed, delibeiatc purpose to weaken and
cripple this enemy of my country to the utmost
extent of my constitutional power.
The son ices of slaves are needed to aid in resist-
ing the wicked schemes of their master. Why
should we hesitate to accept them? They build
fortifications for the rebels. Why not for us? They
relieve rebel soldiers from nearly nil the fatigue
duties of war. Why should they not aid ours?
I hey man rebel batteries. Why not ours? The
sickly season at the South is rapidly appi oachmg,
when exposure and toil will be almost mtain
death to northern soldiers. Why not employ the
services of those who are acclimated, and save the
lives of our friends and neighhois? The rebels
are already congratulating themselves that soon
the deadly fevers which guard their coasts will
drive out our troops and redeliver to them ail they
ha ve lost. Why not liberate their slaves, organize
them into regiments, and under the command of
Lmiipcieni white oflieeis, let them gamson the
U>rt« on the coast, while our own men follow the
enemy to the healthier regions of the intei ior, and
thus hasten the conclusion of the war, and save
fhousand.s uflives which will otherwise l>e sacri-
ficed 3 i\ot to do so, is to needlessly and reck-
lessly peril and destroy the lives of our soldiers,
if there are any "conditional Union men" who
would be duven away by such an act of justice,
ha them go. The sooner they find their true place
the beiter for the country.
I agiec with those who say that this war is not
waged on our part (or the purpose of destroying
shivery. Its objects are to put down rebellion"
pnn/sh treason, and secure a permanent peace.
Whatever stands in the way of the accomplish-
ment of these ends must fail. It is baiely pos-
sible that the rebellion may be tempoiarily sub-
dued with but little injury to that which caused
n, just as an oflensive eruption may be driven
from the suiface of the body to prey upon its
vitals; treason may also be partially punished,
and that which inspired it with all us vigor and
malignity be left comparatively unharmed; but
permanent peace can never be secured until sla-
very is placed " where the public mind will rest
in the belief that u is in the course of ultimate
extinction." The people of this country have
been long enough harassed and vexed with this
ti oublesome question. Their great object of desire
is that it may be settled now and forever.
.Late victories give assurance that ere long the
rebellion wi l be .-.rushed. It will then be fbr us
to say whether we shall have enduring peace or
a mere armed tn.ee, to be followed by another
war more bloody aml terrible than the- present,
bhall we jcain wisdom from the penis so recently
escaped, or shall ail the teachings of experience
be forgotten, and the war of slavery against this
Republic be transferred from the battle-field to the
ballot-box, to be again renewed upon the battle-
field whenever a favorable opportunity shall oc-
cur to strike the treacherous blow ? Prom its very
nature, slavery must rule or perish. Its political
demands will be renewed andresistcd,anda never-
ending controversy will be the result. The evils
which it has entailed on the country by its bloody
revolt will not be forgotten while the annals of
crime are preserved; and so long as the distinctions
between right and wrong are recognized, its moral
character will be discussed.
I have mentioned one mode by which this ques-
tion may be settled, A certain political document,
odorate of secessia, called an Address of Demo-
cratic Members of Congress to the Democracy of
the United States, proposes another in these words:
"To foejrin the qreat work of restoration through the bal-
lot-box i" to kill abolition. The bitter waters of secession
flowed tiist and are fed still from the unclean Joantam ot
abolitionism. That fountain mu&t be dued up."
Sir, in the minds of some persons, woman whip-
ping, baby stealing, slave pens, auction blocks,
and bloody manacles seem to be the only insig-
nia of earthly bliss; their universal prevalence
the only political paradise to which they aspiie.
I have shown that the first abolition agitators in
this country were the great and good men who
formed the Government. If abolitionism be the
"unclean fountain from which flow the bitter
waters of secession,*' the statesmen of the past,
and not the " fanatics" of the present, opened that
foun tain,and are responsible for the consequences.
But pray tell us, gentlemen, how you expect to
destroy the anti-slavery sentiment of a free peo-
ple? The following eloquent language of Henry
Clay, before the American Colonization Society,
may give you some idea of the magnitude of the
task you have assumed:
" It i^  not this society which has produced the sjreat moial
levolution w Inch the a e exliilma. What would they who
thus ivprnaoh us have done?" * -v •* * "If
they would lepie^s all tendencies* towaid-* liberty and ulti-
mate emancipation, they must do more than to'put down
the benevolent otVbit-s of thi> society. They mu-tgo back
to (he cm of oui liberty and independence, and rmi/./le the
cannon which ihunders its animal jovous letuia. Thev
niiM ie\ ive the slave tiade with all its tiain of atioeitics.
They must suppie^ the working of Ihit^h piiikuitiuopy,
seeking to ameliorate the condition of the imfottiinate We-t
Indian slaves. The) must airestthe eareei ot South Anier-
ic.in delivuance lioni thi.ilUlom. They nm^t blow out tin;
moial liirhts mound us, and extinguish that eieatest toich
ot all, which Amenea present's to a benighted woild, point-
hist ihe way to their rights, then liberties, and then happi-
ne-,4 And when they have achieved all ilie-se purpose*,
then' woik will yet be incomplete. They mus-t penetrate
the human soul, and eradicate the li iit of reason and the
love of libcuy. Then, and not till then, when ntmer.-al
daikne-,*. and d.-^pair prevails, can you p"ipetu.ue -Javeiy,
and repiess all mpatlnes, and all humane and benevolent
etlorts. anions treemen, in behalf of the unhappy portion
of out race who are doomed to bondage.'"
• Gentlemen must not conclude because theyhave
eradicated from their own souls " the light of rea-
son and the love of liberty," that, therefore, uni-
versal darkness prevails. The fearful conflagra-
tion kindled by slavery on this continent for the
purpose of consuming all that is dear to mankind
has only served to disclose more clearly its own
hideousness, and caused the people to crowd with
renewed devotion around the sacred altars of lib-
erty. In view of all the people of this country
have sufleied duiirig ihe last year and must en-
dure for years to come, do gentlemen hope they
can bo educated to love, or even tolerate, the ac-
cursed cause of all their woes? Do you think the
wiles of artful demagogues can ever again induce
them to commit to its control the Government it
has so ruthlessly sought to destroy? Could the
disciples have confided in Judas Iscariot, or the
heroes of the Revolution in Benedict Arnold, after
the discovery of their treason ? It is not in human
nature to trust a traitor, and no one but he who is
in guilty complicity with treason desires that the
loyal people of this nation shall ever again confide
its interests and its destiny to the slave power.
It slavery conies out of this contest with any
political power it will inevitably renew the old
struggle for supremacy. Just so long as it can
aspire to rule, it will conspire to ruin the nation,
and there will be no peace. I am, therefore, m
favor ot going to the " utmost verge of the power
vested in me" to weaken, subduc^and ultimately
remove it, and thus settle forever this most trou-
blesome and dangerous question.
Sir, the people of this country have registered
a vow in heaven that if henceforth slavery is suf-
fered t'o exist at all, it shall not be as a haughty
tyrant, but as a condemned criminal awaiting ex-
ecution; that it shall not be permitted to increase
its power by the invasion of Territories or the ad-
mission of new slave States; that having been
banished from the national capital, its polluting
footsteps shall never again desecrate the " hearth-
stone of the Republic;'' that no concessions to its
political demands shall be made; that freedom
of speech and of the press shall be recognized in
all the States; that the citizens of each State shall
be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States; that the Constitu-
tion shall be preserved, and so construed as to give
vitality to its essential spirit, "and not by con-
verting it into an instrument for the aggrandize-
ment and perpetuation of human slavery pervert
it from its original purpose;" that slavery, " so
far as it may be of pecuniary, social, or political
value to any individual in rebellion," shall be
made to bear the severest penalties of treason; that
the chief conspirators shall jgnominiously die;
that their property shall be confiscated; that the
power of this Government to vindicate Us honor,
maintain its rightful authority, and punish trea-
son shall be made manifest to every citizen and
to the whole world; and that, in no event, shall
any terms of peace be offered or accepted which
do not recognize an undivided Republic and the
unconditional submission of its enemies.
Gentlemen may strive to thwart the purposes of
an outraged people, but the icsistless wilLof a
mighty nation, sensible of its injuries, and intent
upon redress, will sweep them away like chaff
before the whirlwind. After a series of provo-
cations, insults, and aggressions committed by
the slave power, and patiently, ofttimes tamely,
endured by the nation, the controversy is at last
brought to a short issue, wherein civilization and
barbarism grapple for the mastery of a continent;
liberty and despotism struggle for the dominion of
a world.
" To form an adequate idea of the duties of this
crisis, it will be necessary to raise your minds to
a level with our station, to extend your views to
distant futurity, and to consequences the most
certain, though most remote. If liberty is sufteied
to expire here, whence is it ever to emerge in the
midst of that thick night that will invest it? It
remains with you, then, to decide whether that
freedom, at whose voice the kingdoms of Europe
awaken from the sleep of ages, to run a career of
virtuous emulation in everything great and good;
the freedom which dispelled the mists of super-
stition and invited the nations to behold their God;
whose magic touch kindled the rays of genius, the
enthusiasm of poetry, and the flame of eloquence;
the freedom which poured into our lap opulence
and arts, and embellished life with innumerable
institutions and improvements, till it became a
theater of wonders; it is for you to dccide whether
this freedom shall yet survive or be covered with
a funeral pall, and wrapped in eternal gloom. I
cannot but imagine the virtuous heroes, legisla-
tors, and patriots of every age and country are
bending from their elevated seats to witness this
contest, as if they were incapable, till it be brought
to a favorable issue, of enjoying their eternal re-
pose. Enjoy that repose, illustrious immortals!
Your mantle fell when you ascended, and thou-
sands, inflamed with your spirit, and impatient
to tread in your steps, are ready to swear by Him
that sitteth upon the throne, and liveth forever
and ever, that they will protect freedom in her last
asylum, and never desert that cause which you
sustained by your labors,and cemented with your
blood."
Mr.VOORHEESobtained the floor,butyie!ded
it to
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, who moved that the
House adjourn.
•' RECESS.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion that I may offer a resolution.
Mr. YALLAND1GHAM withdrew his mo-
tion.
Mr. ANCONA. I oiler the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, (the Senate concuinnc,) That the House of
Kcpiesentativei, adjourn from \Ve<hic«iav. the 2Sth instant,
to Monday, June 2. "
Several Members objected.
Mr. VALLANDIGtiAM. It is a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, on hisownjudg-
