3206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
laugh sardonically at our complaints of such an
impending state of things. There is nothing that
could possibly be more serious to us.
You, sir, (Mr. Anthoot in the chair,) on the
borders of the Atlantic, in the midst of youv own
ocean-girt home, may be safe from this horrid
storm arid all its fury. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilkinson] is safe; the Senator from
'Michigan [Mr. Howard] is safe; and I rejoice
that it"is so with them and their people. I wish
it were so with us; but it is not. We have to take
things as they are. We cannot change them. We
have to act as best we can in view of all the facts
that surround us. We are the most deeply inter-
ested in all these questions, much more so than
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice;] and
I tell him when he proposes to put arms in the
hands of the negro, he oppresses many a manly
heart, and drives to despondency and despair many
women and children who inhabit the border slave
States, who are as loyal to the Union as he is, or
any other man. To us this insurrectionary war
is a practical question; to you,gentlemen, it is not
so. Will you not put any trust whatever in sens-
ible, true, Union men in the slave States, or do
you adopt the dishonoring position that there is
no loyalty in the slave States? If there is not,
" Cry havoc, and let slip the dogs of war."
If there is, why do you not take counsel from those
Union men? Aside from the negro, you have no
purpose that they have not. They are as devoted
to the Government as you are. They are as de-
voted to the Union as you arc. They would make
ns much sacrifice, short of a sacrifice of the Con-
stitution, to restore the Union, to reassert the su-
premacy and power of the Constitution and laws
us you would. The measures that you would
adopt come home to them, to their immediate coun-
try, and their families. Not so with you. Why
then will you madly, in a spirit of resentment, of
vengeance, urge on a series of measures that are
to result in nothing but mischief to our common
country, and overwhelm our portion of it in hope-
less ruin? It is a subject we are familiar with;
you are not. We know more about it than you
do. We know better how to treat it than you do.
Why, then, in the name of fraternity, of human-
ity, of patriotism, with a view to the success of
this war, and the reSstablisliment of the Union in
peace and good will, and moving it on again to
the consummation of its grand and glorious des-
tiny—why do you not give some heed to us and
take counsel from us in relation to the character
of the measures that you pass?
You seem bound in the spell of some sinister
and fatal delusion in relation to the slave. Yon
seem to think that arming and freeing him will
create some groat mid mysterious force that will in
a great degree prevent our soldiers from perishing
"by disease in camp, from being slain or wounded
in battle, confound and overwhelm the rebels,
bring sudden and overwhelming victory every-
where to our standard, close the war in glory, in-
demnify the nation for its expenses, appease the
manes of the dead, assuage the anguish of their
surviving friends, give a new dispensation and
law for the Constitution bequeathed to us by our
fathers, bring together and reconstruct the frag-
ments of a broken Union, inciease the production
of cotton, and restore order, fraternity, and peace
between the people of the southern and northern
States. What a delusion! It would bringdown
upon the country the reverse of all this. " Whom
God would destroy, He makoth mad." Such
seems to be the condition equally of aecessioiu&ts
and abolitionists.
When we oiler you counsel in the best spiritof
patriotism and with the lights of experience and of
truth, we meet with nothing but taunts and rebuffs
and denunciations. If we dare to get up and con-
tend for our constitutional rights in relation to our
property and as to the manner in which this war
should be conduced, we have scorn and oppro-
brium thrown at us; we are told that we are sym-
pathizing with the lebellion, and that no slave-
holder is or can be loyal to the Government. Sir,
this does us grievous wrong. I do not denounce
gentlemen. 1 do not quarrel with them. I want
to have no differences with them. I am no par-
tisan. I have no party butmy country; no creed
but the Constitution. I am struggling for the res-
toration of the Union and the enforcement of the
Constitution and the law, and for no other pur-
pose under heaven. That policy which is best
adapted to these great ends, and those men who
labor with more justice, wisdom, vigor, and truth
to bring about these ends, will have all the feeble
support thatl can give them; but I tell you,Mr.
President, I tell this Senate, I tell my countrymen
that whenever they agree to organize and arm the
slaves, they admit that they cannot conquer the
rebellion; foreign nations will interpose and recog-
nize them; you will lose ten times as much sym-
pathy and support at home as you will gain by
such an atrocious measure; and the days of this
crumbling Union of thirty-four States will have
been numbered and it will soon topple to its fall
in irretrievable ruin.
If this Union cannot be preserved by the white
man, making him the soldier and the hero of the
battle for the Union, there are no conditions upon
which it can be saved. But, sir, it can be rescued
upon that noble condition; it ought not to be at-
tempted on any other. If you put arms m the hands
of the negroes and make them feel their power and
impress them with their former slavery, wrongs,
and injustice, and arm them, as Hunter promises,
to the number of fifty thousand, you will whet
their fiendish passions, make them the destroying
scourge of the cotton States, and you will bring
upon the country acondition of things that will ren-
der restoration hopeless. There is no necessity for
it; there can be none. Exhaust the energies, the
patriotism, and the resources of the white man; at
least tax them further, and yet further, and when-
ever the time comes and you demonstrate to slave-
holding Union men that by the sacrifice of their
slaves the Union can be restored and the Consti-
tution can be preserved, and that there shall be but
one American empire whose arch shall span the
continent from ocean to ocean, and that sacrifice
will be unhesitatingly made.
But there is no such stress upon us. It is an
inglorious, ignoble, and acowardly admission that
there is any such stress or necessity as that. Why,
sir, do you not perceive that the Englishman, the
Frenchman, ana the Spaniard are already begin-
ning to contemn and spitupon you? Yesterday,or
before this rebellion, the name of American might
have stood against the world; now it is so poor
that none will even do it reverence. Thatcontempt
and degradation of our country, that ignoble im-
press will go on rapidly increasing—yes, sir, it
will go on irretrievably to its miserable, degrad-
ing consummation, whenever you agree to call in
regiments, brigades, divisions, and army corps of
negroes into the field. I implore you to use the
negro for no such purpose. Wherever you can
make him labor, wherever you can make him use-
ful without putting arms in his hands, employ him;
there can be no just objection to it. In a particu-
lar state of the case, where there was a small corps
or a large corps hard pressed, and there were ne-
groes about, and they could be made to swab the
cannon, to load the cannon, or fire guns, and to
use the cutlass, or any other weapon, in such an
emergency, use him; but do not make occasion to
use him. Do not organize him as a part of our
Army.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I deeply regret that
I should have said anything to pain the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. Whenever I address the
Senate I endeavor to express my sentiments with
a due regard to the feelings and principles of others;
but I must be permitted to say that the Senator
has traveled far over this continent to hunt up pre-
cedents to show the barbarities of the negro. I
regret that lie did not confine his remarks to oc-
curences nearer home. I regret that he did not
expend his eloquence in condemnation of the lead-
ers of the southern confederacy in arming Indians
and bringing them into battle at Pea Ridge, where
they not only committed the most atrocious out-
rages on the Union troops, but in their frenzied
madness turned upon the rebels themselves. I
regret that he did not come down to a still later
period, to the last battle near Richmond, where
the confederates filled the canteens of the privates
with powder and bad whisky to make them woise
than fiends. There was a field in which the hon-
orable Senator could have dilated; there he could
have used his eloquence to an advantage that would
have awakened every loyal man in the North and
induced him to spring forth and seize a musket in
defense of the Union.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mi. RICE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. If the confederates violate the
usages and customs of civilized warfare, does he
therefore want our Government and our armies to
be guilty of the same violation?
Mr. RICE. I will answer that question in a
very few words. If a stranger to our present dif-
ficulties had been here and listened to the remark-
able speech of the Senator, he would have sup-
posed that he was an embassador from the south-
ern confederacy speaking in their behalf.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I say to the honorable Senator
there is nothing that I have said that authorizes
him to make any such assertion. .
Mr. RICE. The Senator has spoken as though
the people of the North were warring upon him
and upon his people.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not so, Mr. President.
Mr. GRIMES. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the gentleman protect him-
self, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I insist upon order being pre-
served.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
.from Minnesota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICE. I have no objections to the Sen-
ator expending his feelings in any manner he sees
fit. He will not discompose me nor disconcert
me in the least.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator will not mis-
represent me.
Mr. RICE. I say the Senator's whole argu-
ment has gone to show that we of the North were
making war upon the border States, upon the
Union men of the border States, and he has held
up to us the atrocities that will be committed
upon his family and upon the families of the Union
men of the border States. Who is it, sir, that
has defended the Union men in the border States
and those pretending to be Union men? It has
been the North. Our troops were mustered into
service and sent into the border States at their re-
quest. They have defended them from the be-
ginning, and they will do so to the end, and not
an atrocious act have they committed. They
have saved their wives and children, they have
saved their property. Not only have they done
so heretofore, but they are still ready and willing
to do it, and will continue to do it to the bitter
end.
I want to see the arguments and speeches on this
question of the war confined to the facts. I am not
in favor of massing the negroes and putting arms
into their hands; but I am in favor of employing
thorn in this war. If you look at the history of
it, you will find that three hundred thousand con-
federate soldiers, admitting man for man to be
equal, are worth as much as five hundred thousand
of ours. Why is it so? All the building of roads
and bridges, all the camp duty, all the menial ser-
vice among them is performed by the negroes, and
when a battle is about to take place, the confeder-
ate army is able to bring every white man into the
field, fresh and ready for the contest. 'How is it
with us? When our Army goes into battle the
men are fatigued, worn out with building bridges
and roads and performing other services too nu-
merous to mention, which the negroes perform in
the South. Again, in the North every man that we
employ we pay; everything we purchase we pay
for. Ilowis it intheSouth? AH thatisraisedthere
to support their army is raised by the negroes, and
not a dollar is necessary to be paid. The honor-
able Senator said that the negroes mightbe useful
in loading and swabbing and firing cannon. If
that be the case, may not some of them be useful
in loading, swabbing, and firing the musket?
Sir, the question must be met, and it must be
looked to practically. The Senator says that
northern men do not look upon it in a practical
sense. I admit that we have not heretofore, but I
hope the time has come when we will, and rather
than be whipped out as we have been recently, I
would say good bye to the southern confederacy,
and tell them to take all they wanted, and even
give them more. They hesitate atnothing. There
are no means that God or the devil has given them
that they do not use. Why should we stop and
higgle at a proposition which is merely carrying
out not only the views but the practices of all na-
tions from the beginning of time dt^wn to this mo-
ment? They have forced into their service their
