264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
expulsion of Trusten Polk, a Senator from Missouri, back
to the Senate, with the unanimous recommendation that
the same do pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
now vead the resolution reported by the committee:
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That Trusten Polk, of Missouri, now a traitor
to the United States, be expelled; and he hereby is expel led
from the Senate.
The question being taken by.yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bright, Drowning, Carlile,
Chandler, Collame.r, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, fr'essenden,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Johnson,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas; Latham. Morrill,
Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Simmons, Sumner,Ten Eyek,Thomson, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—36.
NAYS—0.
So the resolution was agreed to.
NOTIFICATION OF VACANCIES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In connection with this
subject, I ask the adoption of the following order:
Ordered, That the Vice President be requested to trans-
mit to the Governor of the State of Missouri copies ot the
resolutions expelling Waldo P. Johnson and Trusten Polk
from the Senate, attested by tlic Secretary of the Senate.
The order was adopted.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a vacancy on the
Committee on Foreign Relations now'by the ex-
pulsion of Trusten Polk, and I move that the Vice
President be authorized to fill that vacancy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatorder will be
made if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
The Vicc President appointed Mr. Davis.
CRIMINAL JUSTICE IN THE DfSTItlCT.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up for consid-
eration the bill (S. No. 137) in regard to the ad-
ministration of criminal justice in the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. By this bill all persons who were confined
in the jail of the District of Columbia piior to the
last term of the criminal court, against whom no
indictment was found at that term, are to be en-
titled to their liberty; and it is to be the duty of
the marshal of the District to set all such persons
at liberty without expense to them. The judge
of the criminal court is to cause an order to t>e
entered on the recoidsuf the court before the final
adjournment of each term, making a general de-
livery of all persons confined in the jail before the
grand jury for that term were impaneled, and
against whom no indictment was found by them,
and it will thereupon be the duty of the mnrshal
of the District to set all such suspected and con-
fined persons at liberty.
The Committee on the District of Columbia re-
ported the bill with two amendments. The first
amendment of the committee was to insert in the
third line of the first section, after the word " per-
sons," the words " except persons held in final
judgment," so that it wilt read:
That all person-, except persons held in final judgment,
who were confined in the jail of the District of Columbia
prior to the last term of the criminal cout t, Stc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert in the eighth line of the second section, after
the word " them," the words "except persons
held in final judgment," so that the clause will
read:
Making a general delivery of all persons who were con-
fined in the jail of said Diituct befoic riio gi.iml jury lor
that term weie impaneled, and against whom no indict-
ment was found by them, except persons held in imai judg-
ment. ®
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to offer a further
amendment. After the words which have been
inserted in both sections, I move to add, 44 and
fugitive slaves, ' 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
Four Senators rose to second the call for the
yeas mid nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But four members
are up, not a sufficient number. Four is not one
fifth of a quorum,
Mr. POWELL. I regret very much that we
cannot get the yeas and nays on tiiis amendment.
The object of this bill m many of its provisions,
I dare say, is meritorious; but if the bill should
be passed without the amendment I propose, at
the end of every criminal court every person will
be released from the jail except those against
whom an indictment has been found. The neces-
sary conscquonce will be that every fugitive slave
put in that jail will be discharged. I do not tlunk
that is right or proper. Certainly while the in-
stitution of slavery exists in the surrounding
States, I think it would be eminently proper that
those persons who are put there as fugitive slaves,
merely to be held in custody until their masters
claim them, should not be released in this way.
If it is proper, I will again ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not very fresh in my
reading of history; but from my recollection of
the descriptions of prisons I have read of, I think
that there never was a place of confinement that
would be compared with the Washington jail as
it was at the commencement of the present ses-
sion, except the French Bastileand the dungeons
of Venice. The jail was erected at the expense
of the United States Government, a great many
years ago, and was designed to accommodate
somewhere about forty or fifty persons. When
I first visited it a few days before the session of
Congress, there were then confined in it two hun-
dred and eighteen persons, " black spirits and
white, blue spirits and gray" intermingled, per-
sons of all complexions, of all colors, of all ages,
of different sexes, and without any particular clas-
sification as to the offenses for which they were
committed. A little boy, confined for a trivial of-
fense, who had followed, from his youthful indis-
cretion, a regiment from the State of Connecticut
to this city, was incarcerated in the same cell with
three men who were committed upon a charge of
murder.
The prison at this time is in much better con-
dition than it was before the especial attention of
Congress was called to it. A great many persons
have been removed; a good many soldiers who
had been put in therefor trivial military offenses,
have been taken out by order of the provost mar-
shal; a good many fugitives from service, or per-
sons who were claimed to be fugitives from ser-
vice, owned by citizens of the adjacent States,
have been removed; but there are at this time, I
am told, about one hundred and seventy persons
in the jail—more than three times as many as the
capacity of the jail is designed to accommodate.
It has not been the invariable rule, Mr. Presi-
dent, so far as I can learn, here in this District to
discharge persons who have been committed upon
an alleged offense when the grand jury fails to find
a bill against them; and it is one purpose of this
bill to make it obligatory upon the court to enter
an order of that kind.
When I visited the jail the other day, I had
hardly entered the threshold before a colored boy
stepped up to me and tapped me on the shoulder.
He happened to know who 1 was. Said he, " I
have been here a year and four days." I asked
him for what offense. He said he was confined
as a runaway. I asked him if any one claimed
him. " No. ' " Are you a free boy ?" "Yes."
Turning around to the jailor, I asked him if that
was so. I-Ie said it was. I asked him " how do
you know it to be so?" " I know it to be so, be-
cause two men from the State of Maryland, who
were born and reared where this boy was born
and reared, stated that he was free of their knowl-
edge, for they had known him from the time he
was born." I asked the jailor to produce the record
ofcommitmentand the mittimus, and there I found
that the boy had been confined, not twelve months
only, but thirteen months and four days, merely
on the charge of being a runaway.
Now, I want such cases as that, under this bill,
to be released. I do not believe it is my duty to
vote money, to impose taxes on my constituents
to keep a slave-pen here in the capital of the Union
for the purpose of confining a free boy from the
State of Maryland who may be thrown into the
jail by one of your District justices of the peace
or constables.
I found another case, Mr. President. A white
man who was committed nearly six months ago
told mo, and told other persons who visited the
jail with me, that he had written to the magistrate
who committed him and to the prosecuting attor-
ney and to sundry other parties in this city, im-
ploring them to inform him for what offense he
had iDeen committed; that he was unable to ascer-
tain why he was committed. There had been a
session of the grand jury, and still he was there
held, and was lying upon a bed of sickness.
Upon going to the record, I found that an order
had been entered in that case, dated on the 6th of
December, directing that the prisoner should be
discharged, yet the order had not been carried into
execution. It is true, Mr. President, the man was
sick, but that was no apology for retaining him
in jail. lie should have been sent to the alms-
house, which we have provided and which we are
supporting for the very purpose of receiving per-
sons who may be in his condition.
Thare was another case there, sir. A young
colored fellow, who came as the servant of an offi-
ceWfrom the vicinity of Pittsburg, was thrown
into this jail in August last. The regiment to
which he was attached went forward toward the
face of the enemy. There was nobody here to
look after him. There is no doubt as to his being
a free boy, and yet he was there on the first day
of this month.
It is to such cases that I desire this bill to apply.
There are other cases, Mr. President. They have
here in this District and in Maryland what they
call an apprehension fee. They have a law which
declares that if any slave wanders a certain dis-
tance from the residence of his master he may be
taken up as a fugitive. There are persons in this
vicinity, I am credibly informed, who are lying
in wait all around your city and the surrounding
country, in the hope that they can find some poor
colored man or woman who is out picking berries
and visiting a friend, and who will wander a little
further than the distance established by law from
the residence of the master. The moment they
can find such a person beyond the limited distance,
these harpies pounce upon "him or her, and when
the master tries to find his servant, in the course
of two or three weeks he will find him in the
Washington jail, from which it will be impossible
to extricate him without paying a large sum for
jailor's fees, for justice's fees, and for constable's
fees, in addition to this apprehension fee.
I do not desire, and I do not think that the Sen-
ate desiies, or that the country desires, that the
Washington jail shall be used for any such pur-
pose. This bill simply declares that when a grand
jury adjourns—and there are three sessions each
year of the grand jury—there shall be a general
jail delivery of all persons confined in the jail who
have not been indicted by the grand jury, or who
are not held there upon final judgment.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator a question, if he will permit me, as he seems
to have had his attention called to this subject. Is
there no law upon our statute-book that, when a
grand jury meets and adjourns in the District of
Columbia, those persons upon whose cases action
has not been had shall be discharged ? If not, it
strikes me that there ought to be a provision of
that kind, not only as to the present cases, but as
to all future cases. The fact stated by the Sen-
ator that men, white or black, can lie m jail thir-
teen months on a mittimus, is certainty a disgrace
to our system of jurisprudence—a thing unheard
of in any of the States; and it ought not to be
heard of in the District of Columbia.
Mr. GRIMES. I concur fully in that senti-
ment; and it is for that purpose that this bill has
been introduced. That is simply what the bill
provides—nothing more, nothing less.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa will suspend his remarks. The morning
hour having expired, the unfinished business ot
yesterday must be taken up.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that it be postponed
until this bill is disposed of.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator will waive
that motion. I want to look into this bill myself.
I did not know that it was coming up to-day. I
have thought of offering some amendments to it.
I shall be obliged to the Senator if he will let it
go over. It can come up to-morrow in the usual
course.
Mr. GRIMES. Will it be agreeable to the
Senator that this bill shall be made the special
order for an early day ?
Mr. PEARCE. I have not the least objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I move then that it be made
the special order for next Tuesday atone o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
