2248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
which time the following oath and affirmation Miall be ad-
ministered by the Secretary to the President of the Senate,
and by him to each member of the Senate, to wit: " I sol-
emnly swear (or affirm, as the case maybe) that in all things
appertaining jo the trial of llic impeachment of West II.
Humphreys, jnctee of the district court of the United States
for the districts ot Tennessee. 1 will do impaitial justice, ac-
cording to law ;5J winch couit of impeachment, being thus
formed, will, at the time afore-aid, receive the managers
appointed bv the House of ilepiesentatives to exhibit arti-
cles of impeachment m the name of themselves and of all
the people of the United States against Wc*l II. Humplncys,
judge oftlx* district court of the United States for the districts
of Tennessee, pursuant to notice given to the Senate this
day by the I louse ot Representatives that they had appointed
manageis for the purpose aforesaid.
Ordered, That the Secretary lay this resolution before the
House of Representatives,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it fixed for to-morrow?
Mr. FOSTER. It is a mere matter of form for
to-morrow at least, and will occupy but a very
few moments of time. It is according' to the
practice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not interfere with
the regular business?
Mr. FOSTER. It will not, I presume, occupy
more than fifteen minutes of time to-morrow.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I oiler another resolution, in
connection with the same subject:
Resolved, That after the managers of the impeachment
shall be introduced to the bar ot the Senate, and shall have
signified that they aie icady to exhibit di ticleh of impeach-
ment against We«t II. iruinphi the 1'ie-ulent of the Sen-
ate >hal I direct the.Sergcant-nt-At n^ to make pioelain.iuoii,
who shall, after making pioclauiatioiijiepeat the following
words: '• All per.-ons an; eommand"d to keep silence on
pain of imprisonment, while the grand impact of the na-
tion is e\liilntuig to the Senate oi the Tinted States, am-
cle> of impeachment imuitisl W(M II. Humphreys, judge
of the district eomt of the United States. Im the districts of
Tennesseeafter which the aitieles ^hali be exhibited,
and then the I're-ident ot the Senate will take proper or-
der on the ^ubjeei ot the impeachment, ot winch due notice
shall be given to the Houm- o( Representatives.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
TIIANKS TO CAPTORS OF NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred a
mcssagcof the PieMdentot the United .States, rec-
ommending a vote of thanks to Captain David G.
Farragut, and the officers and men under his com-
mand, to report back a joint resolution for that
purpose, and recommend its passage; and I ask
for its present consideration.
The resolution (S. No. 83) of thanks to Captain
David G. Farragut, of the United States Navy,
and to the officers and men under his command,
was read three times, and passed. It is as fol-
lows:
Resolved hy Ihe Senate and llowenf llepraeiititfivesof the
United Stalk of Jlmurtra in Con>pr  a^cmblcd, That the
thanks or the people and of the Cnjime.-.s of the United
Statev are due, and :ne heieby tendeicd. to Captain I),mil
(J. Fminnut, oi the United Si.itc.i N*av\, and to HuMitlieei**
and men uiuici lie-, command compoMin? lu< Mpiadiou in
the Unit ot [Mexico, (or their Mieee^tiil opei,itioii  on the
Jowei Mi^i.-Mp[n M\ci,,uut lot their gallant^ di~-pla\ed in
the capture of I'oiiv J.u-k-on and Sr. Philip and tin city of
New Orleans, and in the d<Miuction ol the pncmvV uuii-
boat- and aum d flotilla.
Be tt jin tin i j cbvlvtd. Th.it the Seei«tarv of the Navy be
dneeted to communicate tins ic-olution \o Captain Fur-
ragut, and thiou^li him to the ofheeu and men undei his
command.
CLERKS IN THE DMA!) LETTER OFFICE.
Mr. FKSSENDEN, I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was reletred the
bill (H. 11. No. 479) to ,u ucikI an u<; ten titled " An
act nmkuiij appi opi mtioux for tin: seivie.e of" the
PoBtOHicolJrjiai tin.'ill (In nils'lit'fiscal yeai ending
the 30th ofJunc, approved April ]7, lyG;T,
to lx-poit It back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. 1 should like lo have it passed
now, if there iy 110 olijeoiion, beeauseit is merely
making provision tor a class of rlrrks who, 1 think,
under a very wrmiij direction of Mi. Whittlesey,
will not receive their salaries, owinii; to the pecu-
liar phraseology ot the Post Oilice apm opriation
bill.
By unanimous conscnt, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
amend the piovision of the first section of the act !
making uppiopnaUons for the service of the Post i
Office. Department during the fiscal year endiliff j
June 30, 1HMnpp, oved April 17,1«62, which up-
primriaiosfcg.f-dO 'foreoinpensaUonoftwenty-five
additional cleiksm the Post Office Department 1
authorized by the act to promote the efficiency of I
the dead letter office, approved January 21,1862,
from the date of their appointment to June 30,
1862," so that that sum shall bo payable out of
the appropriation made "to supply deficiences
in the levenue of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June 30, 1862," contained in the
third section of the act makingappropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862, approved
March 2, 1861.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ACCOUNTS OF JOHN A. SMITH. •
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
ordeis,and take up the bill granting land to agri-
cultural colleges. 1 do not think it is going to
lead to debate.
Mr. PEARCE. I want to th row myself on the
indulgence of the Senator from Ohio, and of the
Senate. The condition of my health is such as to
make it very uncertain how long I shall be able
to continue to attend the Senate; and I desire to
ask to have a bill taken up which passed this body
some time ago, has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives this year, and come to the Senate, and
been reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
I apprehend it will consume very little time. It
will be personally a very great gratification to me,
if allowed. It is House bill No. 183, to provide
for the settlement of the accounts of John A.
Smith, clerk of the circuit court and criminal
court of the District of Columbia.
Mr. WADE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to take up that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 183) to provide for the settlement of the ac-
counts oi John A. Smith, clerk of the circuit
court and ciimlnal couit of the District of Co-
lumbia, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs that in all settlements of ac-
counts for fees, emoluments, and allowances by
the clerk of the cneuit and criminal courts of the
District of Columbia, the accounting officers of
the Treasury shall not hold htm responsible for
any fees or charges not actually collected by him
from the panics liable therefor, whenever the
failure to make such collection shall be shown to
result from the insolvcncy, non-ivsidcnce, or other
inability of the parties liable then for; and the
affidavit of the clerk that he has in vain used due
diligence to collect those fee?, accompanied by a
certificate of the distiict attorney that he believes
that the money cannot by due diligence be col-
lected, shall be held and deemed sufficient proof
for the allowance to the clerk of all fees and
charges not actually collected by him; and lie
shall thereupon be entitled to a credit in all settle-
ments of his accounts heretofore made, in which
he is charged for such uncollected fees, and the
former settlements are to be opened for the pui-
pose of giving him credit upon his affidavit and
the certificate ot the district attorney being pro-
duced to the proper accounting officers in support
ot the credit so claimed by him. lie is also to
be credited in all settlements of account, (made
heretofore or winch may be made hereafter,) out
ot the^fee.s collected by him, or due to him, a sal-
ary of #2,500 per annum, for his services as clerk
of the cummal couit during the period in which
he had iceeived no compensation for his services;
and in all settlements made, or to be made, he is
to bp allowed out of his fees collected by or due
to linn in either of the courts, his proper and legal
allowances, and all proper expenses; and it is to
be the duty of the proper accounting officers to
restate all foimer settlements of said accounts,
and settle the same in conformity with the pro-
visions of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a thud leading, lead the third tune, and passed.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF ME. STAKE. !
Mr. SUMNER. I gave notice yesterday that >
1 should to-day call up the resolution for the ex- '
pulsion of the Senator from Oregon, and the Chair j
observed that that was a question of high priv- i
ilege, which would naturally take precedence of i
ali other business. [ so regard it; but the Senator '
from Oregon [Mr. NksmitiiJ lias mentioned to me
this ntoi nnig that his colleague has occasion to '
to leave the city tu-Uay and will not be in lus seat !
for a day or two, and on that account I shall post- i
pone calling it up until the Senator, to whom the
resolution refers, is in his seat; but I shall then
call it up and press it to a vote, and especially
shall I press it before we go to the consideration
of the tax bill.. I do not think it is proper that
any Senator, against whom a committee of this
body has recorded a solemn judgment of dis-
loyalty, shall vote on laying taxes to the amount
of millions upon the loyal people of this country.
LAND FOR AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. WADE. I ren£wmy motion that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill to grant hinds
for agricultural colleges.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 298) donatingpubliclands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts, was resumed as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate; and the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
were concurred in.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move an amend-
ment, in section two, after line twenty, to insert,
" lying within any of the Territories of the Uni-
ted States;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That in no ca&e shall any State to which land
i-erip rna\ thus be issued be allowed to locate the same within
the Junits ot any other skate, or of any Territoiv of the
United rfuuc->, buttheir aj-signees may thus locate said land
«oip upon any of the unappiopuated lands of the United
States subject to private cntiy lying within any of the Ter-
ritories of the United States.
Will the Senator from Ohio accept this amend-
ment ?
Mr. WADE. I cannot agree to the amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to the
Senate that if this bill passes, it will exhaust all
of the valuable lauds within the State of Kansas.
Up to this time, as I stated the other day, Kansas
has received $346 from the Geneial Government.
The Geneial Government appropriated $50,000 to
build a eapitol m the Territory of Kansas. The
building thus erected out of that $50,000 was sold
the other day for $346, and the expenses of the
sale to come out ot it. We have not yet selected
our school lands, and I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands to that subject. The law creating the Ter-
ritory of Kansas gave us the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections in each township for school pur-
poses. Congress, in the spiing of ]S57, passed
a joint resolution authorizing preemptors to settle
upon school lands before the lines were run, to
enter them, and get titles from the Government.
That has exhausted almost all of the school lands
of Kansas ofany value. Before we have our sharp,
the share that has been given to all new States for
railroad purposes, it is proposed by this bill to
exhaust all the valuable land within our border.
Before we have our school lands, Air. President,
it is proposed to Lake the lands of Kansas and give
them to the States of Massachusetts and New
Jersey, and by and by to the States of South
Carolina and Alabama and Georgia. Weaiethe
only State, I believe, that have large quantities of
desirable public lands within our border, the only
State that will be seriously affected by the Lull
under consideration. 1 ask nothing for Kansas
but what I would be willing to concede to every
State in the Union—justice.
1 he effect of this bill will be to throw into the
hands of non-residents almost every foot of val-
uable land in the State. New York, under this
bill, will get a million of aeies of land. Land
scrip for that amount will be issued, and it will
go into the hands of some speculator in the city
ol New "Vork, who will go to Kansas and 1 ocato
it. We shall have entire counties thus held with-
out a possibility of getting a school, without a
possibility of working roads; and shall I tell any
western man here the terrific consequences "row-
ing out of lands held in large quantities by non-
iesidents? You are to inflict tins damage upon
Kansas, and excludc her from her school lands;
and let me say to my colleague that if you pass
the Pacific railroad bill pending, every acre of de-
snablo land in theState wo represent will be taken
under the provisions of this hill, and our children
wijl be left without schooling, and we shall be
felt withouHand to build railroads in our State.
ou will give to South Caiolina and Georgia
lands that our children are entitled to for schools,
and that our people are entitled to for their rail-
