1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
the people speak, they are not to be met by the
cry of " centralization."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Holsian's amend-
ment to strike out the word " person,"and insert
" common schools of the States where collected."
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman,
and Kkllogg of Michigan, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes S3, noes 70.
So the amendment was rejected. •
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend
the thirty-fourth section, by striking out in the
third and fourth lines the words "is required to
be taken in virtue," and to insert in lieu thereof,
"may be taken in pursuance;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
Sec. 34. Jiml be it further enacted, That any person who
sliall be convicted of willfully taking a false oath or affirm-
ation in any of the eases in which an oath or affirmation
may be taken in pursuance of tins act, shall be liable to the
pains and penalties to which pctsons are liable for williul
and corrupt perjury, and shall, moreover, forfeit the sum
of§50 .
I will say to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that I offer this amendment
for the reason that we allow the Secretary of the
Treasury to prescribe forms in which there may
be oaths, and there should be some penalty for
violating oaths prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, as well as for violating these specific-
ally mentioned in this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to amend by
striking out the whole of the section after the word
" that," as follows:
Any person who shall be convicted of willfully taking a
false oath or affirmation m any of the cases in which an
oath or affirmation is required to be taken in vtitue of this
act, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which per-
sons aie liable for willful and coriupt perjury, and shall,
moieover, foileit the sum of §500.
And to insert in lieu thereof, the following:
If persons in any case, matter, hearing, ot other proceed-
in? in wiuch an oath or atfumation shall be required to be
taken or administered under or by virtue of this act. shall,
upon the taking of such oath or affirmation, knowingly and
willingly swear or affirm lalscly, eveiy person so offending
shall he deemed guilty of pcipuv, and .shall, on conviction
thereof, be subject to the like punishment and penalties
now provided by the laws of the United States for the crime
of peijuiy.
T suppose that it was the intention of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report this section
in such manner as to punish per jury as thatenme
is now punished by the laws of the "United States;
but I do not think that the crime is so defined or
punished. Under the laws of the United States
it is necessary, to constitute the crime of peijury,
that the offense shall be committed knowingly and
willfully. I suppose that it was also the inten-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means to
affix the same degree of punishment to the crime
of perjury that is affixed under the laws of the
United States. As the section now stands, it in-
flicts the same punishment, with the additional
penalty of §500.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
the amendment by adding to the section the words
" nothing in this section contained shall be deemed
to apply to official or prospective oaths."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word " falsely," the
words " orshall willfully or corruptly violate such
oath or affirmation."
Mr. WORCESTER. My substitute defines
the crime of perjury precisely as the definition of
the offense is given in the iaws of the United
States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly; but I want to
make provision that it shall be perjury in law—
and, of course, it is competent for the Government
of the United States to make it so—for any offi-
cial or person to violate the duties imposed upon
himby his path. If he does not violate ins oath
it will do him no harm, and if he does he shall
be held guilty of perjury.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. Worcester's substitute for the section
was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the thirty-
fifth section by striking out the words " assessors
and assistant assessors," and inserting, in lieu
thereof, the words " deputy collectors;" so that
it will read:
Sec. 35. Jlnd br.ilfmther enw.tc.d, That separate accounts
shall be kept at the Treasury of all moneys received from
internal duties or taxes in cach of the respective States,
Territories, and collection districts; and that separate ac-
counts shall be kept of the amount of each species of duty
or tax that shall accrue, so as to exhibit, as lar as may be,
the amount collected from each source of revenue, with
the moneys paid to the collectors, deputy collectors, and to
the other officers employed in each of the rcspcctive States,
Territories, and collection districts, an abstract in tabular
form of which accounts it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, annually, m the month of December,
to lay before Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to amend the thirty-
sixth section by striking out the word " four," in
the fourth line, and inserting in lieu thereof the
word " two;" so that it will read:
That there shall bo allowed to the collectors appointed
under this act, in full compensation for their services and
that of their deputies in carrying this act into effect, a com-
mission of two per cent, upon the first $100,000.
It seems to me that the compensation fixed in
this section is entirely too large. I know that we
have no exact data to enable us to calculate the
amount which any given collector may have to
collect; but these collections will be, in my opin-
ion, in very large sums. Some manufacturing es-
tablishments will pay as high perhaps as from
twenty to thirty thousand dollars per annum, arid
a large number from one thousand to fifteen hun-
dred dollars per annum. Tt seems to me that a
commission of four per cent, on such large sums
is entirely too much. I think that a commission
of two per cent, would be ample compensation for
1 optrvvq
Mr. STEVENS. This is another move in the
same direction—cutting down the pay of men in
order that small men may get into office. Recol-
lect that the collector has to pay all his deputies
and all his expenses, and that no matter what the
amount of his collections may be, his compensa-
tion cannot exceed $8,000. I think that that is too
small, but the Committee of Ways and Means
finally agreed upon it. I hope the rate will not be
cut down, but that the collectors at least will be
allowed a decent compensation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the amendment by reducing the rate of compensa-
tion one and a half per cent. I am very sorry to
disagree with the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, for I know that he is pretty
generally right, and he always intends to be rea-
sonable. But with due deference to him, I beg to
say that I do not believe he has given to this por-
tion of (he bill that consideration which he ought
to have given it, afid which he probably would
have given it, if he had not been pressed with other
business. The Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means says that the compensation is
limited to §8,000. i wish to ask him how large
is the district for which $8,000 is to be paid?
Mr. STEVENiS. It may be half a State, it
may be the quarter of a State, or it may be the
whole of a State. It depends upon the President
in making out the districts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The gentleman
will see ai once that for a whole State the compen-
sation of §8,000 is quite too low. Nobody could
afford to collect $3,000,000 or $4,000,000—as will
have to be collected in some States—for $8,000.
No one could afford to organize collections over
an entire State for §8,000, Then again, if the Presi-
dent sees fit to cut up a State into counties and
make them collection districts, §8,000 is evidently
too large a compensation for the collectors. This
limitation cannot be regarded as an essential feat*
ure in the bill, for it all turns upon the size of the
districts which the President may think fit to make.
Mr. STEVENS, if the districts are cut up
into counties, how much would be collected in
counties generally?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In certain coun-
ties it will amount to many thousands of dollars—
to more than $100,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Not iu many counties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If in only one
county, would not the gentleman regret to see a
man receive§4,000forcollccting§100,000? Would
the gentleman give such compensation?
Air. STEVEN'S. I would, for the responsi-
bility, and I would think him very badly paid.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 do not agree
with the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that in order to get good men you must
give exorbitant compensation. Men are found in
the eastern States to give bonds and collect faith-
fully our taxes, and they are generally paid only
from one to two per ceot., and no mileage. That
includes every perquisite. These men collect
faithfully. They go about and pick up their taxes,
from fifty cents to $100. Here collectors will not
have to pick up small sums; but will go to man-
ufacturing establishments and collect, frequently,
many thousands of dollars in a day. This bill,
too, is much more stringent than the tax laws in
States. Under this bill, advertisements will be
published requiring persons to come in and pay
their taxes to the collector. The collector is only
to call once; after that he is paid for every step of
travel he takes, and for every moment of time he
spends in enforcing collection. Now, in all the
New England States—yes, in nearly all the States
—this tax can be collected for a commission of
two per cent., without mileage. I know that the
best qualified men in the country would be de-
lighted to give bonds to collect all the taxes in
New England for a commission of two percent.,
without mileage.
Mr. SARGrENT. If the gentleman will notice
the proposition he will find that, on the average,
the amount of commission allowed is less than
one per cent.; and he proposes to take a contract
for double the price which the Committee of Ways
and Means proposes to pay. Suppose that these
collection districts are fixed so that $1,000,000 of
taxes will be collected in each; on the nrst§100,000
the commission would be $4,000; on the second
§100,000 the commission would be §1,000. On the
remaining $800,000, the tax would be §2,000;
making a commission of §9,000 on the whole mil-
lion, or nine tenths of one per cent. But when the
aggregate exceeds §8,000, it is curtailed to that
sum. Now, we provided in the tax bill passed at
the extra session to allow fifteen per cent, to the
States that would assume the assessment and col-
lection of the tax, and here we are higgling at
paying less than one per cent.
I think that this section is defective. I think
that instead of giving the larger commission for
the first §100,000 collected, the smallest rate of
commission should be fixed for it. It is obvious
to every one that the first collections can be made
most easily. They will be collected from the large
manufacturers. But the collection of every dollar
afterwards becomes harder and harder. In order
to stimulate the energies of the collectors, we
ought to increase the rate of compensation for
every additional §100,000 collected. I would re-
verse the rule. I would suggesttogive one half or
one per cent, for the first §300,000, and increase
the commission for every additional §100,000, so
as to induce the collection of all the remnants of
taxes. But I submit, that when, under the pro-
visions of this bill, you give to the collector who
collects millions of dollars only §8,000, while you
give the same compensation for the collection of
a much smaller sum, you will find it impossible
to collect the remaining portion of the taxes after
the amount sufficient to secure the maximum com-
pensation has been collected. It seems to me that
gentlemen must see the difficulty of collecting
what remains after the collector has once been
over his district, and the injustice of requiring it,
unless you give areasonable compensation. The
entire amount, as I have suggested, is only one
fifteenth the amount provided to be paid in the
provisions of the act of the last session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the committer to say a word in
reply to the remarks of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. STEVENS. I think if the gentleman wants
to say anything more he should withdraw his
amendmentand propose another. We shall never
get through unless we conform to the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question then recurs
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the romprnsation
one and a quarter per cent. I desire to say that
I still think this percentage is entirely too high,
although the gentleman from California seems to
be of the contrary opinion. So far as his State is
concerncd I am not certain but what he is right in
saying that the compensation is not high enough.
