3208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
so far as the Territory of New Mexico is con-
cerned. X understand that there are about one
thousand private land claims'in New Mexico. I
do not know the condition of the claimants of pri-
vate lands in California. I presume, if they are
in the same condition as those in New Mexico,
that there would be no reason why the law should
not extend to them.
Mr. LOW". I have no objection to the bill as
reported by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, l^ut
I certainly can see no reason why there should be
any distinction made. If it is applicable at all, it
is certainly applicable to all parts of the United
" States where there are private land claims out-
standing.
Mr. WATTS. So far as land titles in New
Mexico are concerned, I am familiar with them,
as my attention has been particularly directed to
them. As to land titles in California, I am not
able to speak. Bat I do say this: that whenever
a Mexican citizen or anybody else luis purchased
and paid a foreign Government for his land, and
received a perfect title to it, the Government of the
United States ought not, either in common justice
or common honesty, impose any tax or contribu-
tion whatever on that citizen for the purpose of
perfecting that title. It is already perfect. You
might justas well require the people of New Mex-
ico to take the coin out of their pockets because
it has the Mexican stamp upon it, and send it to
the United States Mint to have it recoincd. It is
an injustice and a wrong that ought not to be per-
petrated on any people. It is the business of the
Government to separate the public lands in that
Territory from the private lands, and it is for the
interest of the Government that it should be done.
What better titles do the people of New Mexico
want to their land than they have? Their titles
run back to 1680. Their ancestors cultivated these
lands for years before the Pilgrim Fathers landed
on the rock of Plymouth; and it would be the
rankest injustice to say to them that they must
now perfect their titles. I agree with my friend
from California, that it is equally unjust to require
his constituentsto pay the expenses of survey.
1 could not in justice to myself or to my con-
stituents—having drafted a bill to meet the partic-
ular case of the people of New Mexico, to bo con-
sidered on its merits—step out of the way for the
purpose of including California land claims or the
claims of anybody else. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman is right in his views in regard to California,
but that is no good reason why this bill should be
embarrassed with the claims of his constituents.
Mr. LOW. If the gentleman is not willing to
include California, I propose then that the pro-
vision shall be math; general, and for that purpose
I move to amend, by striking out the words " so
far as they apply to the Territory of New Mex-
ico."
Mr. TRIMBLE. 1 desire to ask whether this
bill has been printed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it has not been printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. This bill, as I under-
stand it from its reading, proposes to repeal what
seems to me to be a very wise provision of law,
that these men who have private land claims shall
have their claims surveyed at their own expense
before patents are issued for them.
The SPEAKER. The bill provides for repeal-
ing a provision of law passed in May last.
Mr. NOELL. 1 desire to say in regard to this
proposition, that the pi action has been to order
these private land claims surveyed before the pat-
ent issues, at the expense of the Government, and
without cost to the claimant. The object of this
bill is to place those claimants in New Mexico
upon the same footing as those in the States. I
know in Missouri the land claims of citizens un-
der old French grants havealways beensurveyed
at the expense of the Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The provision of law
that the Government shall pay for surveying the
irfnd claims in Missouri, where the lands in dis-
pute are in small parcels, may have been very well,
but the same reason does notapply toNew Mex-
ico, where the claims embrace immense amounts
of land. I do not think it is any great hardship
there to require that the claimants shall pay for
the survey of their own lands.
Mr. NOELL. I will say to the gentleman from
Illinois, that I do not understand that the extent
of the claims alters the justice of the practice in
anyway whatever. Before the intervention of the
United States Government, the title of these par-
ties to their lands was perfect. But this Govern-
ment has established a system under which it is
incumbent upon them to procure the recognition
of their title by the United States. Nowitseems^
to me, after requiring these parties to establish
the validity of their claims to the satisfaction of
the United States, it is hardly just to require that
they shall incur the further expense of having
their lands resurveyed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to ask what
were the reasons urged for the passage of the law
which it is now sought to repeal?
Mr. POTTER. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will state the reasons why that bill was passed.
If the gentleman will refer to the reportof the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the report of the Com-
missioner of PublicLands, he will learn why Con-
gress passed the act to -which he has referred. It
is stated thero that a very large amount has hith-
erto been paid by the Government of the United
States for the survey of private land claims. The
bill passed in May provided that in future when
these private lands are surveyed by the Govern-
ment, it shall be at the expense of the claimant.
This bill repeals that provision of the act of May
last leaving the requirement still that the land shall
be surveyed before a paten tissues, but that it shall
be done at the expense of the Government.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate have agreed to the joint resolution of
the Senate (No. 80) authorizing the State of Min-
nesota to change the line of certain branch rail-
roads in said State, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
have passed a bill of the House (No. 556) to change
the place of holding the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the district of West Ten-
nessee, without amendment.
The message further announced that the Senate
have passed bills of the House of the following
titles, with amendments; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 531) increasing temporarily the
duties on imports, and for other purposes; and
An act (No. 438) to grant pensions.
private land claims—again.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from Wisconsin to the fact that the
expense of which he has spoken is incurred for
the survey of private land claims in California
and New Mexico which have once been surveyed,
and their titles have once been perfected, and now
when the question of their title is reopened by the
Government, and when after the claim has again
been perfected, the Government still requires that
the land shall be resurveyed before the patent can
issue, the claimant ought not to be burdened with
the expense.
I ask the gentleman to remember that the sur-
veys which are intended to be included in this bill
only apply to land the title of which has been con-
firmed, and that these surveys are needed for the
protection of the Government for the purpose of
ascertaining what land is and what is not open for
public sale. The requirement has therefore been
made that the resurvey shall take place before the
patent issues. It is not proposed that surveys shall
be made of lands the private title to which has not
been confirmed at theexpense of the Government.
It would not be proper that it should be done at
theexpense of the Government; but it is certainly
unjust to these private claimants to provide that
after their titles have been confirmed, their lands
shall be surveyed at their own expense.
Mr. POTTER. I do not think there is any great
hardship in requiring those parties holding- im-
mense tracts of land in California and New Mex-
ico to pay for the expense of surveying their own
lands.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. The injustice
of requiring these claimants to pay for their sur-
veys is obvious. They are the grantees of these
lands from the Government of Mexico. They
hold their titles by virtue of grants made by that
Government. Before the acquisition of the terri-
tory from Mexico these parties were in the enjoy-
ment of their lands, having a title thereto which
was recognized by their own Government as per-
fect and absolute. But it became necessary, after
the acquisition of the territory, that the Govern-
ment should separate the lands held by private
individuals from the public domain, so that the
Government might know what portion of the pub-
lic domain was liable to appropriaiion for other
purposes. The Government, therefore, required
these claimants to bring in their claims, and file
their titles in the archives of the Government, in
order that they might be surveyed, and separated
from the public domain.
Now, sir, this Government has stipulated by
treaty to guaranty the titles of persons holding
them under the grants of the Government of Mex-
ico. It is, therefore, not with us a question of
what is just, but it is a question of good faith upon
the part of the Government. We are bound by
treaty stipulations to see that they are so protected
in the possession of theirlands. Wecannot, there-
fore, properly subject them to the expenses ot
surveying their lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is not this a mere ques-
tion of marking the boundaries^ of the private
claims of these parties. Now, if these persons _
want the boundaries of their claims marked, let it
be done at their own expense.
Mr. WATTS. These parties do not want their
claims resurveyed, nor their boundaries marked.
That was all done one hundred and fifty years ago.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then what else is re-
quired ?
Mr. WATTS. These surveys have been or-
dered by the Government itself, and I think it is
but right and proper that the Government shall
pay for it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. The Govern-
ment has decided that it is necessary that these
lands shall be resurveyed.
Now, sir, one word as to the necessity of re-
pealing this provision of the act of May last. The
Commissioner of the Land Office says the surveys
were made at the expense of the Government.
Grant it; but that is no reason why these people
should pay for it. It is an expense we were sub-
jected to by reason of our treaty stipulations. The
Land Office gave no reason and nobody has given
any reason for making these persons pay the
expense.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman state by
what treaties we are bound to make these surveys?
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. We have the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and by that we are
bound to guaranty these titles.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I understand the ques-
tion before the House to be simply this: whether
privileges shall be extended to the people of New
Mexico in reference to the survey of the public
lands; in other words, whether they shall not be
compelled to pay for the survey of the lands within
that Territory the same as the people in other Ter-
ritories pay for the survey of their lands and the
expense of the entry thereof.
If that be the proposition made by the gentle-
man from New Mexico, for one, I am opposed to
extending to those people there, even if ihey set-
tled in that country long before the declaration of
independence in New Mexico, any favor of that
kind. My reason is this: if you will look at the
history of this war, so far as it has been developed
in New Mexico, you will find that, though they
boast of a population of one hundred thousand,
and ought to be able to turn out ten thousand
troops for the defense of the country and for sup-
pressing this rebellion, they have raised but a very
limited number. I say, looking at the matter in
that point of view, what aid and support has she
given to the Government of the United States?
I know the regular force that has been placed
there; and I am acquainted with Colonel Canby,
and the force under his command; and you will
find that, when they are organized into regiments,
they do not stand up like men, like American cit-
izens, and fight to protect their country and their
land. If, then, they are this kind of people, they
are not entitled to this kind offavor, and unusual
privileges should not be extended totliem. Al-
ready this Congress has extended to them privi-
leges which never have been extended to the peo-
ple of other Territories. You find that appropria-
tions have been made by previous Congresses in
favor of that Territory, for the purpos? of erecting
public buildings within that Territory, and these
appropriations htive been offset against the direct
tax which has been assessed against the people of
