1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I suppose it will cost very much more to collcct
these taxes in California than the other States;
but I hope he will not drive the other States into
paying too much for the sake of getting the proper
compensation m California. I should much pre-
fer to insert a clause in this bill giving the collect-
ors in California, as we have already agreed to
give the assessors, extra compensation, at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, sir, the gentleman from California speaks
of the large sums that will be received by these
collectors in small districts, while §8,000 is all
that they can receive in the large districts. The
gentleman seems to be under the impression that
these distiicts are to be very large. Now, sir, I
ask the gentleman, and I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means again, what is to
be the size of these collection districts.' I admit
that if each district is to embrace a State, the pay,
limited to $8,000, provided for by the bill, is too
low; but if States are to be cut up into counties
then the compensation is a great deal too much.
That is all. The size of the district and the
amount of pay should be in proportion. Suppose,
for instance, this city or District be divided into
three or four collection districts, it is unreasona-
ble to think of paying each collector four per cent,
upon all' the money he collects, though it might
not make the amount of $8,000. And so go to
the city of Boston or the city of Lowell. I ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means if he does not think four per cent, is an
unreasonable amount to pay m such cases?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not consider four per
cent, quite enough anywhere. But the gentleman
. will understand Lhat this bill is not intended to
operate in the city of New York or in New Eng-
land particularly, nor is the compensation to^ be
paid the collectors to be paid by the State of New
York or by New England particularly. It is to
come out of the general tax. 1 hey do not pay
it any more than we pay it. They pay the taxes
which are assessed upon them and no more.
Now, I know that there may be a considerable
difference in the price of labor, and in the [irice of
professional services m the different parts of the
country. No decent lawyer m Pennsylvania would
undertake the collection of any sum of money from
<100 to $1,000, and be at the responsibility of pay-
in"- it over, for less than ten per cent. And yet I
have no doubt that in Maine and New Hampshire
you can get—at any rate I know when I lived in
that country you could get—a lawyer to do all the
work about a suit for about fifty cents, and lie
would consider himselt pretty well paid at that.
[Laughter.] It may be so now. I do not know
how ft is. But, sir, we must have a uniform lule.
If the gentleman fiom Maine wants to except New
England or any portion of it and provide that the
collectors there shall receive two per cent, or any
smaller amount, I will not object to it. But if you
undertake to make a different rule for different
States, see what will be the result. If you add op.
something for California you must take off some-
thing for Maine and New Hampshire. You can-
not do that; you must take a fair average for the
whole, and 1 say you cannot get good men, and
men who will be responsible for the money tor a
less compensation tlmn is provided in this lull.
As I have remarked, this four per cent, may be too
large in the large cities and in New England, but
if gentlemen will take the adjoining States for in-
stance, take Maryland and Pennsylvania, I think
theamountoffourpercent. upon the first §100,000
is entirely too small—too small in comparison with
what is paid m private business for the labor anil
responsibility incurred, Ttou must recollect that
something must be allowed for lesponsibility. If
a man is to collect §100,000 and be responsible for
it, it is not the meie manual, physical labor that
he is to be paid for, it is the responsibility; and I
say it is a petty—I will not say niggardly—system.
1 say that it is'notatall an adequate compensation.
You save but little, and the chances are that you
will lose a good deal. I do hope that the House
will think that the Committee of Ways and Means
have fixed the compensation low enough, iknow
that in some States it will be too low and in others
too high; but upon the average I think it is about
right.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Hutchins
was disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. In order to give the com-
mittee an opportunity to vote upon the sliding
scale I have suggested, I will move to amend in
line four, so as to make it read as follows:
A commission of a half per cent, upon the first ,$300,000,
one per cent, upon tile second $300,000, and three per cent,
upon all sums moie than $600,000.
Now, sir,. I think that the committee willagree
with me that the piinciplc of this amendment is
correct. I think that after a collector shall have
once gone over (vgiven distnct} the laboi of col-
lecting what remains will be very materially in-
creased, and your collcctois will not be disposed
to encounter that labor, if you provide that where
the labor is increased the compensation shall be
diminished. Now, I know that in my own State
this principle is adopted in the collection of the
tax on foreign miners' licenses. The sum of five
per cent, is paid for the collection of the first
830,000, and for the next $30,000 the commission
is increased to ten per cent., and in this way a
very largo amount of revenue is collected by the
State. .
Now, if a collector has gone once over his dis-
trict and collected the large sums, for which he
rcccives a large compensation, he will not be dis-
posed to go over it again and collect smaller sums
for a less compensation, provided the smaller com-
pensation is not sufficient to remunerate him for
his trouble. For that reason 1 submit my amend-
ment, and hope it will be adopted. Of course, I
must defer to the larger experience of older mem-
bers of the House, but I can see no reason why
these men should be paid less compensation in
proportion to the increase of the labor to be per-
formed. ,
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I trust that the
amendment offered by my colleague will not be
adopted. I think he has overlooked this fact, that
the result of the amendment would be to decrease
the pay for the colleciioii of those Uixes in the
smaller districts where it will be attended with the
greatest labor and cost. His argument would be
coirect if only applied to the great cities, such as
Boston, Now York, and Philadelphia; but when
you conn: to apply it to the whole country, there
are districts where, if they are the largest which
have been proposed, the whole amount collected
will not exceed three or fouV hundred thousand
dollars; and I submit to my colleague, therefore,
that the effect of his amendment, if adopted, would
be, in its general application, to give the least com-
pensation to the districts where the duties of the
collector will be attended with the greatest labor
and expense, while in the larger districts, where
the labor is comparatively small, the compensa-
tion will be greater.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HARDING. I move to strike out the
words, " ten cents for each and every mile trav-
eled, and."
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment for the
purpose of raising the whole question of the pro-
priety of providing compensation for collectors in
this way. The collectors under this bill ought to
have liberal compensation. There ought to be
allowed such compensation to them as will s™m-e
the services of competent and honest men. I he
question is, whether compensation can be safely
provided by allowing mileage at all ? If four per
cent, be not enough, then 1 am in favor of enlaig-
ing it so as to make the compensation adequate,
ami at the same time certain.
Under the clause as it now stands, allowing ten
cents a mile for travel, I venture to say that in
eveiy solitary instance the collector will not only
receive Ins four per cent, on the amount collected,
but for every day engaged in making collections,
at least three dollars in addition. He will receive
three dollars mileage if he only travels fifteen
miles from his residence and returns. Iheie is
not a solitary collector who will not teceive that
lioi a wwuull v .
amount of mileage every day while he is engaged
in collecting. Even the honest and conscientious
i collector will receive that amount. He will keep
! a true account of the number of miles that he may
i travel while he, is out collecting. He will , under
| this bill, receive twenty cents a mile, and lie will
travel at least fifteen miles a day trom his resi-
! dence, or thirty miles, adding the fifteen miles of
! return, which would make three dollars. Some
| will secure more than that. Some may
dollars a day. This mileage, it will be found,
I will run up to an enormous amount.
The collector is to keep an account for himself
of the miles that ho has traveled. It is impossi-
ble, in the very nature of the case, to keep any-
check over him. Here, then, of itselfis the source
of great temptation. The greater the want of con-
science on the part of the collector the greater will
be his compensation. There will be no check on
him, and he can charge what he likes. Let us,
therefore, strike out this mileage provision. Four
and five dollars a day, in some instances ten dol-
lars a day, may be charged for mileage by the col-
lectors under this bill. There is no-sortof check
upon the collector. He is to keep an account of
his travel, and it is entirely left to his discretion
to say what he will charge. Abuses of the most
odious character will occur. They cannot be pre-
vented. In the vast army of collectors to which
this bill will give rise, it is to be expected that
there will be numbers of dishonest, or atleast un-
conscientious men. There is no check on them.
I would therefore strike out this whole provision
in regard to mileage. If four per cent, be not
enough, make it five per cent, or six per cent.
Make the compensation ofthese officers adequate,
but I hope that it will also be made certain. Leave
it not to these men to compute and charge their
own mileage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would prefer
that the mileage should be much reduced, rather
than this feature of the measure should be stricken
out. I move that it be reduced to five cents a
mile. , ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope that the
amendment to the amendment will not prevail.
Let us do away with this mileage provision here
as we did in the case of the assessors. There is
no necessity for it. We struck it out in the case
of the assessors, and we ought to strike it out here
in order to be consistent. We have had some
experience about the trouble of ascertaining the
number of miles traveled oven among the mem-
bers of Congress. I believe that if this House
could look over the charges which have been made
by members for mileage—and we must considei
that members of Congress would not do what is
wrong, and ask for more pay than they were
really entitled to—if they could see the enormous
and monstrous mistakes that have been made, I
am sure that they would not retain this provision
in this bill. Some members of Congress, sir, can-
not tell within two thousand miles of the distance
they have had to travel to attend the sessions of
this House. I see that my friend from California
[Mr Saroent] laughs. I do not refer to him.
Mr. SARGENT. I accept the apology.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 mean the gentle-
man's predecessor. Is it reasonable to suppose,
when members of Congress make such enormous
mistakes as not to be able to tell within two thou-
sand miles of the distance to this Capitol
their homes—that when honest and honorable
members of Congress make such mistakes m their
accounts—any of these collectors will bo less free
from that human weakness? There can be no
o-ood in this mileage arrangement; but, on the con-
trary, it will give rise to great abuses; and I hope
that it will be stricken out. .
Mr. MALLOllY. There is a Committee ot
Mileage in this House, whose duty it is to fix the
distances for which members are entitled to mile-
age; and I make this statement to relieve the mem-
bers of the House from the serious imputation
which it is attempted to put on them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe that
the gentleman did notget through that committee.
But you cannot have a committee as a check upon
these collectors in their accounts for mileage.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to reduce it to four
cents per mile. I desire, sir, to make a few ob-
servations m regard to the bill generally. I want
its pro visions amended and perfected asfai as pos-
sible. At best it will be received by the people as
an unpopular measure; but if theie is one thing
more than another which will make the bill dis-
tasteful it is allowing this class of officeholders
to "o aiound the country and, for discharging not
very heavy duties, receive the enormous salaries
which are here contemplated. They will loudly
protest against these collectors receiving $8,000 a
year each, provided that the amounts of their col-
lection will entitle them to that sum. There are
no officeis in the State from which I come, State
HO omceio in uk; 1 i whj - -
or Federal, who receive any such compensation as
that. We have the best men in the State tor bank
