1862.
the mmnmrnoNAL globe.
3209
New Mexico. Is that right? We have said the
people of-New Mexico shall be exonerated from
the paymentoftheir taxes. Ifthey willnotfightfor
the defense of their lands, and will not raise a tax
for the purpose of carrying on the war, shall we
extend unusual benefits to them ? I, for one, am
opposed to it. My people of Nevada are not here
asking such favors of the Government; and I say
that until the people of New Mexico show them-
selves worthy of them, they are not entitled to
any such favors. If they will not come forward
and defend their land and the institutions of our
country, let us not treat them with such favor,
and say that we will exonerate them from the pay-
ment of taxes, we will pay for the survey of their
lands, and they shall be a privileged class in this
country. I want to see all communities come for-
ward and show that they are willing to protect
the institutions of the country, and then we will
extend to them all th£ privileges and benefits of
the Government in our power.
Mr. WATTS. The House will indulge me a
moment or two while I payumy respects to the
Delegate from Nevada. Had he contented him-
self with defending his own gallant and glorious
people and their interests, I should not have felt
called upon to reply to his remarks. But he has
seen fit to thrust himself before this House, not
only as the defen^ter of his own constituents, but
for the purpose of making an attack upon mine,
and, permit me to say to him and to the House,
with as little truth as justice.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I do not wish to put
myself in the wrong, but if I understand the mat-
ter, these regiments raised in New Mexico by Col-
onel Canby, ran as fast as tfcey could 
Mr. WATTS. They may have run, but the
gentleman never had courage enough to raise a
regiment in his Territory, and bring it into the
field to see whether they would run or not.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. We have raised a
thousand troops for this war.
Mr. WATTS. Let me say to the Delegate from
Nevada, that his Territory never yet had a soldier
upon the battle-field.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. We have raised a
thousand troops for the field; a larger number, in
proportion to our population, than any State of the
Union.
Mr. WATTS. And I expect they will be as
likely to run as any other troops, if they ever get
where the enemy is. [Laughter.] I do not think
that Providence has made a special exception in
favor of Nevada, by which all of courage, ail of
honesty, and all of patriotism is concentrated in
that little spot. I may be mistaken about this
matter; and if I am, I will correct my error when-
ever I discover it.
So far as the troops of New Mexico are con-
cerned, it is unnecessary to enter upon any de-
fense of them. I am willing that they shall stand
by the public records of the country. There have
been regiments in NewMexico which have fought
with as much gallantry as any other troops, and
1 appeal to the records of the country to sustain
my assertion. All troops are liable to be slan-
dered. There is not a State in the Union which
has troops in the field where false and slanderous
reports have not been circulated by somebody or
other who wished to raise a prejudice against
them.
But that is not the question here. I do not ask
for any exclusive privileges for the people of New
Mexico. I ask for the people of New Mexico the
same privileges which the gentleman from Nevada
asks for the people of his own Territory.
Suppose the people of Nevada purchase at $1 25
an acre a hundred and sixty acres of iandjdu you
tax them for the expense of the resurvcy of that
one hundred and sixty acres > The injustice of it
is obvious to the dullest and most stupid mind.
These people of New Mexico have already paid
a full consideration for their land, received a per-
fect title from the preceding Government—a title
which we bound ourselves by the most solemn
obligation to protect and preserve; and now would
it be just and fair to compel them to surrender
their titles and have them repassed upon by the
Governmentof the United States, resurveyed un-
der a compulsory law of the Government of the
United States, and then refuse a return of their
original title or give them a new title, unless they
pay the expense of the resurvey ?
1 will read the eigh th section of -the treaty to
which allusion has been made:
"Art.8. -Mexicans now established in territories pre-
viously belonging to Mexico, and which remain for the fu-
ture within the limits of the United States as defined by
the present treaty, shall be free to continue where they now
reside, or to remove at any time to the Mexican republic,
retaining the property which they possess in the said ter-
ritories, or disposing thereof, and removing the proceeds
wherever they please, without their being subjected, on this
account to any contribution, tax, or charge whatever."
That is the stipulation of the treaty. I think I
have now answered, and I trust satisfactorily to
the House the remarks of the gentleman as to the
legality and justness of this measure.
So far as the other allusion of the Delegate from
Nevada is concerned, I have no reply to make
except to present to him the illustration on one of
the first copper cents ever issued by the United
States, where, in bold lines, it is written across
the bottom " mind yourown business." [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. OLIN. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JBLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow the previous question to be called
first on this bill.
Mr. OLIN. I think this bill has occupied time
enough.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. And therefore
I want to dispose of itatonce. Itisrequisue that
it should pass.
Mr. OLIN. Will it be in order for me to state
now what bill I propose to have taken up?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Loyejoy and
Stiles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 14, noes 81.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move the pre-
vious question on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I ask that the
bill and the letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be again read.
The bill and letter were read.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Bnkei, Bingham, Francis P. Blair. Campbell,
Clements, Conway, Covode, Delano, Delaplalne, Diven,
Edgciton, Fmnehot, Goodwin, Granger, Gmlci, Ilaulmg,
Il.unson, Hickman, Ilorton, Hutching Johnson, Julian,
Kelly, Francis W. Kellogg, Kilhn^er, McKean. Maiston,
May, Nobly, Norton, John >S. Phelps. J'oineioy, Pi tee, Ed-
w«ud II. Rollins. S. Itollins, Scgar, Smith, Vallnnrtig-
ham, Vandever, Van Valkenfourgh, Van Wyck, Vihbaul,
Wadswoith, YVhaley, Chilton A. White, Woodrutf, and
Wright.
One hundred and twenty-nine members having
answered to their names,
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, moved that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled acts of the follow-
ing tales; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 342) for the establishment of
certain national arsenals;
An act (S. No. 352) to carry into effect the
treaty between the United Statesand her Britannic
Maiesty for the suppression of the African slave
trade; and
An act (S. No. 102) to amend an act entitled
"An act to divide the State of Illinois into two
judicial districts," approved February 13, 1855.
BUSINESS ON SPEAKERS TABLE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the House pro-
ceeded to the business on the Speaker's table.
JUDICIARY SYSTEM.
- The firstbusiness taken up was Senate bill (No.
89) to amend the act of 3d of March, 1837, entitled
"An act supplementary to the act entitled 'An
act to amend the judicial system of the United
States,' " with the House amendments thereto.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the House insist
on its amendments, and ask a committee of con-
ference.
The motion.was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not know how that
bill has got before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is in the regular order of
business.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That is a bill which
ought not to pass.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the motion to recon-
sider be notlaid on the table, will it not be in order
to reconsider the vote asking for a committee of
conference, and to move to postpone the consid-
eration of the amendments till next session?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider
shall prevail, the bill will be before the House for
its action.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to get it before
the House for its action. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the amendments
be read.
The action of the Senate on the House amend-
ments was read. The Senate agrees to the third
and fifth amendments of the House, disagrees to
the first and fourth, and agrees to the second, with
an amendment that the districts of Ohio, Michi-
gan, and Indiana, shall constitute the seventh cir-
cuit; that the districts of Kentucky, Illinois, and
Wisconsin shall constitute the eighth circuit, and
that the districts of Missouri; Iowa, Kansas, and
Minnesota shall constitute the ninth circuit.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Casey,
Chamberlin, Clark, Colfax, Itoscoe Conkling, Coining,
Cravens, Cutler, Davis, Dunhip, I)nnn, Edwards, Ff sscn-
den, Fouke, Frank,Haight, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lan-
sing, Law, Lehman, Low, McKnight, Mitchell, Moorhead,
Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Odell, Patton,
Pendleton, Periy, Timothy G Phelps, Richardson, Ruldfe,
Itobin&on, Sargent, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, SheMabaiger,
Sherman, Sloan, John 15. Steele, Benjamin F Tl.omd.-,
Trimble, Tiuwbridsc, Von Horn, Vooihec ? Wall, Waul.
Albert S. White, Wilson, Winilom, and Worcestei—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
Beaman, Biridic, Jacob 13. Blair, Dufiinton, Calveti, Clom-
ont-5, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling, Cox, Ci isficlcl, Ciitten
den, Dawes, Duell, Ely, denton, Fisher, Goodwin, Hall,
Uardinp, Kerrigan, Lazcai, Loom is, Lovejoy, Mallory,
Maynard, Men/.io, Mom-, NoHl, Nuqcn, Porter, Scdg
wick, William (J. SteHe. Steven-1. St lie?, SUatton, Fiancis
Thomas, Wallace, Wa^hbuine. We(Mei, and VViokiifte—
45. ,
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
ENGINEER COUPS COMMISSARY DUPAKT.MENT.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, leporfed back with amendment* a bill
(U. R. No. 523) to promote the efficiency of the
corps of engineers and of the commissary depart-
ment.
The bill unites into one corps the corps of en-
gineers and the corps of topographical engineers,
to be called the corps of engineers, its oiganiza-
tion to be as follows: one brigadier general, four
colonels, eight Iieutenantcoloncls, sixteen majors,
twenty-four captains, twenty-four first heuten-"
ants, twenty-four second lieutenants, one ser-
geant major, one quartermastei seigeant, and five
companies of enlisted men, as ptovidfd by law.
The relative rank of the officers of the corps shall
be the same as*before the passage of this act. The
general officer provided for shall be appointed by
selection from the commissioned officers of the
corps; the other vacancies shall be filled by regu-
lar promotion of the present officers and bv grad-
uates of the Military Academy who have heieto-
fore been recommended by the academic board
for the corps of engineers, topographical engi-
neers, or ordnance corps, or who may be recom-
mended to the Secretary of War for appointment
by a board of engineer officers, and ail vacancies
