1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing. I am speaking of the precedents; I am speak-
ing of the action of the body. There is nothing,
therefore, that decides it.
Now let me press it one step further, to show
that this idea of loyalty, founded on mere opinion,
would be subjecting a man to rejection by a mere
majority of the Senate. I admit that, under the
right of expulsion—I have told you so, and I think
there can be no doubt about it—the clause of the
Constitution not being qualified by any restriction
as to the ground of expulsion, the Senate may ex-
pel a member on any ground on which two thirds
agree. Of course, as rational men, they will state
the ground in their order of expulsion; but even
that would not be essen tial for the purpose of mak-
ing the expulsion valid. It is an absolute power,
dependent on will alone. Not so as to qualifica-
tion. The Constitution prescribes the qualifica-
tions of a member of this body. You cannotadd
to them. If you can add to-them in one respect
you can in another. Now, sir, there is no doubt
about it that a man holdinganoffice may be elected
to the Senate. If he comes here and is sworn in
without resigning the office, he will become dis-
qualified, and you could vacate his seat; but you
could not object to his being sworn on the ground
that he hud held the office. It is a very different
thing. Take the whole doctrine of qualification,
and you will find it is a judicial matter dependent
upon facts.
Now, let me take this question of loyalty, as it
is called. I have no objection at all to expelling
a man for want of loyalty to the country. I think
it perfectly right that you should do so; but there
is danger of carrying it to the extent of oppression
if you undertake to determine loyalty founded
upon mere declarations of the party. Letmc bring
a case to your memory. While this country was
engaged in'war with Mexico an honorable and
distinguished gentleman—and I wish it to be
understood that I mean no imputation on him in
the remarks I have got to make—now in the
employ of the Government of the United States,
while his country was at war with Mexico used
this language, that he trusted our troops would be
met, and (t think the language was) welcomed
with bloody hands to hospitable graves. [" No!"
"No!"] Now, sir, do not misunderstand me.
Do not suppose that I think from that that gen-
tleman was disloyal to his country. Other men
might. I think it was a very improper speech;
but I impute it to the heat of debate. I have no
doubt the gentleman has often since regretted it.
I know the country condemned it. It was left to
that proper condemnation of opinion, resting in
opinion, as its proper punishment. No motion
was made to expel him. Suppose that speech had
been made before that honorable gentleman had
been elected to the Senate of the United States
by the Legislature of Ohio, or appointed, if you
please, by the Governor of Ohio, and that it had
been forwarded to the Senate of the United States,
with affidavits that during a war with Mexico he
had used that language. Under the excitement
of the moment men might well say: " Why, that
man is disloyal to his country." I should not
consider it the evidence of disloyalty. 1 should
consider it the evidence of an improper tone of
mind and feeling; but I should require something
more than such a speech as that to justify me m
depriving a party of his acknowledged rights un-
der the Constitution. I should be willing to leave
such declarations to the corrective force of public
opinion; because I know the moment you attempt,
founded on opinion, to condemn men apart from
their acts, there is no safety for those who are
opposed to a party in power. The past history
of the world has shown this to be so. Algernon
Sidney was brought to the block for mere written
words. The world does not sanction that now.
How many men were guillotined during the
French Revolution founded on the denunciation
of being aristocrats, and not loyal to the Gov-
ernment of France? Sir, no greater danger can
happen than the attempt, founded on the mere
declarations of a party, to affect him as if those
declarations were the acts of the party. The cas;e
cited by the honorable Senator is the case of an
existing fact incompatible absolutely with holding
a seat in the House of Representatives—that is,
having a pension from the British Government—
had it been true.
I mention this only as an illustration of the dan-
gers to which this thing leads. Passing all that
entirely, I recur to my original position. The
question of loyalty is too indeterminate in itself.
It rests in opinion. What one man may say is dis-
loyal another may not think disloyal. It may be
that many members of the Senate now may think
it would be disloyal to believe that it would be
wiser and better for this country, if they could,
to adjust amicably by national convention, or in
any other mode, the existing differences, than to
carry on the war. Is that disloyalty ? Is a man
disloyal because he entertains the opinion that the
interests of his whole country, North and South,
would be benefited by one course of things? Again,
there are others who think, because the Adminis-
tration is in power during war, that any opposi-
tion to the course and policy of that Administra-
tion would be disloyal. Many men would think
so honestly. Others would say, no; it is no evi-
dence of disloyalty at all. What definition, then,
can there be put to the term to make it a qualifi-
cation of a party for a scat in the Senate of the
United States in the face of the Constitution of the
United States? There is no certairfty about it. It
depends and rests upon opinion altogether; and
that opinion may be as variable as it can be. Nay,
sir, there is, as we all know, a difference in this
body, as well as in the other House, a« to the mode
and policy on which this war should be carried on.
Some tell us it ought to be carried on for the pur-
pose of extinguishing slavery altogether, and en-
tire emancipation. Others tell us, no; that would
be the destruction of the Union if you attempt to
doit. Which, is loyal? Which is disloyal ? Itde-
pends upon opinion. Each may be equally con-
scientious; and it follows not that either one or
the other is disloyal to the Government because
he may differ as to the means or the propriety of
the mode in which this war ought to be carried on.
I mention these facts to show how dangerous
it would be to introduce, as a qualification not
prescribed by the Constitution, the question of
loyalty. It is not the question of the acts of the
party. It is the question of loyalty. Itisnotthe
question of whether he is holding an office under
a foreign Power, which would be incompatible
with his holding an office here, and might be so
judicially decided by the Senate within the intent
of that clause of the Constitution which prevents
a man from holding an office even under the United
States while he is a member of either body; but
it is a mere question of opinion, nothing more;
and if you attempt, on that ground, by means
of a majority of the Senate, to say that a party
shall not be sworn in, in my judgment you vio-
late the Constitution. If he comes within the
qualifications of the Constitution, or has been ap-
pointed by the proper authority, he has a right to
be sworn in. Against disloyalty, against dishon-
orable conduct, against all that indefinite class of
cases which render a man unfit to be a member
of this Senate, but yet do not touch the question
of qualification, you arc amply protected by the
two-thirds vote of the Senate on the question of
expulsion.
It is becausc I believe, without impugning the
motives of any one, that in times of high excite-
ment, and the history of the world shows it abund-
antly, there is always far more danger that the
judgment will be biased in its decision as to the
rights of the parties than there is in more equable
times, that I think at this period of all others it is
incumbent on this body to adhere rigidly to the
Constitution of the United States. There can be
no prejudice whatever arising from it, as regards
the action and the will of the Senate being carried
out—none whatever. The remedy is ample and
full. But, sir, 1 do hope that sufficient regard for
the Constitution yet lingers in the Senate to decide
as to the qualifications that are enumerated in the
Constitution, and that is not among them, as it is
too uncertain in itself, dependent on opinion, to
be made the standard of qualification,thatitmust
and ought to be left where you leave all the indefi-
nite class of cases for which you would remove a
Senator from a seat in this body-—■under the power
of expulsion.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the case
here presented is no doubt one which has no pre-
cedent. . It will be in vain that precedents are
looked for in relation to a case of this kind. It
is said that we ought, according to the general
usage of the Senate, to permit the person claim-
ing the seat to be sworn, as his credentials are
upon their facc proper, and then take up the ques-
tion of expulsion.; "On the other hand, i^is in-
sisted that the papers presented to the bddy sjiow
that this man is a disloyal citizen,vwas so, when
he was appointed, and remains so now* I.f Sen-
ators will show me that a man who has claime"d
a seat hero under a paper apparently good,/when
it was alleged and offered'to be shown'thathe^as
a disloyal man, or if you please, as 'the Senator
from Delaware has supposed such a cas6, th^t he
was a convicted felon, had been convifctcd of a
crime infamous in morals before he was appoint-
ed, and there was record evidence of it—1 say if
they can show me that in such a case there was a
precedent for a man having been sworn in, I will
follow it. I say there is no such precedent; there
is no such case. I presume the gentleman will not •
dispute me on that point, that there is no such case.
Of course, then, this is a case without a precedent.
Now, the question is—as we are not troubled
with precedents about it—what ought we to do
with it? The honorable Senator from Delaware
starts a variety of pointsin objection to the course
proposed by the Senator from Maine; and the first
of these points, if I understand him, is, that this
matter maybe ground of expulsion, but is not
ground of objection to the gentleman's taking his
seat, or to his qualification. That is the very
point I want examined. To say that we will not
permit it to go out, is to beg that question. It is
to grant that the gentleman's position there is
taken, and we must therefore grant the truth of
that in order to take the course he suggests. Now,
the point I desire to be made is this: let the Ju-
diciary Committee tell us, if they find that the
claimant was a disloyal man when he was elccted,
whetherthatgoes to the qualifications,and whether
we ought to permit him to take his seat; and if it
does not—and they will give their reasons—but
goes merely to the ground of expulsion by two
thirds, let them say that, and tell us whether we
are bound in that state of the case—for we must
now argue as if the charge were true—to permit
the man to be sworn this minute and expel him
the next, with the same case that existed before.
That is the very point I wish examined by the
committee. It is the very objcct for which I wish
this reference made, not merely for an examina-
tion of the fact, but as to whether we can use it,
and ought to use it, as ground for refusing him a
seat, or whether we are confined to using it as
ground for expulsion merely. I do not think we
have aright to beg that question heie until we have
had the report of the committee on that subject,
when we shall take it up in all its bearings. Such,
sir, arc my reasons why I think this subject should
be refeiied. , .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state that the Senator from Delaware modifies
his motion by simply moving to strike out the
word " not," in the motion submitted by the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. HALE. I do not rise for the purpose of
entering into this discussion; but I want to put a
matter of history right in regard to an absent
friend who has been, no doubt unintentionally,
misrepresented by the honorable Senator from
Dclawaie. I refer to the Hon. Mr. Corwin, of
Ohio. I desire to state a single fact in regard to
his speech, which I have before me, andot which
I shall read a few lines. When Mr. Corwin was
nominated as a member of some Cabinet 1 be-
lieve Mr. Fillmore's; I do not know that I am
violating the rules of the Senate—objection was
made to his confirmation on the ground of this
speech to which the Senator fiom Delaware has
alluded, and it was intimated, as the Senator fiom
Delaware says he has no doubt is the fact, that
Mr. Corwin had regretted making that speech, i
was a member of the Senate at that time, and I
took occasion to say that if I thought he ever did
regret it, I would vote against him. I think it one
of the finest speeches that was ever made m the
English language—the very finest—and it is not
obnoxious by any means to the commonly re-
ceived objection that* is made to it. The remark
which Mr. Corwin made, which I will read in a
moment, was just the same in substance as that
which was made, I think, in the British House or
Lords by Lord Chatham at the time of the Ameri-
can Revolution. Said Lord Chatham, " ]ifl weie
an American as I am an Englishman, while a lor-
eign troop remained in my country, 1 never would
laydownmyarms;"-repeatingiumphatically-
" never! never! never!" Well, sir, I will read to
