2250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
slavery. It gave us lands enough; itgave us seven
times as many acres of land as we shall ever
get under any other bill; it had more bribes in it
than any bill I ever saw go through Congress, and
it was really a temptation, because they put into
the English bill a provision that would embrace
and give to our State the entire domain that was
available and valuable, if we would take it and
slavery; but our people, for reasons that they ap-
preciate very well, chose not to take the English
bill. "We chose to risk Congress giving us a por-
tion of the public lands hereafter. We preferred
to trust to thelegislation of Congress. We thought
they would do right with us, and therefore we
refused the English bill, because with all that was
good and sweet and pleasing in it, it mixed up the
institution of slavery and ordained that we should
take that with it; and that was so bitter a pill to
our people that they preferred to let the whole
thing go over, and we only availed ourselves of
that bill to organize a State government and form
a new constitution, and the expenses of that con-
vention have never been paid by the United States.
We had an enabling act in that bill to form a con-
stitution; we formed it by virtue of that act of
Congress; and yet on presenting our claims for
the expenses of that convention which was ordered
by Congress, we have never been able to receive
a dollar; and so of all the constitutional conven-
tions we had. We had three or four, and the
expenses of none of them have been paid except
by our own citizens. So I say that the misfor-
tune of our State in not having its quantity of
public land was because Congress mixed up in
the bill something besides the public lands. We
wanted the lands; that bill was every way accept-
able excepting for the mixture that it contained,
and that was so distasteful to our people that they
■willingly deprived themselves for the present of
the light to the land.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kansas will suspend his remaiks; the morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. POMEItOY. Yes, sir. I desire that this
bill shall go over until to-morrow.
ORDER OF BUSrNJSSS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At this hour,
the unfinished business of yesterday takes prece-
dence of all other orders, general and special, and
that business is the bill (S. No. 310) to suppress
insurrection and to punish treason and rebellion,
and for other purposes, upon which the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky if he will yield to allow me to make a
motion to take up the tax bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I am continued to-day by the
courtesy of the Senate to make my speech. To
conclude the fragment of a speech on any day I
would not interfere with any project that any
gentleman might have. If any gentleman asks
that I shall give way to him to call up any bill
whatever, 1 will assent to his request for that
purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should not make the
motion now but for an understanding with the
Senator that it was from no discouitesy to him
but with his free permission. I move, for the
reasons I have heretofore stated, that all prior
ordeis be dispensed with for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the comsideiatiou of the tax bill, and
on that motion 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
Mr. CLARK. It was perhaps unfortunate that
this bill, Senate bill No. "HO, for the suppression
of insurrection and (ho punishment of treason and
rebellion, should have been antagonized with and
come in the way of the tax bill; but it was justly
said by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] that
if this bill was to be 44 of any avail it should be
early passed." I agreed with that remark at the
time; I feel its force now; I am in favor of this
bill, and I am aiso in tavor of the tax bill; but 1
desire to say to the Senate, and I de&irc to make
the appeal to them, if the tax bill is not of such
piessmg necessity that it must be taken up this
morning for the advancement of the public busi-
ness, that we go on with the bill which we nine
now before the Senate and fimshit. We have con-
sidered it for seveial days, and the time will soon
come when we shall com-- to a vote. 1 tlunk if
we lay it aside and U comes up heieafter, we shall
have the work all to go over again. Such has been
the experience of the Senate, that when we take up
a measure and discuss it for three or four days,
and then lay it aside and take up another meas-
ure, when we come to take it up the second time
we shall have the whole work over again. I dare
say that if we postpone this a week and take it
up then, my friend from Kentucky will make the
same speech he made yesterday, and perhaps all
the speeches he hasmadeon the subject heretofore.
There is no knowing how that may be. As we
go along, the energies, if 1 may so say, of Sena-
tors in speaking exhaust themselves, and the time
will come when, if I may use a phrase of my coun-
try, the pond will run out; but if we shut down
the gate and hold it down a week, it will fill up
again, and then it will run on for three or four days
more. I think we had better go on now and finish
this matter entirely. I think it will advance the
public business. I think such has been the ex-
perience of the Senate. Everybody agrees that
the two measures are to be considered and passed
upon. It is only a question which shall come first,
and I submit to the judgment of the Senate if it is
not better to continue the one we have now under
consideration.
Mr. TEN EYCK. As the yeas and nays have
been called on this question, I desire to make a
few remarks. I hope I shall not be considered as
intending any discourtesy at all to the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] who yielded the
floor last evening, in the course that I intend to
pursue when the vote is taken, because it has
always given me pleasure to hear him speak,
whether he speaks at length or shortly. He al-
ways speaks with force and energy, and, I believe,
with honesty; and that is the kind of speech that
I like to listen to, although sometimes I do not
entirely agree with that Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Jersey will allow the Chair to remark
here, as it is with reference to the debate that has
commenced upon this motion, that the Chair will
be obliged to restrict the debate to the simple ques-
tion of postponement—giving reasons only why
it should or should not be postponed. A motion
to postpone a measure indefinitely opens the j
whole merits of the question to debate; butamo- j
tion to postpone to a day certain, as was correctly
ruled yesterday by the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Foster] then occupying the chair, does
not open the merits of the question for consider-
ation. The Chair is obliged now, in advance, to
state that the debate will be restricted, so far as
the Chair shall be able to do it in the exercise of
his prerogative, to the question before the Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I, of course, have no dis-
position to violate any rule of the Senate, and I
do not understand the Chair as intimating that;
and yet I should regret if the Chair should en-
force a rule harshly upon one who very rarely
indeed attempts to address the Senate. I suppose
1 may, not speaking to the merits of the bill, give
the reasons why I prefer taking up the tax bill,
and my reasons for the postponement of the pres-
ent bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. After the in-
dication of the Chair, Senators will be governed
by their own sense of propriety as to the extent
or limitation of discussion upon the question.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not propose to make
any extended remarks. I have none such to make.
I merely wish to give the reasons why I am m
favor of postponing the matter under considera-
tion,and taking up the tax bill; and as the course
that I am now about to take is contrary to my
pnor course in relation to these measuies, I wish
to state briefly the leasons why I think the sub-
stitution should take place.
I opposed the reference of the several confisca-
tion bills to a select committee two weeks ago.
My reason was, that we had had the matter be-
fore us fur some three or four months, and 1
thought we either understood or ought to have
understood fully the measure before the Senate,
j I was opposed to the postponement, because 1
believed that if we held on to the measure then !
before; the Senate, we would pass a confiscation !
bill in less than twenty-four hours. I was entirely I
satisfied of it, and 1 wished to <ret rid of all the ;
; delay and all the difiicMfy and all the bad feeling i
which was likely to grow out of tiie fut ther discus- ;
sionof these measuies in the conti.uiety of views j
and feelings entertained here on the subject. I !
was also opposed to the reference, because I did
not believe we would be any better off after the
report of the committee. 1 so-stated in a few re-
marks that I then made; and I think the sequel
has proved that we are no better off now after
having the report of the select committee. On
Friday last I voted to take up the bill reported by
the select committee, with the hope that it might
be passed speedily. I believed it to be of the ut-
most importance in the action of either House to
avoid a controversy upon these different and agi-
tating measures which would tend to electrify and
divide the country; and the avoidance of any such
debate I thought would be beneficial to the coun-
try at large. If we had passed this bill promptly,
I believe the House would have adopted it, and
the country spared a severe trial. I was willing to
try the committee bill,in the hope that we might
get a confiscation bill of value. I was not entirely
satisfied with it, but was willing to vote for it as
a compromise, in order to obtain the passage ot
an act that would punish traitors, and which could
be enforced. I thought it better than a very ex-
treme bill which would defeat itself; for whenever
the Senate undertakes to pass a bill which will
sweep, as with the very besom of destruction, over
seven hundred thousand square miles of territory,
it cannot by possibility be enforced.
] did not like some of the provisions of the bill
as reported by the select committee, especially the
eleventh section, which authorizes the President
of the United States to employ persons of African
descent in putting down the lebellion, for the rea-
son that I thought it would be misunderstood in
certain sections ofthis Union whei£ the people are
sensitive on this subject; and for the additional
reason that I knew its object and design would be
perverted and maligned; that it would be said that
we who are living in the northern States of this
Union desired to make a war of extermination by
the agency of the slaves upon southern people and
southern rights. I was fearful that it might be
said we wished to put side by side regiments of
blacks and legiments of whites, in the same field
of battle; and I know the regiments from New
Jersey will not fight in that way. I know that is
not the object. The object is, and it was so de-
clared here yesterday, to use these persons during
the rebellion in building fortifications, occupying
forts, and for the defense of localities where dis-
ease would strike down the true and loyal men of
the North; that we might thus be enabled to hold
those places until the frosts of autumn return,
when we can again send additional forces there,
if need be.
If such were really to be the case, I do not see that
there could be so much objection made to it. I do
not sec the objection to using like force against
like force, since I understand that those who have
been engaged in the southern rebellion for the
last year have not only been using such persons
to build forts and fortifications, but have put in
the front of battle slaves with arms in their hands,
and have also armed the savage tribes against the
true and loyal men who are endeavoring to put
down traitors and their abettors. In that point of
view, I do not consider it so objectionable after
ail; and yet, still, I wished to avoid it. I thought
the eleventh section of the bill, as reported by the
select committee, was unnecessary, because I be-
lieved the President of the United States had that
power already. But if it was thought desirable
that there should be a distinct declaration on the
part of Congress that he should'have that power,
I was willing to yield my opposition to it and go
for it in the hope that we might get a bill of this
description passed.
lam willing to trust the President. I believe
he is honest; I believe he is faithful. I had almost
said that he was the "father of the faithful;'' a
sort of second Abraham. [Laughter.] Atlenst,
sir, he is the faithful father of the people of this
Union, overwhom he has been chosen to preside.
He is faithful, because he has kept all the pledges
he made before his election, and has withstood all
manner of influences and assaults and attacks
made upon him—upright, towering a head and
shoulders above many other men by whom he is
surrounded, in more ways than one. He has just
given evidence of it in relation to General Iiun-
ter'-J late pioclamatioii promulgated in South Car-
olina, m which that general undertakes to estab-
lish niaitial law over three States, and to set all
the >laves in those three States free, when it has
