1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1201
will be necessary to have three deputy collectors
and a book-keeper, at an aggregate cost, at least,
of $9,000 per year to collect these taxes, and in
each of the counties of Santa Clara and Santa
Cruz, one deputy, at a compensation of $1,200 for
the whole year; and in ten other counties one
deputy will be required in each for a part of tlie
year, at a compensation of §300 each. The whole
expense of the collection on this estimate would
be $14,400, and the amount which would be col-
lected in that district, containing that large city,
with some eighty thousand inhabitants, would be
something over a million of dollars. Now, the
expense which would be absolutely necessary for
clerk hire, book-keepers, and deputies, in order to
handle the machinery of this system of taxation
would exceed by some six thousand dollars the
highest compensation which could be had for the
collection of $1,000,000, and leave the piincipal
collector not one cent for his own services. Now,
wo know what it costs to collect these taxes in
our own State, and the estimates which 1 have
made are below what we pay there, although we
have been cheapening the collection of tuxes for
the last ten years.
I look upon this amendment as an absolute
necessity. You may get the assessments made
under the increased compensation that you allow
to assessors, but if you do not increase the com-
pensation of the collectors, the tax will not be col-
lected. It is as necessary in the one case as in the
other. I warn gentlemen of these facts, and let
them not hold me responsible if they disregard my
suggestions, and then find their scheme does not
work. I now withdraw my amendment to the
amendment of my colleague.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment, to come in immediately
after it:
Am! the additional compensation so paid f-luitl be paid by
tin* States and Terntones aforesaid respectively.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I thank the gen-
tleman for offering that amendment, as it enables
mo to say a single word.
In the Territory of Nevada, as I said the other
day, a man cannot live for less than two dollars
a day; and if he is traveling about, he cannot live
for that; norcan he in the miningdistricls of Cal-
ifornia and Oregon, or in Washington Territory.
Now,sir,Iama\vare that some districts in those
States and Territories will pay small amounts.
But they are willing to pay all that is assessed
upon them, so far as the loyal people are con-
cerned; and 1 presume that so far as the disloyal
ones are concerned, they will not be willing to pay
it anywhere.
Well, now, sir, so far as the Territory of Ne-
vada is concerned, it will probably not pay in all
more than $40,000. To collect those $40,000, a
collector will have to travel all ovei the Territory
of Nevada, and the entire pay that he is allowed
under this bill for himself, for his deputy, for his
traveling expenses, for his office rent, and for
everything, would be only §1,600.
Well, now, sir, it is known to every man who
knows anything about it, that a man cannot live
for three or four months there on $1,600, to say
nothing about his deputies, office rent, and so
forth. So far as the city of San Francisco is con-
cerned, I presume it will pay, as my colleague has
said, over a million of dollars under this bill.
Perhaps, for the rates fixed in this bill, the lax
can be collected there. But take the southern dis-
trict of California, south of San Fiancisco, a dis-
trict embracing a territory larger than the State
of New York, and they will probably not pay
more than thirty or forty thousand dollars; and
at the compensation which is provided m this bill
no collector will be enabled to collect the taxes in
that extent of territory for five per cent. He can-
not possibly do it. No one man can do the whole
work; lie must have deputies; and this provision
would give him no compensation at all.
Now, sir, all I desire to provide by thisamend-
rnent is that the Secretary of the Treasury may
procure the services of efficient and competent
men. If lie can get men to collect the revenue
under this bill for the pay provided, I apprehend
that he will in no instance allow additional com-
pensation . So far as my observation goes, he has
shown a disposition to reduce the pay of officeis
of the Government to the lowest possible amount,
I have offered this amendment in good faith; I
have offered it for the purpose of securing the col-
lection of this money; but if gentlemen are not
willing to adopt it, and the money is not collected
because of the inadequate compensation allowed
to collectors, it will be no fault of mine or of my
people.
So far as the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] is concerned, I have no
doubt that if the Legislatures of these States and
Territories were in session, they would do as they
have done in some instances, and as the Legisla-
ture of California will propose to do in every case
of taking the census—provide for additional com-
pensation to the officers. We have attempted to
takd the census once in California under the law
of Congress, and we found that it was not half
taken, for the reason that the compensation given
to the marshals was entirely inadequate to their
services. We did propose to increase their com-
pensation, and the only reason why the Legisla-
ture of California did not appropriate $75,000 for
that purpose, as was proposed, was the fact that
the loyalty of the marshal himself was suspected,
and they were unwilling to place money in the
hands of a disloyal man. I have no doubt that
these States and Territories are all of them suffi-
ciently patriotic not only to pay this tax but that,
if Congress asks it, and if they have the oppor-
tunity, they will pay men for assessing and col-
lecting it also. They seek to escape from none
of the obligations of supporting this Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Phelfs's amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 45,
noes 40.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consentto
make a single remark.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; we have had talk
enough about this matter.
Mr. SARGENT. Will I have leave to move
this amendment m the House?
The CHAIRMAN. That will depend on the
action of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to consent that I
may move this amendment in the House, so that
we may have the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot consent to that in
advance. I think that California is taxing the pa-
tience of the committee a little too much.
Mr. SARGENT. I doubt whether California
intrudes as much as Pennsylvania docs.
Mr.NODLE. Ill Older to have the fecsofthesc
officers made distinct and limited,I move toatnend
by striking out " $8,000," where it occurs in the
eleventh line, and to insert in lieu thereof the
words " $3,000 per annum for the collector, and
$2 50 for each of his deputies for the time they
are actually and necessarily employed by them
respectively;" so that it will read:
Provided, Tliatin no case shall Mich commissions exceed
the sum of $3,000 per annum loi the collector, &c.
I wish to see the fees and emoluments of the
collectors limited and uniform, and I also wish to
see the pay of the deputies limited to the same
sum provided to be paid to the assessors. I think
that this compensation is enough. I have no ques-
tion but that the fxist order of talent can be ob-
tained in all the States and districts to perform
these duties for the sums fixed in my amendment.
I hope that this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Thecffectofthatamendment
may be to increase the aggregate sum largely be-
yond the $8,000 to which the section limits it. For
the purpose of preserving that limitation, 1 move
to amend the amendment by adding to it the
words " not exceeding in the aggregate the sum
of $8,000."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Noble's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the section
by striking out" $8,000, "and inserting "$5,000,"
so as to limit the amountof commissions to $5,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FRANK. I move to amend the thirty-
seventh section by striking out the words " by
any railroad companies or railroad corporations,
banks, saving institutions, and insurance com-
panies, or their officers or agents collecting said
duties and paying over the same;" so as to make
it read:
Sec. 37. .find be it further enacted, Tlmi an allowance of
five per cent, shall be made upon and deducted from the
amount of all duties returned or accounted for and paid
over to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue as herein-
after required by this act: Provided, Said returns and pay-
mpnts are made within the time prescribed by this act in
relation thereto.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend by-
striking out the entire thirty-seventh section as
amended.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to suggest to the
committee, and especially to the gentleman from
New York who moved the amendment, [Mr.
Fkank,] that as the section now stands it will
apply to all moneys paid over to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, as well those paid by
the collector as those paid by the tax payers.
There ought to be some provision which would
limit its operation to that which was manifestly
intended by the section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move a pro
forma amendment. 1 cannot think that the com-
mittee understood the purpose of this section. If
it did, it would not have adopted the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Frank.] The purpose of the section is to allow
these railroad companies and banks to make up
their returns and pay their taxes to the Govern-
ment, without the intervention of any assessor
or collector, entirely at their own expense; and
this deduction is to be made. The tax upon them
was regulated in that view. The assessors and
collectors will have nothing to do in reference to
these parties, provided they conform to the law
in all respects, make their returns to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and pay over the
amount of their taxes. It seems to me, there-
fore, that the scction, as it was originally reported,
was just and proper.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Why should the bene-
fits of it be confined to these particular corpora-
tions ? Why should the scction not apply to every
tax payer, or to every manufacturer?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Because many
of the manufacturers will have but a small amount
to pay, and their establishments will be scattered
over the country in a more diffused manner. It
will be necessary to have assessors and collectors
look after them. But in the caseof railroads and
banks, every one can know where they are, and
what their capital and dividends arc. If they do
not avail themselves of the privileges of the sec-
tion, they will be subject to the invasion of the
assessor and collector.
Mr. MALLORY. I object to this section un-
less it be entirely changed. It seems to me that
it is obviously wrong, when you allow to the col-
lector only a commission of four per cent, for all
his expense and trouble in collecting these taxes,
that you should allow these corporations five per
cent, deduction for coming forward and doing
what it is the duty of the collector to do at four per
cent. I do not see why the Government should
relinquish, without necessity or causc, one per
cent, on the amount to be raised in this way. It
seems to me that the entire section should be
stricken out, or else that its operation should be
made general, so as to allow every person taxed
by this bill to save five per cent, by coming for-
ward and paying his tax to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. I make these suggestions to
my friend from Vermont, as this appears to me
to be the true view of the matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend, p-o
forma, by striking out the proviso. It seems to
mo that the reason suggested by the gentleman
from Vermont for the section as reported is quite
insufficient. I understood his principal reason to
be that the tax to be paid by these railroad and
banking institutions is much larger than that to
be paid by manufacturing establishments. I do
not think that that is so. I think that the capital
involved in single manufacturing establishments
is quite as large as that of single banking institu-
tions. The reason for this section is quite as
