1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3211
are all on duty in the city pf Washington. Many
of them are in the field in the discharge of the du-
ties of their respective departments with the divis-
ions of the Army. Officers of the commissary
and quartermaster's departments are stationed in
our large cities, and other important points, to
provide the Army with subsistence, clothing*, and
other supplies. In a bill which passed the Senate
and House yesterday, we provided for promotion
in the adjutantgeoeral's department,and itis but
just that like promotion should be granted in the
other departments. The truth is that the engineer
and ordnance departments secure theirofficers from
the cadcts who graduate highest in their classes
at West Point. These officers are the very elite
of our Military School. Many of the officers in
the different corps affected by this bill have been
serving the country for long years, without pro-
motion, and with very little hope of ever having
any promotion. The gentleman from New York
has referred to some of them by name. He men-
tioned Captain Rodman, of the ordnance corps.
There is not a more meritorious officer in the whole
Army, and it is not doing injustice to any other
officer in the Army to say so. Still, after more
than twenty years of invaluable service to his
country, he is but a captain. He is an honor to
his native State, Indiana, and an honor to-his
country. He is known throughout the world as
an officer of distinction in his department. He
has contributed greatly to the improvement and
efficiency of our ordnance. Shall his country
grudge to such an officer the increased rank and
pay of a major?
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Speaker, several
measures,containing like provisions with this bill,
have been introduced into this House during the
present session of Congress, and some have be-
come laws. I have, therefore, no expectation
whatever, in anything I may say, of inducing the
House to modify this proposition, or reject any
portion of it; yet I deem it my imperative duty to
submit a few remarks on it before the vote is taken.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] urges,
as an argument in favor of the passage of this bill,
that we have already increased the rank of the
officers in the adjutant general's department. It
will be thus seen that Congress is likely, by its
action on this bill, to be hereafter considered as
committed to future legislation in behalf of other
corps, which mustentail heavy burdens upon the
Government. The bill which I hold in my hand
will, if adopted, involve an increased expenditure
per annum of about one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars for The engineer, subsistence, ord-
nancc, and quartermaster corps. And, sir, if this
bill should pass, there is no sort of reason why
the same sortof promotion should notbeextended
throughout the Army. I desire to suggest to
members of the House, when they are considering
this measure, not to take an imperfect and partial
view of it. Let them remember that the increased
expenditure will not be confined to this corps, but
that it will engender increased expenditure in other
corps of the Army, who will not permit them-
selves to be left behind in this mad race for pro-
motion.
It is true that there are a great many deserving
officers who occupy these bureaus in the city of
Washington. I acknowledge, with pleasure,that
they are men of high intelligence and capacity,
of thorough training and wide usefulness. But,
it must also be admitted, that these are the desir-
able positions of the Army. They are sought
with the mostcager desire, the occupancy of them
is held out as a prize to West Point graduates.
The position of officers of the ordnance corps and
of these other corps, is delightful in comparison
with that of officers of the line. The duties of
officers of the ordnance corps are discharged at
arsenals, near the large cities; and I know very
well that their positions are envied by the officers
of the line.
Mr. OLIN. Does the gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania know of a single ordnance officer who would
not exchange for active field service?
Mr. McPHERSON. It would be an imputa-
tion upon the patriotism and courage of the offi-
cers in that corps, if I were to answer the gentle-
man's question in the affirmative. I do not say
that those officers prefer their duties to duties in
the field; but I do say, that for a period extending
through many years the positions in those corps
have been held to be the most desirable positions
in the Army. In times of peace they have been
delightful, and have been most eagerly sought for;
and if these officers now find their duties burden-
some, in a time of war, it should only be consid-
ered, in some sort, compensation for the unusual
advantages they have heretofore enjoyed. There
is no weight, therefore, in that suggestion of the
gentleman from New York.
I admit that there are many gentlemen in these
departments who are laboring faithfully and who
are serving the country most usefully. But, Mr.
Speaker, if you are to base upon that fact an ar-
gument in favor of the increase oJl rank and the
increase of pay of those officers, where will you
stop ? Is there not the same reason for increasing
the pay and increasing the rank of all the line offi-
cers, for are not they, as well as the officers of these
corps, doing everything in their power for the suc-
cess of our armies, and laboring with fivefold ordi-
nary assiduity ? Are not their duties onerous, and
do they not ri^k their lives daily for the preser-
vation of the Government? In this crisis, when
all are doing so well, if these officers are entitled
to increase of pay and increase of rank, then also
are all the officers of the Army, no matter where
located. If that be an argument for an increase
of pay, that they are discharging more duties now
than in times of peace, then every officer of the
Government, whether military or civil, is entitled
to an increase of pay; for there is not a man con-
nected with executive, legislative, or any other
department of this Government, who has not had
additional labors devolved upon him by reason of
the existence of this war. I will not, as I have said
on a former occasion, vote to increase the com-
pensation of any officer of the Government, solely
with reference to that fact.
In July last, Mr. Speaker, we legislated with
regard to every one of these bureaus. We made
the duartermasterGeneral a brigadiergeneral, and
added one colonel, two lieutenant colonels, four
majors, and twenty captains to his corps. We
also provided that captains in the quartermaster's
department, who should serve for fourteen years,
should be promoted to the rank of major. With
regard to the ordnance corps, (with reference to
which the gentleman from New York spoke more
particularly,) we made its chief a brigadier gen-
eral, and we added other officers. By subsequent
legislation, we added to the engineer corps two
lieutenant colonels and four majors; and in an-
other bill, we added two more lieutenant colonels
and four more majors. We made these additions
in those corps in July last, on the recommenda-
tion of the heads of the different bureaus; and I
think that it must bo conceded that the Congress
of the United States dealt with them most liberally.
I do not see the necessity for the increased legis-
lation now asked. I have heard read at the Clerk's
desk the recommendation of the chief of the ord-
nance corps, m which he asks this still larger in-
crease. It is no imputation upon that chief of the
ordnance corps to say that there has not been a
tune within the last ten years in which the head
of that bureau, whoever he may at the time have
been, would not have written precisely such a let-
ter asking for an increase m that corps. Nor, sir,
has there been any time within the last ten years
in which you could not have procured of any of
these departments letters asking for an increase
in these different corps, for all of them have al-
ways thought themselves overworked, underpaid,
and greatly suffering. There is and has been com-
petition between them, and they watch withjealous
vigilance any legislation discriminating m favor
of either one of them, of which they quickly avail
themselves to turn to their own advantage. I may
state, in proof of that assertion, that the increase
of force in some of these corps was notasked until
a similar increase had been provided for other
corps. It is a fact which must be familiar to all
who have attempted to understand these matters,
that there is a great jealousy, or rather that there
is great rivalry between these corps. Each is care-
ful that the other shall not receive any advance-
ment of pay or rank in which it does not shave.
Itis human nature, I suppose, and not discredita-
ble to them that they are actuated by these mo-
tives. But that will not justify us, who have no
personal or peculiar interest in the increase of any
of these corps, in going beyond our duty in order
to gratify the feelings of these officers.
1 have said that the passage of this bill will in-
volve an increased expenditure of overonehundred
and fifty thousand dollars per aanum. How much
more ^creased expenditure will necessarily fol-
low in its train, I am not able to calculate.
The gentleman has alluded to his pleasant asso-
ciations with the members composing these corps.
I will say that I have also had pleasant associa-
tion with them; and if I were to consult my own
personal feeling, I would not raise my voice against
the passage of this bill. Looking, however, to my
duty as a member of the House, I am compelled
to say that the bill ought not to be passed in its
present shape. There are portions for which, if
separately proposed, I would vote; but as we are
called upon to vote upon it as a whole, I shall be
compelled to vote against it. The provision in
regard to the engineer and topographical engineer
corps is a project that has been agitated at various
times for ten years past. There is no necessary
connection between officers of the engineer corps
and officers of the topographical engineers. Their
studies are dissimilar, though in some points ap-
proaching each other; and in practice they are
essentially different, and present many points of
antagonism. I know the past experience of the
Government has been against the passage of such
a measure, and I doubt very much whether it can
be considered a proper one even at this time.
I do not desire to detain the House, for as I
said before, I have no expectation whatever of
changingthe opinion of the House upon this sub-
ject. But inasmuch as I would like to have a test
vote upon this subject, I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana yield to that motion?
Mr. DUNN. I do not.
Mr. McPHERSON. I understood that I had
the floor, and had the right to make that motion.
Mr. DUNN. I only yielded to hear what re-
marks the gentleman desired to make.
Mr. McPHERSON. If the gentleman declines
to yield for that purpose, I will not press the mo-
tion. There was an amendment which I very much
desired to offer, and which the friends of this bill,
if they pass it, ought to accept; and that is a new
section providing that the increase of rank, and
in the number of officers provided in this bill shall
continue only during the existence of the present
rebellion. We had a feature of that kind in the
bill increasing the medical staff of the Army; and
it is very clear we will not, after the suppression
of this rebellion, need this enormous organization
at Washington. If you pass the bill in its pres-
ent shape, and the organization, based upon the
provisions of this bill, is once fastened upon the
Government, you never will be able to reduce the
number. I now offer a new section as an amend-
ment.
Mr. DUNN. I do not yield for any amend-
ment to be offered. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania discusses this subject as if the officers
of the various departments mentioned in this bill
were sitting in easy chains in the Government of-
fices in this city. He is much mistaken. Many
of them are, as I have said before, with the armies
in the field, and at other points, discharging most
important duties in the prosecution of the war.
He will find, discharging the duties of quarter-
master at Ci ncin nati, Captain Dicki nson, con troll-
ing millions ofexpenditures, and discharging those
duties with an industry, efficiency, and fidelity
highly creditable to him and the service. At Si.
Louis, Memphis, NewOrleans, Portress Monroe,
Philadelphia, New York, Boston, and other im-
portant points, as well as on the staffs of our gen-
erals in the field, he will find like able and efficient
officers of those departments detailed for duty.
And, sir, it is a great credit to these officers in the
regular Army, and I take great pleasure in saying
it, that though charged with great pecuniary ex-
penditures, they have, almost without exception,
been so faithful to their trust as even in these days
of complaints, just and unjust, to escape even sus-
picion of dishonesty. I am sorry I cannot make
this remark without any exception, but there are
black sheep in nearly every flock.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that
this bill involves an additional expenditure annu-
ally of more than one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars. I do not know what the increased ex-
penditure will be, but if the bill will increase the
efficiency of the Army to any considerable degree,
the expenditure of $150,000 is a small considera-
tion. In the commissary department, itis import-
