THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
applicable to manufacturing establishments as it
is to banking institutions. I hope the amendment
will stand, for I think that the section needed such
amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I oppose the amendment, for
the purpose of calling the attention of the com-
mittee to the provision in regard to hanks and
savings institutions, in the eightieth and eighty-
first sections. Those sections provide a special
mode by which these institutions shall them-
selves collect and account directly to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, for the income derived
from their business. Three per cent, is to be paid
on all dividends paid to stockholders as part of
the earnings. For that an allowance of five per
cent, is made, if the amount be paid directly to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. I think that
the committee has acted on the thirty-seventh sec-
tion without understanding exactly the object of it.
It will be perceived that the question rests on an
entirely different basis from thatof manufacturing
and other companies. These require the direct
attention of the assessors and collectors, whereas
there is no service required of those officials in
connection with the duties derived from dividends.
Mr. SHEFFIELD withdiew the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the section by adding those words, " by any rail-
road company or railroad corporation, banks,
savings institutions, i nam an re companies, and ex-
press companies, or their officers or agents collect-
ing said duties and paying o\er the same." As the
bill now stands there is no provision whatever for
these companies making returns and paying their
taxes to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
It is utterly incongruous to the whole bill. It is
therefoie necessaiy to leinstate what has been
struck out; or, if it be allowed to remain as it is,
all the general provisions of the bill should be
mad'' to conform. I do think that, in respect to
all the.se companies where the capital is known to
the public, where the dividends are also known,
where the returns are made and sworn to by the
officers, and whore the entire labor is assumed by
the officers, this deduction of five per cent, ought
to be made. If it be the purpose of the committee
to allow all parties a per cent, for paying over,
it should be a much less per cent, than that—
perhaps not more than one per cent. I)ut that
matter has not been considered in the committee,
and perhaps will not be. 1 hope, t herefore, that the
amendment which I now propose will be adopted.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 desire to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont. The
amendment seems to be supported upon two
grounds—one by the gentleman from the .Suffolk
distrietof Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] and the
other by the gentleman from Vermont. As I un-
derstand the aigument of the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts, it is that, by the eightieth and eighty-
first .sections of this bill it is provided that, the
Havings banks and the managers of stock banks
shall have the power and right by these sections
to withhold the amount of the taxes levied upon
those institutions from the funds of the stockhold-
ers in their hands. Pray, why may not the man-
agers of manufacturing institutions have the au-
thouty to do the same thing in reference to the
funds of their stockholders ? Sir, the reason thus
presented, it seems to me, has nothing m it.
And, again, it st-cms to me that the stock of the
manufacturing establishments is as well ascertain-
able as the stock of banking institutions. But I
trust tins House will never incorporate this sec-
tion, as it is proposed, into the bill, because, as
another reason, it involves the injustice of taxing
the greater part of the savings banks which ate
the earnings of the poorer class of people, twice
over; for most of their property is invested in the
capital of the stock bonks. Their income is there-
fore taxed once in the savings banks, and again
taxed in the stock banks. The committee will
therefore set1 that thecal mngsofthis poorbut most
meritorious class of our population are to pay
, double taxes.
Mr. Chairman, I trust that tins provision will
not be adopted. The reason suggested by the
gentleman from Vermont is, that to strike it out
or not to insert it again, it having been stricken
out, will make the bill incongruous. Well, sir,
it seems to me that that leason is hardly a valid
one. if any provision of the bill which we have
not yet reached is not congruous, we will make
it so when we reach it.
But, sir, it is not just, upon any such provision,
to favor one class of our citizens' to the detriment
of another class. Is not the man who owns man-
ufacturing stock entitled to be taxed precisely in
the same way, and entitled to all the benefits which
are conferred upon banking or any other institu-
tions? You have already imposed upon banks the
duty of paying every month, while other institu-
tions have to pay only annually, and in this view
31 may be proper to give them the benefit here
proposed, because you impose upon them addi-
tional burdens.
Mr. HOOPER. Will the gentleman allowjne
to say that the difference between the application
of this provision to banks and manufacturing in-
stitutions is, that in the case of banks this amount
is to be withheld from the stockholders? The
eightieth and eighty-first sections refer to the div-
idends to be paid to the stockholders, while the
duties to be paid by manufacturers are not predi-
cated upon their dividends.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. To what sections of
the bill does the gentleman refer?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The eightieth and eighty-
first. I understand that these sections confer
upon savings hunks and stock banks the right of
deducting fiom their dividends which they pay
out to their stockholders the three per cent, which
is assessed against these institutions.
Now, if manufacturing institutions make a
profit offive per cent., they divide itamongtheir
stockholders just as the banks divide their earn-
ings in the shape of dividends, and the manufac-
turing institutions may just as well have the priv-
ilege of paying over their three per cent, upon
their five per cent, dividends as the banks upon
theiis. If the eightieth and eighty-first sections
do not apply to such a provision, we will make
them apply.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. "With the per-
mission of the committee, I will leave out "ex-
press companies" from my amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. That will make the amendment precisely
what has been stricken out, andtwill make it out
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of oidor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will then leave
it as I offered it.
Mi. P. A. CONKLING. ] move to amend
the amendment by adding, " gas-light, manufac-
tuiing, mining, and other incorporated and joint
stock companies."
Mr. IIOLMAN. If the section is subject to
Author amendment, 1 would like to mseit before
the word 44 railroad" the word " persons."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
no fuither amendment is now in otder.
Mr. FRANK. When I moved to strike out
words from this section, I did so because I thought
it was unjust to other institutions and persons who
were not included in the section. My object was
to make it apply to any person or persons, incor-
porated company ot companies, ami 1 do not care
whether the whole section be stricken out or the
amendment 1 now propose adopted. If the gen-
tleman fiom New Yoik will allow me, I will offer
an amendment which will supersede the necessity
of bis, and will cover the whole case.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will hear the gen-
tleman's amendment.
Mr. FRANK. The amendment I propose is,
to strike out after the words " internal revenue,"
in the fouith line, down to the word " provided,"
as follows:
I5v any i.uhorui companies or ratlioad corporations,
banks, drivings institutions. and nrmrawo companies, or
thru ofhceis ot admits collecting f-aid duties, and jming
ovei the same <is lieiemaftei requited by tins act.
And to insert as follows:
P.y any manufdetuiing or ineoipmated company, person,
or pei&oii's, upon whom the s-ainc is a-^e&scd by tin* act.
Now, Mr. Chaiiman, I do not see the propriety
m allowing" railroad corporations, banks,savings
institutions, and insurance companies," a deduc-
tion of five per cent., while the same privilege is
denied other incorporated companies, although,
in many cases, paying a much larger tax. My
friend, who sits near, [Mr. Ciiamberlix,] tells
me that within five miles of his residence there
aie incorporated companies whose combined tax
will amount to $1,500 per day, and 1 ask, where
is the propriety of compelling them to pay the full
amount of tax, while the railroad, bank, or in-
surance company by their door is allowed a de-
duction of five per cent.? I do not see why one
species of incorporated institution should be ex-
emptfrom the visitsoftheassessor,and be allowed
a discount on their taxes, and another made to
pay the full amount assessed by the assessor.
There arc individuals, too, whose tax is larger
than that of many of the banks, and I see no reason
why they may not as well make their returns di-
rectly to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and after having their tax regularly made up, be
allowed the discount in the same manner as is
here provided for the banks. My only desire is,
that all shall be placed upon an equal footing in
this matter, and the amendment 1 have proposed
would accomplish the object, by allowing any
person, as well as incorporated company, to avail
themselves of the benefits of the section, in a de-
duction of five per cent, from the amount of all
duties returned or accounted for and paid over to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will accept the
amendment of my colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will then be
upon the amendment of the gentleman from New
Yoik, as a substitute for the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that all these amend-
ments which have been offered to this section are
wrong; probably because the gentlemen who of-
fered them have not properly considered the whole
bill. The bill, as it stood, provided for a class of
persons who make their returns directly to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. It was, of
couise, proper that they should go there and pay
it, because the Commissioner had before him the
amount of revenue which was thus to be paid.
But it is now open to everybody who make no
returns; and the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue will therefore have no data before him on
which to judge of the correctness of the amounts
paid.
Mr. FRANK. These eighty-first and eighty-
second sections could be made to apply to all com-
panies or persons.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, I admit that you can
draw a bill so that everybody shall be requited to
make his returns to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, but it would take a rather large amount
of time to keep the books if everybody comes here
to pay, and would involve something of expense
in the way of clerk hire. The company from
Massachusetts will come and pay very properly
a certain sum; some gentleman from the district
represented by my fnend from Maryland wili
come up with a half dollar to pay. [Laughter.]
He will come up to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue and cause \aiious entries to be made,
which will cost at least seventy-five cents for
paper, and much more for cleik hire. So it will
go through the country. I hope, therefore, that
the amendment will not be adopted, and that when
we go into the House the section will be restored
to its original form.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Why were gas-light
companies excluded from this enumeration?
Mr. STEVENS. Because it has been provided
that the tax shall be paid by them on the manu-
facture of gas. They will pay to the collector
directly.
The question recurred on Mr. Frank's substi-
tute.
On a division, there were—ayes 23, noes 30;
no quorum voting.
Mr. FRANK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Frank and
Lehman- were appointed.
Mr. FRANK. In oidcr that the committee
may not be broken up, no quorum being present,
I will withdraw the amendment, provided that I
can offer it again and have a vote of the commit-
tee on it hereafter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. 1 am in favor of
granting the privilege, provided that it can be made
general. I asked a similar favor this morning, and
was refused.
The question was taken; and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes 58, noes 36.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Morrill, of Vcimont, as amended; and
on a division, there were—ayes 3G, noes 33.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded tellers.
