1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
united with those who are opposed to any confis-
cation whatever, constitute a majority so as to
vote down all amendments, it will then be time
enough to lay this bill aside and wait for the bill
from the House of Representatives. I am very
frank to say that in that state of the case, I should
be in favor of waiting for the House bill, to see if
we could not then substitute that. The Senator
from Iowa is mistaken as to what would be the
practical effect on the Senate. He says if, when
the House bill comes here, a majority of the Sen-
ate should be in favor of the bill pending in the
Senate, it will be offered as a substitute and will
carry. The fact that a majority would vote for
the bill pending in the Senate, if we are compelled
to vote either for or against that as the only meas-
ure, is no evidence at all that a majority would
vote to substitute it for the House bill. Why,
sir, take my own ease. If the House bill comes
in here, and a motion is made to substitute this
Senate hill for it, if it is such a House bill as I
understand it to be, I should vote against the sub-
stitute; but if a direct vote comes upon the Senate
bill, and it is that or nothing, there are clauses in
the Senate bill that I desire very much to vote for,
and I shall vote for the Senate bill unless I should
be satisfied by the discussion which I know is to
take placeupon the constitutional point, that there
"were constitutional difficulties in the bill that could
not be got over. Unless there are constitutional
difficulties, I shall, in that event, vote for the Sen-
ate bill, but I would not vote to substitute it for
a better bill; and the Senator from Iowa would
vote with me, and he will probably vote for this
Senate bill. That is the position that we are in
by this committee. That is exactly what this
committee has accomplished. It has succeeded
in getting the bill in such a shape that those who
want something better will be compelled to take
this or get nothing.
Now, sir, if we can amend this bill I should like
to do so, and therefoie I should like to go on with
it. I think we had Lest go on with it and test the
sense of the Senate upon these amendments, and
see if wc cannot improve this bill; and if we can,
let us pass it. We have been considering it. If,
after voting upon these amendments and testing
the sense of the Senate, it is apparent we can get
no amendment adopted to it, then, as 1 should hope
we would get something better from the House,
I would be for tiying that. I do not know that
the Senate would, but that would be my own view
about it; and theiefore I shall vote to-day against
postponing this bill, with the hope that we may
be able to go on with it and perfect it and pass it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word, sir—and I shall
endeavor not to say anything that will elicit a re-
ply—in explanation of my own course. As I stated
yesterday, 1 felt it my duty to give notice that 1
should make this motion, because I despaired, with
the feeling that was exhibited by gentlemen, of
aniviug at a conclusion upon this bill. The de-
bate tins morning has fully satisfied me that my
conclusion was a perfectly correct one, and I think
it must have satisfied every gentleman. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has avowed that hisob-
ject is to postpone this bill, to prevent action upon
it by the Senate in older that there may be tune
for the House to pass another bill and send it here.
I understood all that before. That was made
known to me yesteiday; that it was a game that
was played. In fact, gentlemen wanted this mat-
ter put olf, not to go to the House for fear that the
House might adopt it, but would prefer that a bill
should come from the House here m the hope that
the Senate might adopt that. "Well, sir, it is use-
less to postpone a measure of great public import-
ance like the tax bill, while this shuttlecock is
moving from one side to the other, as the Senate
and the country must see.
Now, what has been added by my friend from
Illinois? Why, sir, that he is willingto go on
with this bill, and see if we can perfect it; that is,
if he can get one that he prefers; and if he cannot,
that he shall then be leady to join the Senator
from Massachusetts in his game of keeping it off
until he can get one from the House. What
eaithly prospect does that affoid of our arriving
at a conclusion ? We know that constituted as
the Senate is now, it is perfectly impossible to
force a vote upon a bill at any particular linn-.
The Senate cannot say when final action shall be
had' When we are notified that it is to be fought
at all events and hazards, and whatever may be
the wishes or the feelings of the majority of the
Senate, if no conclusion is to be arrived at, I cer-
tainly should not be justified, when that is avowed
by the most earnest and most distinguished friends
of confiscation, or rather the friends of the most
distinguished confiscation, to be their intention,
m yielding the tax bill any further. I must there-
fore insist on my motion, and the Senate must
decide between us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Maine misunderstands me. I stated distinctly
that I hoped we might adopt amendments to this
bill that would make it satisfactory. I hope the
Senator from Maine is not so precisely wedded to
the particular words or phrases or sections of this
bill that nothing else will do for him. Has he no
hope that that bill may be put in a shape that
will satisfy the Senator from Massachusetts as
well as himself? I should hope he had. I hope
there is that feeling in the Senate, and that there
was some prospect of adopting amendments that
would enable a majority of those who wanted to
pass some bill upon this subject to harmonize
upon it. I do not despair of tliat, unless the Sen-
ator is satisfied there is a radical difference and a
determination that it must be just so and no other
way. Then, of com se, nothing can be done. But
I apprehend that is not the way to legislate. It
has not been the feeling manifested here. Amend-
ments were adopted to the bill when it wasunder
discussion before. I do not know that it drove
the friends of confiscation from the bill because
they were adopted. I know the bill as reported
by the Judiciary Committee was amended very
materially on motion of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman.] I do not know that it drove any
of its friends against it. Certainly it did not drive
me against it; and I should hope, if we could get
some amendment to this bill, that even the select
committee would not turn round and oppose it. I
hope they will not set their faces against every-
thing; that it must be just m this way, and no
other. We have been discussing tins matter; I
hope the discussion is not to be very much pro-
tracted; and I am quite sure, so far as I know any-
thing about the Senate, nobody will factiously
prolong the consideration of this bill. We want
to get the best bill we can, and the Senator from
Maine certainly will blame nobody for that, who
may not agree exactly with him, and think some-
thing else would do better. I am very sure if he
thought so, he would b^found so voting. That
is all I want, and that is the reason that controls
my vote to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say in answer
to the inquny of the Senator from Illinois that I
took him pu-cisely at his word. He said he was
willing to go on and try to get amendments upon
this bill; but if it appeared that he could get none
and that the Senate were determined to take the
i bill as it was, he should then be icady to go for
' laying it aside until wc could get one from the
House of Representatives; that is to say, thatno
decision of the Senate would satisfy him. That
was what he said—not in those words, but that
is his idea—and upon that I founded what I
stated.
As to the question put to me whether I have no
hope that a bill would be made or could be made
j that would be satisfactory to the Senator from
! Massachusetts and myself,it ishardlyafairques-
I tion to me, because 1 have expussed no opinion
i whatever upon any one of these bills. 1 have
1 been attending to other things, and waiting on
gentlemen, who have had this subject in charge,
to furnish a bill what I should vote for. Thore-
foie, the question is not a proper one to put to
me. I shall show what my opinions are by my
votes, when the time comes. But, sir, if the Sen-
ator asks me whether 1 think there is any pros-
pect that the Senator from Massachusetts or him-
self will agiee to anything that does not exactly
suit their own notions about it, 1 answer that 1
despair of any such result.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know why the
Senator has a right to say that. I do not wish to
be placed in a wrong position. I have said repeat-
edly,! think 1 have said here to-day, that there were
many provisions in this bill that i thought valua-
ble, and I expected to vote for it if I could get no th-
ing else; and yet the Senator says he despairs of my
voting for anything unless 11is precisely as> I want
it. Isthatdoingme justice? DoestheSenatormcan ;
that? Does he mean to say that to the country, i
after my statements here repeatedly in regard to
it? Is it fair? Is it candid ? Was it candjdwhen
he said, if the Senate should refuse to adopt any
of these amendments, that, therefore, I would not
be satisfied with anything that a majority could
do? Does not the Senator know that we could
not lay aside this bill except by a majority vote,
even if we arrived at that stage of the proceeding?
If there was a prospect of getting something bet-
ter by waitiifg two or three days for the House,
would the Senator blame me, if I thought that
was so, in the last resort trying to do in order to
get amendments ? I do not mean to prolong this
debate, and I am sorry that I have been compelled
to say a word; but it seems to me nothing is to
be gained by these remarks, which seem, if "not
designed—I will not say designed, because that
would perhaps call foith another speech; but are
calculated to place a person in a wrong position
upon that which ho himself avows.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps I owe an expla-
nation to the Senator. I did not mean to do him
injustice, knowingly at any rate. He knows very
well the regard 1 entertain for him. But while X
will not say that I despair of a bill being got up
for which he will vote, I really do think—and
that is what I meant to say—that when Sen-
ators denounce the labors, the honest labors of
others, and the honest labors of intelligent and
able Senators, as inefficient, good for nothing, cal-
culated to deceive, having no merit, no law, no
anything in them worthy of consideration, at any
rate the inference is fair that they are notdisposed
to do justice to those with whom they differ. That
is my view.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr, President, that
assumes that i have said that. I have said no such
thing. If the Senator means to impute what he
has stated to me, he will search in vain for any
remarks of mine that will justify that speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then i am wrong, and
my words do not apply to the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the only
inference the Senator from Maine is entitled to
draw is, that we are not content ^ith the hill of
! the committee. The Senator has no right* to go
I beyond this. He has no right to say that we will
J not accept another bill than our own. There have
I been several bills already before this Senate that
I certainly was ready to accept, and should they
be presented again 1 shall be ready again to accept
them. The Senator, therefore, travels certainly
beyond the evidence when he attributed to me any
such impracticableness. I will not say that the
i Senator from Maine on his side is as positive as
! I am on my side. If he is so positive, it is his
i right as a Senator, and I certainly shall not be
j dissatisfied, far less shall I rebuke him; nor shall
; I venture to make any suggestion that we cannot
expect a hill to receive his vote unless it shall
absolutely harmonize with all his notions. I be-
lieve the Senator from Maine is too familiar with
his duties in this place, and with the responsibil-
ities of a Senator, to adopt any such impracticable
idea. I believe that when the time comes, on
every measure he will vote as according to his
conscience, m view of all the circumstances, he
thinks he ought, and not in obedience to any spe-
cial stringent notions, constituting a foreordained
conclusion. But the justice which I cheerfully
accord to the Senator, I claim for myself.
Mr. KING. This bill has been before the Sen-
ate for some time, and I have no doubt a majority
of the Senate is in favor of its passage, and will
voteforit; at any rate that is my opinion. I wish
I both these measures were passed—a good, strong
i confiscation bill, and a good, sound tax bill. I do
i not think it very material which of them shall be
| passed first, but they should both be passed at as
1 early a day as practicable. I shall vote to take
up the tax bill now, because I believe, after all
that has transpired in the Senate, that it will ex-
pedite the passage of both these bills to do so, and
give a better opportunity to discuss and settle the
terms of the confiscation bill when that shall be
considered and acted on.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Mec-i*. Anthony, ftrownmir, Caiiile, Cowan,
J);ivh, Dixon, Fe>sendeii. Foot. Foster, Jim us, Henderson,
Howard, Howe. Kennedy, Knur, Lane of Indiana,Latham,
MeDougall. Moiiill, NeMiinli, Ponieroy, Powell, Saul-bury,
Shennan, .Simmon:-. Sunk, ^umuei.'Ten Uyek, VViUey,
Wilmot, VVibon of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wnghr- -3'i.
