1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3213
deliberations of the Military Committee of this
House, in the preparation of the numerous im-
portant bills they have reported to it, he would
have rendered much substantial>service to the
country.
I have no right to quarrel with the gentleman
for the course he saw fit to pursue; and I respect-
fully submit that he has no right to quarrel with
me for the course I saw fit to pursue. I believe I
have endeavored to turn to practical use whatever
knowledge I have acquired upon these subjects;
and if I may judge of the measures which may
hereafter'emanate from his committee by those
which have hitherto come from it during the pres-
ent session, I commend to the distinguished mem-
ber from New York and to other distinguished
members of ihe Military Committee, the usefulness
of having more actual jnformation as to the organi-
zation and wants of the Army, than they seem to
possess; whether they gain it by study in doors or
practical observation out of doors, it were well it
was possessed. Had it hitherto been, the bills of
that committee would have been less open to erit-
cism, would have been more intelligently matured,
would have proved less incapable of defense, and
would less frequently have demanded early repeal
or modification. I do not desire to say anything
offensive or disagreeable to any member of this
House, but I have felt that I could not with self-
respect do otherwise than repel the insinuation
made by the gentleman, denying his right to call
in question the motives of my action here or else-
where.
Mr. OLIN. One word. I certainly did not in-
tend to say anything personally offensive to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, nor did I intend to
set up any special claim to knowledge in military
matters. I have disavowed that very freely in this
House on all occasions.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wish to suggest a sin-
gle amendment. As I understand it, the House
nave, by unanimous consent, adopted an amend-
ment that all the officers provided for by this bill
shall, at the end of the war, go out of office.
Mr. OLIN. That amendment is pending. It
has not been adopted.
' Mr. WICKLIFFE. Well, I suppose the effect
of the amendment, if adopted, would be that the
officers for whom it provides promotion would
necessarily go out of office.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, no.
Mr. "WICKLIFFE. Then I suppose they will
go back to the rank they now hold.
Mr. OLIN. I think the gentleman is a little
mistaken. As I understand it, the effect of the
amendment, if adopted, would be this: the bill cre-
ates additional offices, which would be vacated at
the end of the war. The officers for whom the
bill provides promotion would remain in office,
but would take the same grade of office they would
have held if the bill had not passed. In other
words, the effect of the amendment is to make this
ordnance department a kind of petrifaction, to end
where it begun at the commencement of the war.
It would deny to those men the promotion it has
given to all others.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That being the case, I
would suggest an amendment that those oIKcpis
who are promoted by this bill retain their lank
after the close of the war.
Mr. McPHERSON. I will suggest that we
applied tiie same provision to the medical bill; and
the effect of it, as I understand it, is this: the offi-
cers promoted by this bill will go back to the same
position in the regular Army they would have
held if the bill had not passed; that is, they will
retain the same rank they would have acquired in
the regular line of promotion in the regular Army.
The same rule has been applied to the officers of
the regular Army who have been detached for vol-
unteer service. They are to go back to the regular
service holding the same position to which they
would have risen in the regular line of promotion
if they hud not been detached.
Mr. HOLM AN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that he add to the sec-
tion he has proposed in substance something like
this: " except, however, the ordinary increase of
grade by ordinary promotion, independent of the
provisions of this act."
Mr. McPHERSON. I think that is implied as
the section is now worded.
Mr. IIOLMAN. But inasmuch as there will
ceiuunly be aigument against the amendment
based upon the suggestionof the gentleman from
Kentucky, I -would suggest that it would be well
to guard against the possibility of such a con-
struction".
Mr. McPHERSON. I will accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I desire to submit this
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana: " thatsofar-as this bill is concerned
it shall not apply to the Territory of Utah."
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot accept that amend-
ment, and so far as I am concerned, I cannot con-
sent that it shall be adopted.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I desire to offer it
then as an amendment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I hope I shall be per-
mitted to offer it. I can show its entire propriety.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
amendment is not in order at this time.
Mr. DUNN. I call the previous question upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can hardly see
how, as the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is the last to be voted on, the pre-
vious question on that will cut off discussion upon
the others.
Mr. DUNN. I than call the previous question"
upon the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The several amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs were adopted.
The question recurred on the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. McPherson, as modified on the
suggestion of Mr. Holman.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. Isitnowin order to
offer my amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question is stili pending.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I hope I shall be per-
mitted to offer it. I tell the Iiouse that this bill
ought not to apply to Utah. It will apply to the
veriest set of scoundrels upon the face of the
earth the President has appointed out there if it
does, and I have the documents here to prove it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The amendment of Mr. McPherson was
adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DUNN moved the previous question on its
passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PEllItY 15. UROCCIIUS.
Mr. BLAICE. Yesterday I moved to lay upon
the table the bill for the relict of Perry E. Brocchus,
which was reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary. An examination of the subject since
then has shown me that I did injustice to this
claimant; a'nd I therefore now ask to have entered
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was laid upon the table. I propose to call up the
motion ^reconsider, and have it acted on at the
earlu^f possible moment.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr, STEVENS. I move to take from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Senate to
the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and that
it ask for a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
louisa abe11t byttne.
The SPEAKER. The House will now resume
the consideration of the business upon the Speak-
er's table.
An act (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Louisa
Abert Byrne.
Amendment of jhe Senate:
Strike out the woVdV, n haiural life," and in lieu thereof
insert the word "widowhood," so that the pension shall
be during her widovvhood^and not during her natural life.
The amendment was concurred in.
distribution of tiie blue book.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) providing for
the distribution of surplus copies of the Blue Book
for 1861, among the several bureaus of the«Execu-
tive Departments.
Amendment of the Senate:
Strike out tc Blue Book," and insert " Biennial Regis-
ter." *
The amendment was concurred in.
collection of the revenue.
An act (H. R. No. 550) further to provide for
the collection of the revenue upon the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontier, and for
other purposes.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move that the House
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate, and
ask for a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses. I object to
striking out the third section, which provides for
abolishing the consular certificates. I have no
doubt that when the Senate comes to see the rea-
son for that section, they will consent to its adop-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to rcconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion' was agreed to.
pension act.
An act (H. R. No. 438) to grant pensions.
The SPEAKER. This bill has been returned
from the Senate with numerous amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. After those amendments have
been read by the Clerk, I will move that they be
concurred in, with one or two exceptions.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. GOODWIN. I intended to move that the
amendments of the Senate should be referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, but as it is
the disposition of the House to consider them at
this time, I will not interpose any objection. I
will merely say that that committee have inform-
ally examined the amendments of the Senate,
and that they would recommend a concurrence in
all of them. I move that they be concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say a word or two
on these amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been called, and the gentleman can only occupy
the floor by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will not object, if the gen-
tleman does not consume more than five minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Illinois,
who has talked so incessantly and consumed so
much of the time of the House on mere abstract
questions, is the last man in the world who should
insist upon limiting the debate to five minutes
upon a proposition so important and so just as
the one now pending. Peihaps it was to be ex-
pected that a gentleman who had occupied the
attention of the House upon questions peifectly
useless for any good, would object to legitimate
debate upon a matter of vital importance.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr Speaker, this tirade is
simply contemptible.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman does not ob-
ject to long hours and entire days being consumed
on abstract questions, but he will not listen to ex-
planations in reference to a bill in which is in-
volved the bread of the widows and orphans of
our dead soldiers, I have risen for the purpose
simply of urging upon the House a concurrence
in the amendments of the Senate, with one or two
exceptions. And there is one fact which I do not
wish to be forgotten, and which I hope the House
will bear constantly in mind: the Senate have
stricken out the provision which we inserted fix-
ing the charges of pension«agents at five dollars
and ten dollars for making applications for back
pay, pensions, &c. I am very strongly of the
opinion that that feature of the House bill ought
to be retained. I think that the class of persons
especially provided for by this act ought to be
protected from sharpers; while the class intended
to be provided for in this bill are the most merito-
rious class in the Union, they are at thesametime
more liable than any other to be imposed upon by
sharpers and speculators: and I hope, therefore,
