1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
pare a clause, specifying the amount from which
they desire to be relieved, and we can introduce
the amendments anywhere. The Delegate of no
Territory, except the one from Nebraska, spoke
to the committee about the matter. We agreed
to the advice of that Delegate, and framed this
amendment accordingly.
Mr. BENNET. As this matter is pending,
I desire to say that there has been no action upon
the p&itofthe Legislature of Colorado Territory
in relation to this subject; and I do not feel that
it is my duty, without some instruction from the
people of the Territory, to move such an amend-
ment as has been moved in behalf of the gentle-
man from Nebraska.
I would say further, that we have never had an
appropriation for that Territory out of which
might be deducted the tax which the bill referred
to imposes upon the people. We have had but
one session of the Legislative Assembly in Col-
orado Territory. Under the law, the next session
will be held next February, which will make the
time about one year and four months from the first
session of the Legislature to the second. I pre-
sume there were many laws passed at the first
session, as they were passed hurriedly, which
will require correction. I cannot consent, there-
fore, that the money which has been appropriated
for the legislative expenses of Colorado Territory
should be transferred to the extinguishment of this
tax upon the Territory.
And while I am upon the floor, I desire to ask
gentlemen by what authority Congress has the
right to tax the people of a Territory ? I have
been taught by books upon political economy that
taxation and representation went hand in hand*,
that it was because the mother country claimed
the right to tax the people of the colonies without
their being represented that the war of the Revolu-
tion sprungup. Now, weof the Territories are in
similar relation with the United States that the
colonies were to the mother Government before
this Government was established.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
he doubts whether these remarks are in order.
Consent was given only to hear from the Delegates
whether they desired their Territories to share in
the benefit proposed.
Mr. BENNET. I only throw out this remark
at the present time, and protest—I am safe in
doing that much—against the right of Congress
to tax the Territories.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question was then taken on Mi. Hooper's
Amendment; and it was agreed to—ayes fifty-five,
noes not counted.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to add at the end
of the fortieth section the following:
provided further, That the direct tax impose! by the
thirteenth section of the act entitled "An act to ptovidc in-
creased revenue from imports to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes,'5 appioved August 5, 1861,
shall bo and is imposed upon the real estate and slaves m
the States where that description of piopcity exbte and is
recognized by the laws thereof.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that that amendment is in effect to change
existing legislation, to wit: the act of August last,
and that cannot be done in the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Cannot I propose to re-
peal existing legislation?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not in the Committee of the
Whole, I am thinking.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Cannot I amend so as to
bring it before the House ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am thinking not in com-
mittee.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let us see your law and
gospel for that. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from Ohio, but he
rules the amendment out of order for a different
reason, and that is, that it relates to an entirely
different tax bill; this not being a direct tax bill,
it is not germane to the bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is an amendment to a
section which has reference to that tax bill, and a
section which refers to that bill specifically.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the ob-
jection is not obviated by that.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is it not germane to the
subject of the whole bill—taxation, and how it
shall be collected?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not. If
the gentleman thinks the Chair is in error, the
Chair hopes he will appeal. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order, on the ground that it is
not germane to this bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Why, sir, could I not
move to repeal the tax of last year by an amend-
ment to this bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not,
this being a bill to provide internal revenue.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Does not this bill change
the law of last year? Does it not refer to it and
recognize it?
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask the Chair if the
proviso offered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hooper,] and which has been adopted,
does not repeal a portion of the law of last ses-
sion, and relieve Nebraska from the direct tax?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Yes, sir; you can take
the direct tax off Nebraska, but you cannot take
anything; off Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is right; although he still
thinks the amendment not germane to the bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh, 1 do not care what
the reason is, so I am right. [Laughter.] I do
not offer this amendment for the purpose of mak-
ing any factious allusion to the question of how
this direct tax is to be collected. I offer it as an
act of justice to the people of the State of Ken-
tucky in which I live. I say nothing about other
States. In consequence of some fastidiousness,
or something of the sort, the direct tax imposed
in the bill of August last was confined exclusively
to the landed estate in the several States and Ter-
ritories. The effect of that provision in the State
of Kentucky is to exempt from the necessary and j
legal purview of the act all that description of I
estate which comes under the term of 44 persons
held to service," or " slaves," if you choose to
call them so. Is it right that the slaveholder in
Kentucky—the man who owns fifty slaves, which
are property there under the protection of the
State laws of Kentucky, and the laws and Con-
stitution of the United States—should not con-
tribute his proportion, according to the estimated
value of his property in that State, for the sup-
port of the Government that gives him protection?
Will you put the whole burden upon the landed
interest of the country, and let the holders of this
other description of property bo exempt fiom the
payment of taxes ? Has it ever been done by this
Governmentsince its organization? I have copied
this amendment precisely fiom the law imposing
direct taxation upon the United States in 1813,
and there was a similar provision in every law
that preceded that from 1792 down to that time,
laying a direct tax upon (i the land and slaves of
the United States within the respective States."
Gentlemen seem to think that there is no right
or power to impose this tax. They say there is
no such thing asproperty in such an estate. Why,
sir, they have forgotten the Constitution and the
history of their Government. Go to your legis-
lation, and you will find there that our fatheis,
who were as pure and as honest and as learned
as we can pretend to be, treated them as property
subject to taxation. If you omit to do it, you do
injustice by imposing a tax upon the man who
owns land, while you exempt from taxation his
neighbor who may be worth twice as much, but
who owns no land.
But, sir, I have some law upon the question of
the liability of this property to taxation by the
laws of the United States and the Government
of the United States, independent of our State le-
gislation. I will call your attention to the opin-
ion of a man whose opinions have been quoted
here upon every other branch of this subject, his
opinion in his better days; I allude to John'duincy
Adams, formerly President of the United States.
In 1815 we had a treaty to execute with Great
Britain. During the war of 1812, the British
forces under Admiral Cochrane and others, in nav-
igating the waters of Chesapeake bay and of the
South, actuated by those feelings which seem now
to be sympathetic here, issued his proclamation
proclaiming fieedom to all the slaves of the South
who would connect themselves with the British
army or enter British ships. Under that procla-
mation they took, before the close of the war, I
think, four or five thousand slaves. In the treaty
of peace made with Great Britain, the treaty of
Ghent, there was a stipulation requiring her to
return all the property she had taken from'private
citizens during the war. Her public men then,
like some of our public men now, thought there
could be no such thing as property in that desctip-
tion of human beings, and Great Britain refused
to deliver up the individuals thus taken or to pay
for them. The question of the right of the claim
of the United States was submitted by the treaty
between the two Powers to the Emperor of Rus-
sia, who was to settle the question whether Eng-
land, under the terms of the treaty of Ghent, was
bound to surrender the slaves, or pay the value
of that property. The Emperor decided in favor
of the United States; and it was upon the discus-
sion of that question between the Government
of the United States and that of Great Britain
that Mr. Adams, in a letter to the then Secretary
of State, took the position which I will read for
the benefit of the country, and of those gentlemen
who want to confiscate slaves in this war. His
letter will be found in the State Papers, volume
four, page 16, if any gentleman desires to look at
it. He says:
"Public propeity, by the usages of war, is liable to be
taken and removed, but as to private property and slaves,
tliey ought nevei to be taken."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EDWARDS obtained the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. _ A word or two more. I
will not occupy much time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Edwards] has the floor to op-
pose the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman let
me get through ?
Mr. EDWARDS. If it be the pleasure of the
committee that the gentleman from Kentucky con-
tinue his remarks, I will wait till he gets through.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will make no objection to
the gentleman from Kentucky continuing his re-
marks, if I be allowed the same length of time to
answer; although 1 must say that I am astonished
that the gentleman should drag this negro question
on every occasion before the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDWARDS. I cannot yield to a five
minutes speech.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman al-
low me so much time as to read an extract from
Mr. Adams's letter?
Mr. EDWARDS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Adams in the same
letter says:
" Our object was the restoration of all property, includ-
ing slave*, winch by the u«agp of war among civihzed na-
tions,ought not to have been taken. All private property
on land w;t«> of that dcsuiption. It was entitled by the
Uivv« or war to exemption fromcaptmo. KUve«? were private
propei ty. The act of seducing them from their masters by
a promise of freedom was in violation of the laws of war.''
I read for the benefit of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] I think it right that the
tax should be imposed on that description of
property. That is necessary and just to those
who live in the part of the country where such
property is held.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, this is the
same proposition that was made at the extra ses-
sion, and which was then overruled. It was in-
corporated in the bill of that session as it was re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means,
and was struck out by the deliberate action of the
House. It was known then that in the past legis-
lation of the country this particular species of
property—if property it is to be called—had been
connected with lands in the apportionment of a
direct tax. But, sir, I tiust that it seemed to the
House, as it seemed to me then and as it seems
to mc now, that there is no more propriety in con-
necting this species of property—if property it is
to be called—with land in the assessment of direct
taxes, than there would be in connecting with it
any other species of property in the country. And
if it is not property, it certainly cannot be incor-
porated in connection with lauds. If this labor
takes the place of labor performed by some of the
brute creation in the northern States—as it does
to some extent—why not include beasts of bur-
den, the animals that draw the plow or do the
transportation, in connection with land, for the
purpose of assessing and apportioning any direct
tax? The fact, Mr. Chaii man, that it has been
so incorporated in the past legislation of the coun-
try furnishesno argument why it should be. I
think that if it has been so incorporated—and I
