3214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
that in concurring in the amendments of the Sen-
ate, we will except the amendments striking out
the seventh and eighth sections.
Mr. GOODWIN. I object to a division of the
question.
The previous question was seconded, anu the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I want to call the attention of
the House to a remarkable thing in this bill. The
amendment of the Senate, in striking out the pro-
vision of the House fixing the charges for appli-
cations for back pay and pensions, proposes to
open the whole thing to pension agents who are
now crowding in this city from all quarters, and
establishing themselves m every street and by-
way. It ia proposed that they shall be left free to
charge for any services that they may render in
procuring these pensions, whatever price they
please. I hope the House will non-concur in that
amendment of the Senate. It will obliterate the
feature of the bill which most commends itself to
my approval. It operates against any set of men
combining in the country for the purpose of taking
one half or one quarter of what they can get under
this pension act as compensation for their services.
The provision of the House fixes the charges at
a reasonable rate, and I sincerely trust that the
House will non-concur in the amendment of the
Senate striking it out.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let the gentleman indicate
the amendments to which he proposes wc shall
non-concur.
Mr. DAWES. They were indicated by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, i desire that the House shall
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate, so
far as they strike out that portion of the bill which
fixes the chargcs of pension agents.
Mr. HOLM AN. My motion is that the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in, excepting
those striking out the seventh and eighth sections.
Mr. BINGHAM. Inasmuch as there seems to
be some doubt in reference to the amendments of
the Senate, which ought to be concurred in, and
those which ought not to be concurred in. I sug-
gest that the motion be made that all the amend-
ments of the Senate be non-concurred in, and that
a conference be asked with the Senate, 111 order
that all these matters may be put right.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 accept the gentleman's sug-
gestion. I withdraw my motion; and 1 move that
the amendments of the Senate be non-concurrcd
in, and that a committee of conference bo asked
on the disagreeing votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
i'oblio doctlmbnts at cost.
A bill (S. No. 330) to provide for the further
distribution of public documents.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG moved that the bill
be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
tabic; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider bo laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
senators to fill vacancies.
A joint resolution ;S. No. 76) relating to the
compensation of Senators elected or appointed to
vacancies.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
and ordered to a third reading; and was accord-
read the third time, and passed.
contracts witii the government.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table,
was a joint resolution (S. No. 93) in relation to
contracts with the Government.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
oidered to a third reading, and it was accordingly
rend the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to move to amend
that resolution?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer an amendment which shall require
the publication of the advertisements in relation to
contracts, to be published alternately, from week
to week, in the several dailies in this city.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Illinois. It is now
so late in the session, will we not lose the bill al-
together if we allow it to be amended ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think not.
I think we had
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING.
better let it go on as it is.
Mr. HALE. I will suggest an amendment to
the amendment. It is, that all offices solicited
during the week shall be published also.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I must object to
any amendments. I am satisfied we shall lose the
bill if we allow them.
The resolution was then passed.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fines, etc., in tub district of columbia.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table,
was a bill (S. No. 316) to provide for the payment
of fines and penalties collected by or paid to the
justices of the peace in the District of Columbia,
under the acts of Congress approved the 3d and
5th of August, 1861, and for other purposes.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed. TOHiM a. evans.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table,
was a bill (S. No. 375) for the relief of William
A. Evans.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
relief Of indiana volunteers.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 321) for the relief of certain
companies of Indiana volunteers who lost their
baggage and other property at Hatteras Inlet.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to say a word or two
in relation to this claim, and then I think the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire Will allow it to pass.
A large number of the recipients under this bill
have gone to their last account from the battle
before Richmond, and justice should be rendered
to those who survive. One third of that twen-
tieth regiment of Indiana volunteers are killed or
wounded. They were sent forty miles from any
support, to the extremity of Hatteras Island, near
Roanoke Island, to a place called Chicamacomico,
They were attacked, and having no transporta-
tion or artillery, were compelled to retreat to save
their lives. They did so, a number of them being
captured upon their retreat. Their baggage was
all necessarily left behind. They went in pursu-
ance of orders, and lost everything.
Every one of the items of this claim is verified
under oath, even those of the smallest amount.
The papers were before the Senate, and were ex-
hibited while the bill was pending in that body.
There never lias been a claim as well substan-
tiated before Congress. To refer it now is to de-
feat it for the session. I submit the bill to the
House with this brief explanation, and the House
can do with it as it pleases.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The principle of this
bill will apply to all soldiers.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman is mistaken,
because this case rests upon facts entirely excep-
tional in character.
Mr. FOUKE. What kind of baggage was lost
by this regiment?
Mr. COLFAX. AH their personal effects—
clothes and everything of that kind.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to say I hope I am
not disposed to deny to the soldiers in the service
all the consideration that other members of the
House are, or that they deserve; and I should be
very glad if it was expedient, and if it was politic,
for this Government to indemnify every soldier
for every dollar of property he may lose out of his
own personal effects. But, sir, I see that,in pass-
ing this claim, we are opening the door into which
thousands and thousands are ready to enter; and
it becomes an important question with us now, at
the threshold, to determine what principle we will
adopt in relation to the payment of these losses of
private property.
Why, sir, I am reminded just now that, at the
battle of Port Republic, there wore a large number
of soldiers and officers who lost all their personal
effects; and within the last three days, from a re-
cital of the events of the battle before Richmond,
I learn that quite a number of wagons were cut
off, and taken possession of by the enemy, which
contained the wearing apparel of the officers and
soldiers; and one officer said he had not a change
of clothing left.
Mr.ROSCOE CONKLING. Allowmetosay
one word merely with reference to this very point.
I desire to inform my friend from New Hamp-
shire, that not only am 1 assured that the state-
ment he has made is correct, but in addition, that
in the recent battle on the Chickahominy, in re-
peated instances, the effects of officers and men
were collected together, with boxes of ammuni-
tion put under them and combustibles put about
them, and burned and blown into the air, so as to
be destroyed utterly. And the gentleman from
Massachusetts, near me, says the surgical imple-
ments of volunteer surgeons, who went probably
either for nothing or for a song, taking with them
their costly implements, were treated the same
way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ed-
wards,] that if objection is made this bill must
first be considered in a Committee of the Whole,
as it makes an appropriation.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I move that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PORTER. I think it had better be referred
to a Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, it
will be so referred.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
consent to have it referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to say to the House
that there are several cases of this kind now before
the Committee of Claims, especially claims from
the officers and men who were in the battle at Port
Republic, and the Committee of Claims have now
this whole subject under consideration. They are
not desirous to have these cases particularly re-
ferred to them; but they think', under the circum-
stances, it may be best that all these claims should
receive the same destination in order that the same
rule may be adopted in relation to their payment.
Mr. PORTER. X think the case of this twentieth
Indiana regiment is an exceptional one. There
the Government did not provide any means for
the transportation of the property of these persons.
They were sent to Chicamacomico without any
means of transportation at all. They were over-
whelmed by numbers, and it was impossible to
carry away with them their personal effects. I
can see no reason why this bill* should be referred
to the Committee of Claims. All the items of the
account are verified by oath, and the facts are
indisputable.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to refer this bill
to the Committee of Claims; or, if it has been al-
ready referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
I move to reconsider that vote-
Mr. HOLMAN. J move to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] has the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can he retain the floor after
he has made his motion?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will let the gentleman
from Indiana know when I get through.
Mr. COLFAX. I raise the question of order
that the bill being, by the rules, in a Committee of
the Whole House, it is not in order to move to
reconsider that reference.
The SPEAKER. A motion to reconsider may
be made on any vote except a vote to adjourn.
Mr, MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
As I understand, the House, by unanimous con-
sent, referred this bill to the Committee of Claims.
It was then proposed by the gentleman from In-
diana that it should be referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and the Chair stated that,
there being no objection, it was so referred. My
point is that I was on the floor attempting to get
the ear of the Speaker for the purpose of making
objection, but the Chair announced the reference
before 1 could get the ear of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard no objec-
tion. It is impossible for the Chair to recognize
every gentleman that is standing on the floor. If
he did, half the House would be recognized.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have the floor on the
motion to reconsider. I do not know why this
