1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2255
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest to the Chairman of
the Committee on Finance, whether it would not
be bettor, in order to cover all the cases, to mod-
ify the clause so as to provide that these bonds
shall bo recorded where the local law requires con-
veyances of land to be recorded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will so modify it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment as now modified, is, before
the word "township" to insert " county, city,
parish,"and after the word u township" to insert
" or district as the case may be," and between the
words " by" and " law," to insert " the local,"
so as to make the amendment of the Finance
Committee read as follows:
And an attested copy of any such bond shall forthwith,
after the game shall have been approved as aforesaid, be
transmitted to the district attorney of the district within
which the collector named therein lesides, who shall there-
upon procure the same to be recorded in the registry of
deed« in which conveyances of lands in the county, city,
parish township, or district, as the case may be, within
which said collector resides are by the local law to be re-
corded.
Mr. SUMNER. The word "where" would
answer for all those descriptive words. Let it
read, " in which conveyances of lands, whetethe
said collector resides, are by the local law to be
recorded."
Mr. PESSENDEN. The word " where" is
too general. He resides in a State, and "where"
might apply to that. I think it is well enough as
it is.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance whether it is not intended
that this bond shall be recorded, so as to be in
fact a lien on the propel ty, not only of the col-
lector, but of his sureties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to explain
that; I will do so in a moment.
Mr. HOWE. Will it not be necessary, then,
to insert " and sureties" after " collector?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the adoption of
the amendment of the Committee on Finance, as
amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is proper, perhaps, that
I should explain to the Senate this amendment, as
it is an important one. If Senators will turn to
page 31, at the bottom of the page, they will there
see the provision that existed in the House bill
with regard to the liability on these bonds. It
read originally, " and the amount of the sums due
-from any collector, as aforesaid, shall, and the
same are hereby declared to be a lien upon the
lands and real estate of such collector and his sure-
ties, until the same shall be discharged according
to law."
Tiie Senate will observe that the effect of that
would be that wherever the collector had given
bond with sureties, it would form a lien upon all
the real estate, not only of the collector, but of
his sureties, until the final winding up of the
business. The result would be that no man,
neither the collector nor any one who was his
surety, could, with any safety,peihaps, (certainly
with any legal safety,) transfer any of his real
estate, but it would be under this perpetual obli-
gation. We had considerable discussion about
it in the committee, and we decidcd to amend it,
and then submit the question to the Senate. We
propose to put in this amendment providing that
the bond of the collector shall be recorded some-
where, and fixing the place. Everybody is sup-
posed to understand the law, and to know where
to go for the proper records, and that notice is all
that could well be given. When a man is ap-
pointed collector, it will be understood what the
effect is, and everybody may have access to his
bonds and see who are his sureties. Then we pro-
pose to confine the obligation to all cases where
the official bond of the collector has been duly
recorded as provided in the section we are now
considering.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose most of his real es-
tate, or that of his securities, is beyond the town-
ship ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it would be
covered, because the language is, "a hen upon
the lands and real estate of such collector and his
sureties;" but I shall propose, if the Senate ad-
here to this provision, to amend that by adding,
"wherever the same may be situated.' It may
be imperfect as it is now proposed; but, as I was
about to state, there was very great difference of
opinion in the committee, and, perhaps, no fixed
determination arrived at as to whether it was ad-
visable to retain it audi; but ns it was, we decided
to amend it, and submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment is only
material in connection with the other amendment
read by the Senator from Maine. As I am op-
posed to making these bonds a lien on real estate,
as a matter of course I am opposed to this prop-
osition. If Senators will look at the effect of it,
they will see that it will very seuously embarrass
the sale of real estate, especially m the western
country. No man will become the surety of a
collector when that bond ties up the whole of his
real estate,-probably for ten years. The settle-
ments of these collectors may not be made for a
long time, and the bond under the operation of
this bill would still continue to be a lien upon all
the property of the principal and sureties. The
principal and sureties may have real estate to the
amount of §1,000,000 in value, and yet this lien
follows that property into whosesoever hands it
goes. In the western country, and in Ohio espe-
cially, we have discouraged by legislation all liens
upon real estate. A judgment is a hen but for one
year until levy, and then there is a lien but for a
short period after a levy; and I believe that in
many of the western States they have abolished
all hens on real estate; and in some of the New
England States, I am told, they are very much
limited.
I think it is unjust and will operate very inju-
riously to the interests of our people to make this
bond a lien upon real estate. Let the proper offi-
cers select men of character and responsibility,
and then the United States will have that character
and the propei ty of the principal to rely upon. I
have no objection to this bond being a lien on the
property of the collector, but to make it a lien on
the property of the sureties will substantially pre-
vent the Government getting any surety that has
any considerable amount of real estate. In the
western States, real estate passes like personal
property, passes almost as rapidly as personal
properly does in the eastern States; it is the great
bulk of the wealth of our people; and therefore
everything that tends to prevent the sale and nego-
tiability of real estate works a great deal of injury.
Now, merely to secure a lien on these bonds I think
wonld not compensate for the injury wo do, and
therefore I shall either now or on the other amend-
ment call for the yeas and nays. This amend-
ment is only material m case the hen is established.
If a majoi ny of the Senate are opposed to making
the bonds a hen on the property of the sureties,
there is no object whatever in this amendment.
Mr. LATI1 AM. I do not understand that this
lien question is now before the body. The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance merely called
the attention of the Senate to the fact that in a sub-
sequent provision there was such a clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate will perceive
that this provision is of no account unless in con-
nection with the other amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. There is an object as to the
collector himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. That may be so.- I have no
objection to this amendment, because it is simply
inoperative unless in connection with the other
amendment; but if this is defeated it will indicate
at least the sense of the Senate that the bond should
not be a hen on the real estate of the surety. 1
shall not, however, call for a division on this ques-
tion. If this amendment be adopted, it may be
reconsidered after we have considered the other.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I concur with
the views expressed by the Senator from Ohio, but
there is still another and a stionger objection to
this provision. It is proposed by this amendment
and what is contained in the other refeired to by
the Senator from Maine, to make these bonds a
hen on leal estate, not only the real estate of the
collector, but the real estate of his sureties, and
the real estate of his sureties throughout the State.
Now see how it would operate in a State like New
York. We shall have thirty-one collection dis-
tricts; we shall have thirty-one collectors, and each
of these collectors will have sureties. If this prop-
osition is adopted, the bond that the suieticssign
will become a lien on their leal estate through the
entire State. Now, suppose I am about to pur-
chase a piece of land from the owner, and I set
about examining: the title. First of all* I must as-
certain whether this proposed grantor has not
signed somebody's bond as surety; and how shall
I ascertain that ? I must examine in every one of
the thirty-one collection districts for the purpose
of ascertaining whether or not he has not created
a lien upon his real estate by signing a bond. That
would render the thing utterly impracticable.-No
sane man would ever sign a bond under such cir-
cumstances. The thing would be utterly futile.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied that the bonds of
these collectors will in many cases be valueless,
unless they are a hen on real estate. I can see the
difficulty in the case stated by the Senator from
New York, and I was going to suggest to the
chairman of the committee the propriety of in-
serting a provision here declaring that these bonds
shall be filed and recorded in the clerk's office of
the United States district court for the district in
which the lands lie. In my State, the judgments
in that court are liens, and every man who buys
land examines not only the recorder's office of his
own county, and the clerk's office of the court of
his county, but the clerk's office of the district
court of the United States of his district, to see
whether there is any lien on the real estate which
he proposes to buy. All the gentlemen who deal
in real estate will soon learn who the securities
are, and it will obviate a great many of the diffi-
culties that would arise if the provision remained
as it is now in the amendment. I am not disposed
to throw many obstacles in the way of the trans-
fer of real estate, because I have a considerable
amount myself that I desire to transfer; but I am
satisfied that if we want to derive revenue from
this taxation, we have got to hold some lien on
the gentlemen who are seeking these offices and
their friends who are importunate that they shall
obtain them.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to mo that the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Iowa is eminently
practical, that the records of the district courts of
the United Suites are on the whole the best places
of deposit for these bonds. The law requires, Sen-
ators will remember, that every copyright shall
be entered with the clerk of the district court of
the United States for the district in which the
owner of the copyright resides; and it seems to
me that that furnishes a very good precedent for
this case. The office is accessible, and it will "in
every way be much more convenient, as these
bonds will be distributed all over a very extensive
region.
Mr. HOWE. It is a little uncertain, I think,
how extensive the lien created by these two sec-
tions, the fourth and twenty-fourth, would be,
provided these amendments were both adopted.
The amendment now before the Senate pioposes
that these bonds shall be recorded in the registry
of deeds where the conveyances of lands of citi-
zens in the township where the collector resides
are recorded, and the twenty-fourth section as
proposed to be amended makes these bonds in all
cases where fchey have been recorded a hen upon
all the lands and real estate of the collector and
his sureties. I Supposed the effect of that was to
create a lien only upon the real estate of these
parties within the district where the record was
made; and if the local law provides for a record
to be made in the several counties, and the col-
lector resides in one county and his sureties in
another, or a part of them in one and a part in
another, the effect of the two amendments would
be, that if the bond was only recorded in the
county where the collector resided, it would be a
lien merely upon such real estate belonging to the
collector and his sureties as was in that county.
I may be mistaken in the construction to be put
upon these two sections; but it was with that view
I suggested that the word "sureties" should be
addecf here. I am opposed decidedly to creating
this lien. It seems to me that it is as much as
wc ought to ask, that authority shall be given to
the agent of the Govei nmcnt by recording this
bond "in some proper place to create a Hen when
a default has occurred. When your Commissioner
finds that a collector is in default, then allow him
to make a record of this bond either in the office
of the clerk of the circuit or the district court, or
in the several counties where lecords of convey-
ances aie made, and then give the hen from that
time. But it seems to me very dangerous, it srems
to me very hard to '*equire that these collectors
shall give these heavy bonds, that they shall give
