THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, "WASHINGTON, D.-C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
' TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1862.
New Series NoL 18.
the men engaged in the sutler business are honest,
upright men; but the temptation is so great that it
has drawn into it many men without character,
and men who are fleecing the poor soldiers who
are lighting our battles, and ruining and bringing
to beggary and want their families at home. I
believe the passage of this bill will cut down the
sales in the army of the Potomac more than three
fourths—not less than six or seven millions of dol-
lars annually—and that the articles sold will be
only those that may be sold for the good of the
soldier, and that the price at which he may buy
them will be so guarded, so limited, that he can get
them at a reasonable rate. Why, sir, the sutlers
charge now from one to three and four hundred
per cent, profit. Articles that will retail in New
York, Boston, or Philadelphia for seventy-five
cents—articles that men can bring here and sell
for seventy-five cents and make a reasonable profit
—are sold for §2 25. I think this bill will correct
this abuse, and it will prove to be one of the most
beneficent measures that Congress could adopt.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I am decidedly in favor
of some bill that will have the effect, or tend to
have the effect, which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts desires to accomplish. I confess that the
proposition of the Senator from Kansas rather
strikes me favorably, but I do not assume to pass
judgment upon it; and I am unable at present to
come to a decided conclusion upon all the pro-
visions of the bill. One thing 1 wish to remark
with reference to the bill under consideration, and
that is, that it looks to me as if there was too
much machinery and detail about it to make it
effectual. 1 should like to have the Senator from
Massachusetts see if he cannot simplify it a little;
and there will be time for that, because, although
it is exceedingly desirable to act on this bill im-
mediately, it is yet a question that occasions de-
bate in the Senate, on which there is a difference
of opinion; and it is quite obvious that if we come
to a vote and divide the Senate, the bill cannot be
passed to-day.
I speak very plainly. It is perfectly manifest
that there is no quorum here at the present time,
and that there will not beaquorum during the day.
I regret exceedingly this state of things; and I feel
bound to speak of it, that after we nave been in
session here some three hours a day, it is gener-
ally the case that members of the Senate, thin as
our numbers are, withdraw themselves, and that
we are prevented from going on and doing busi-
ness. It ought not to be so, and gentlemen ought
to consider that tho attendance of every member
is absolutely needed while the Senate is m session.
The fact is, however, that it is not so. I regret
to see it, and I regret to be compelled to say it,
but I deem it my duty to say it. Under the cir-
cumstances, therefore,as this bill cannotbe passed
to-day, I move that its further consideration be
postponed.
Mr. CARL1LE. Will the Senator withdraw
his motion for a moment to enable me to submit
a motion to recommit the bill with instructions?
Mr. PESSENDEN. I have no objection.
Mr. CARLTLE. I move that the bill be re-
committed with instructions to report a bill pro-
viding for a tobacco ration and abolishing sutlers
entirely, and I think, then, every object will be
accomplished. If the developments which have
been had in this Chamber, of fraud from the high-
est places almost in the Government in civil life,
running through the military of the country, are
true, it certainly affords small prospect of encour-
agement to the patriot who wishes the perpetua-
tion of this Government. I am inclined to vote
for a proposition such as that submitted by the
Senator from Kansas provided you furnish a to-
bacco ratbn. I think that is necessary. and is all
that we want. I therefore move that the bill be
recommitted to the committee with instructions to
report a bill abolishing sutlers entirely, and pro-
viding a tobacco ration for the Army.
Mr. DIXON. I am very glad that the Senator
from Maine has called the attention of the Senate
and the country to the fact that so many are ab-
sent to-day, and that it is frequently the case. I
18
wish there was some mode of showing who are
absent; and I shall be glad when a motion is made
to adjourn to have the question taken by yeas and
nays for that purpose. I merely say this now
without reference to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. THOMSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CARLILE. Let us recommit this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia will not be adopted 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on adjourning.
Mr. PESSENDEN. 1 hope the Senator will
withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. THOMSON. I will, with the promise that
it be renewed.
_ Mr. GRIMES. I repeat that I hope the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia will not be
adopted. I trust that there is no man in the Senate
who is more opposed to all this species of corrup-
tion that has been detailed here than I am; but I
believe that Army sutlers are a necessary evil, if
they be an evil, and I do not believe that they
necessarily are an evil. The only illustration—
and we can always prove these points by illus-
tration better than in any other way—of their evil
is that which has been suggested by the Senator
from Kansas. Now, sir, ho does not show but
what those soldiers would have been enabled to
secure their whisky otherwise than through the
sutler. We all know that there are harpies who
follow your Army who are not connected with the
sutlers, and -they would have managed to got the
whisky be has referred to within the lines of his
encampment just as well without as with the
agency of the sutler.
Now let me give an illustration. Last fall there
was encamped in a town in which I live a cav-
alry regiment. During the time they were there,
before they were ordered away, cold weather came
up. They had no money. They had been in the
habitof wearingunder-shirts. It was impossible
for them to procure them except through the credit
that was secured to them by these very Army sut-
lers, and in that way they were protected against
the inclemency of the weather, and probably the
lives of many of the men were saved.
The trouble with your generals and your colo-
nels has been heretofore in not enforcing the laws.
I insist that the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and all others who have connec-
tion with military matters, shall require that your
Army regulations shall be enforced to the letter,
and that this bill, when it shall be enacted into a
law, shall be most thoroughly enforced. I have
read this bill with some attention. I believe it to
be a good one. I do not think it is subject to the
objections which have been raised to it by the Sen-
atorfrom Minnesota and the Senator from Maine.
I do not believe it is so complex as to render it
difficult of being executed. The advantage in
this bill over your present Army regulations is
this: your present regulations require that their
enforcement shall be by the company and regi-
mental officers; this bill establishes an entire and
distinct set of men who shall have charge of this
whole business, and who shall first establish the
rates. Now, under your rules, the rates are es-
tablished by a council of administration composed
of the officers of the regiment. Next: the pres-
ent bill provides that the deputy inspectors and
the inspectors general shall cause an inspection
to be made not less than once in every fifteen days
to see that the Army regulations upon this par-
ticular subject are strictly enforced; and then it
imposes all the necessary penalties that ought to
be imposed, I think, in such cases.
Mr. CARLILE. I presume, sir, there is no
Government on earth that has provided so abund-
antly for the clothingand food of its Army, as the
Government of the United States. Everything
that the soldier wants to wear, everything of com-
fort and necessity, and I might almost say luxury,
that he wants to eat, is furnished him by the Gov-
ernment. There is nothing that occurs to me
now that he might desire, save and except the
comfort that tobacco gives, which is not already
provided. I have been informed by those who
have been engaged in the payment of regiments
that have entered into the volunteer service, that
in very many cases the men do not receive a dollar;
the sutler gets it all. You can form no law, you
can shape no legislative provision, that will pro-
videagainst the dishonestconnivance of command-
ing officers; and we have it publicly from the
chairman of the Military Committeein a shape that
cannotbe doubted, that even one who has received
the appointment of a brigadier general in your
volunteer service is strongly suspected of being
partner in this thieving, plundering operation.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think the Senator from Vir-
ginia misunderstood me on that point. I referred
to-the appointment of a brigade sutler in General
Sickles's brigade, and said that I believed the
Secretary of War, in answer to my resolution,
said that Silas Seymour was appointed brigade
sutler on the recommendation of General Sickles,
which recommendation was sanctioned by him.
I did not mean to say that General Sickles had
any thing to do with it. Seymour lets it out to the
regimental sutlers, and charges them, as one of
the surgeons writes me, $250 a month.
Mr. CARLILE. Did I not understand from
the Senator that there was no such officer known
to the law as a brigade sutler?
Mr. WILSON. There is no such officer.
Mr. CARLILE. Then with the consent and
at the instance of a brigadier in command, an
office unknown to the law is created, by which
the brigade is plundered.
Mr. GRIMES. I will suggest to the Senator
that this very bill provides that such eases shall
not occur—that it shall not be possible for any-
body to exercise any such duties.
Mr. CARLILE. Still this very bill protects
and continues in existence the office of sutler in
the Army, regimental or otherwise.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir, not otherwise.
Mr. CARLILE. Regimental. It will be ut-
terly impossible, with dishonest officers of regi-
ments, partners in the sutler business, to execute
this law. It is true, the Senator from Iowa says
that every fifteen days they are to be visited, as
is provided for in this bill. What is to become
of the days between the periods of visitation?
And how difficult, how impossible it will be to
prevent violations of the law between the periods
of visitation. There is no fear that our Army will
suffer for clothing. It may have been at the com-
mencement, when this army was being formed,
that there was a scarcity of articles such as those
referred to by the Senator from Iowa; but not only
does the Government furnish them, but every
town and every neighborhood is engaged in fur-
nishing gratuitously to our soldiers in the field
all the necessary comforts of life. Strike at the
existence of these offices; cut them down if they
are unnecessary; guard the soldier in the field
from the sharks that are now following the Army,
that are absorbing what a gonerous Government
is giving to its soldiers for their services, and that
are throwing, as I know is the case in my own por-
tion of the country, on the charities of those with
whom the families of the soldiers reside to furnish
to them the means of support.
ABSENCE OP SENATORS.
Mr. RICE. Is it in order to offer a resolution
now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order.
Mr. RICE. 1 ask to have a resolution read for
the information of the Senate, which I propose to
offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That live dollars be deducted from the pay of
pveiy Senator who shall not answer to hi5? name whenever
the yra> and nay* shall be ordered and called, unless said
Senator shall be absent in consequence of sickness, orshalJ
be excused by the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. You give notice that you
propose to change the rules of the Senate?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
