1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3215
matter should produce any excitement. It is only
a question in regard to the payment of the claims
of these soldiers. My friend from Indiana cannot
imagine that I am opposed to that; but the bill
certainly embraces a principle which applies to a
great many other cases that mustcome beforeCon-
gress. Allusion has been made here to the fact
that in the swamps of the Chickahominy our sol-
diers lost a great deal of their baggage. * Not five
minutes ago a young man from my own town, a
second lieutenant in the regular Army, told me
that he lost everything but the clothes on his back.
If this bill is fair in the one case, it is also fair in
the other.
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
whether the House did not, a few days ago, pass
a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of War
to furnish extra clothing to all soldiers who had
lost clothing by the exigenciesof war? That would
bring the Indiana men on a level with the Illinois
and Pennsylvania and all other soldiers who have
lost their clothing. There is, therefore, no neces-
sity for passing this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If my friend from Penn-
sylvania is correct, it is another argument why
this matter should be referred to the Committee
of Claims. I now move the previous question
on the motion to reconsider the reference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the reference was reconsidered, and^he bill was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIM.
The next business taken up was the bill (S. No.
318) for relief in the land claim in California known
as the claim of Francisco Soberanes to a tract of
land known as Saujon de Santa Rita. The bill
recites that in the district court of the United
States for the southern district of California, in
the case of Francisco Soberanes vs. The United
States, for the rancho lying in the State of Cali-
fornia known by the name of Saujon de Santa
Rita, a decree filed on the 9th day of February,
1858, was entered, confirming to the said Sobe-
ranes the said tract of land known by the name
ofSaujon de SantaRita; thaton the presentation of
the mandate of the Supreme Court of the United
States, dismissing the appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States in said cause, the said
decree was made final by a decree of said district
court, rendered on the 1st day of November, 1860;
and that the land confirmed as aforesaid lies in
the northern district of California, as ascertained
by a final survey of the same; it therefore declares
the said decrees of the district court of the United
States for the southern district of California to be
as valid and effectual as if the same had been ren-
dered by the district court of the United States
for the northern district of California.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I desire that this
bill shall be passed now. There is not, and can-
not be, any possible objection to it. I will state
the circumstances. This ranch or private land
claim in California was confirmed by the Supreme
Court. A survey was ordered, and in making the
survey,vit was ascei tained that the land lies actu-
ally in the northern district, and that consequently
the patent could not issue, nor the return be made.
This bill is simply to get over the difficulty, and
let the return be made. The passage of this bill
is recommended by the Secretary of the Interior
and the Attorney General.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
paymasters' bonds.
The next business taken up was Senate bill No.
380, repealing the law requiring the bonds of pay-
masters and assistant paymasters to be approved
by the judge or attorney of the district in which
such paymaster or assistant paymaster shall re-
side.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
J. W., A. L., AiVDW. W. DYEK.
Tile next business taken up was a bill (S. No.
338) for the relief of Joseph W. Dyer, Ansel L.
Dyer, and William W. Dyer. The bill authorizes
and directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Joseph W. Dyer, Ansel L. Dyer,
and William W. Dyer, the sum of $549 GO, being
for tonnage duties wrongfully exacted from the
ship Corinthian by the collector of the port of
New Orleans, in the year 1858.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to the con-
sideration of that bill, and move its reference to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30,1863, reported
that the committee,after full and free confercnce,
had agreed to recommend that the House recede
from its disagreement to the second, fourth,
twenty-ninth, thirty-fourth, forty-second, and
forty-eighth amendments of the Senate, and agree
to the same; that the Senate recede from its elev-
enth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first,twenty-
fifth, twenty-sixth, thirty-first, forty-first, forty-
third, and forty-seventh amendments; that the
Senate recede from its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the House to the fourteenth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same; that the
.House recede from its disagreement to the forty-
sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment to add the word "five"
after the word "thirty," in line three; that the
House recede from it^disagreement tcfsomuch of
the Senate's twenty-second amendment as pro-
poses to insert the words:
Provided, The Secretary of the Navy can procure a sat-
isfactory title to tlic whole thereof, $65,000.
And agree to the same with an amendment to
strike out the words proposed to be inserted, and
after the word "dollars," in line twenty-four, to
insert:
Provided, That the chief of the Bureau of Docks and
Yards he, and he is herehy, authorized to purchase that
portion of Seavey's Island lying east of the road, for sucli
sum as to lnm may seem reasonable and advantageous to
the Government.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING-. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania what pioportion
of Seavey's Island lies within the boundaries de-
scribed in the report of the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. The purchase provided for
by the House was twenty-seven acres. There is
a corner running down near the deep water, with
the road lying on the other side. This is to au-
thorize the purchase of all on the east side of the
road, down to deep water. The water above is
shallow. This takes it down to thirty-one feet.
It is probably four acres more.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Thirty-one or thirty-
two acres in all. *
Mr. STEVENS. Thereabouts.
Tlie report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
EMANCIPATION IN TII1S DISTRICT.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 351) supplementary to the
" Act for the lelease of certain persons held to
service in the District of Columbia," approved
April 16, 18GS.
The bill provides that the oath or affirmation
required to verify the statements or petitions in
writing,filed before thecommissioncrs,ofpersons
holding claim to scrvice or labor against persons
of African descent, freed and discharged there-
from, may, in all cases, where the persons hold-
ing such claims are infants or minors, be made by
the guardian or by any other person, whether
separately or jointly, having the custody, manage-
ment, or control by law of the person and prop-
erty of such infants or minors; and that in all cases
where the persons holding such clf^ms are non-
residents of the District of Columbia, or resident
absentees, the oath or affirmation required may
bo made by the attorney or agent of said non-resi-
dent or resident absentees, and in all cases in
which the statements or petitions required of per-
sons in the military or naval service of the United
States, shall have been or may be hereafter veri-
fied before any commander of any military post,
or of any officer having a separate command of
any military force in the field, or before any cap-
tain, commander, or lieutenant commanding in
the Navy, the same shall be received and deemed
valid, to all intents and purposes, as fully as if
the verification had been or were made before any I
officer competent by law to take and administer
oaths and affirmations; provided the commission-
ers shall be satisfied that, at the time of the veri-
fication .aforesaid, the person making the same
was employed in the military or naval service of
the United States within the jurisdiction of a re-
bellious State or Territory, and unable to make
the oath or affirmation required before any officer
authorized by law to take or administer the same,
holding allegiance to the United States. *
The second section provides that where no claim
is made by the owner, the person whose services
are claimed may file a statement setting forth the
facts.
The third section directs the clerk to the com-
missioners to prepare, sign, and deliver certifi-
cates, as prescribed in the tenth section of the act
to which this is supplementary, to such person or
persons as shall file such statements, in all respects
the same as if such statements were filed by the
person having claim to their service or labor.
The fourth section declares that all persons held
to se-vice or labor under the laws of any State,
and who at any time since the 16th day of April,
1862, by the consent of the person to whom such
service or labor is claimed to be owing, have been
actually employed within the District of Colum-
bia, or who shall be hereafter thus employed,free,
and forever released from such servitude, any thing
in the laws of the United States or of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. ASHLEY. The bill before the House is
supplementary to the act abolishing slavery in
this District. It allows the claims of persons who
are minors or who are absent from the city to be
presented for payment of the services of persons
held by them as slaves, in accordance with the
recommendations of the President. It also pro-
vides that slaves sent here by their masters for
hire shall be set free, which is simply l-ceii^cting
what has for a long time been the decisions of the
courts here.
Mr. CALVERT. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment. I desire to move to strike
out the fourth section, which is not in any sense
carrying out the provisions of the bill abolishing
slavery in the District of Columbia. It is simply
interfering with the rights of slaveholders in the
other States. I move to strike out that section of
the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY. I must decline to withdraw
the demand for the previous question to permit
that amendment to be offered.
Mr. CALVERT. I^hope, then, it will be voted
down.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. As I understand the read-
ing of that section, if a man in Montgomery county
or any wheie in Maryland, sends his negro to mar-
ket, or into the city to do any business for him,
ho is set free. Now, I desire to hear that section
read again. I have no objection to freeing those
sent here for hire, or as laborers, but I do not
think it is right to seta man's negro free when he
sends him here to market, or to do any matter of
shopping.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask that the section may be
read. 1 think the gentleman puts a wrong con-
struction on it.
The Clerk again read the section.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
if it applies to a man passing through the city with
his family ?
Mr. ASHLEY. I cannotinform the gentleman
what construction will be placed upon it. It is a
Senate bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I merely asked for the gen-
tleman's construction. I do not think it applies
to such a case as I have mentioned.
Mr. ASHLEY. Nor do 1 think it is liable to
that construction.
Mr. COX. I wish to make a motion to refer
this bill.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. I move then to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. CALVERT called for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Alien, Ancona, Baily, Riddle,
Jacob B. Blair, Calvert, Cobb, Coining, Cot, Ciavenn
Crl"fieU1, Dmilap. English, Fonko. (Jridei-. Hall, IJolman,
