3216
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10.
Knapp*, Law, Lazear, Mallory, Maynard, Nngcn, Peudle-
ton, Perry, Richardson, James S. Itoliins, Shiel, John B.
Steele, Utiles, Frauds Thomas, Ward, Webster, Wiekliffo,
and Wood—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Ashley, Baxter, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, JBuffinton, Chamberlin,
Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkhng,
Cutter, Davis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
F«nron,Fessenden, Frank, Goodwin, Guriey, Hale, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low,
McPherson, Mitchell, Anson P. Morrill, Justm S. Morrill,
Nfivon, Patton, Timothy-G. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter,
John H. Ilice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Stevens,
Stratum, Benjamin F.Thomas,Trimble,Trowbridge, Van
Horn, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Wasbbume,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and Wmdom—67.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. MOORHEAD (having been absent when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. WICKL1FFE objected.
Mr. MOORHEAD said that, if permitted, he
would vote " no."
Mr. MENZIES (having been absent when his
name was called) asked permission to record his
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. BINGHAM objected.
Mr. ARNOLD (having;also been absent)aaked
leave to record his vote in the negative.
Mr. CALVERT objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CRISFIELD, I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the fourth section, and, if the House will
permit me, I will give notice of it.
Mr. BINGHAM objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question!
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashley and
Crisfield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 6*3, noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr, WICKLIFFE rose simultaneously and
claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
demands the previous question.
Mr. WICIvLlFFE. The gentleman from Ohio
did not add ress the Chair. I saw the Speaker turn
his eyes towards the gentleman. They cannot
shut my eyes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
a moment, The Chair will have read the practice
of the House.
The Clerk read from Barclay's Digest, in sub-
stance, that the member on whose motion a meas-
ure is token up has the right to he recognized at
every new sln^e in its consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will there-
fore see that it was the duty of the Chair to recog-
nize the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 ask the Chair if he did
not hear me address the Chair before the gentle-
man from Ohio demanded the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
demanded the previous question before the gen-
tleman from Kentucky addressed the Chair; both,
however, before the Chair could properly recog-
nize either.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I appeal to the gentleman
to allow me to offer an amendment, and make a
single statement in reference to it.
Mr. ASHLEY. I cannot withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CRISFIELD, Then I appeal to the gen-
tleman to withdraw his demand to allow me to
submit an amendment, without any debate what-
ever.
Mr. ASHLEY. T cannot withdraw the demand.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Then I hope there is patri-
otism enough in the House to vote down the de-
mand.
ThcSPEAKER. Thegentleman isnotinorder.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I know lam not in order
_ Mr. WICKLIFFE. If that is the kind of le-
gislation we are to have, I must decline to vote
any further.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to ask the Chair
whether, if the demand for the previous question
were withdrawn, any amendment would now be
in order to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Is the gentleman from Illi-
nois in order?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I merely wished to show
that the gentleman would accomplish nothing by
insisting upon the demand for the previous ques-
tion being withdrawn." [Cries of "Order!"]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the House
adjourn; and upon that motion demauded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 28, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Bally, Blddlo, Jacob B.
Blair, Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Corning, Crisfield, Dunlap,
English, Fouke, Under, Harding, Holman, Knapp, Law,
Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Morris, Perry, Richardson,
James S. Rollins, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,
and Webster—28.
N AY S—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton,Cham-
berlin, Coltax, Covodo, Cox, Cravens, Cutler, Davis,
Dawos, Duell, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden,
Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Guriey, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lazear, Lehman, Looaus,
Lovojoy, Low, McKmght, McPherson, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Patton, Timothy
G. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John
II. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Trowbridge, Van IIon , Wall, Wallace, Walton,
Wasliburne, Wheeler, Albert S. white, Wilson, and Win-
don!—69.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and itwas decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buflintun,
Chamberlin, Clark, Frederick A. Conkhng, Roseoe Conk-
ling, Covode, Cutler, Davis, Duell, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Fessenden, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Hooper,
Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lehman, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, McKnight, McPher&on, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Patton, Timothy
G. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander U. Rice, John
II. Rioe, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Stevens, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Verree, Wall,
Wallace, Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White,
Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—69.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Bally, Biddle,
Jacob B. Blair, Clements, Cobb, Corningl Cox, Crisfield,
Dunlap, English, Fouke, Orider, Harding, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Morris, Nugcn, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Richardson, Jam< s> S.Rollins, Klhel,John
8. Steele, Wiliium G. Steele, Stiles, Fiancis Thomas,
Voorliees, Ward, Webster, and Wood—36.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. GURLEY stated that he had paired with
Mr. Holman, who would have voted " no."
Mr. STEELE, of Now York, stated that Mr.
Franchot had paired with Mr. Smith.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that Mr. Vallan-
digham and Mr. White, of Ohio, were absent
and paired.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MBSSAOH FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Hicket, their Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill of the House to
establish certain post routes, with amendments,
in which he was instructed to ask the concurrence
of the House. ''
The message further announced that the Senate
insist on their amendments, disagreed to by the
House, to the bill increasing temporarily the duties
on imports, ask a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes to the said bill, and have ap-
pointed Mr, Fessenden, Mr. Simmons, and Mr.
Howard, as the committee on their part.
POST ROADS.
An act (H. R, No. 392) to establish certain post
roads, returned from the Senate with sundry
amendments, was next taken from the Speaker's
table for consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in, and on that motion
he demanded the previous question, "
Mr. WASHBURNE. This bill provides for
building bridges across navigable streams, and I
hope that the previous question will not be sec-
onded.
The previous question was seconded; there be-
ing, on a division—ayes 87, noes 7; and the main
question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was disagreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 2, noes 92.
The amendments of the Senate were than con-
curred in.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate amendments were concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM BAIRD, Oi' PITTSBURG.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw from the files the papers
in the case of William Baird, of Pittsburg.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object, unless copies are
left with the Clerk.
And then, on motion of Mr. BAILY, (at five
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 10, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 4th of June, copies of all instructions
given to commanding generals in pursuance of the
acts of Congress approved August 6, 1861, setting
free slaves who have been employed by the eon-
sent of their masters against the Government of
the United States; which, on motion of Mr. Scm-
ner, was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of the Mayor
and other citizens of Washington city, District of
Columbia, praying a grant to the Guardian So-
ciety of that District of the use in perpetuity of ten
acres of land on the north side of B street south,
extending from Twelfth to Fourteenth streets west,
for the purpose of a house of industry and a wid-
ows'and orphans'home; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of im-
porters and others interested in the sugar trade,
praying that no change be made in the duties on
sugar, and that they remain as now fixed in the
act of December 24, 1861; which was ordered to
lie'on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 345) for the relief of George B.
Simpson, reported it without amendment.
_ He also, from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, to whom were referred a resolution of the
Senate, of the 29th of April, instructing them to
inquire into the necessity of creating a consul gen-
eral for the Pacific ports, as recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury and Fifth Auditor in
their annual reports; a resolution of the Senate of
the 16th of June, instructing them to inquire into
the sufficiency of the salary of the consul of the
United States at Batavia; and a resolution of the
Senate of the 14th of April, instructing them to in-
quire into the expediency of providing for the ex-
change of productions of the United States through
our ministers and consuls with the Governments
to which they are accredited, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
547) changing the name of the steamboat Char-
lotte Vanderbilt to that of William F. Russell, re-
ported it without amendment and adversely.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.R.
No. 510) for the relief of James N. tyluller, super-
vising inspector of steamboats for the third super-
vising district, reported it without amendment.
