2256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21.
adequate security, and that thatsecurity shall oper-
ate as a mortgage upon ail the real estate owned by
the collector and his sureties when no default in
fact maycver happen, i do not understand what
sensible man, jf he had any real estate to give a
lien upon, would consent to be a collector, and I
should distrust very much the sanity of a man
who would agree to be a collector upon such
terms. It effects a mortgage upon his whole real
estate to await the results of this administration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance to the fourth section of the bill, as
amended.
The question being put, it was declared that
the amendment appeared to be rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think 1 must call for a
division.
Mr, SHERMAN. I suggest to my friend
whether he had not better let the vote stand, and
if the other amendment shall be adopted hereaf-
ter, he can then move to reconsider this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that this amendment can be moved
again in the Senate, if it shall be deemed neces-
sary.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make a single
remark on this point. I suppose this bond of the
collector will have to be something like the amount
committed to his hands to collect for the year.
Now, if we raise out of our twenty millions of peo-
ple $100,000,000, the average of this tax through-
out the country will be about five dollars a head.
A collector's district is to be a congressional dis-
trict. That must contain something over one hun-
dred thousand people. If they paid their average
of the tax, the collector m each district would
have about $500,000 to collect. Let us suppose
that in a country district they pay less than the
average; let us put it at thiee dollars a head, and
then the tax which a collector would have to col-
lect in a country disti ict would be about $300,000
even at that low rate. The bond which would be
required ,ifit would be required to cover one year's
collections merely, would be $300,000.
It seems to me that to induce a man to take a
collertor.ship of that kind, and be responsible for
ail hi* deputies in collecting and p.iymg over the
nionry collected by them, and especially if you
require him to give this bond and make it a lien
on his leal estate, you will have to pay something
more than this bill does. The bill provides that
a collector shall have four per cent, on the first
$100,000, and, as amended by the Senate Com-
mittee on Finance, one per cent, afterwards. If
a man had $300,000 to collect in a district, he
would get $6,000, and out of that he would have
to pay ali his deputies, to pay for his own time,
and to pay his risks, and to pay him for setting
this bond.
Mr. CLARK. And he would have to pay his
sureties, for no man would become surety under
this bill as it stands without compensation.
Mr. COLLAMER. Out ot this percentage
which I mention as fixed by the hill, he is to pay
all his deputies. He hires them and becomes re-
sponsible tor them, and takes such bonds as he
chooses from them. With that amount of money
to be collected m a mere country district—
$300,000—the bond I suppose would have to be
something like three hundied thousand dollars.
I do not believe that in that pait of the country
with which J am acquainted a bond for $300,000
would.he worth anything. A bond for §10,000
is a pretty good bond, and may be collected, and
1 have known a bond collected where the amount
was between forty and fifty thousand dolhus; but
when you get a $100,000 bond, it is not good for
anything. No man will stand such a high order
of morality that he will not dodge when you come
to one hundred thousand or three hundred thou-
sand dollars. It always will he so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You sn.vilc
[LaugUte\.]
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the people of Ver-
mont. aie pretty much like others, and quite as
good as others, to say the least; but 1 think when
jt comes to that, you must have other security
besides leaning on the integrity of men, that their
piopei ty will not bo out of the way, and there-
toie I think n very important that this bond j
should he a hen. I wish another thing borne in
mind. W hen we havedone tins,it is verydesir- i
.able that that hen should be recorded where our I
You speak of Vermont,
registry of lands is required to be recorded, be-
cause there we go to look after all liens. If you
put it off in another place, as the office of the
clerk of the district court, it will be a new matter,
and maybe a surprise to many people.. What I
wished, however, to bring particularly to the no-
tice of the Senate, was the fact that no man can
reasonably expect a bond of that kind to be ob-
tained from a collector who has to pay all his dep-
uties, and get but $5,000 a year. It cannot be
done; no man will take the place.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan-
declared the amendment rejected; but he will con-
sider it open, and put the question anew. The
Chair will therefore receive the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words, " recorded in the
registry of deeds in which conveyances of lands
in the county, city, parish, township, or district,
as the case may be, within which said collector
resides, are by the local Jaw to be recorded," and
in lieu of these words to insert,u filed in the office
of the clerk of the district court of the United States
for the district within which said collector resides,
and be entered ut length upon the records of said
court."
I understand that there is a provision after this
that will, in connection with this, make the bond
a lien upon all the real estate owned by the prin-
cipal and his sureties within the judicial district
in which it is recorded. I can readily see that
there are a great many difficulties that are inher-
ent in this proposition, and in every one that
we shall have in this connection. It is rather a
knotty subject to deal with. I do not think it is
proper to allow these collectors to be appointed
and receive any sum of money, whether $300,000,
or $500,000, or a larger or less amount, without
proper security; and yet I know that it is very
difficult to require that sccuiity to he given, and
to be of value to us, without incommoding the
individual1?, and perhaps the public also in some
degree. 1 think the Senator from Vermont is
mistaken in supposing that the Government ever
requires an amount of security to be given equal
to the amount that is received by the agent of the
Government. The penalty in the bond does not
correspond to the amount that is likely to pass
through his hands. I know that in our western
country the bond of a land receiver used to be
only $10,000; poihnps it is now $25,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. l^ifty thousand dollais,
in some instances.
Mr. HOWE. In some instances, $100,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I have known men whose
bonds were only $10,000, to receive in one year,
and indeed at one land sale, upwaidsof two hun-
dred and fifiy or three hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. So with a paymaster now.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes ; we leave that wholly
optional with the Secretary of the Ticasury, or
with this Commissioner, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and he will leguhiteit,
I suppose, according to the circuinstanccs, accord-
ing to the chaiacter of the man, his capacity for
pcrfot tnmg the public duty that is assigned to him,
and the amount of money that he is to receive.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest another thing
m this connection that goes to stiengthen my
friend's^ argument: that the greater amount of this
money is to be collected from month to month,
and therefore, if the collector failed to pay over
the receipts of any month, he would be stopped
at once.
Mr. GRIMES. In the land offices the officers
are required to make regular periodical returns;
and therefore, except at one great land sale, there
never used to be a very large amount of money
at any one time in their hands, and iience the
Government was perfectly safe in havin°- a bond
with a penalty of only §10,000 attached to it.
Now, in a district in New York city 1 suppose
that the Secietary of the Treasury would require
a very large penalty; hut take one of the frontier
counties in my State, where there would be a very
small sum to collect, where the Indians havejust
}> t't, he would not feel it incumbent on him to re-
quite more than a $5,000or$10,000 bond probably,
and poi hups that would not exceed the amount of
revenue that would be collected in the district.
1 am not tenacious about the adoption of this
amendment, but it seems to me that a proper re-
gard for the public Treasury,and the money that
we are going to take from the people, would re-
quire us to affix some security.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 certainly desire to make the
security which the Government is to have for the
faithful performance of the duties of those collect-
ors, as strong as any one, but I object, very de-
cidedly, to the proposition of the Senator from
Iowa. In my State it would not do at all. See.
The northern district of New York embraces
nearly sixty counties. It has been the policy of
the legislation in that State to confine the place
where liens upon land are to be found to one lo-
cality. I can go to the clerk's office in the county
of Albany, and I can find there recorded all the
hens upon the land in that county. I have but
one place to search. I look there for judgments,
I look there for mortgages, I look there for col-
lectors' bonds, because the bonds of the State col-
lector there and his sureties are liens on his land.
Mr. GRIMES. Within the county or within
the State J
Mr. HARRIS. Within the county. I look
therefor all sorts of liens, of which there are,per-
haps, eight or ten created by our statute; and I
can satisfy myself by a search in that one office
as to all the hens upon any piece of land in that
county. See how this will operate. In all the
land transactions in those fifty or sixty counties
we shall be obliged to send to Utica, where the
clerk's office of that district is located, and have
another scarch there. There is not one man in one
hundred who will know anything about this, and,
as the Senator from Vermont suggested, it will
create another place for searches which nobody
will understand anything about for a long time,
and any amount of frauds will be practiced. No
man will be certain that he has got a good title to
land which he purchases. It will not answer.
Now, if there is to be a lien created on the laud of
the sureties who execute these bonds, that hen
should be recorded in the county where the land
is situated, and should be confined to that. If you
will have it a lien on the land of the suieties, then
record it in every clerk's office in the district;
wherever you want to create the hen, there let it
be put on record. It is better the Government
should be at that expense than that the commu-
nity should suffer this additional burden. This
bill is going to be burdensome enough to the com-
munity, at any rate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is perfectly imprac-
ticable, because it presupposes that the Govern-
ment knows where ail the lands of the sureties are
located.
Mr. HARRIS. It would be better to record it
in all the counties. It will not do to oppress the
people with this kind ofburden unnecessarily. I
assure Senators that in a State like mine it will
not answer.
Mr. COLLAMER. It will be worse in Vcr-
m out.
Mr. CLARK. I want to make substantially
the same observations in regard to my own State,
which isthe native State of the Senator from Iowa.
We have but one office of the clerk of the United
States couit, and that is in the extreme southeast
part of the State, at Portsmouth, on the sea-board;
and the result would bo that anybody desiring to
ascertain whether there was a hen would have to
tiavel clear from the upper part of the State, bor-
dering on Canada, down to Portsmouth, where
nobody m the worid would ever think of going to
make a scat ch. We have ten counties in the State,
and the people in each county naturally go to the
office of the register of deeds in the county, and
there is where, in my judgment, this bond should
be recorded. 1 agieeentirely with what has fallen
from the Senator fiom New York in that partic-
ular.
Mr. HOWE. I shall vole against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, because I am op-
posed to this whole labor of effecting a general
lien through the instrumentality of such a bond
as this. How general the hen will be we cannot
very well settle now, and we cannot until we come
to settle the amendment to the twenty-fourth sec-
tion. I apprehend the consequences deprecated
J by the Senator ftom New Hampshire and the
i Senator from New Yuik would not all of them
i happen, because I think that, as that amendment
; stands, the hen would not be so general as they
1 seem to think it is. But I ask the Senate to say
