1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20.
Mr. STEVENS moved that all debate upon the
sectionundev consideration in the Com mittee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union be closed in one
minute after its consideration shall be again re-
sumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the bill of the House (No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 move that the committee
rise for the purpose of adjournment.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WICItLlFFE. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The following section was reported by the
Cleric: „
Sec. 1.4/ Jlnd be it further enacted. That every person
who, on the 1st day of May next, shall be the owner of any
suli or sulls, or other implements used in Jieu ot stills, for
the purpose of distilling spirituous liquois, or who thall
have such still or stills, or implements, as afoiesaid, under
his superintendence, either as agent or on ins own account,
shall, on or before said day, and every person who, after
said day, shall use or intend to use any sueh still or btills,
or implements, as aforesaid, either as owner, agent, or oth-
erwise, shall, before he shall begin tous-e such btill or stills,
or other implements in lieu theieof, for the purpose of dis-
tilling spirituous liquors, apply for, in writing, and obtain
from the collectoi appointed under this act ior the collec-
tion district in which such person resides, or to the deputy
of such eoMectoi duly authorized; a licence for u-iing such
still or stills, or other implements, as aforesaid; and each
such license hereafter to be gianted .shall remain in force
until the 1st day of Januaiy next after the date theieof,and
no longer; which licenses shall respccl ively he granted
upon the payment, by such owner or agent,as aforesaid, of
the sum of $100: Provided, That licenses applied for winch
teiminatc under the provisions of this act in lesa tunc than
six months may be "ranted as aforesaid, upon the payment
of the sum of fifty dollars.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have an amendment in
writing to that clause, but I have mislaid it. I
think 1 can make the substance of it, however,
apparent m very few words. The committee in
preparing the section have certainly ovei looked a
very important fact. They charge upon a distill-
ery, large or small, containing twenty stills or one,
the same sum in the shape of license. The amend-
ment which I intended to propose was founded
upon the principle of a provision in the tax bills
of 1813 and 1815, which was to adjust the tax in
proportion to the number of gallons capacity of
the distillery, making the distillery with vessels
equal to two thousand gallons capacity pay as
much in proportion as the little establishment of
a man who distills his own grain and that of his
neighbors, having a capacity of from sixty to one
hundred gallons. I do not know what sum to pro-
pose per gallon, but it strikes me that fifty cents
per gallon will perhaps be a fair rate. I think
they were taxed at that rate in 1813.
I have not time now to draw up an amendment
in form, but if gentlemen upon the other side of
the House will permit the committee to rise I will
reflect upon the subject, and have an amendment
prepared in the moimng.
I do not think it is just to requiie the man in
my neighborhood, who makes five or six hun-
dred gallons of whisky a year, to pay the same
license as one of the immense establishments in
Cincinnati. But it is true that the man who makes
$1,000 worth of liquor will have to pay as much
for a license under this bill as the man who makes
$50,000 worth.
A Member. And themaninyourdistrictmakes
better whisky.
Mr.WlCIiLIFFE. Yes,sir,betterandsounder
liquor. ^ A distiller in my district makes good,
sound liquor in copper stills, and sells it to the
dealer in Cincinnati, who distills it overagain and
makes three times the quantity out of it.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways and
Means adopted this section after careful consider-
ation, It is a question, however, not entirely free
from difficulty, and, in order to give the gentleman
from Kentucky an opportunity to prepare his
amendment, I move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, accoiding to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
ROBERT M. EVANS.
Mr. "WHITE, of Indiana, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the relief of Robert M.
Evans; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. WHITE, of In-
diana, (at twenty minutes after four o'clock, p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 20, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that the Journal may be
corrected so as to correspond with the fact. I
made a motion yesterday that two weeks from to-
day be set apart for the consideration of District
business. TheJournal, I believe,reads two weeks
from yesterday, owing to some misapprehension.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The correction will
be made.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate of the 13th instant, in
relation to the removal of the Naval Academy
from Annapolis, Maryland, to Newport, Rhode
Island; which was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move the printing of three
thousand extra copies of this communication from
the Secretary of the Navy in regard to the Naval
School.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Piinting.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a copy of the laws of the Territory of Nevada,
passed at the first regular session of the Legis-
lative Assembly, at Carson City, in October and
November, 1861; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KINGr. I present a petition of citizens of
the cities of New York and Brooklyn. I ask that
it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate of the United States; for the
sccunty of the liberties of the jicoptc oj (he United Stata.
Whereas the axioms of the decimation of oiii national in-
dependence " that ail men arc crcatcd equal; that they aie
endowed by their Creatoi with certain inalienable lights,
among which aie life, liberty, and the pnibuit of happi-
ness;'' and the Constitution of the United States, which
in its preamble declares that it was oidamed to "establish
justice, and secure to ourselves and out postenty the bless-
ings of libcitv," constitute the basis of our Government;
and whoieas, under the domination of the slave power, it
has yielded to the guilty phantasy of property in man, and
the baseless, interpretations of the Constitution in confoiin-
ity with the malum practice of slaveholders, who, conspir-
ing against the Government in wicked leuelhon, stnkc at
the life of the nation. Yom petidoneis, inspired by the
love of humanity, of libeity, and ofoui countty, m view of
these humiliating and astounding facts, piav yourhonorable
body, the Senate of the United States, as tine to God, to
immortal man, and to this Government, that with a purpose
coire^pondmc to the magnitude of the occasion, voualfirin
and proclaim the basis principle of the Declaration of In-
dependence, and set toith in the preamble of tiie Constitu-
tion ot the United States as our lull of u^hts, inviolate,
mandatory, and ruling, against all usages arid intetpieta-
tion«s of law contraiy theieto; and to be maintained as the
phght'-d ltuth of the nation, Jot the protection of all its in-
habitants m freedom ; dispelling toievei the satanie hallu-
cination of property in man, and the hope of the rebellion.
Signed by the petitioner, citizens ot the cities of New
York and Brooklyn.
SIMON S. JOCELYN.
WILLIAM GOODELL.
JOSEPH VV. ALDEN.
M. B WILLIAMS.
SAMUEL L. HARRIS.
New York, March 15, 1862.
Mr. KING-. The subject to which the petition
refers has been reported upon, and I move that it
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of James
Johnson, of Philadelphia, praying for the allow-
1 ance of his claim under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, for property taken possession of and
destroyed by the Mexicans; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of the county of Jackson, State of Iowa, praying
that homceopathic surgeons may be made eligible
to at least one eighth of the surgical appointments
in the Army and Navy; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of such
laws as are necessary for the protection and im-
provement of the Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of A. C.
Conn and otheis, citizens of Wisconsin, praying
for the passage of a general bankrupt law, and
that the exemption laws of the several States be
recognized by the act; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Daniel M.
Whitney and others, citizens of Wisconsin, pray-
ing for the erection of a beacon light at the mouth
of Fox river in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a semi-weekly mail from St. Paul to
Mankato, in thatState; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SIMMONS presented a petition of citizens
of Rhode Island, praying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred the resolutions of
the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of the erec-
tion of a light-house at the entrance of Black
Lake harbor, in Ottawa county, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of An-
toine Du Nord, praying for a pension and bounty
land, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill (S.No. 242) changing
the name of the American-built schooner Tom
Dyer to that of Dolphin; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill (S.No. 243) changing the name of the Amer-
ican-built schooner Curtis Mann to that of Sup-
ply; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution directing the Committee
on Commerce to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a collection district at Eureka, Cali-
fornia, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 195)
to amend the "Act to amend an act entitled 'An
act for the better security of the lives of passen-
gers on board of vessels, propelled in whole or m
part by steam,' and for other purposes," approved
August 30,1852, and for other purposes, reported
it without amendment and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom the
subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 241)
to change the location of the port of entry for the
Puget Sound collection district; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. An accompany-
ing letter of the Secretary of the Treasury was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the bill (H. It. No. 269) to establish a Depart-
ment of Agriculture, reported it without amend-
ment.
SAILORS OF THE CUMBERLAND.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the bill (S.No. 238)
to furnish clothing and supplies to the sailors and
men on board the sloop-of-war Cumbeiland, was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mi. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the res-
olution to print six thousand two hundred copies
