2258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
do not think that the idea is practicable. I agree
with what the Senator from Iowa is aiming at,
that is, to give to this tax bill every possible safe-
guard, and I agree with him in the political value
of that, but I began by saying that the safeguard
which we seek must be practical, and I do not
think that what the Senator proposes is.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " col-
lector" the words " and each of his sureties;" so
as to require the bond to be recorded where the
collector and each of his sureties resides.
The amendmentto theamendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, as amended.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I understand the proposi-
tion is to make the bonds a lien on the real estate
of the sureties. I do not sec how any great harm
can come from that in casting my eye over my own
State. The frame of the biJl is, as I understand,
that there shall be a collector for each congressional
district. Then we shall be entitled to five in the
State ofNew Jersey. If five collectors be appointed,
and they should, as is usual, give two sureties, we
should have ten men whose real estate would be
bound bythislien outofatotal population of about
five hundred thousand people. I do not see how
any great harm could come fiom it. It is much
more likely to do good, I think, to have this secu-
rity, and save the money that is raised from the peo-
ple, and secure its going into the Treasury.
Mr, SHERMAN. I ask my friend from New
Jersey if any sane man in New Jersey, having
real estate, would become a surety upon such a
bond ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have not the least doubt
that there would be hundreds of men who could
get these positions and find sureties sufficient.'
Mr. SHERMAN. That may be so in New
Jersey, where, I believe, they never sell real es-
tate, for it passes from family to family; but in
the West, where it has been estimated that the
whole real estate passes from owner to owner in
five years, I doubt very much whether you could
get any sensible, prudent man to become surety
on such a bond.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator only speaks for
his portion of the West. There is a portion where
it can be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt it.
Mr. HOWE. I rose to ask of the Senator from
New Jersey about the same question which has
been put by the Senator from Ohio. According
to his mathematics, there will be but about ten
men in the State of New Jersey whose real estate
will be under mortgage by the filmgof this bond;
and I was about to put the question to him, if lie
knew of one man in the State of New Jersey whom
he would consent to have appointed collector upon
the condition that he should be surety on that
man's bond, with the further condition that that
collector should bo liable, not only for any misap-
plication of money on his own part, but for the
misapplication of money on the part of all his
deputies throughout the whole congressional dis-
trict; and not only that, but for any violation of
duty, any mistake of duty, any mal-administra-
tion or mal-practice; that for all these defaults his
real estate was to stand bound so long as that man
remained in office? lie intimates that there are
men of that character, and as I understand him in
his reply to the Senator from Ohio, I am bound
to infer that he would become surety for some
such man. I hope he never will; I am sure I never
shall for anybody.
i am utterly surprised at the argument that is
employed to sustain the necessity of this measure.
It has already been intimated by several Senators
that it is novel. Other bonds, from more respons-
ible officers, are taken every day, and have been
from the foundation of the Government, and you
never thought of resorting to such security as this.
The political effect of this is thought to be import-
ant. Why so? Undoubtedly the people who
are to contribute this money will be very anxious
that it shall go into the Ireasury. Any more
anxious than that the money which comes through
the custom-house shall go into the Treasury? Any
more anxious than that that which goes outof the
Treasury through your paymasters, through your
thousands of men who are disbursing the reve-
nues, fclmll be faithfully applied? And yet all of
these men give bond, and none of them give such
guarantees as are required here. I am bound to
suppose that Senators are seeking for nothing but
security for the Government in demanding these
extraordinary guarantees, and I do suppose it;
and yet, after all, I cannot help believing that it
will go further than any one measure in the bill
to make it absolutely useless, impracticable, im-
possible of execution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was at first of the im-
pression that it would be very desirable to get this
security; but the more I reflect on it, and the
more 1 hear other gentlemen discuss it, the more
I am inclined to think that we shall have to abandon
the idea. Certainly we shall have to abandon it,
unless a good deal more arrangement is made
about it than is made in this bill. The bill does
not require that the coMector or any of his sureties
shall own any land. There is no such provision
in it. All our preparation about providing for
keeping the horse when there is no provision that
there shall be any horse to keep, seems very sin-
gular. If we were to go on in the bill, and pro-
vide that these men must make oath that they
were the owners of real estate, and what its value
was, and where it was, that would be a necessary
preliminary to our undertaking to get a mortgage
on their land, it seems to me, for it amounts to a
mortgage. The collector may not own any land,
and therefore I say that, with the presentarrange-
mcnt of the bill, all these provisions will be inef-
fective, and inasmuch as the bond is to be a lien
on the sureties' land, no surety will be obtained
who has got any land. That will be the neces-
sary effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is very plausible,
but the provision of the bill is that the Secretary
of the Treasury may make such regulations in
regard to these matters as he pleases, and he can
provide with reference to the difficulty suggested
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not think the chairman
has suggested the case just as it stood in the com-
mittee-room, and I do not think he has improved
it any as it came here. I opposed it there; and I
think pretty much all the committee did, and even
the chairman himself. It has not been improved
any by coming here, and I think it would be better
to strike it all out. I think, and I believe pretty
much all the members of the committee expressed
the opinion, that no man would take one of these
offices at the probable amount it would yield, if
it was subjected to these endless vexations about
real estate. We talked aboutit,butsomethought
we must try the provision. We have tried it, and
now I think ihe best thing we can do is to strike
it out, and when we come to the other provision
which has been mentioned, strike that out, too.
As the bill was originally proposed in the House
of Representatives, it required the collector to be
a freeholder. I objected to that, because I thought
there were a great many pretty respectable men
in New England who did not happen to own real
estate, or who, if they did own it, had lost it,
owing to hard times, and J wanted to give such
men a chance to have the place. That was my
objection to requiring the collector to be the owner
of real estate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Committeeon Finance,
as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hrowning, Chandler, Clark, Cowan,
Fes<endcn, Gumes, Harlan, Henderson, King, Latham,
I'omeioy, Powell, and Ten Eyck—13.
NAYS—Mes^is. Anthony. Carlile, Collamer, Davis, Dix-
on, Doohttle, Foot, Fonci, Hauis, Ilowaid, Ilowe, Ken-
nedy, Lane of Indiana, Monill, .Sherman, Simmon5?, Sum-
ner, Tmmbull, Wade, Wilkinson, WiUey, Wilmot, and
Wilson ot Massachusetts—^.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, if he wants secu-
rity, that three, four, or live personal securities
be required^and that each of them be required to
be worth the amount of the bond.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ques-
tion is disposed of for the present. The next sec-
tion wi'I be read.
The Secretary read the fifth section, as follows:
Sec. i). And be it further enacted, That each collector
shall be authorized to appoint, by an instrument of wilting
under his hand, as many deputies <us he may tlunk pioper,
to be by him compensated for their services, and also to re-
voke the poweis. of any deputy, giving public notice thereof
in that portion of the distuet assigned to such deputy; and
may require bonds or other sureties, and accept the same
from such deputy; and each such deputy shall have the like
authority, in every respect, to collect the duties and taxes
levied or assessed within the portion of the district assigned
to him which Is by this act vested in the collector hnn&elf;
but each collector shall, in every respeet, be responsible
both to the United States and to individuals, as the case
may be, for all moneys collected, and for every act done as
deputy collector by any of his deputies whilst acting as
such,and for every omission of duty: Provided., That noth-
ing herein contained shall prevent any collector from col-
lecting himself the whole or any part of the duties and taxes
&o assessed and payable in his district.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose no amendment to this section. The
sixth section will be read.
The Secretary read the sixth section, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of any person or persons, partnerships, firms, associ-
ations, or corporations, made liable to any duty, license,
stamp, or tax imposed by this act, annually, when not oth-
erwise and differently provided for, on or before the 1st day
of May, 1862, and on or before the 1st day of May in each
year thereafter, and in all other cases befoie the day of levy,
to make a list or return to the assistant assessor of the dis-
trict where located of the amount of annual income, the
number of articles or objects charged with a special duty
or tax, the quantity of goods, wares, and merchandise made
or sold, and charged with a specific or ad valorem duty or
tax; the several rates and aggregate amount, according to
the respective provisions of this act, and according to the
forms and regulations to be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, under tiie direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose to strike out the word " May," and
insert "July," in the sixth line, and in the sev-
enth line to strike out the word " day," and insert
" Monday;" so as to read:
On or before the 1st day of July, 1862, and on or before
the first Monday of May in each year thereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose also to amend this section by adding
to it the words: " for which such person or per-
sons, partnerships, firms, associations, or corpo-
rations are liable to be assessed under and by vir-
tue of the provisions of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the seventh section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 7. And beitfurther enacted, That the instructions,
regulations, and directions, as hereinbefore mentioned,
shall be binding on each assessor and his assistants, and
on each collector and his deputies, in the performance of
the duties enjoined by or under this act; pursuant to which
instructions the said assessors shall, on the 1st day of
May, 1862, and on the first Monday of May in each year,
and from urn? to time thereafter, in accordance with this
act, direct and cause the several assistant assessors to pro-
ceed through eveiy part of their respective districts, and in-
quire after and concerning all persons being within the as-
sessment districts where they respectively reside, owning,
possessing, or having the care or management of any prop-
erty, goods, wares, and merchandise, articles, or objects
liable to pay any duty, stamp, or tax, including all persons
liable to pay a license duty, under the provisions of this
act, (by reference as well as to any lists of assessment or
collection taken under the laws of the respective States, as
to any other records or documents, and by all other lawful
ways and means, especially to the written list, schedule,
or return required to be made out and delivered to the as-
sistant assessor by all persons owning, possessing, or hav-
ing the care or management of any property, as aforesaid,
liable to duty or taxation,) and to value and enumerate the
said objects of taxation, respectively, in the manner pre-
scribed by this act, and in conformity with the regulations
and mstiuctions before mentioned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose to amend this section in the sixth line,
by striking out8'May "and inserting** July," so as
to conform with the amendment to the preceding
section, and in the eighth line by inserting the word
" succeeding" before the word " year;" so as to
read, "the first Monday of May of each suc-
ceeding year."
The amendments were agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee also propose to amend the section in line sev-
enteen by striking out the word "as," a mere
verbal amendment, which will be made accordingly
The eighth section will be read.
The Secretary read the eighth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if any person
owning, possessing, or having the care or management of
property, goods, wares, and merchandise, articles or objects
liable to pay any duty, tax, or license, shall fail to make and
exhibit a wiitten Jirft when required,a1- aforesaid, and shall
consent to disclose the particulars ot any and all the piop-
erty, goods, wares, and merchandise, articles and objects
liable to pay any duty or tax, or any business or occupation
liable ro pay any license, as aforesaid, then, and in that case,
it shall be the duty of the officer to make such list, which,
being distinctly read and consented to, and signed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
