3220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
mediate Potomac; that belongs to history, or to
the President of the United States who sanctioned
it; but I will say that, in my humble opinion,
with no knowledge of the " arcana" of military
details, and with no desire to enter into the con-
test between military men, that his ten days' cam-
paign upon the peninsula, with an army that he
tells us was so much smaller than that of the rebel
enemy, and against a foeman at once infuriated,
unconscionable, and bloodthirsty; a foeman con-
tending for the favor of all the despotisms on earth,
and to maintain an oligarchy more infamous than
any that history records—I will say, sir, that
this campaign " out-tongues complaint," and will
arouse as much admiration among the people of
foreign countries as it has undoubtedly awakened
enthusiasm, confidence, admiration, and hope
among our own loyal masses. Some gentlemen
may call this campaign a defeat. Some will say
that the general who led in it was surprised and
taken unawares, and that all the allegations of his
friends, that his movements were prearranged and
the result of a settled plan, arc untrue. 1 will only
say, that the confliet displayed on his part uncom-
mon genius, perseverance, and ability; that his
troops were heroic beyond all parallel, and that
he saved them from annihilation and captivity.
Sir, I know not in the history of the nations of the
earth where you can point to me a seven days'
conflict, with the same number of men engaged,
where there was more science and skill exhibited
by the commander than General McClellan ex-
hibited in that contest, or where there was more
heroic bravery and undoubted courage on the part
of the troops engaged. I take it from the silence
of the Administration and those in power, I take it
from the history of the war as it is disclosed > that
everything was done on that occasion that the
Government expected of its ablest general.
Mr. President, we arc told that if the resolu-
tion of the Senator shall pass, a groat revelation
will be made that will startle the country. We
are not children here, and nobody is mad enough
to suppose that this rebellion is to destroy the
President, to turn him out of his office, and sub-
ject him to the extreme penalty of tho law. Of
course the alleged criminal, General McClellan,
will defend himself, and thus the nation will be,
as I Viavo said, divided between opposing state-
ments, and our vigilant enemy enabled to secure
an uncounted advantage. Sir, if I were a selfish
friend of the young commander of the army of the
Potomac, 1 think from what 1 have heard I could
desire nothing more than that this comparative
expos? should he made. But I prefer to logard
my country first. In this hour of her calamity,
surely this is not the arena in which to enter these
charges against a general at the head of your men.
If you have any charges to make, go to the Ad-
ministration; but in Heaven's name, in this crisis,
divide not our Ibrcesj divide not the parties of the
country, divide not the men that are carrying on
this contest. I see in this new movement the seeds
of an appalling calamity to that country. Let gen-
tlemen who listen to me hear the stories that are
told by the men who fought under McClellan on
the peninsula, or if they do not wish to make a
tour to that quarter, let them visit the thousands
of sick and wounded soldiers in the hospitals with-
in the District of Columbia; let them read thelot-
ters of the different correspondents, writing from
the different battle-fields, correspondents of news-
papers representing different views, and 1 think
they will agree with me that if the manifest pur-
poses of the Senator from Michigan arc accom-
plished, we may have to deal with a new element
in our vast diffieultiqs. We may have, with Gen-
eral McClellan " deprived of office and compelled
to suffer the extreme penalties of law," to answer
to those who shall demand the reason why this
was done.
Now, sir, my votes have shown that! have been
with the Senator from Michigan on that one ques-
tion which has probably occasioned the most con-
troversy here. I believe in the necessity of a
strong and vigorous and all-reaching confiscation
bill, and even he, with his undoubted sincere hos-
tility to the rebel enemy, is not more hostile to that
enemy than myself. But I confess that I am not
brave enough to encounter the awful responsibil-
ity of assisting to divide my own people, to arouse
factions in the Army, to delight the secession
enemy on theone hand, to assist the sympathizing ,
enemy on the other. The very atmosphere is full
of predictions that from these troubles will date
the downfall of this Republic, and the overthrow
of all the proud hopes that we have entertained.
1 know that Europe, should this attempt made to
degrade the young general commanding the army
of the Potoma.c be crowned with success, will seize
upon it as the latest and best excuse for interven-
tion. Let me appeal to the Senators around me,
to those who have the political destinies of this
Administration more immediately in charge, let
me tell them that in my own State we are fighting
a noble battle for the Union and the Constitution,
urging the most vigorous prosecution of the war,
and that our people implore and beg of you to give
no weapon, place not the means in our enemies'
hands by which the followers of Breckinridge will
be able to divide the friends of the Union; and
what is true of us is true of other and of all the
loyal States. 1 am-not pleading for party. This
question should be abovfi party and party feelings.
It'we are to save the country in this hour of peril,
we must rise above party, and we have to leave
this Administration in power. I am no apologist
for General McClellan's condition. 1 am not suf-
ficiently acquainted with them to explain his ac-
tions or his condition; but the style and manner
of the attack made upon him in this body the
other day were calculated to divide the friends of
the Union and to sow the seeds of dissension that
will lead to most deplorable results.
I believe, as I believe in my Maker, that if these
quarrels among ourselves are to go on, the true
Union men of the country will be divided, and
probably after that the Government itself. Re-
bellion will be recognized, and we of the present
free States will be cut to pieces by our own dis-
sensions, and be called upon to contemplate the
sundering of the nation into different and contend-
ing republics; thus gradually assuming an inferior
position, and with all our great resources, phys-
ical, moral, agricultural, and manufacturing, be
made the scorn and derision of the nations of the
earth.
Mr. President, while I shall vote against the
resolution of the Senator from Michigan, I wish
it distinctly to be understood that I do not do so
because General McClellan has anything to fear
from its passage, or .that I have a'ny objection to
the facts being promulgated. It is said by the Sen-
ator that this is one of the most important ques-
tions that can come before the Senate. That is
true, if the gentleman is right in his statement;
but,let me ask the Senator this question: in "this
hour of our country's peril, is this the day and
the time when such an ex parte resolution should
be introduced into this body? The resolution in
itself is not so objectionable as the style and ai-
gument of the speech of the Senator. What must
be the feelings of that general when he is charged
upon this floor with disloyalty; when it is pro-
mulgated in this body that every move of his for
the last six months would be precisely what Jeff
Davis would have desired ? Is it possible that we
can sustain this Government and its administra-
tion in this way? The Administration is in pos-
session of all the private dispatches of our officers,
and is acquainted with their public conduct, and
has the power to recall them at any time. Is this
the place in which to pass a resolution, with the
sanction of the speech of the Senator from Michi-
gan, that this man is unworthy and shall be turned
out? I am no political friend of this Administra-
tion, but in this hour I know no party. One thing
I know,that the men who are placed in the most
important positions by your President are men
who differed with him politically; and if Abraham
Lincoln can trust the destinies of this country in
the hands of George B. McClellan, Edwin M.
Stanton, Halleck, and other men, who differ po-
litically with him, it is as little'as I can do to give
them my respect and my confidence. Until we
crush out this rebellion, let us stand by those in
authority, and hold up the hands of those leading
our brave sons to battle.
In conclusion, I trust that this resolution will
not pass; not so much on account of its language
and purpose, as the speech and object which is
avowed by the mover.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I do not
piopose going into this discussion 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The business before the Senate is
Senate bill No. 384.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that that be post-
poned until we get a vote on this resolution. I
shall not occupy ten minutes of the time of the
Senate, and probably not five.
The PRESIDINGOFF1CER. It is moved that
the bijl (S. No. 384) to amend the act calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrections, and repel invasions, approved
February 28,1795, be postponed until the Senate
take a vote on the resolution of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the postponement
of the bill. I am perfectly willing that it should
be laid aside to allow the Senator to make his re-
marks.
Mr. SUMNER. Pass it over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be passed over in-
formally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is that the special order, and all
other orders, be postponed to continue the discus-
sion of the present resolution until a vote is had.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask only that the special
order be passed over informally.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Until the Senator from
Michigan gets through.
Mr. CHANDLER. Do not put in that pro-
viso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to laying aside the business regularly
before the Senate?
Mr. COLLAMER. I objoct, unless there is
something definite about it. To lay it aside im-
plies that we are to go on with other business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was the
suggestion. The Chair put the suggestion to the
Senate, asking if there was any objection to lay-
ing aside; informally, the business before it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What is the
motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The original
motion Was to postpone the bill before the Senate,
and all prior orders, for the purpose of continuing
the discussion of the resolution of the Senator from
Michigan, until a vote should be had upon it. That
was then modified, and the suggestion was made
that the bill before the Senate should be laid aside
informally. The Chair understands the Senator
from Vermont to object to laying it aside, inform-
ally.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to know what is
implied in laying it aside informally?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will continue
laid aside again, until taken up by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then it loses its place.
Mr. WADE. It only means that the mover of
the resolution wants to make a very brief reply to
the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the regular
business be laid aside until the gentleman liom
Michigan closes his remarks.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
of the Senator from Vermont objected tor The
Chair hears no objection. The special order will
be laid aside for that purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, to a con-
siderable extent, the Senator from Indiana has
misunderstood my position. It is well known
that the press for weeks has been filled with de-
nunciations of the Secretary of War. That on-
slaught was intended to be deadly; he was to be
removed, and for what? What was assigned by
the press of the country to be a military crime,
to wit, in not having furnished reinforcements to
the army of the peninsula when he had those re-
inforcements at hand. I admitted what the press
claimed, that a military crime had been committed;
bvft I denied that Edwin M. Stanton was the crim-
inal, and I simply and respectfully asked for the
evidence that he was not the criminal. I sought
it in the ordinary way of arriving at information.
I stated to the Senate that this was a matter of
record; the account was made up, and 1 simply
called for the record which the country demanded
should be placed before it. Sir, in this war to
put down this great rebellion you must rely upon
the people. They alone can replenish yourarmies;
they aloue can put down the rebellion; and when
you spread out honestly before them the facts as
they exist, I care not whether those facts be aus-
picious or the opposite, they will never fail you
m any emergency.
What are the facts in this case? I stated thatthe
