1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
Mr. STEVENS. It is an executory contract
for the execution of all the Treasury notes con-
tained in the acts to which 1 have referred. We
have a subsequent section for a future contract;
but this is an executory contract. I understand
that the house which has taken the contract is
one of the highest respectability in the United
States, and, if I am correctly informed, it was al-
most the only one which at that time had the
proper facilities to go on and execute this con-
tract.
I have made this statement for the purpose of
bringing the matter again before the committee,
so that it may be considered. I do not care to
characterize such evidence as that, but I was as-
tonished to find that able lawyers, like the gentle-
men who opposed this appropriation the other
day, should venture to found an argument upon
it as if it was evidence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. It is furthest from my desire
to do injustice to any man m the opposition which
I have made to this appropriation, or in the re-
marks which I made the other day; and if the
House will indulge me in not confining me strictly
within the limits of fife minutes, I will endeavor
to state in all candor, and with as much clearness
as I am able, the precise position which I desire
to occupy in relation to this amendment, and to
do justice to all parties.
It was the furthest possible from my intention
on the other day, or at any time, to reflect at all
upon the conduct of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in connection with this contract. I bow be-
fore'the reputation justly earned by that distin-
guished man for integrity and honesty, so above
all reproach, so rare m all officials at this day.
But, sir, with the evidence I have had before me,
and the evidence which the House ought to have
before it, I am compelled, notwithstanding the
statement of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] to believe, and so believing, to say
to this House, that that contract was one which,
in my opinion, ought not to have been entered
into; and it was one which was entered into under
circumstances that the gentlemen who now claim
a deficiency of $150,000 to be paid to them on that
ground, should not think it a hardship under these
circumstances to wait until it is made clear to the
country that the contract is both just and fair and
properly executed. That is all 1 ask. The de-
sire to hurry through an appropriation to pay them
this deficiency is "just exactly what they want.
Wlmt all these men want is to put money into
their pockets.
My little experience andknowledge about these
contracts have shown me that these men who dip
deepest into the Treasury, who have succeeded in
making the most unconscionable contracts, are the
speediest of all men round about the Treasury in
getting their pay, while the poor man, who sews
up the seams of pantaloons for the poor soldier, in j
all honesty, may knock at the door of the Treasury
from morning until night in vain. The men who
have plundered the Treasury by the two or five
hundred thousand dollarsare the men who succeed
in some way m carrying oil the fruits of their un-
conscionable contracts without delay.
Now, sir, I stated the other day, and I repeat it
now,that this contract was made with these pai ties
by an auangement entered into ill such a way as
to prevent competition, and that thereby it is that
there is this deficiency.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] to listen to the testimony to which
i propose to call the attention of the House. I
read from the testimony of a man by the name of
Hopkins, showing that, with a Mr. Ormsby, he
came on to Washington with specifications and
proposals to do this work, but was wheedled ft om
one Government official to another, and deceived,
until he was prevented from having his proposi-
tions considered at all. This witness says:
" Mr. Omivby camc on to Washington a few days after [
went on. lie had a pi omise from Harrington lor tlnoe or
four days or more, that the question was to betaken np and
considered every day, and tliatwc would be licardupon the
subject. Tlnce or tour days elapsed, and when we diu eet
an interview we were informed by tin1 Secietary ot the
Treasury that the whole matter hart been referred three or
four days before that to Mr. Cisco to be di^po.scd ol. Mi.
Ormsby left immediately to coine to N'-w York to see^Mr
Cisco, but only to leain tliatthe National Bank Note Com-
pany or the American Bank Note Company or both had
been awarded the contract before wc ai rived."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I trust the committee will allow
me a minute, to finish what I was saying.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better confine
ourselves to the rule.
Mr. DAWES I will not detain the House
more than a minute.
Mr. STEVENS. We shall never get through
this bill unless we adhere to the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts can only proceed by unanimous con-
sent; and, as objection is made, the Chairassigns
the floor to the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Edwards.]
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not wish to take the
floor from the gentleman from Massachusetts, if
the committee will peimit him to piocced.
The CHAIRMAN. If there bo no objection,
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts will proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I was proceeding to say that
this is sworn testimony, taken before the com-
mittee 
Mr. STEVENS. Did I not object to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts proceeding against the
rule? I objected most distinctly.
Mr. DAWES. Now, I ask my friend from
Pennsylvania to indulge me for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, I cannot indulge
anybody. Wo shall never get through this bill
unless we proceed according to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustained the
objection made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and assigned the floor to the gentleman from
New Hampshire; but when the gentleman from
Massachusetts again appealed to the committee,
the Chair again submitted the question, and no
objection was made. The Chair, therefore, de-
cides that thegentleman from Massachusetts now
has the floor, and is entitled to proceed for five
minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I was proceeding to state that
I read the sworn testimony taken before the com-
mittee of an individual as to afact which occurred
within his knowledge, that after having been told
from day to day by Harrington that he should
have a hearing the next day and the next day and
the next day, and when he got a hearing before
the Secretary of the Treasury, he was informed
that three or four days before the whole matter
jiad been referred to Mr. Cisco in New Yoik; so
that while Harrington was keeping him busy
watching his opportunity for a hearing the matter
had already been disposed of by Mr. Cisco.
Mr. STEVENS. All I know in reference to
this matter is fiom the testimony before us in the
report of the committee. Perhaps the gentleman
may have some testimony which has not been
accessible to me. 1 see nothing about any testi-
mony of Mr. Haningtonin this copy of the report.
Mr. DAWES. 1 am reading from the testi-
mony of the committee, published by the House,
page 505.
Mr. STEVENS. Is that testimony printed and
in the hands of members of the House?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know whether it has
been distributed or not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand that it has
not all been printed.
Mr. DAWES. Well, sir, immediately after
this man proceeded to New York,, and laid his
proposals and specifications befoie Mr. Cisco, but
when lie got there, he found that the contract had
been made, and that this mail Wood had arranged
with Harrington to delude and aniline him with
promises foAhe next day,and the next, when he
was to have a hearing with the Secretary of the
Treasury, until the matter had been finally dis-
posed of.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask who this man Harrington is ? He is a
stranger to me.
Mr. DAWES. He occupies a position in the
Treasury Department as chief clerk or Assistant
Secretary of 'the Treasury. This is the founda-
tion of my statement a day or two since to the
] House in reference to this matter, that this con-
tract was made without sufficient opportunity
having been given to other parties to bid. I re-
peat it. This is the testimony, and to this testi-
mony there has been no contradiction made upon
this floor. I also stated that previously these men
had engraved notes for the southern confederacy.
I do not know that this is true. I do know, how-
ever, that it was so testified before the committee,
and the testimony was read by my.colleague on
the committee at the time. I have since learned,
from a source altogether independent, that the
same fact appears in the evidence taken before
another committee of this House.
Now, sir, all I ask is that there may be no in-
justice done to these parties, and at the same tune
that no injustice may be done to the country and
the Treasury; that they may be requested by the
refusal to vote this appropriation to clear their
skirts of these imputations. Is this too much ,to
ask in these days of plundering the Treasury?
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether this firm who made this
contract were notified of the charges made, and -
had the opportunity afforded them of adducing
such testimony on the subject as they desired?
Mr. DAWES. I am not aware that the com-
mittee was constituted for any such purpose as
that. I know that a gentleman, alluded to in this
testimony as threatening these men for having laid
this matter before the Secretary of the Treasury,
came before the committee, and gave such testi-
mony as he desired.
Mr. FENTON. I will state that Mr. Gavitt, a
member of the American Bank Note Company,
came before the committee in the absence of my
colleague from Massachusetts, and made a state-
ment to correct a rumor in regard to that company
having a contract to engrave what is termed the
Legion of Honor—a medal to be given to soldiers,
I understand some five hundred thousand of them
—which contract was said to have been given to
this company by flie Secretary of State at $1 50
a piece. It was in regard to this matter Mr. Gavitt
was summoned before the committee. While there
he entered into some explanation of the position
that the company occupicd, or in reference to the
work which was said to have been executed by
them for the so-called southern confederacy, as
well as in reference to the engraving contract en-
tered into with the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States.
I do not know, Mr. Chairman, that what I
shall now state appears in the testimony, because
I was not cognizant at the momentthat Mr. Hop-
kins had made the statement which appears m
the testimony read to tlie House; but in jusuccto
the American Bank Note Company,and injustice
to the Secretary of the Treasury, 1 will make the
statement. He said, if I recollect rightly, that
the American Bank Note Company had executed
no work for the confederate government,but that
it had executed considerable work for various cor-
porations, companies, and individuals in the se-
ceded States; that this had been going on with
various parties in the seceded States, and perhaps,
lie said, with the State authorities in some of the
seceded States, up to the attack upon the United
States flag at Fort Sumter, and that then it dis-
solved its connection and threw up their contracts
entirely with all parties in the southern States,
at a sacrifice to the company of over fifty thousand
dollars. He stated,in regard to the contract with
the Secretary of the Treasury, that the American
Bank Note Company aud the National Bank Note
Company were the only companies in the country
which could execute this work in the time required
by the haste of the Department, and that they
proposed to do it at a fair rate, and cheaper than
the sumo amount of work had been done before
for the Government or any other party. I give
the statement of Mr. Gravitt from my best recol-
lection, knowing nothing beyond this of the truth
or untruth of the rumors which he was called on
to explain. ,
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I never knew
a man suspected of being disloyal to the Gov-
ernment, in the northern States, who did not
make loud professions of his loyalty. I know that
Mr. Ormsby did go to the Treasury Department
with specimens of his work, and with his recom-
mendations, and with extracts taken from the New
York papers of the arrest by the United States
marshalof the officers of this company, and which
contained a minute statement of the size and num-
ber of the platjs for the treasury bonds and notes
of the southern confederacy, which those compa-
nies had been engraving. I know further, that the
committee of this House have investigated that
matter independently of and without any know -
edge on our part of the fact which came to my
knowledge when I was upon the floor the other
day, and have come to the same conclusion. We
