1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
euce of slavery, and i? impatient of the constitutional guar
antees thrown aumnd n. and would act m <hsregaid of
th.'po he. too. m^piaced -landing with us. He will find
Iih place' bornowheie cNe for we have a due regard, so
iar as we are capable of undeistandin" them, for all these
tliixigjj. 'i'lu&j gentlemen,as well as 1 can give it, is a plain
statement of oui punoiplct, in all their enormity."
Why may we not to-day, under the influence
of thu same suggestion of a wise expediency and
forbearance, withhold our hands from meddling
with the institution here, withhold from Congress
all questions connected with this disturbing ele-
ment, and unite hands and hearts in one common,
undivided, vigorous effort to restore the Constitu-
tion, conquer a peace, and after that, m the lan-
guage of Mr. Douglas just before he died, we shall
have time to settle all thesedifficulties? I will quote
his words:
" When wc hall have rcscucfl the Government mid coun-
try fiom Us peilip,and seen its flagfloatingm tuumphover
every inch of Aineiiean soil, it will then be time enough to
llinune as to who and what has brought these tioubles upon
us. Let him be marked as no true patuot who will not aban-
don ail such issues in times like these."
Again, 1 ask Senators to consider what may be
the efrect of these extreme measures upon the pub-
lic sentiment of the loyal Stated. There is but one
sentiment there now, but one mind, one purpose
ity ? Do you give them your daughters in mar-
riage ? Why not ? Are they not wealthy, intel-
ligent, and polite, and, for aught I know, handsome
negroes ? Are not " all men born free and equal?"
Sir, I am not going to discuss the dogma of the
natural equality of men. I am only referring to
facts—"fixed facts;" and I say, right or wrong,
naturally equal or naturally inferior, the negro
never can be a freeman in this country, enjoying
social and political equality.
Now, I ask you to look with a candid eye upon
the real condition of the southern slave. There
lie is, a slave by birth; a slave by law; a slave
by education; a slave by habit; a slave in word,
thought, and deed, in body and in mind; ignorant,
degraded, poor, helpless, without the capacity
of sclf-maintenance. You cry, what apityl_ I
heartily respond, what a pity! But still it is a
fact. Your pity does not alter the condition of the
slave, else he had been a freeman long ago. We
must be guided by our judgment m these matters,
not by our sympathies. We must take things as
i they actually exist, and legislating for the slave,
we must conform to his actually existing charac-
ter and condition, moral, intellectual, and phys-
We shall not deserve the name of statesmen
sentiment tnere nu w, uuhjhc iniMw, ■ ical.    ~ ... ,
Theiein consists our strength and the surest guar- | j if we do not; nor shall we entitle ourselves to the
antee of our success. But this unity of sentiment ; character of philanthropists if we disregard such
an tec 01 uu ' !l considerations. Sir, would you recommend the
Chinese to adopt a republican form of government ?
Would you advise the native Africans, cannibals
and all, to organize a government on the model of
the Constitution of the United States? The idea
is preposterous. And now, sir, candidly consid-
ering the ignorance, degradation, and helplessness
of the four millions of slaves in the South, can
you desire their immediate emancipation ? Would
it be wise? Would it not be an act of cruelty to
antee c. —  
and put pose is predicated on the distinctly tie- j
dared purpose of the war, to wit, the suppression
of the rebellion and the restoration oftheConsti- |
tution and the Government as they were prior to !
the rebellion, without change or modification .Sir,
let it be understood that there is a different object
to be accomplished—such as is indicated by some,
if not all, of the measures to which I have alluded
 and that unity and harmony of public sentiment
will be instantly destroyed. We shall thereafter
in the loyal States be " a house divided against
itself." Distraction will disturb our proceedings
here, division will enter the Army, and the cause
of constitutional liberty will be imperiled with
defeat and disgrace. Already are there indications
of dissatisfaction in the public mind lest Congress
should depart from the avowed purpose hitherto
announced as the only object of the war.
Mr. President, the wisdom of a measure may
be best ascertained from an examination of its
practical results. The tree is known by the qual-
ity of its fnuts. Now, what must be the practi-
cal effects of these measures of emancipation ?
And here I say that the welfare of the slave is
not to be overlooked. As wise and humane legis-
lators, as Christian statesmen, we are not author-
ized to disregard this. What then will be the
effect upon the slave of the summary emancipa-
tion contemplated m any of the schemes before
Congress? Suppose they are emancipated; what
then"? Are they Ireemen'm fact? Will they have
the rights of freemen ? Sir, such an idea is utterly
fallacious. It will practically amount to nothing.
You cannot enact the slave into a freeman by bill
in Congress. A charter of his liberty may be
engrossed, enrolled, and passed into a law, with
all the formalities oflegislation, and still he must
remain, virtually, a slave. The servile nature of
centuries cannot be eradicated by the rhetoric of
Senators, nor by an act of Congress. You may
call "spirits fiom the vasty deep," but they will
not come. You may emancipate the slave, and
call him free, but he is still a slave. He can never
be anything else in this countiy. A freeman has
the right of locomotion; he has the right of go-
lii"- nfto any State, and of becoming the citizen of
any State. Let mo ask the Senator from Illinois
whether, if 1 set my slave free, he will allow him
to come to Illinois. Let me ask the same ques-
tion of the Senators from Indiana. Sir, the con-
stitutions of both of those States prohibit free
negroes from becoming citizens of those States,
or even residents thereof; and that is the libei ty
which you propose for the slave. Other States
are agitating the question whether they will enact
similar interdicts.
Now, sir, I ask, can the free negro be a freeman
clothed with the rights of freemen in this coun-
tiy? In how many States is he entitled to the
right of suffrage or to be a juror, or a judge, or to
a seat in the Legislature; to make, interpret, or
execute the laws of the State m which lie lives?
I understand there aie some negroes hung in the
jN'oith who possess large estates, arc well edu-
cated. and of good morals and manners. Do you
receive them into your families on terms of cqunl-
the slaves? Sir, what would become of them?
Think of it. Think of four millions of these de-
graded, helpless beings, without a dollar of money,
without an acre of land or an implement of trade
or husbandry, without house or home, tin ust out
upon the community to maintain themselves! Sir,
they would starve to death, or they would steal,
or they would murder and rob. Better drive them
into the Gulf of Mexico, and end their sufferings
at once, than perpetrate such a monstrous cruelty
as this upon them.
We heard from our friends the other day—the
honorable Senator fiom New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] and the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Doolittle]—in regard to the prosper-
ity of the British West Indies and of the French
West Indies. I shall rejoice m the perfect suc-
cess of those efforts to elevate the African race;
but I have read on both sides of the question, and
I confess I <im in doubt to-day whether the evi-
dence be not stronger against the prospect of suc-
cess than in favor of it. It is very easy to go into
a subject and select here and there a iact, and skip j
a great many other intermediate facts, and make
out a pretty fair record; but how the case really
is I am at a loss to know fiom the conflicting ac-
counts of travelers, and even of philanthropists,
who have visited them. Butdid not the Senatuis
know, did it not occur to them, how different was
the position of the slaves in those States from that
of the slaves in the United States? There were
but few white men m those islands; the soil was
all their own; implements of husbandry were put
into their hands, and with the moral influence and
watchfulness of great Christian nations standing
beside them and breathing upon them encourage-
ment and woids of good will, affording them moral
and physical aid and protection; and yet, with
| all these advantages; with a soil all their own;
i with no white man to oveishadow them; with a
j Government of their own; with the moral influ-
ence and aid of these Christian patrons that had
! set them free, it is to-day, after so many years,
a question whether it will not be. a failure rathei
i than a success. God grant that it may be a pci-
i feet success !
i And now you, men of the North, I beg to ask,
j what would be the consequences of this wholesale
emancipation on your own communities.' IIow
!' Ion" would it be until this miserable population,
I like5the frogs of Egypt, would be infesting your
'! kitchens, squatting in your gates, and filling youi
/ almshouses? Sn,areyou willing to receive then.
If you set them free, you must receive them. W
I your operatives extend to them the right hand of
ji fellowship, and receive them as coequals and CO
laborers in your fields and shops? Meantime,
what will become of the cotton fields of the South,
and the cotton factories of the North ? While you
are increasing the number of your laborers, you
will be destroying the sou rces of their employ men t.
You will ruin the industrial interests of the South,
and bring serious detriment on the labor of the
North.
The answer to all this is, transport and colonize
the emancipated slaves in some tro'pical country.
What then? Whither shall they be sent? Where
shall we find a tropical territory for four millions
ofinhabitants? And whereshall we find the money
to pay for a territory sufficient to settle four mil-
lions of inhabitants? How much will it cost? I
say nothing of constitutional difficulties in the
way. Let them pass, along with the suspension
of the habeas corpus et id omne genus. Where is the
money to come from ? Rhetoric and philanthropic
platitudes will not purchase territory. Then, sir,
there is the cost of transportation and the cost of
the outfit and the cost of houses to be built for the
reception of four millions of people,and the cost of
implements of husbandry and tools of trade, and
the cost of food and clothing for the first year, at
the least; for it cannot be supposed that the in-
tention is to set these poor creatures down in the
woods, without such provisions for their comfort
and subsistence. Ana then, sir, our task is just
commenced. Wc must provide for their continued
supervision, direction, and protection. And how
long must all this continue ? How long will it be
before this mass of ignorant and servile popula-
tion will become capable of self-government and
self-subsistence? How many generations will it
require to divest the slave of his servility, and to
clothe him with the independence of the freeman ?
And what will all this cost? Who can make the
calculation? Who can pay the debt? The accu-
mulating millions of the current war debt, now
rising mountain high, and resting with the weight
of mountains upon the people, sink into mole-hills
before the Atlas-like dimensions of the sum that
will be lequired for the accomplishment of this
stupendous scheme of philanthropy. A pretty
considerable job, truly, and a fine opportunity for
some more Covode and Van Wyck committees.
Sir, why, in this hour of financial pressure and \
embarrassment, should we rush headlong into ^
such wanton schemes of taxation? The country
will not, cannot endure it. The thing is utterly
impracticable. I am happy to perceive that the
northern mind is beginning to appreciate the dini-
culties surrounding these schemes of immediate
emancipation. 1 find the following m a recent
number of a leading New York journal—lhe
World. The editor says:
" Tin: negro rneo is multiplying with such rapidity in this
countiy that, in a tew geneiations more, Us lelations to the
white population will Have become a question ot loailul
magnitude. At the time ol" our fust census, in Ii90, there
weie in the United States only seven hundred and fifty-
seven thousand negioes ; at our last census, m 1860, there
were four million six hundred thousand. Before tbe end ot
the eentuiy theie will he a liegio population of twelve or
till)teen millions. They aie too numerous evei to be de-
noitt'd ironi the country. The intellectual, *ocial, and po
lineal eapacitv of the negio race is not yet even approxi-
mately aseeitamed, and yet eoirect views on this subject
nnii-r furnish the only light wlucii can intelligently guide
the legislation tor determining tho i elation ot the two 'aces.
It mav never become the office of the General Government
to emancipate the slaves. But novuience seems clearly to
have laid on it the duty ot contributing to the ^no\\ lc(lge
by which the great pioblom shall ultimately l|e solved.
What now wanted i- an enlightened system, (lev  ed i y
men who appreciate its powbie far-reaching resU
bunging to Deal oil a collective mas  of 'e
negioes all the educative V!'nanT„''JlrnisirfSties
winch their condition is susceptible. To turms.iifacilities
to'such-m experiment is woi'li worthy of an enlightened
Government. Wc feel quite suie that it can be conducted
to best advantage only by being taken out of the coar-e
hands of soldier! and pohtlcians and placed mchaigc ol an
unselfish commission of humane ami able men
I cannot conclude these remarks without some
observations of a more general chatacter. Sir,
I fear we are drifting into dangerous extremes. L
fear we are about to violate the pledged faith of
the nation. Sir, what is the object of the present
war? For what are we fighting? To what pur-
pose are we taxing the people and expending the
treasures of the country ? Why are thousands ot
the noblest sons of the Republic yielding up their
lives on the field of battle ? I had supposed it was
for the preservation of theUnion. I had supposed
that it was, in the language of the President, to
II protcct, maintain, and defend the Constitution.
I had supposed that Congress meant what it said,
