1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
army of the Potomac, on the day that it marched
to Manassas, had two hundred and thirty thou-
sand men upon its rolls. When that army was
divided, and a large force taken to the peninsula,
it was weil known that a portion of that army
must be left to defend the capital of the country
where vast supplies of munitions and stores were
located, where were your archives, where you
must.protect your northern frontier. I hold in my
hands, and am authorized by a majority of the
committee on the conduct of the war to use it, the
sworn testimony of nine of your present major
generals in command, as to the force to be left in
front of the capital. General Richardson, on the
24th of December, under oath, said " forty thou-
sand men in the intrenchments would be sufficient,
and then a corps of sixty thousand could stop any
movement of the enemy above or below." It re-
quired, in the estimation of that general, sixty
thousand men in case you made a movement in
any direction except directly upon your enemy.
General Franklin, on the 26th of December, said
that " from thirty-five to fifty thousand men are
sufficient for a defensive position at Washington."
There is a very great diversity in the opinion of
these generals; but it all depends upon whether
your main army was to be within striking dis-
tance. It was unknown which way the main army
would move, and therefore you find a diversity of
opinion, but each one of the nine generals—Rich-
ardson, Franklin, McCall, Fitz John Porter,
Doubleday, Casey, Barry, Iteyes, and Barnard—_
swears that it will take from thirty-five to seven-
ty-five thousand men to defend the capital.
When the army of the Potomac moved to For-
tress Monroe it was decided that forty-five thou-
sand men should be left here for the defense of the
capital. After General McClellan had moved the
army to Fortress Monroe—and this is the testi-
mony, and when the testimony is printed you will
find it sworn to by the most respectable witnesses
that are to be found on the face of the earth, mil-
itary men—it was found that he had ordered every
solitary regiment from the capital save nineteen,
and had not left a solitary gun on wheels for the
defense of the capital. These facts were so im-
portant that the committee at once submitted them
to the Executive and the Cabinet, and we found
that the Executive already had a report to that
effect.. The President at once ordered an army
corps to stand between the enemy in force and the
capital of your nation. Had that order of Gen-
eral McClellan's been literally carried out, Jack-
son would have had this capital befoie the 15th
day of April, but the President interfered. The
press has been loaded down with denunciations
of Secretary Stanton for having kept an army corps
between the capita! of your nation and the enemy
untouched.
Is it not proper that these facts should go out,
and that the countiy should know what the facts
were? I say that Secretary Stanton and the Pres-
ident have sent every man, and every musket,
every saber,every bayonet to the army of the pen-
insula that eould'be possibly spared from the de-
fense of your capital and your northern frontier.
Not a soldier, not a musket, not a saber, not a
bayonet, not ahorse has been refused to that army
that could by any possibility be spared fiom the
defense of your capital and your frontier. Is it not
right, is it not proper, is it not indispensable that
the country should know these facts, and that the
press should cease denunciation of the man who
opposed this division of the army and was in favor
of a movement of the whole force right upon the
enemy, as I think at this time no man will doubt
should have been done? •
Sir, I did not propose to say a single word; I
hoped that this resolution would pass, as all such
resolutions of inquiry usually do, unanimously.
The country demands the information; the coun-
try is entitled to the information; the country will
have the information whether you give it to them
in this manner or not. I hops that the resolution
will be passed. .
Mr. WRIGHT. I shall only take two minutes
fimp 1 am vcrv glad-1-"—"
The PRESIDIO OFFICER. BUI No. 384
was laid aside informally until the Senator from
Michigan concluded his remarks. Does any ben-
ator object to the bill being still laid aside.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 do.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that we continue
this resolution.
Mr. WRIGHT. X am very willing to let ltlie
over until to-morrow.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the fur- i
ther consideration of this resolution be postponed
until the first Monday of December next.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not yield for that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
is not strictly before the Senate. The bill S. No.
384, is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall go on with the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I can assure the Senator from
Iowa that I will not debate the matter long.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied that the remarks
of the Senator from Indiana will lead to remarks
from other Senators; and if there is a necessity
for passing this military bill that was presented to
us yesterday by the Military Committee, it is a
necessity that we should pass it at as early a day
as possible, and therefore I trust we shall go on
with the regular order, and not let this resolution,
which has been interpolated in our proceedings,
take up the whole time, as it evidently will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Themotion be-
fore the Senate is, that the bill shall be further
laid aside for the purpose of continuing the dis-
cussion on the resolution of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I hope that the bill will be
laid aside and this resolution passed. 1 am one of
those who believe m the intelligence of tlie^ieople,
and that we should know the worst, and provide
for it. This resolution is calculated to bring out
the facts; let us have them; let the country have
them. I do not believe that anything-is made by
attempting to withhold from the intelligent people
of this country all the information, let the blame
fall where it will. I think they Will place it on the
right shoulders. I think that the people of this
country will put the rebellion down if you do not
deceive them and mislead them. If you let them
see what is necessary to bo done, they will have
it done. I do hope we may pass this resolution.
I should like to say something upon it myself, but
I forego that with"a view of gettinga vote upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If I thought
we could have  vote in a few minutes, I should
have no objection; but I do not think we can have,
and therefore I think it had better go over until to-
morrow morning, and letusact on this impoitant
bill.
Mr. COWAN. I am rather inclined to think we
had better have the information called for by this
lesolution. Whenever an issue is made, it had
better be settled. The issue is now made; let it
be settled. I would not have made the issue; but
when the issue is once made let it be settled; let
us know the facts. There is less mischief in that
than in keeping the matter in suspense, and set-
ting the country by the ears about it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am not disposed to
meddle in this matter, but I want to know what
number of soldiers there were in the valley of
Virginia, also in Western Virginia, and in front
of Washington in the intrenchments, and also at
Baltimore 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of or-
der. No amendment is in order in this stage of
the proceedings.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment is in order nt the present time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let us have
a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator t'rpm Michigan,
that the bill before the Senate be laid aside in or-
der to continue the discussion on the resolution
introduced by him.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope we may have a
vote on the resolution. Let the bill be informally
laid aside until we take the vote. The yeas and
nays have been ordered, and let us take the vote
on"the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is,
that the bill before the Senate be informally laid
aside until there is a vote on the resolution of the
Senator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is laid
aside, and the resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. What is the issue tendered
by the Senator from Michigan > What is his state-
ment? He savs he wants the record. The Ad-
ministration have that recoid. Do you desire to
cast any blame or censure on the Administration,
and to say that they do not do their duty ? Has
it come to this, that in a controversy of this kind
the newspaperpress of the country, that has slan-
dered McClellan or slandered your Secretary of
War, is to be the basis of a resolution of the Sen-
ate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WRIGHT. With pleasure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Indiana whether he distrusts
the intelligence of this people to decide what is
right,and whether hedoes notbelieve it best that
this people should know, that the country should
know, and that the Senate should know what the
facts are without casting censure upon anybody?
Does he not have sufficient confidence in the in-
telligence of this people to believe that they will
settle this question right, and that they ought to
have the information?
Mr. WRIGHT. I have as much confidence
in the people settling this matter right as the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois; and I have as much confidence,
I fear more than he has, in the Administration;
but this is not an arena where the newspaper press
of the country should be made the basis of an at-
tack on public men. Where is the record ? It is
in the hands of the Administration. You willget
nothing but what they have got; and I take it from
their conduct that there is nothing in this matter.
As i remarked before, the objection is not so
much to what is in the resolution as to the manner
in which it is presented and the charges that are
made here.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator from Indianaallow me to make a sugges-
tion to him?
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will sim-
ply say that 1 hope the Senator from Indiana will
not vote upon this question on the speech of the
Senator from Michigan. We mu not voting for
that Senator's speed), we are voting simply for
information, official information for the Senate and
for the country, and without attacking General
McClellan, or the Secretary of War, or the Pres-
ident. The information called for can do no harm
to the country, certainly, and I think will do in-
justice to no man. I should like to see that inform-
ation myself. As to the speech of the Senator
from Michigan, he alone is responsible for it. He
has taken the responsibility of making the speed),
and certainly none of us can be held responsible
for any sentiments that we do not utter ourselves.
I say this with the view of expressing the hope
that the Senator will not put his vote on that
ground.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have just one word to say
in reply to that, and then 1 shall be done. If, m
all the controversies going on in our country iti
regard to our Army, resolutions of this character
and in this shape, and in the spit it in which this
was presented, are to be presented to the Senate
under the circumstances that this has been, there
is no hope of union. I do not know General Mc-
Clellan; I never saw him in my life; 1 do know
the Secretary of War. But the idea that the Senate
is to be involved m passing resolutions day after
day upon the statements of newspapers, attacking
our public men, is a letting down of the dignity of
the Senate. Not only that, but the very nature of
the resolution, calling for this and calling for that,
is distrusting the chaiacter of your public men, dis-
trusting your own Ad ministration,distrusting their
proper action, and it is weakening your Army, it
is weakening your private soldiers, and it is mak-
ing distrust throughout the land. I only enter
my protest against it as one Senator responsible
alone to my people. The moment the Senator from
Michigan intioduced this resolution with the
speech he made, 1 determined, if no other Senator
did, that I would vote against the Resolution. 1
wantunion; I will trust the Administration; I be-
! lieve they will call the light men, and wnere there
aru wrong men in command m the field they will
remove them. I say again, I am willing to trust
the Administration, but 1 will never give a vote
that will imply an indorsement oi the speech of the
Senator from Michigan, or that there is any doubt
of the capacity of this general, or that he has not
■ discharged his duty under the circumstances.
I Mr. COWAN. 1 think the remarks of the Sena-
tor from Indiana ppift-ctly applicable to the intro-
