1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for payment of said duties or taxes, with ten per cent, addi-
tional aforesaid. And with respect to all such duties or
taxes as arc not included in the annual lists aforesaid, and
all taxes and duties the colicction of which is not other-
wise provided for in this act, it shall be the duty of each col-
lector, in person or by deputy, to demand payment thereof,
in manner aforesaid, Within ten days from and after receiv-
ing the list thereof from the assessor; and if the annual and
other duties shall not be paid within five days from and
after such demand therefor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is one little ver-
bal amendment necessary. I should like to trans-
pose the words " published advertisement," in the
twenty-eighth line, so as to read " advertisement
published."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those words
will be transposed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose that a motion
to amend the amendment is in order now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tins being a
proposition to strike out and insert, both the mat-
ter which is proposed to be stricken out and the
matter which is proposed to be inserted are open
to be perfected by way of amendment, before the
question is taken on the motion to strike out and
insert.
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose,in the forty-sec-
ond line, to strike out the word "ten," before
"days," and insert " twenty;" so as to make
the clause read, " and with regard to all persons
who shall neglect to pay as aforesaid, it shall be
the duty of the collector, in person or by deputy,
within twenty days after such neglect, to make a
demand personally," &c.
The smaller this number of days is made, the
smaller must be the deputy collector's district, be-
cause he is to give this notice within the time fixed
to ail delinquents in his district, and it must be
personal notice. Of course if you make it a small
number of days the collector will have to make his
districts small ones in order to enable a man to do
this duty. Men are very apt to draw their con-
clusions from the condition of things in their own
neighborhood, and perhaps my view on this point
results from my having had some experience 011
a subject of this kind; for the fact is, though it
may not be very creditable to my youth, that I
was collector of dircct taxes during the last war
with England in 1814 and 1815, and I hud this
thing to 44 try on" myself. That, perhaps, is what
has called my attention to this point. At that
time we had sixty days to give this personal no-
tice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The facilities of commu-
nication were much less then than now.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not much less in travel-
ing about the eounUy,and giving personal notice
from house to house. There is a provision m the
bill that persons are to pay ten per cent, additional
if they neglect to pay the tuxes on the day the
collector appoints to receive them. I know that
tends strongly to make men prompt, but still there
will be more or less delinquents; and it will make
very little difference, so far as this point goes,
what the number of men to be served with notices
may be, for when the collector has to go out on a
certain day ready to deliver personal notice to de-
linquents, it makes very little difference whether
he has to notify one or ten. He has about the
same traveling to do. He makes out his notices
in advance, for he has to leave them in writing if
he does not see the persons for whom they are
intended. It does not make much deference how
many there are on the route. My impression is
that in a country district ten days would not be
time enough for the purpose. I can see that com-
pared with my State, a city, a compact district
would be much less subject to tho objection, but
I have a fancy that in a large part of the United
States, and especially in the newer parts, the dis-
tricts will be a great deal more difficult to give the
notice in than it will be in the place where I re-
side. There will be more that are more sparsely
settled than that are more dense.
There are four counties in the congressional dis-
trict in winch I reside. As we know, each congres-
sional district must have something over one hun-
dred thousand people. Suppose the collector is to
collect ยง>300,000 in that district. The average of
the whole collections will be more than five hun-
dred thousand dollars to a district; but suppose
that m a country district, he collects $300,000. He
has got to pay his deputies out of his commissions;
and this bill fixes the commissions at four percent,
for the first ยฃ100,000, and one per cent, after that.
Then, if he had ยง300,000 to collect in his district,
he would obtain $6,000 pay for himself and his
deputies. If he took these four counties which
would constitute that district, and made, if you
please, two deputies for each county, each deputy
would have ten or a dozen townships to attend to.
One deputy for such a district could never give any
notice over the whole of those ten towns in ten
days, and I doubt whether he could in twenty
days, and when you get into the sparse settle-
ments in the new parts of the United States it will
be a great deal worse.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does my friend understand
that under this tax bill probably notone of those
ten towns will be taxed anything.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should think they would
be taxed more or less.
Mr. SHERMAN. Hardly at all except the
income tax. There is no real estate tax under this
bill, no personal estate tax now, nothing but an
income tax and a tax on railroad corporations and
on whisky manufacturers, &c. There are com-
paratively few articles taxed under this bill. It is
not like an ordinary township assessment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Still the persons taxable
are scattered all over the district: they cannot be
compacted in any one place. I have no doubt
there will be taxes in every township in my
county. How it will be in the newer settlements,
I do not know; but I do not believe there is a sin-
gle town in the district in which I reside that will
not have to pay taxes under this bill. I should
think it fortunate if any of them escaped; but,
whether you call it fortunate or unfortunate, as
you please, I have no idea that a single town in
the congressional district in which I live will es-
cape taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. On reflection, I can think
of nothing on which they would be taxed, except
butchers and dogs, in an ordinary agricultural
community. Where there are manufacturing es-
tablishments of any kind it would be different.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no town in New
England but has more or less of manufacturing
of some kind. If there was nothing else than the
taxes on dogs, a man would have to go all over
the district to every farmer to give notice. My
idea was, that when you require the collectors to
make such a large number or deputies, and to pay
them, you almost entirely destroy any object a
man would have in being collector. I was calcu-
lating on making two deputies to a county. Two
to a county could not proceed and give the notice
in ten days. I doubt whether they could intwenty
days; because that would contain about ten town-
ships, and they would average something like a
thousand inhabitants to each township.
The object I have is to enable the collector to
have as few deputy collectors as he can, and thus
enable him to get along with the percentage which
is allowed, and out of which he is to pay his dep-
uties. I think the twenty da,ys will help that
object. The collector will be able to have a less
number of deputies. I would rather the number
of days should be more than twenty, but I will let
it stand at twenty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will consent to twenty
days.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the vote is taken, I
will state that there is one practical difficulty with
regard to extending the time. It is one of the most
difficult subjects the committee had to arrange.
The great body of this tax is collected from heavy
manufacturers. Take the case of whisky: a sin-
gle distillery of whisky will pay more taxes than
a whole congressional district in some cases. It
pays a tax oY twenty cents on the gallon. Sup-
pose the production of a distillery is five thousand
gallons a day; that may be said to be large; but
take a thousand gallons a day, which not too
large, and the daily tax of that distillery will be
$200. In ten days it will.be $2,000. Under the
machinery of this bill,a distiller might gain some
fifty or sixty days' time before he could be com-
pelled to pay this money.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is ten per cent,
on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think my friend from
Ohio is mistaken. In regard to distilleries, we
provide specifically. It does not come under this
provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate amendments
may provide for it, but the House bili does not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think a Senate amend-
ment Joes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know of hardly an article
of personal property taxed by the bill as propose#
to be amended by the Senate committee, and no
article of real estate. It. only applies to certain
manufacturers and dealers, and to an income tax.
which is fixed by annual assessment, and license's
for certain occupations which are taxed in a dif-
ferent mode; so that I do not believe there is arty
practical difficulty in serving all the notices that
need be served under this bill in ten days, withirt
any reasonable space. ' '
Mr. COLLAMER. Do you mean for a whole
county ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It depends on the size of
the county. I reside in a town containing some
six thousand inhabitants, and the county has
thirty or forty thousand inhabitants, and I doubt
very much whether in that agricultural county
there will be forty persons put on the tax list
under this tax bill, unless there are persons having
incomes, and there are very few in our region of
the country who have incomes beyond the amount
fixed in this bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire" of
the Senator from Ohio what his particular objec-
tion is to having this twenty days. I cannot see
any.
Mr. SHERMAN. It extends the time. I can
see no necessity for it, that is all.
Mr. SIMMONS. In New England it would
be a very great convenience.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from Ohio
will look, he will see that " in case of refusal er
neglect to pay said duties, with the addition, within
ten days after the same shall have become pay-
able, the amount thereof may be recovered by dis-
traint and sale of the goods, chattels, and effects,"
&c., so that we have specifically provided that if
the tax is not paid in ten days in the case of dis-
tillers there shall be distraint. My recollection
was that it was so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ten days is enough here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it is, but the
Senator from Vermont thinks otherwise.
Theamendmentto theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will call the attention
of the Senator from Vermont to the next page,
fifty-third line. We have provided there in re-
gard to seizure: "and if the annua) and other
duties shall not be paid within five days from and
after sucli demand therefor," the collector may
proceed to collect the duties with ten per cent.,
&c. As he has enlarged the time of the notice to
twenty days, he may want to enlarge this.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think that five ought to
be ten. 1 move that amendment.
The amendment to theamendment wasagreed to.
The amendment of the committee, as amended,
was adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee further propose to amend in the fifty-fifth line
of this section, by adding the words "with ten
per cent, additional thereto, as aforesaid;" so as
to read:
Tt shall be lawful for such collector or his deputies to
proceed to collect the said duties or taxes, with ten per
cent, additional thereto, as aforesaid, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As we go on I will move
another amendment, which the committee think
advisable, that is not printed. In the seventy-
fourth line, in the words " which time shall not
be less than ten days from the date of said notifica-
tion ," I move to insert " nor more than twenty,"
between lt ten" and " days;" so that it will read,
" not less than ten nor more than twenty days."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee further propose to amend the section in the
eightieth liue,bybtrikingout the word " thereof,"
and inserting the words " of the amount due;" so
as to redd: "if prior to the sale payment of the
amount due or tender thereof shall be made."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee further propose to amend the section in the
ninety-second lino, by striking out "one," and
inserting "five;" so as to read, "a commission
of live per cent, therefor, for his own use."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee further propose to amend the section by strik*
