280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
may be mistaken. We may be doing these men
injustice. I am not here, nor anywhere else, to
do them injustice. I desire the matter to be made
plain. It is too late when you have paid $150,000
more to go into the investigation; but it will not
be too late if you vote down this appropriation,
for they already have had $300,000; and they have
had such a contract as will justify them in offer-
ing to the Government to do for nothing the work
upon this medal of the Legion of Honor which it
was contemplated to get done at the enormous
sum of $750,000. They proposed to do that for
the Government for nothing. I am led to believe
that they have some hold upon the Treasury some-
where else, which justifies this sudden ebullition
of patriotism on their part.
It was said the other day that the Government
could not get along unless tins appropriation was
made—that these men would not stir one inch un-
less they had this §150,000. If so, then let other
parties do it. If they think that they have such
a hold upon the Treasury that they can fix their
price and dictate terms to this Government, it is
high time that the Government knew it. I under-
take to say that for $300,000 there can be engraved
and printed Treasury notes enough to shingle the
Confederacy all over. If the Government cannot
get along unless we gorge the pockets of traitors,
of men who stand in the place of traitors and dic-
tate terms to the Government, it is quite time to
know it.
If my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
will indulge me in a single remark, I will say to
him that no man has admired more than I have
the well-earned reputation that in times past he
has acquired by standing like a very Cerberus at
the gates of the Treasury; and I hope now, after
he has acquired that reputation, and come to be
the venerable father and leader of the House, that
he will not throw it all away and trifle with the
demand that the country is making upon us to
scrutinize and cut off these excrescences and these
outrages upon the Treasury. I tell him that when
hi comes in with his $150,000,000 tax upon the
people, he will ascertain that the people have their
eyes upon this thing; and when the tax-gatherer
goes around the country—odious under the most
favorable circumstances—he will encounter this
^yiosiion, and he will be bound to meet it. A
whisky rebellion was enough once to raise an
army and to call Washington from his retirement
to put it down; and there was the miseiable,con-
temptible Shay's rebellion in my own State, which
1 happen to have read of. I beg him to take no-
tice that he cannot enforce a tax of §150,000,000
to carry on this Government unless he will show
a willingness and diligence and sincerity in his
effort to cut off and curtail and frown upon every
attempt to plunder the Treasury. I hope, there-
fore, that he will forbear pressing an amendment
here of this kind until it can be made certain to this
House that he is not in this very thing paying the
price and the reward of this unconscionable con-
tract now entered into under these circumstances.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, obtained the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
crease the appropriation ono dollar.
Mr. Chairman, I am glad that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has to-day dis-
claimed all intention of throwing any imputation
upon the Secretary of the Treasury. Certainly
his remarks on yesterday required that much from
him at least, for he then indorsed the gentleman
from Indiana, according to the Globe, as follows:
" Mr. I)awcs. I believe I have the floor. The gentle-
lnuu from Pennsylvania is disposed to answer the statement
made by the gentleman from Indiana out of some materials?
ol a report published in lefcrence to something else. He
does not propose to contiovert the statement of the gentle-
man from Indiana, that when tins contract was made, it
was made by an arrangement and contrivance bctu-ccn the
contractors and a Government official, by which a contract
was made to engrave the^e Treasury notes at such an enor-
mous price that there is this deficiency."
Now, Mr. Chairman, let us look at this matter
a moment. Whatdoes the testimony show? Does
it show that the officers of the Government had
any improper connection with any person what-
ever in relation to this contract? Not at all. It
does not do so in the slightest degree. Nor are
the contractors—the engravers—any way impli-
cated. And after the gentleman's explanation
to-day the only fact standing out is that Mr. Har-
rington was guilty of lying and of deception, ac-
cording to the testimony of Mr. Ormsby,and how
much that testimony is worth, I leave the House
to judge. There is not a single scrap of testimony
that the Government has suffered a single dollar,
or that this work was not done at a fair price.
We have had, to be sure, the evidence of a Mr.
Hopkins, who seems to have been a general ped-
dler of supplies to the Government and solicitor of
appointments, who complains that though he had
offered " to furnish ascheap or cheaper than others,
he got no kind of attention." Government would
not buy and would not appoint. Among other
things, he had a "small steel cannon." There
was a conversation between him and another man
as they " sat down upon some flagging stone, "but
it is not shown that the Secretary of the Treasury
or anybody recognized either of them. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury probably hears of them
for the first time in the report of this committee.
Now to show the character of the evidence of
this man Hopkins, I ask the attention of the House
to a certain portion of this testimony. He says
in relation to these steel cannon as follows, to Mr.
Wood:
" 41 have come now and brought with me a small steel
rifled cannon, of which there are twenty-five m one battery.'
I gave Inm a description of the gun. He replied /1 can help
you do that; I can put you in the way of doing that. What
do you want for them ?  I said,' They were built by con-
tract three or four years ago, for the Mexican Government,
for $1,173 each, but I am authorised to bell them for §300
each.' Says he,' Well,I can helpyou in that matter. Say
nothing about the piice; we can make something out of
that. If the Government wants them, they can as well afford
to pay moie a  less. I will take you down and introduce you
to Mr. Lesley, the chief clerk of the War Department.' 1
said I had as yet been unable to reach anybody m the War
Department."
I know nothing against the respectability of
Mr. Hopkins but what the committee exhibit as
his testimony. He appears to have had as much
difficulty in gaining the ear of the War Depart-
ment as that of the Treasury. I do not think in
giving him the cold shoulder either Department
have thrown any discredit upon their sagacity or
integrity. Here is a man who, by his own con-
fession, was willing to join hands with Wood and
rob the Government, provided he had the oppor-
tunity. Yet it is upon such a man's testimony
that we are asked to malign the Secretary of the
Treasury, by refusing to place more money in his
hands for a similar object.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. This Mr. Wood is a
stranger to me, and 1 would ask^the gentleman
from Vermont whether he is not now in the mili-
tary service of the country, and in charge of Fort
Warren, in Boston harbor? I am told that that
is the man. [Cries of" No !" " No!"]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will answer
the gentleman from Kentucky by reading an ex-
tractfrom the report of the committee on page 73,
as follows:
" The committee, in the discharge of their duty, made a
representation of the above tacts to the Executive; hut be-
foie any action was taken Government was relieved from
the piesence of an unworthy official by his resignation."
In the words of my worthy friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] he had been " whistled
down the wind."
The engraving of bank notes for the Govern-
ment is a matter of great delicacy, requiring the
highest excellence of the art. That is demanded
even for the small notes of petty country banks.
And in this emergency, when a more stupendous
job was to be given out than the business of all
the banks of the country ever required at one lime
in that line, it was natural that they should seek
the best and ablest company the country afforded
to perform the work confided to their charge.
And the Secretary of the Treasury employed an
agent to get this work done. Who was he? Not
a political friend of the Administration; but Mr.
Cisco, the Assistant Treasurer in New York, a
gentleman standing personally, in the mercantile
and financial world, as high in reputation as any
man in the whole United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the same
courtesy which was extended to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
No objection was made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely wanted
nn extension of my time that I might meet the
particular views of the question as presented by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawi.s.]
This gentleman, Mr. Cisco, was employed by
Secretary Chase to get these notes engraved. He
made the only two companies in the Union who
are considered competent to do the woik in the
time demanded upon the part of the Government
to bid against each other, and he obtained the best
possible terms he could—terms admitted, as the
gentleman from New York has already stated, to
be better than have ever before been conceded to
any private institution in the country.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman mistakes, if he
thinks I am desirous of reflecting either upon tiie
Secretary of the Treasury or Mr. Cisco. I be-
lieve both the Secretary of the Treasury and Mr.
Cisco are without reproach in this matter, but
other parties kept competition away so that Mr.
Cisco really believed that this was the onlyparty
that could do the work; the Secretary of the
Treasury really believed it; while in fact other
parties were striving with all the energy they had
to get the door opened so that they could compete
for the work. That is the point; not that they
were to blame, but that somebody next door to
the Treasury was.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly there
was a party striving to get this job or any other
job—steel cannon or anything else by which he
could get some money out of the Treasury; a
party who shows by his own evidence that he
was willing to connivp with Wood upon the flag-
ging stone, or v/ith any otherparty,to robtheGov-
ernment, but I do not understand that he was a
party who could, on any terms, have been wisely
or properly intrusted with work of this responsi-
ble character. And it is upon testimony like that
that an effort is made to block and stop an appro-
priation under an existing contract—a contract
unimpeached and fairly made by these parties, and
which has been executed without complaint on
the part of the Government. Ttis a legal claim
existing against the Government to that extent.
Itmay be well, perhaps, for the Department to take
warning in future Contracts by any information
elicited through this committee; but so far as this
contract is concerned, it is a contract already ex-
ecuted. The money is earned and is due, and the
recommendation to pay is made by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. COX. I desire the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to tell the House, not only that we may
vote intelligently upon the present proposition,
but upon the proposed appropriation of $100,000
which follows it, what the terms of the contract
are; whether it contemplates the engraving of these
notes authorized by the bill of the extra session;
how much is to be paid for it; and whether there
is any way by which we can cancel that obligation
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. So far as the
contract is concerned, it has not been submitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and I have
no special information of how much for each
plate was to be paid, or how much per thousand
sheets was paid for printing. I could give some
general information of the usual price paid by
banks, but I do not choose to consume the time
of the House in that way, as I do not consider
that it has much bearing upon the matter before
the House.
There is no intimation, so far as I have read the
testimony embraced in the report, to show that
this work was not done at the very lowest price.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 understand the gentle-
man from Veimont to say that there is nothing
which indicates that this work has not been done
at the very lowest price. I understand that, in
the act of the 17th of July last, there was an ap-
propriation of $200,000 made for defraying such
expenses as have been alluded to; that, on the 5th
of August, there was an appropriation of §100,000,
making §300,000; that in this bill there is to be ap-
propriated,if the Committee of Ways and Means
shall carry their point, for the year 1863, §150,000;
and for a deficiency in the current year still an-
other $100,000—making $550,000 appropriated
for the expense of issuing §500,000,000 of notes—
one and a quarter per cent, upon every dollar is-
sued; or, if there be no more issued than have
already been issued, more than three per cent,
upon the whole amount. I would like to inquire
