iao2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
when, at the late special session, it declared, with
a unanimity hardly ever paralleled, that the ob-
ject of the war was to suppress the rebellion and
restore the Union and the Constitution, and noth-
ing more. Influenced by this public and official
declaration and pledged faith of the nation, the
loyal spirit of the nation silenced the clamors of
party strife and political factions; and the people,
abnegating all past differences and distinctions of
political opinion, rushed to the rescue, shoulder
to shoulder, in response to the call of our patriotic
Chief Magistrate. Fixing their eyes and their
hearts on the old flag, they determined that no star
should ever be erased from its ample folds. The
flag as it was, the Union as it was, the Constitu-
tion as it was—this was the universal sentiment.
It has been consecrated by the blood of the noblest
men of the country, whom no other or less worthy
sentiment could have rallied to the conflict. This
simple, distinct, avowed, and only purpose of this
war has been baptized in the blood of Democrats
and Whigs and Republicans, who fell, side by
side, on every field and every deck where there
has been a conflict of arms. Have they been be-
trayed? Were they the mere dupes of an ulterior
purpose, hitherto concealed, and only now about
to be avowed? Is their memory to be revered,
not as the champions and martyrs of constitu-
tional liberty, but as the filibusters of a mere sec-
tional foray? Is it, after all, a partisan, a miser-
able sectional war?
Sir, a few weeks ago we expelled a Senator be-
cause, on the 1st of March last, he wrote a letter
to Jefferson Davis, commending to his regard a
friend who had a valuable fire-arm to sell, and
who visited the South mainly for the purpose of
selling it. This was deemed evidence of disloy-
alty sufficient to warrant his ejection from the Sen-
ate. But what do we now see? What, for in-
stance, is the proposition of the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner?] It
is by one fell swoop of his pen to blot ten or
twelve States out of the Union forever, to remit
them back to a territorial condition, and thus to
involve our muniments of right, the titles to our
estates, our franchises, and municipal privileges,
in a kind of hotchpot* begetting and superinducing
an inevitable confusion as inexplicable and dark
as original chaos.
Sir, we are told that rebels have forfeited their
rights under the Constitution, that the States in
rebellion have abdicated their authority as States,
and may be no longer recognized as mcmbeis of
the Confederacy. I shall not pause to discuss such
a monstrous proposition. It is enough to say that
the Constitution provides that " the United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union are-
publican form of Government;" and, therefoie,
the paramount and indispensable duty of Con-
gress is to preserve, not to destroy, the States; and
to do this ample powers are conferred to " sup-
press insurrection,&c.
But,sir, arc we all traitors in the South? What
is to become of the loyal inhabitants of Virginia
and Tennessee and Louisiana and Alabama and
North Carolina—loyal men and women, whose
hearts have been swelling, swelling with hopes
of deliverance from their thralhlom—whose long-
ing eyes have been turned towards us, day and
night, to catch the first glimpse of their old flag
coming back—loyal men, who have suffered con-
tumely and persecution and confiscation and im-
prisonment for their enduring, unconquerable love
of the Union? What is to become of the late
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson?] Is his
seat here, so honorably filled, and recentlyso gen-
erously resigned by him, to be thus summauly
vacated forever? Has he gone home to remain
there in virtual banishment, with his State obliter-
ated from the catalogue of the Union ? Is it for
this, that he and others have been driven into ex-
ile, enduring banishment from their families, and
the loss oi their estates? Is this the compensa-
tion ^and reward which loyal southern men are to
receive, for the ruin of lire and sword and confis-
cation which have made their homes and healths
a desolation? If so, we may well piay, "save
us from our friends." It would have been better
to have been crushed to death at oncc beneath
the iron heel of the lebelhon. We should then
have been saved from this sadder day, from this
sadder calamity of beholding the final destruction
of all our cherished hopes, not by the power of our
foes, but by the hand of our protectors and friends.
Sir, I know not what thedecision of thcSenate
will be in reference to these measures. But this
thing I think I know: the public sentiment is
against these distracting propositions at this time.
The Senate may be for them; but the people are
against them. That spirit of enlarged and gen-
erous patriotism, which, outside of this Hall, has
rebuked the selfishness of party spirit, and tri-
umphed over the influences of sectional preju-
dice, and melted and fused the hearts of the people
all into one great heart, beating and throbbing
with one great inextinguishable desire for the res-
toration of the Union as it was—that spirit of the
people will yet triumph over all opposition. It
will command obedience to its behests. It will
hurl from power all who refuse to obey it. It is
triumphing now with a glorious majesty worthy
of acausc involving the existence of constitutional
liberty in the world. It was this spirit which
planted the ensigns of the Republic on the rebel re-
doubts at Roanoke, and carried them victoriously
across the intrenchments of the traitors at Fort
Donelson. Under God, I believe it will continue
to triumph, triumph, triumph, until all treason
and sectionalism, and all disorganizing schemes,
North, South, East, West, everywhere, shall be
overcome, and the Union shall be restored, and
the Constitution, as our fathers ordained it,shall
be reestablished in all its original integrity and
supremacy, and pcacc and concord shall again
bring joy to the hearts and prosperity to the homes
of the American people.
If anything can defeat this devoutly wished
for consummation of the nation's hope, it will not
be the arms of the conspirators in rebellion; it
will be the more fatal influences of such schemes
as that propounded by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, in the resolutions to which I have re-
ferred.
Mr. President, if slavery shall suffer from the
incidental and necessary effects upon it of this
war, let it be so; 1 shall not regret it. I am no
pro-slavery man. I wish there were no slavery.
I believe that slavery is doomed. I believe the
time is coming when it will be abolished. Heaven
hasten the day when, under the regenerating and
reforming influences of Christian civilization, the
slave shall be qualified for the enjoyment of free-
dom, and when it shall be practicable and humane
to strike the fetters from the limbs of the last
bondman of our race. But let us abide the ap-
pointed time of divine Piovidcnce. Let us not,in
our eagerness to avenge the wrongs, real or imag-
inary, of the slave, repeat the folly of Samson,
and in the fienzy of an indiscreet zeal pull down
the pillars of the Constitution, and involve both
the slave and ourselves in the ruins of our coun-
try.
There is another reason why we should pause
at this time. The House of Representatives has
passed, by a large majority, the resolution sug-
gested by the President of the United States m his
late message to Congress. That resolution is as
follows:
" Resolved, #c., That the United States ought to cooper-
ate with any Srate which may adopt irradunl abolishment
of slavoty, giving such State porumaiy aid. to he used by
such State in its di-scietion to compensate for the incon-
veniences, public and private, produced by such change of
>3 stem."
For the reasons already alleged, I have regretted
thatthePresident has thoughtit was proper at this
time and under existing circumstances to make
this recommendation to Congress. But it has been
made; and if, as is very probable, it was made to
arrest those extreme, dangerous, and unconstitu-
tional measures upon which I have been animad-
verting, we ought, perhaps, to be thankful to the
President for his interposition, and to accept his
proposition, being the least objectionable that has
been presented.
The constitutional power of Congress to appro-
priate money for the purpose indicated has been
seriously questioned, and I confess that I have
supposed the power was doubtful. But I am will-
ing to be controlled by the greatei learning and
wisdom of others; and certainly, if we have ever
had an able constitutional lawyer, it was Mr. Web-
ster. I beg to read another short extract from his
speech already referred to—a speech made on
Mr. Clay's compromise resolutions on the 7th of
March, 1850:
" I have one other remark to make. In mv observations
upon slavery as it has existed in the country and as it now
exists, I have expressed no opinion of the mode of its ex-
tinguishment or molioiation. f will <ay, however, though
I have nothing to piopose on that subject, because I do not
deem myself  o competent as other gentlemen to consider
it, that if any gentleman from the South shall propose a
scheme of colonization to be carried on by this Govern-
ment upon a large scale, for the uanspoitation of free col-
oied people to any colony or place in the world. I should
be quite disposed to incur almost any degree of expense to
aecomplL-h that object. Nay, sir, following an example
set here more than twenty years ago by a gieat man, then
a Senator Irom New Yoik, I wouid return to Virginia, and
through her lor the benefit of the whole South, the money
received from the lands and territories ceded by her to this
Government for any such purpose as to relieve, in whole or
in part, or ni any way to dimmish or deal beneficially with
the free colored population of the southern Suites [ have
paid that I honor Vn&niia tor her cession ot this territoiy.
There have been received into the Treasuiy of the United
States $80,000,000, the piocccds of the sales of the public
lands ceded by Virginia. If the lesidne should be sold at the
same rate, the whole aggregate will exceed two hundied
millions of dollars. II Virginia and the South %ce fit to
adopt any proposition to leueve themselves from the free
people of color among them, they have my free consent
that the Government shall pay them any sum of money out
of us proceeds which may be adequate to the purpose/'
This matter has been referred by the Senate to
the Committee on the Judiciary. They have only
reported to-day. The sense of the Senate upon
the proposition has not yet been ascertained. If
it should be the same as that of the other House,
a new policy will be inaugurated, which, we may
hope, will measurably remove all strife on the
question of slavery from the Halls of Congress.
And why should such a policy not be inaugu-
rated? Why shall we not adopt the resolution
recommended by the President? " Such a prop-
osition," says the President in his message, " on
the part of the General Government, sets up no
claim of a right by Federal authority to interfere
with slavery within State limits, referring, as it
does, the absolute control of the subject in each
case to the State and its people immediately inter-
ested."
Thus is the exclusive right of the State over
slavery where it exists distinctly recognized,and
the question of emancipation is referred to the only
authority competent to dispose of it. Any scheme
of emancipation organized by the States will neces-
sarily be gradual, allowing time to bring to bear
upon the slave emancipated those moral and edu-
cative influences indispensable to his qualifica-
tion for the duties and responsibilities of freedom,
so that he may be judiciously and humanely col-
onized.
Now, sir, if this proposition of the President
shall be adopted, and the State of Maryland shall
avail herself of the benefit of it, then wouid all ob-
jection against the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia be removed. Why not wait and
see? At least, why not postpone action on this
bill until the proposition of the President has been
considered ?
Some Senators have expressed surprise that
loyal men in the South, who have suffered so much
from this rebellion, should resist with so much
zeal and pei tinacity the abolition of slavery, which,
it is alleged, is the cause of the rebellion, and
therefore of their sufferings. Sir, my resistance
to these measures is not on account of any attach-
ment to slavery, but from my love and veneration
for the Constitution. Moreover, we have suffered
so much from the horrors of this war, that we dep-
recate whatever may increase and prolong its mis-
eries, as the passage of these bills will assuredly
do.
Mr. President, some twelve years ago, Henry
Clay, who, take him ali in all, stands, and per-
haps will continue to stand, m history and in
merit next to the '• Father of his Country," went
home from this city to prepare for his journey to
" that undiscovered country from whose bourne
no traveler returns." But he had not been there
long until the country, alarmed at the progress of
those sectional animosities which have "at last
culminated m treason and rebellion, called him
back to the councils of the nation. I happened to
be here when he returned, and it seemed to me as
if the pillars of the Capitol were conscious of hid
presence, and stood firmer on their bases as they
heard the footsteps of the "grand old commoner"
again entering the Senate Chamber. Sir, it was
his efforts here then to save his country which
literally burst his great heart. The evils and
dangers then only in prospect are now actually
upon the country. May I not, theiefore, con-
clude my remarks by recalling the dying utter-
ances of that pure patriot, addressed to you, Sen-
