1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ators of the North? How literally are his pre-
dictions now in progress of fulfillment:
" In the first, place, s.ir, there is a vast ami Incalculable
amount of property to be sacrificed, and to be saetificed,
not by your Miami? in the common burdens, but exclusive
of you. And tills is not all. The social intercourse, habit,
safety, property, life, everything, is at hazard in a greater
or less degree m the slave States.
" Ssr, look at that storm which is now raging before you,
beating in all its rage pitilessly, on your family."
He was addressing a southern Senator in the
chair.
" They are all in the South. But where are your fam-
ilies, where are your people, Senators from the free States ?
They arc safely housed, enjoying all the blessings of domes-
tic comfort, peace, and quiet in the bosoms of their own
families."
Would to God that you could have witnessed
the destruction, the desperation, the misery, the
gtief, the woe, the sorrow, that has swept through
our hills in northwestern Virginia. You could
then realize, perhaps, to some extent, the full
import of these eloquent words:
" Behold, Mr. President, that dweliinghouse now wrapped
in flames. Listen, mi, to Die lafters and beams which lull
in succession amid the cra^h, and the flames ascending
higher and highes as they tumble down. Behold those wo-
men and children who are llymg fiom the calamitous scene,
and with their shucks and lamentations imploring the aid
of high lleaven."
What a prophetic sentence! We have witnessed
the actual fulfillment of it amidst my own native
hills.
" Whose house is that? Whose wives and children are
they? Yours in the free States? No. You aie looking
on m safety and secuiity, while the conflagration which i
have de-set ibf'd is 1 agmg in the hlave States, and pioduced,
not intentionally by yon, hut produced from the inevitable
tendency of the measures which you have adopted, and
which others have carried far beyond what you have
wished." *********
" In the one scale, then, we behold sentiment,sentiment,
sentiment, alone: in the other ptoperty, the social fabric,
life, and all that makes life desnable and happy.
Mr. President, on the death of Mr. Clay the
Whig party was dissolved. It has been gener-
ally absorbed in other party organizations. A few
of us only remain, like fragments of a wreck,
tossed to and fiu on the billows of this revolution.
Sir, the cup of life is seldom so bitter as that there
may not be found in it some pleasant ingredient,
it is some consolation to me tu-day that no prej-
udice or influences of party spirit can mingle with
the service which I owe to my country; that no
trammel orimpediment of party obligation can in-
terpose between me and my fidelity to the Con-
stitution; that I can, and that 1 will, with a devo-
tion subordinate only to that which I owe to my
Maker, support all measures and any party that
will, in my judgment, best promote the preserva-
tion of the Union, and the true glory of the nation.
If in such an hour of the country's peril as this I
should be governed by motives loss worthy and
patriotic, fought to be repudiated as a faithless
public servant, and to be abhorred as a traitor for-
ever.
Mr. MORRILL. If there is no disposition to
discuss the question further to-day, I move that the
bill be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock,
and be made the special order for that houi, to en-
able the Senator from Maryland, not now m his
scat, [Mr. Pearce,] to address the Senate, as he
has expressed a desire to do. I desire to say that
as the subject has lingered from day to day, I shall
feci it my duty, if there is no desire then to dis-
cuss the'question further, to press the matter be-
fore the Senate to a vote. I now move that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed until
to-morrow at one o'clock, and be made the special
order for that hour.
Mr. CLARK. Before that motion is put, as
it seems to be the intention of the Senator from
Maine to bring the matter to an early vote, I de-
sire to offer a substitute for the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the substitute will
be printed.
Mr. CLARK. I desire that it shall be printed.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe.)
The first question is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill will go over as
unfinished business if we now go into executive
session, without a formal postponement.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. Latham's motion was agreed to; and after
some time spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 20, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD COMPANY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the House,
copies of correspondence between the War De-
partment and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
TRANSPORTATION TO PACIFIC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House, the cost of the transportation between the
Mississippi river and the Pacific coast during the
last five years; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
CENSORSHIP OF TIIE PRESS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, submitted a report in the matter of the
telegraphic censorship of the press; which was
ordered to be printed, and its further considera-
tion postponed until the first Monday in April
next.
CONFISCATION.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back all the pe-
titions, memorials, resolutions, and bills referred
to them on the subject of confiscation, with the
recommendation that they do not pass.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit, from the same
committee, a minority report on the same subject,
and move an amendment to bill No. 107, one ot the
bills which has been reported—an amendment in
the nature of a substitute. I presume the question
now recurs on the third reading and engrossment
of that bill; as it has been read twice, my amend-
ment is now m order.
The SPEAKER. The difficulty is, that half a
dozen bills and resolutions have been reported at
once. The gentleman's substitute will be received,
and also the report of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on tile Judiciary, if there be no objection.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 present a minority report,
and also move a substitute for all of the proposi-
tions reported on the subject of confiscation. It
will be remembered that all of the bills and reso-
lutions which I have reported, with the recom-
mendation that they do not pass, are substanti-
ally to accomplish a like purpose.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to report
upon so many bills and resolutions, so as to have
them all at the same time before the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. House bill No. 107, to for-
feit the property and slaves of persons who shall
engage in or aid and abet armed rebellion against
the United States, is now before the House, and
the question is on its third reading and engross-
ment. For that bill I have moved a substitute,
which I understand has been received, and is now
pending before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Committee on the Judiciary ask to be dis-
charged fiom the fui ther consideration of the sub-
ject.
Mr. HICKMAN. No, sir. I have reported
the bills and resolution? with the recommenda-
tion that they do not pass. The object the com-
mittee had in view was to allow members of the
committee to submit minority reports. As a mi-
nority leport, I now introduce a joint resolution
in relation to the powers of the President of the
United States.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is my substitute before the
House?
The SPEAKER. It was received by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I call for the regular order
of business of the morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS. X trust that the rules will be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on thestate oftheUnion
on the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. The subject of confiscation
is before the House by unanimous consent.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has reported back va-
rious bills and resolutions-, with the recommend-
ation that they do not pass. I make the point of
order that he cannot submit any amendment to
any particular bill and take it up for considera-
tion.
The SPEAKER. After the report has been
received it is open for consideration.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Has the report been re-
ceived?
The SPEAKER. No objection was made to
its reception.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
On a division, there were—ayes 30, noes 40.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Pendleton were appointed.
Mr. STEVENS. If the only object is to get
the question of confiscation before the House, I
withdraw my motion to go into committee.
The SPEAKER. The question is before the
House by unanimous consent, and the bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hickman,] as well as the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, is now pending. They are
now under consideration.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the whole
subject be laid upon the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed to a day
certain.
Mr. BINGHAM. If we go into committee
how will the question stand ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up in its regu-
lar order.
TAX DILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve nselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill of the House (No. 312)
to provide internal revenue to support theGovem-
ment and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose yesterday, they were engaged in the
consideration of the forty-first section, as fol-
lows:
Skc. 41. -And be it further enacted, That every person
who, on the 1st day of May next, shall he the ownei of any
still or still*, or othei implements used in lieu of stills, for
the purpose of di-stillmg spnituous liquor*?, or who shall
have Mich still or stills, or implements, as aforesaid, under
hi-: supeuntendence, either as agent or on his own account,
shall, on oi before said day, and eveiy person who, after
&aid day, shall u*e or intend to use any such stiJl or stills,
or implement^, as aloresaid, either as owner, agent, or oth-
erwise,shall,btfoie he shall begin to use such still or stills,
or othei implements in lieu theieof, for the purpose of dis-
tilling spirituous liquors, apply for. in writing, and obtain
fiom the collector appointed under this act for the collec-
tion district in winch .such person resides, or to the deputy
of such collector duly authorized, a license for using sueh
still or stills, or other implements, as aforesaid; and each
such license hereafter to be granted shall remain m foice
until the 1st day of Januaiy next after the date theieof, and
no lon^or; Inch licenses shall respectively be granted upon
the p.ivment, by sueh owner or agent, as aforesaid, of the
sum of AlOO: Provided, That licenses applied for which
terminate under the provisions of this net in ie^s time than
six months may be granted as afoiesaid, upon the payment
of the sum of fifty dollars.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the attention of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
for a moment. In looking over the bill I find that
in section twenty-six, which has been passed
over, power of distraint is given over a default-
ing collector, but that power is confined to goods
and chattels. Ought not real estate to be included ?
I think that such an amendment might be made
by unanimous consent.
The amendment which I spoke of yesterday I
have now prepared, and submit for the consider-
ation of the committee. The bill, as it now stands,
provides that no matter what the capacity the
