1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that they are men of our own race, of our own
blood, and as brave as we are. I know something
about them. I have seen their operations from
the beginning.
Sir, when I tell the Senate these things, I do it
for the mere purpose of inspiring the Senate and
the country, if possible, to renewed zeal, if they
are determined to crush this rebellion. Let them
unite. Let the Republican party of this body cease
all clamors in regard to emancipation. When I
say the Republican party, I mean certain mem-
bers of it. I do not include the whole of that party
in the remark; I do not wish to speak disrespect-
fully even of those who dream that emancipation
can be accomplished. 1 think they are actuated
by the most patriotic motives. I believe that they
sincerely look forward to it as the accomplishment
of the great end designed, and that is the sup-
pression of the rebellion. 1 differ materially with
them.
We have had much said here in this discussion
about border State men. We differ with a great
many members here. We do not differ in the great
end to be attained; we do not differ as to the sup-
pression of this rebellion, because if any men m
the United States have suffered from it, it is the
men in the border States. There has not been a
proper feeling existing between Senators on this
floor since I have been here. Let me tell you, sir,
that unless we understand each other better, this
rebellion never will be suppressed. If we wish to
save ourselves from the disgrace of financial ruin,
to save ourselves from the inevitable ruin that looks
us in the face in the future, we must understand
each other better, and we must go to tiie battle-
field with a little more zeal and a little more de-
termination to crush out this rebellion, and with
a little more kindness for each other, or we shall
never accomplish our great purpose.
Ever and anon it is said here that border State
men are not as loyal as. they ought to be; that is,
they have so much interest in the subject of sla-
very, they are so fearful of their constituents, that
they cannot take hold of this rebellion as they
ought. Sir, suffer me to make one remark in this
Senate on that point. Gentlemen in the border
States had to act a little differently from gentle-
men in the non-slaveholding States. I admit that
proposition. Are we less loyal * I have heard it
frequently said that Kentuckians were notas loyal
as they might be. Why? Because of the old neu-
trality doctrine that Kentucky adopted. Suppose
that Kentucky,Missouri,and Mary landhad joined
hands with this rebellion at an early day, and
passed ordinances of secession—and those ordi-
nances of secession, let mc tell you, would have
induced the people to render their allegiance to se-
cession in the course of a short time, as in other
States—I ask you what would have been the suc-
cess of our arms? It. is true Missouri put into the
rebel army from ten thousand to twenty thousand
men; but yet we have put in the Federal Army
forty thousand men, ana we are ready to put the
twelve thousand that may be apportioned to us
under the recent call into the field, and if that be
not sufficient, we are ready to put twelve thousand
in addition thereto. We ate ready to give the men,
we are ready to give the means, we are ready to
do everything that may be necessary to crush this
rebellion and to restore the Union again as our
fathers made it.
It has been said that the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] belongs to the old neutrality order. I
did not take that position in Missouri; but a great
many of the very best Union men in the State
took it, not as a matter of principle, but as a mat-
ter of policy. In all probability, the neutrality
doctrine adopted by the Union men of Kentucky
saved the State at the time; and let me say, that
had it not been for such men as Garrett Davis
and John J. Crittendf.n, in all probability Ken-
tucky would have been stained by an ordinance
of secession, and many of the troops who are now
in the Federal service would have been in the ser-
vice of the rebel States; and. so it would have been
in the other border States.
Now, sir, one word in reference to the action
and the policy which are being pursued here. Gen-
tlemen who differ with me in regard to the various
measures that are proposed here, in regard to the
propriety and policy of mustering negroes into the
service of the United States, and of adopting uni-
versal confiscation or emancipation, ought to rec-
ollect that until you have opened the way into the
heart of this rebellion, until you have broken the
serried ranks of the enemy who stand on the out-
skirts of their republic in a strength and power
that almost defies ti\e penetration of the Federal
arms, it is idle, useless to talk about emancipation
or confiscation or anything of the sort. Those
measures may well be adjourned until next De-
cember, for, in my opinion, those serried ranks
will not be broken between now and then. But,
sir, it must be done. It is yourduty, itis the duty
of the Senate, it is my duty, it is the duty of the
whole country to break those ranks, and they will
be broken in the end if the country does its duty.
While I differ with gentlemen on those subjects,
I am not inclined, as some of our border State
friends seem to be, to declare them abolitionists
whenever they disagree with me on those subjects.
I have never been so inclined. They have the same
right to denounce me as a rebel on this floor be-
cause I disagree with them, as I have to denounce
them as abolitionists for disagreeing with me.
There is one thing that we in the border States
ought to understand, and I appreciate it fully, and
the Union men of Missouri appreciate it; and it is
this: that but for the kind assistance of the west-
ern States, thousands of whose soldiers we have
been denouncing as abolitionists, we should have
been driven frbm the soil of Missouri, our prop-
erty confiscated, and ourselves exiles from our
homes. We ougiit to remember, also, that the Re-
publican party of this and the other House'are as
anxious as we can possibly be to put down this
rebellion, a-nd they may in all sincerity of purpose
believe that the true and proper plan to do it is to
seize upon everything that comes in their way, in
order to its early suppression. They may con-
sistently and honestly believe it is the proper plan
to seize upon the negroes of the South, and to use
them, if you please, as soldiers in order to sup-
press this rebellion. I should exceedingly regret
to see any action ofthatsortadopted. Loyal men
in the slaveholding States, however, have no right
to turn around and talk aboutabolition. Sir, what
has rebellion done in my State? It has taken fifty
per cent, of the slave population out of the State.
No doubt it has done the same thing in other
States, and it will inevitably drive slavery from
the border States in the future.
But we look upon this thing not as a matter of
principle, but as a matter of policy. You may
muster as many of these black soldiers as you
please; but I tell you gentlemen from the northern
States, when you muster them in—I mean the cot-
tonplantation negroes ofthe southern States—you
must send two or three regiments of Yankees to
stand behind them, and then there will be great
danger of those regiments being run over by them
when the firing commences. They will not make
soldiers. You cannot make soldiers out of them.
I think the officers of the Army ought to seize
them, and put them to that sort of work to which
our soldiers ought not to be put. They ought to
be used. The Union soldiers of Missouri have
done it. The troops organized under the State
government in Missouii ha\e done it. I do not
object to that; butletit be left to themilitary com-
manders in the field. What is policy in Kentucky
is not policy in South Carolina. What is policy
in Missouri is not policy in Alabama. Leave it to
thegenerals, discreet and prudentmen, to manage
this thing.
But, sir, I have wandered from the subject. In
regard to the resolution before the Senate, I desire
to say that I intend to vote for it. We can do no
good by dodging the question. The issue will
be ruade in the country, as was said by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania". The introduction of the
resolution, followed by the able, but I must say,
in my opinion, very unwise speech of the Senator
from Michigan, must make the issue in the coun-
try, and we cannot avoid it. I, for one, desire
not to avoid it. If General McClellan is loyal,
as I believe him to be, he should remain at the
head of our forces. If he is incompetent 
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, 1 wish to
correct a statement which was made by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, and also by the Senator from
Missouri, that 1 had charged General McClellan
with disloyalty. I charged him with no such
thing. I said that I considered the division of the
Army, and the sending of half of it to the penin-
sula, as a great blunder—a military blunder. I
said the army had not made a movement which
Jefferson Davis would not have ordered, but I
CQnsidered it simply a'great military blunder. I
made no charge of disloyalty whatever.
Mr. HENDERSON. I:am realljs-glad.tp hear
that statement from the Senator from Michigan,
I understood the Senator from Michigan to say
that if Jeff Davis had been at the head of our
Army he would have made every move that. Gen-
eral McClellan has made within the last four
'months.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said I considered them
very great military blunders. <,
Mr. HENDERSON. No man with themilitary
science of General McClellan, unless his heart be
corrupt, would ever have blundered accidentally
upon all the scientific movements that Jefferson
Davis would have made. But for the explanation
of the Senator this morning, that remark would
have gone to the country signifying to the coun-
try that we had silently sat here and heard it stated
that the man who was conducting our armies in
the field was designing, by every movement he
could make, to put our armies in the hands of Jef-
ferson Davis. I am glad the explanation has been
made. Let it go to the country, and let it be un-
derstood, that no man in this Senate is suspect-
ing the loyalty of George B. McClellan. Sir, it
implicates the President of the United States; it
implicates this body; it implicates the advisers of
the President; it implicates us all. Let us put away
these things from us; let us have a better state of
feeling among Senators; let us understand each
other; and let us put our hearts and our hands to-
gether for the suppression of this rebellion. When
measures shall pass this body to which we can-
not give our hearty concurrence, let us at least be
charitable to those who disagree with us.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ate is ready to vote on this subject, I will not in-
terfere; but if not, I must move to take up the bill
we had under consideration yesterday.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If it is in order, I move
to amend the resolution by adding the following:
And that at the date ofthe departure of General McClel-
lan fur the peninsula, how many troops were under com-
mand of General Fiemonr in Western Virginia; under Gen-
eral Banks in the valley of Virginia, and what number vveie
in fiontof Washington or between it and the Rappahan-
nock, and within the intienchmenta of Washington and
in and around Washington, and what number of effective
troops were actually m service under General McClellan
in his engagements on the peninsula and befoie Richmond.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will pardon
me, all the information that lie asks for is included
in the original inquiry. I do not object to that
amendment, however. I will accept it if the Sen-
ator desires it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well; iftheSenator
accepts it, I am perfectly willing. I will state my
reason for offering it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is all included.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to have it there if
the Senator will accept it, and I will state my rea-
son for offering the amendment. If there is to be
an investigation, I want full justice to be done. I
am one of those who believe the President acted
wisely when he accepted the advice of General
Scott, and appointed General McClellan com-
mander-in-chief of the forces. I have seen noth-
ing in that general since to weaken the confidence
I had in the beginning, and I do not regard his
defeat before Richmond as arising from any fault
of his generalship.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Does the Chair tyiderstand the Sen- a
ator from Michigan to accept the proposed amend-
ment as a part of the original resolution?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; I have no ob-
jection to it.
] The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it will be
' considered as added to the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regard it as a little sin-
gular that Senators who rise and deprecate the
introduction of this resolution, and deprecate any
division of opinion in the country in regard to our
commanders, seek to lay it down as an undisputed
question that General McClellan has done exactly
right. The Senator from Indiana, in his speech,
says General McClellan has been assailed but he
does not stop to defend himself. He does not enter
\ the newspapers, nor do his friends for him. The
| Senator from Missouri says he has unbounded
confidence in General McClellan. The Senator
from Delaware thinks that General McClellan has
done exactly right. Now, sir, without expressing
any opinion whether General McClellan has done
