1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rying the mails; reported back from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass, the question
being on the motion to lay the bill on the table,
on which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anemia, Babbitt, Baily, Biddle,
Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Casey, Clements, Colfax, Roscoe Conkling,
Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Diven,
Dunlap, Dunn, Ely, English, Prunchot, Granger, Gndcr,
Haight, Hale, Hall, Hanchett, Harding, Harrison, Holman,
Horton, Johnson, Keiley, William Kellogsr, Kerrigan, Kii-
linger, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman, McKntght, McPher-
son, Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Nixon, Noell, Nugen,
Odell, Patton, Pendleton, Perry, John S. Phelps, Timothy
G. Phelps, Porter, Price, Richardson, Robinson, Sargent,
Shicl, Smith,William G. Steele, Strauon, Francis Thomas,
Trowbridge, Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Vibbard, Voorheex,
Wadsworth, Wall, Ward. Webster, Whaley, Albert S.
White, Clulton A. White, Wickhfife, Woodruff, and Wor-
cester—82.
NAYS—-Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Beaman, Bingham, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Chambeilin, Fiederick A.
Conkling, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edgciton,
Edwards, Eliot, Penton, Pe^sendon, Frank, Gooch, Good-
win, Hooper, Hutchins, Julian, Lansing, Loomis, Pike,
Pomcroy, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, Riddle, Edward II.
Rollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sloan, Spaulding, Benjamin
F. Thomas Tram, Van Horn, Wallace, Charles W. Wal-
ton, E. F. Walton, Wilson, and Windom—45.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the Vote,
Mr. RICHARDSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Knapp, was confined to his room by severe
indisposition.
Mr. FISHER (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
Mr. FISHER stated that he was unavoidably
absent, and that if present he would have voted
in favor of laying the bill on the table.
Mr. MORRIS stated that he was paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Siiellabargeu, other-
wise he would have voted " ay."
Mr. McPIiERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Mooriiead, was at home on important busi-
ness.
Mr. CAMPBELL (not being within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
The SPEAKER. There is a standing objec-
tion.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MOVEMENTS OF THE ARMY.
Mr. COLFAX. Before proceeding with the
reports I am instructed to make from the Post
Office Committee, 1 will state that I hold in my
hand a dispatch to the associated press from the
army of the Potomac, which I think the House
would like to hear.
There being no objection, the dispatch was
read, as follows:
' Tunstall's Station, May 20, (midnight.)
The enemy's pickets weie driven across Bottom Bridge
yesterday by the troops advancing in that direction. The
rebels attempted to regain the post by the use of their artil-
lery, but failed. Our batteries opened, shelling the woods
on each side of the bnrige.
The advance, under General Stoneman, reached New
Bridge yesterday, within eight miles of Richmond. They
found no enemy in force on this side of the Chickahominy,
which at that point dwindles down to a small creek. The
country in that locality is in a good state of cultivation, with
no more swamp than is> to be found on oniiiuny bottom laud.
Six pioees of ai tillery were found posted upon the opposite
bank; but his purpose not being to bung on an engagement,
he rctuedone mile fiom the bridge, and encamped."Dunng
the day, wlnlo driving the enemy's outposts, he had one
killed and three wounded.
The whole army moved this morning, eaily,with the view
of making a lengthy march. What loads they took it is not
necessary to state ; but the headquarters of Geneml McClel-
lan to-night are within a short distance of Richmond, in
front of which city is supposed to be encamped the main
body of the rebel army. If they intend to give the Union
aimy battle—which is almost universally acknowledged to
be the case—the hour is drawing near at hand when they
will have an opportunity.
PUBLIC LANDS BUSINESS.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will allow me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment.
Mr. COLFAX. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Yesterday, when the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was called, I was tcmpo-
ranly absent from the Hall. I came in almost
immediately. I have a report to make from the
Committee on Public Lands which will take but
a short time to dispose of. know desire to ask
the permission of the House, when the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads have com-
pleted their reports, that I may be allowed to take
my place as I should have done yesterday if I had
been present when the Committee on Public Lands
wascallcd.
No objection being made, permission was
granted.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, announcing that he had approved and
signed bills of the following-titles:
An act (H. R. No. 125) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain;
An act (H. R. No. 338) making appropriations
to reimburse the contingent fund of the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury, including compen-
sation for additional clerks who may be employed
according to the exigencies of the public service,
and for temporary clerks for the current fiscal
year and for the year ending June 30, 1863, and
to provide for the employment of additional clerks
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis;
and
An act (H. R. No. 466) supplementary to an act
approved on the 13th of July, 1861, entitled "An
act to provide for the collection of duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes."
TRANSPORTATION OF THE MAILS.
Mr. COLFAX. I am instructed to report back
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads House bill No. 433, to secure the speedy
transportation of the mails. This bill was, on
the 28th of April last, ordered to be printed and
referred to the Post Office Committee. I am in-
structed to report it back, with the recommenda-
tion that it pass.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The bill provides:
That all companies, corporations,or persons, havingand
employing locomotives or cars for the transportation of
merchandise or passengers (or hire, upon or along any post
road or postal loute in the United States, shall be, and are
hereby, lequired, upon demand by the Post Office Depart-
ment, to receive and transpoit the mails of tiie United
States, and postal agents in charge thereof, upon such car
or carnage, and to deliver such mails according to their
destination along the line of such road or loute, lor a com-
pensation and upon contract terms to be agieed upon in
writing by the Po.-amastci Gencial and such carrier ; and m
ca^e of their f.uline to agree thereupon, the same shall be
fixed and detemuned by the Court of Claims at Washing-
ton, whose certificate shall bind both parties as a contiact:
Provided, That ?ueh failure to agree, or delay in final de-
teimination, shall not pievent the use theieof for such
transportation of the mails; but the same may be taken and
used therefor, under direction of the Postiuastei Geneial,
for which compensation shall be made as hereinbefore pro-
vided ; and any person or coiporation, by agent or other-
wise, in any manner obstructing such use shall, m addition
to the penalties now piovided by law, if a person, be held
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall
for each ofiense be punished by fine not exceeding.$5,000,
oi by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or by both,
such fine and impiisonment at the discretion of the court;
and, if a corpotalion, shall be fined for each offense m a
sum not exceeding $5,000, or shall torfeit to the United
States the u^e of such conveyance or conveyances for a
time not exceeding one year.
Mr. COLFAX. This bill having been printed
for nearly a month, most of the members of the
House, I suppose, are familiar with its provisions.
I will, however, explain it, and the necessity that
exists for its passage.
By the existing law, all contracts for mail trans-
portation are to be given to the lowest bidder. In all
cases, except in respect to the railroads, there is
competition for these mail contracts. But the ser-
vice on horse routes and stage-coach routes has
been more and more superseded by the building
of new railroads; and the cost of thus carrying
the mails has been increasing with each succeed-
ing year. As the railroads are completed, they
monopolize the mail transportation, having no
rivals so far as speed is concerned. A large por-
tion of them refuse toenterinto any contract with
the Department for carrying the mails. They de-
mand whatever they see fit to charge. And if the
Department declines to submit to their exactions,
they have the privilege, and often exercise it, of
throwing the mails out, and the Department has
no means of compelling them to carry them at any
price. The associated railroads of the country
have, in fact, the power of controlling the whole
postal service of the country, and the Postmaster
General is at their mercy, if they see fit to exer-
cise that power.
Repeated efforts have been made in the past by
Postmasters General to correct these evils, with-
out success. This bill, now reported back from
the Post Office Committee, emanated originally
from the Post Office Department. It was sub-
mitted to us by the First Assistant* Postmaster
General on the 7th of January last. I will read an
extract from his letter:
" I transmit, by direction of the Postmaster General, the
draft of a law to enable this Department to secure the
transportation of the mails by railroads, at reasonable rates,
instead of being left at the mercy of these corporations, as
now. Every day's experience shows its necessity to be of
the most urgent character.
"JOHN A. KASSON,
tl First Assistant Postmaster General.
" Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads."
The committee has also received a communica-
tion from the Second Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral in regard to the refusal of the railroads to
enter into any contract with the Department to
carry the mails. I read from his letter:
Post Office Department, Contract Office,
January 11, 1862.
Sir: The rates paid for the transportation of the malls
on railroad mail routes of the first class are, all sums over
$•100 per mile per annum—ranging, generally, fiom $125 to
§150, $175, .5200, $225, $300, and $375 per mile perannumj
lor the second class, all sums over $50 and not exceeding
$100 per mile per annum ; for the third, all sums not ex-
ceeding $50 per mile per annum. * * * *
The number of railroad routes on which mails are con-
veyed is twohundred and ninety-seven ; the number under
contracts, one hundred and twenty-seven.
With regard to the compensation asked by railroad com
panics for mail service, it maysufiice to remark that, with
but very rare exceptions, wheneyer negotiations on the
subject are begun, the demands submitted largely exceed
the rates which the Department feels authorized bylaw to
allow, although these are, in most instances, much above
the priccs paid for the coach and horse service, which the
railroads supersede. To claim for roads of an inferior grade
as mail routes, in view of the comparative unimportance
of the post offices to be supplied with mails, the compen-
sation due to route* of a higher grade, Is so generally the
case, that the Department forbears to note particular in-
stances, to avoid liability to the imputation of invidious-
ness.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE W. McLELLAN,
* Second Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. S. Colfax, Chairman of the Committee on, the Post
Office and Post Roads, House of Representatives.
This shows that no less than one hundred and
seventy railroads now receiving pay for mail
transportation from the Post Office treasury have
refused to enter into contract with the Depart-
ment to carry the mails, and only carry them
according to their whim or caprice.
This reform requiring the railroads to enter into
contract with the Department has been recom-
mended by several Postmasters General. I will
read from an elaborate argument,upon the subject
by Postmaster General Holt, who succeeded Post-
master General Brown, at the head of the Post
Office Department during the last Administration.
On page 17 of his report he says:
" While it is admitted that the establishment of railroads
in the United States has added vastly to the celerity of the
mails, and to the facility with which those of great weight
and bulk are transported, it is equally true thatlntheirtrain
of blessings have come evils, which have continued to grow
with the expansion of the system, unul they have atlength
icached a magnitude which demands that an earnest en-
deavor should be made for their conection. The mails were
convoyed during the last year on twenty-six thousandand
ten miles of railroad, at a cost varying fiom $50 to $375 per
mile lor transportation alone—the aggregate expenditure for
this class of service being $3,243,974. To this are super-
added the salaries of express and route agents, and messen-
ger, amounting to $626,174 per annum. Accompanied and
deliveied as the mails are by the agents of the Department,
the service performed by the road is little beyond that which
it perforins lor the shipper of a barrel of flour or a sack of
grain. Why, then, is a compensation exacted for this ser-
vice which is so exorbitant as compared with what would
be demanded of a piivate citizen for the conveyance of a
similar amount of freight? In Canada the compensation
paid to the railroads for the conveyance of the mail is thirty
dollars per mile for day, and forty dollars per mile for night
seivice, and seventy dollars when the two «service  arc com-
bined. For this a separate car is furnished, which is fitted
up as a tiavelitig post office, and serves tor sorting and dis-
tributing the mails by the way. If the mails are sent as or-
dinary freight, under the guard of either an agent of the com-
pany or of the post office, the charge is but two cents per
mile when the weight does not exceed two hundred pounds,
and for any additional weight payment is made in the same
proportion. No iea<on is perccived why, except upon our
gic.tt trunk routes, a higher rate of compensation should be
submitted to by our Government than is paid by that of Can-
ada. Even on this latter class of roads the present rates arc
