1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
of the gentlemen if that is the most economical
way in which this printing can be done ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Perhaps the
gentleman from Ohio has never bought that kind
of paper which is used for bank purposes. If he
had, he found first that there is some difficulty in
finding it; some difficulty in making it; and some
difficulty in raising a sufficient amount of money
to pay for any great amount of it, even while it
is blank paper. The gentleman will see that he
is greatly in error in computing his percentage,
however, and there are other charges to be paid
besides mere engraving. I do not, however, pro-
pose to go into that branch of the discussion. So
far as this matter is concerned, that portion of the
evidence which was read by the gentleman from
Massacfiusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and given on the
part of one Ormsby, shows that he came here, as
you will remember, for the purpose of maligning
these men in order to get this job. He was care-
ful, he says, to bring with him those other papers,
showing that these engravers had been arrested in
New York as traitors.
Now what is this testimony of the gentleman
' from New York [Mr. Fenton] in reference to
evidence which was taken before him in the absence
■of some or all of the other members of the com-
mittee? He ascertained that these men, the mo-
ment the confederates fired upon our flag at Fort
Sumter, not only cut themselves loose from the
business of the confederate States—in fact they
never had any business with the confederate
Stales—but cut themselves off from their entire
business with the whole South, at an immense
sacrifice to themselves.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to inquire of my friend
from New York [Mr. Fenton] whether this Mr.
Ormsby was not about to be arrested for work-
ing for this same southern confederacy?
Mr. FENTON. I understand that at the time
of the attack upon our flag at Fort Sumter, on the
12th of April last, Mr. Ormsby was engaged in
engraving notes for some banking institution or
company in South Carolina; that he was visited
by the police in New York city, and was com-
pelled, or thought proper from some reason, to
abandon that work and throw up his contract with
those parties in South Carolina. I state this upon
information, as I did in part in reference to the
American Bank Note Company. It is not in evi-
dence before the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Did not the gentleman get that
information from the man who was himself taken
up?
Mr. FENTON. I did not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is certainly
important upon the part of the Government that
they should have men who can do their work rap-
idly, who can do it well, who are men of integ-
rity, and in whose honesty the most implicit con-
fidence can be placed, in order that there may be
no fraud, that the precise number of sheets shall
be printed, and no more. Now, 1 believe the men
who have been employed are men of that char-
acter, and therefore they should be honestly paid
the amount which is their due. Certainly, if gen-
tlemen concede that they mean no reproach upon
the Secretary of the Treasury in the past, they
ought not to vote so as to refuse all confidence m
him, for the future, in the disbursements of funds
properly intrusted to his care. 1 trust therefore
tha House will vote for the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It appears to me that the
committee is drifting from the proposition undor
consideration. As I understand it, the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] whoismy colleague
on the special committee for the investigation of
contracts for supplies for the Government, moved
to strike out an appropriation which was inserted
in the bill now being considered by the commit-
tee, for paying a certain amount which is claimed
to be due for engraving Treasury notes. I under-
stand that I state the proposition fairly. The rea-
son given for the motion by my colleague was,
that it appeared in the testimony taken before the
special committee, of which we were both mem-
bers, that the transaction appeared, so far as the
party interested was concerned, to be tainted with
such suspicion as to its fairness as to make it
proper that the amount should be stricken out; and
upon that ground he proposed to strike out the
appropriation. But an effort has been made, very
adroitly and ingeniously, to turn this matter upon
the Secretary of the Treasury, m order to carry
this appropriation through on the strength of his
good name. Now,sir, I can say for myself—as I
believe I can say for every member of the com-
mittee—that no man on that committee, of any
party, had any idea of connecting the name of the
Secretary of the Treasury with the transaction in
the remotest degree. For one, sir, I am the last
man that would do it. For the Secretary of the
Treasury I have the highest and most profound
respect. I have respect for his intelligence, his
integrity,and his masterly executive ability; and,
in my judgment, no man has ever conducted the
affairs of that Department, since the foundation
of the Government, with greater ability, not ex-
cepting even Alexander Hamilton. Coming into
that Department as Mr. Chase did, with a bank-
rupt Treasury, it could be said of him as was said,
I believe, by Mr. Webster in regard to Hamilton,
that " he touched the dead corpse of public credit
and it sprang upon its feet." So much, sir, in re-
gard to the Secretary of the Treasury. I would
be the first man in this House to indignantly repel
any imputation upon his character or upon his in-
tegrity ; and I protest against the wanton assump-
tion that there is such imputation.
But, sir, the committee m their examination did
show certain facts, if the testimony of the witness
is to be believed. The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] calls in question the truth of this
testimony before this House, which may perhaps
in this respect be considered a jury, as he has a
right to do. The testimony of this witness, Hop-
kins—and every man must judge of it as he sees
fit—is in regard to a transaction in which the bene-
ficiaries of this bill are concerned. He came to
Washington representing another and rival bank
note company to the company which got the
contract, and desired to get this job; and the one
great point which the committee intended to make
m their report—and I wish to call the attention of
the committee to it—was the connection with this
transaction of an official of the Government; not
Mr. Chase, but a Mr. Wood, the Commissioner
of Public Buildings. This man Wood, upon his
own avowal, obtained the office of Commissioner,
not for the legitimate proceeds of the office, but
that he might become a contract broker; that he
might use his official position in order to enable
him, through contractors and jobbers, to wring
money out of our depleted Treasury. The wit-
ness testified to the connection of Mr. Wood with
him; that Mr. Wood proposed various specula-
tions; and he told Hopkins that, occupying the
position he did, and by virtue of that position, he
had m one transaction made, I think, three dollars
a piece upon certain guns.
Mr. RIDDLE. Do I understand the gentleman
from Illinois to say that the statements of Mr.
Wood are to be taken as implicating any branch
of the Government, or arc they to be taken merely
as against Mr. Wood personally ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. They are to bo taken
merely as against Mr. Wood personally; and after
the testimony was submitted to the President of
the United States, Mr. Wood very suddenly re-
signed a position which he had disgraced , and to
which he never should have been appointed, in
my judgment.
Well, sir, this witness, Hopkins, was here as
the representative of Ormsby, the agent of a rival
company. Of Ormsby I know nothing, and care
nothing. He may have been arrested or he may
not have been. Other parties, as it may appear
by testimony which may yet be brought betore
this House by another committee, who have re-
ceived immense sums from this Government, were
at the time under contracts with the confederate
government for engraving their notes and bonds.
Mr. Hopkins, who represented Ormsby,says that
he endeavored to get in his proposals to do this
work, and I presume every person has a right to put
in proposals where proposals are called forunder
the law; he has a right to propose the terms upon
which he will do the work which is to be con-
tracted for; but the point which the gentleman
from Indiana made, and upon which he based his
amendment, is, that these parties, the American
Bank Note Company, represented by Wood, con-
trived to cut off competition by another company,
by depriving such company of the privilege of
bidding for this work. If that be the case; if this
American Bank Note Company was guilty of any
conduct that would amount to a fraud on the Gov-
ernment, in the way of preventing fair competition,
no gentleman here will say that they should be
allowed to enjoy the ad van tage-resul ting from their
fraudulent action. I do not say that such is the
fact; butlsay that that is the ground upon which
my colleague based his amendment. Is {here any-
thing wrong in this? Is there any gentleman here
who will say that, when a man has been contriv-
ing and conspiring to prevent a fair contract from
being given out, and has thus succeeded in getting
the contract himself, he shall have the benefit of
it, to the detriment of the Government?
[Here the hammer fell.] j*,
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope I shall per-
mitted to go on.
Mr. STEVENS. I mustobject to any one going
on beyond the five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE- I submit that it was the
understanding, when the gentleman fromVermont
[Mr. Morrill] was allowed to go on, that the
same privilege would be extended to me.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, that was a set-off
to the privilege extended to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recognize
any understanding unless it is general.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object, or this debate
will never terminate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw my
amendment. -
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the amendment,
for the purpose of saying a word or two upon this
question. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has moved an amendment to
the bill, to wit: to supply a deficiency of f150,000,
which is estimated for by the Secretary of the
Treasury. Gentlemen here urge that the amend-
ment shall be rejected, and at the same time tell
the House and the country that they do not mean
to cast any imputation upon the Secretary of the
Treasury. Mr. Chairman, if the Secretary of the
Treasury is the competent and careful officer that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washborne]
alleges, one would suppose that he would hardly
estimate for this deficiency and ask the appropria-
tion of this House if, in point of fact, the whole
transaction be a fraud. The proposition made by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and
supported by gentlemen in this debate, is to re-
pudiate a debt contracted by the finance officers of
the Government. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has said very eloquently
that it becomes the Representatives of the people to
guard well the Treasury when they impose upon
the people taxation to the amount of hundreds of
millions. I agree with him; but the people do not
demand at the hands of that gentleman, or of me,
that we shall repudiate an honest debt, and that
upon the hearsay of a man who, as the gentleman
from Illinois intimates, and I think intimates truly,
is clothed with fraud as a garment. A man named
Wood, it seems, told Mr. Hopkins something,
which amounts to nothing, touching this contract
for engraving. The committee have made a re-
port, which has been submitted to the members
of the House. Have they intimated in that report
that there was any fraud in this contract for en-
graving? Not a word of it. Have they intimated
that they know with whom the contrast was made?
Not at all. They have given the hearsay state-
ments of Wood and Ormsby, made to this man
Hopkins, that could be received in no tribunal on
earth, where justice is administered or regarded,
for the purpose of determining any fact against
anybody. _ .
Mr. DAWES. 1 know my friend from Ohio
does not moan to do the committee injustice. I
read to the House the positive testimony of a man
as to a fact which he knew of his own knowledge.
Mr. BINGHAM. What man?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Hopkins.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir, I understand what
the gentleman read.
Mr. DAWES. I had nothing to do with Wood.
Mr. BINGHAM. Did he read that Hopkins
knew with whom the contract was made? Not
at all. I repeat my assertion, that the special com-
mittee have not stated, nor deemed it their duty to
state, in this report with whom this contract for
engraving was made. They seem to be totally
ignorant of the fact themselves, and if ignorant of
that, how can any member of that committee ask
the House to repudiate a contract without know-
ing the parties with whom it was made, or its
teims, and without showing, even colorably,that
