%% 64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
audi too high •, but on the remainder, where the mails are
ight,thcy are oppressively extravagant. The rapid multi-
—  i_ -.11 I. iho hiw nrnum/>s flint
TOttCll
^   a  ...
plication of railroads—on all of which the law provides that
the mails shall be carried—is constantly increasing the evil
complained of. These roads are In every directiun, pene-
traung comparatively sparsely populated portions of the
country and connecting with small towns, where the cor-
respondence is necessarily limited J and it they are ail to
continue to enjoy this enormous subsidy at the hands of the
Department, however unimportant the mails carried, no
very strong hope of disenihrallmentfrom its present embar-
rassments can be indulged." *****
"Another giievanee resulting from the railroad system
consists in the disinclination of many of these companies
to assume upon themselves the obligations imposed on all
other contractors in the service of the Depaument. Of the
three hundred and eighteen railroad routes in the United
States, there are one hundred and thirty-seven on which
the mails are transported without contract. These routes
are the most important, from their length and the weight
of the mails transmitted upon them, and yet the incorpo-
rated companies controlling them peremptorily refuse to
enter into those engagements with the Department which
the law and the highest interests of the postal service de-
mand. Thisground wasearlytakenbyrailroadcompanies,
and rather than inaugurate a series of controversies which
might bo protracted, and interrupt the regular conveyance
and delivery of the mails, the Department has yielded,
though constantly protesting against this lawless course.
The consequence has been that they have carried the mails
when and as they pleased, departing and arriving at such
hour:?, and moving at such speed, as was agreeable tothein.
Ttis true, that a tew of the companies have manifested a
liberal spirit in cooperating with the Department in the ar-
rangement of the schedules; but they have done this rather
as a courtesy than as an acknowledgment of any obligation
on their pai t to do so. The adjustment of 1 he schedules is
of tlte very essence of the postal oiganization, and upon its
exercise the harmony and success of the whole system de-
pend. If this right is to be given over to the vacillating
counsels and conflicting interests of the numerous railroad
companies, the service mu t lose its dignity and power, and
wide-spread derangement and inefficiency necessarily en-
tiue. The law regulating the transfer of the mails to these
roads contemplates that the Dcpartinont shall make n con-
tract evidencing the terms on which the set vice is acceptcd;
and the act of 1836 declares that ' no person, whose bid for
the transpoitationof the mail maybe accepted, shall receive
any pay until he shall have executed his contract according
to law and the regulations of the Department.5 The course
heietofore pursued, of recognizing and paying the claims of
these joads, in the absence of any eontiact,has been in dis-
regard of the statute cited, and it has been equally at vari-
ance with sound policy. The public weal, as well as the
law, requires that laihoad companies, as earners of the
mails, shall he subjected to the same wholesome discipline
to winch all other contractors are subjected. As fully ex-
plained in the accompanying report of the Auditoi, to which
reference had, their failure to enter into thex; contracts
creates serious and perplexing embarrassment in tin1 col-
lection of the leveuues of the Department, which should
not be submitted to. With every disposition to deal with
them most hheially, and with a full recognition of their
value as postal agents, and of their incalculable power in
developing the resources ot our country and promoting the
enterpases of its material civilization, still it is manifest
that their present attitude—seemingly defiant m us tone, as
it is disorganizing in its tendencies—cannot be endured
without humiliation to the Government, and without seiious
peril to those great interests which it is the mission of this
Department to uphold and advance. If thev can puccess-
fully maintain the position they now occupy, then they con-
trol at will the movement* of the mails, and virtually Hie
* Department is admmtsteied by them instead ofits appointed
head."
I read these long extracts because it is a matter
of great importance not only to the Department,
but to the railroad companies of the country, and
I do not desire that Congress shall act upon the
mere recommendation of the Post Office Commit-
tee on this bill, important as it is, and making as
it does radical changes in the postal system of the
country, without fully understanding the reasons
why the change is demanded. This was the recom-
mendation of Mr. Hoi tin 1859, two years ago. The
Post Office Committee of that session, of which
I was a member, sought to frame some bill which
should be just to the railroad companies, and at
the same time do justice to the postal service of
the country; and after conference with the Post-
master General upon the subject, we failed to re-
port any bill to the House. A bill to accomplish
this object was, however, reported in the Senate
during that session by Mr. Yulee, the chairman
of the Senate Post Office Committee. During the
present session Postmaster General Blair has again
called the attention of Congress to the subject. I
will read what he says, it is brief:
"In the last annual report of my predecessor mention i*
made of the refusal or neglect of a large number of railroad
companies engaged in the conveyancc of mails, to executc
the contracts required by law of all contiaerors tor the per-
formance of their duties. This abuse continues. When
a railroad is constructed through a district of country, com-
petition in the conveyance of passengers, mails, and mer-
chandise ceases on the route. Demand is immediately
made tor the mails, and without refeience to the impoi tance
of the offices to be supplied, at a compensation much above
that previously paidfoi coach anil hoise service, increased
speed Is the only advantage which the service gains, al-
though with respect to private business this is invauably
accompanied with a great reduction of cost. The subject
demands attention from Congress, and that measures be
adopted to enable the Government to contract on laii terms
with tiiese companies. The existing rates of compensa-
tion are, in my judgment, too high, and even at such rates
the Government is at the mercy of the companies. The
Government has the power to compel them to carry the
mails at fair rates, as it has the right to the use of all pri-
vate property necessary for its purposes, upon making just
compensation; and provision should be made to resort to
this power wbea fair arrangements cannot be made by way
of contract. This would enable the Department to deal
with the companies on equal terms."
After considerable consultation with the Depart-
ment upon the subject, the Post Office Committee
have reported the bill which is now upon your
table for action. - It requires all railroad companies
to enter into contract with the Department to carry
the mails. They are now made by congressional
enactment post routes,and whenever a railroad is
completed, extending out even into the wilderness,
being a post route, we are obliged to send the mails
over it, no matter how little return it may render
to the Department. The Treasury of the coun-
try, so far as carrying the mails is concerned, is
virtually at the mercy of the railroads; and as the
railroads know there can be no competition with
them in respect to speed, they have already re-
quired the Government to pay them $3,000,000 a
year.
It is true that on the main-trunk roads, such as
the New York Central, the Erie, the Pennsylva-
nia Central, and the Baltimore and Ohio, which
carry large mails, requiring a large amountof car-
room, the cost of sending the mails over them is
doubtless reimbursed by the service they perform.
But it is the inferior class of roads, roads running
through sparsely-settled portions of the country,
carrying very little bulk of mail, which compel the
Post Office Department to pay amounts for which
they do not make an adequate return to the Treas-
ury.
Now, we have endeavored by this bill to be
just to the railroad companies. "We do not re-
quire them to carry the mails at such rates as the
Postmaster General may establish. The laws as
they now exist require the Postmaster General to
classify the railroads into three classes. The first
class embraces all roads that receive over $100
per mile; the second receives from fifty to one hun-
dred dollars per mile; and the third class includes
those who receive not exceeding fifty dollars per
mile. Now, in order to protect the railroad com-
panies from any favoritism or disposition by any
Postmaster General to do them injustice, this bill
makes the Court of Claims the arbitrator between
the two. They may take testimony as to the
amount of mail matter to be carried, the import-
ance of the service, the number of cars necessary
to be employed, and their judgment shall, as in
the case of other claims against the Government—
for this House has passed a bill making them the
arbiter in claims of individuals against the Gov-
ernment—be final between them and the Depart-
ment. We propose by this bill that the Court of
Claims, caring nothing for the controversies be-
tween the railroad companies and the Department,
shall determine how much the railroads shall re-
ceive for their service, whenever the roads and
the Department fail to agree.
I wish to say a word in reference to another
point. I will say that these great trunk roads,
although they refuse to enter into contracts with
the Department, do render services to the Depart-
ment generally for as much as they receive. But
there are four of them, which are the great con-
necting links between the postal service East and
West, which refuse to enter into any contract with
the Department. These are the New York Cen-
tral, the New York and Erie, the Pennsylvania
Central, and the Baltimore and Ohio roads. If
those four roads see fit to combine—I do not say
that they will; but occupying the stand-point they
do, refusing to enter into a contract, they have the<
power thus to act—if they should see fittocombine,
that single combination would shipwreck the en-
tire postal service of the country. You might say
you would pay them what you think fair; they
might refuse, and demand twice as much as the
Department believe they ought to pay, or were
able to pay. If these four roads, which connect
the postal service of the East with that of the West,
should combine together, they can disarrange, if
not ruin, the entire postal service of this country,
and we would be thrown back to sending our
mails by lumbering coaches, across the mount-
ains, days behind passengers and express messen-
gers, utterly destroying the usefulness of our pres-
ent system.
I will not detain the House by continuing this
discussion, and I will now answer any questions
gentlemen may ask.
But I desire to say this much further before I
close. I have always believed that this is a jDower
which should be exercised by Congress only in ex-
treme cases—the power of using private property
for public use, and compelling its use; but when
I saw the embarrassment to which the Post Office
Department is subjected and the evil constantly
increasing, and that there was no way to correct
the evil except by the passage of this bill, I felt,
as did the committee, that it was time to report this
bill, and then leave the responsibility to the House
of Representatives. If they say that the present
system shall continue, and leave the railroads to
rule the Post Office Department by refusing to
enter into contracts with the Department, upon
their heads be the responsibility. The committee
have endeavored to perform their duty impartially
to the railroad companies upon the one hand, and
the Post Office Department on the other.
Mr. CUTLER asked a question as to the classi-
fication of railroads, which was not heard by the
reporters.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; they are fixed by law.
The Postmaster General is authorized to classify
railroads into three classes: first, those which are
paid over one hundred and up to three hundred and
seventy-five dollars. The latter sum is paid only
where roads carry the mail more than " double-
daily" and perform mail service as well by night as
by day. When only double daily mails are carried,
and half the service is not performed at night, from
one hundred to three hundred dollars per mile is
paid per year. The second class includes those
receiving over fifty and up to one hundred dollars;
and the third, those which receive sums not ex-
ceeding fifty dollars per mile. The Postmaster
General classifies them, but the railroad presidents
and companies are seldom satisfied with the clas-
sification.
Mr. CUTLER was understood to ask whether
the law did not authorize the Postmaster General
to enter into a contract with these roads.
Mr. COLFAX. It does; but it does not com-
pel the companies to accept the classification and
enter into a contract with the Postmaster General,
and they often refuse to do it, as I have shown.
Mr. CUTLER. If the companies refuse to do
the public service I have no objection to compel-
ling them to do it.
Mr. COLFAX. The trouble which is obviated
by this bill, is that the railroad companies often
insist that they are not properly classified—the
third class insisting that they should be in the
second class, and the second class that they should
be in the first class. This bill refers all such dis-
agreements to the decision of an impartial arbiter.
Mr. CUTLER. I supposed the decision of the
Postmaster General was binding.
Mr. COLFAX. It is not; because he cannot
compel them to accept his classification or enter
into contracts.
Mr. CUTLER. I desire to offer this amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section:
Provided, That the said railroad companies shall not be
required to cairy the mails foraless rate than the rate now
paid lor the same service.
Mr. COLFAX. I supposed that the gentleman
wanted to offer an amendment providing that the
amount shall not be lower than under the present
rates of classification. Some roads now compel
the Post Office Department to pay them three,
four, and even six times as much as the revenue
derived from postages upon the routes.
Mr. CUTLER. Then I will modify the
amendment, so that it shall read:
For a less 1 ate than the minimum classification now paid
for the same service.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my colleague will not
consent to that amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. The House can vote it down.
I expect to stand by the bill as reported, though
not to prevent members offering amendments to
a reasonable extent. The committee have en-
deavored to report a bill fair and just to all con-
cerned. With the House I leave the responsi-
bility.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I agree with my
colleague that this is the exercise of high author-
ity, and it ought not to be abused. One of the
