1304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
license shall be $100. I move to amend, as fol-
lows:
Section forty-one, twentieth lino, stnke. out '*$100,'' and
insert" of finny e«*ntv pet gallon for each gallon ot the ca-
pacity of the still or suite or othoi vessel of wood or metal,
or vessel used in the distillation ot spirits, not including
boilers or heaters of beer or water."
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is right in
thinking that such a provision should be m the
bill, and I think it will be found there already. If
he will refer to page 26 of the bill, he will find a
provision which, I think, meets his objection. It
is as follows:
And for want of goods and chattels, or other personal
effects of such collector or his suieties, sufficient to satisfy
any warrant of distress, issued pursuant to the preceding
section of this act, the lands and real estate of such col-
lector and his sureties, or so much thereof as may he ne-
cessary for satisfying the said warrant, after being adver-
tised tor at least three weeks in not less than tlnee public
places m the collection di>tuct, and in one newspaper
printed in the county or district, if any there be, prior to
the pioposed time of sale, may and shall be sold by the mar-
shal or his deputy.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I had overlooked that
provision.
Mr. STEVENS. That provision is all that is
necessary.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to ask the atten-
tion of the committee for a few moments to the
?rovisions of this section, and to the amendment
have offered, because I deem the matter of great
importance. This tax upon the distilleries is a
matter of great interest to the agricultural inter-
ests of the country, and the material itself when
made by them had better be poured out of the '
barrels upon the ground rather than drank, if bad. :
The reason which suggested itself to me for pro- i
posing this change, I indicated yesterday, and I
will repeat it now; it is that the imposition of a
license of $100 upon each distillery, whatever
may be the capacity, is unequal, and will be un-
just. I have made a calculation of what the license
"would be upon ordinary distilleries under the
amendment I have proposed. Where men run
two copper stills, their capacities usually vary j
from sixty-five to one hundred and twenty gal-
lons. 1 find, by calculation, that where three
such stills arc run the liccnse would amount to
about one hundred dollars. When you come to
the large manufacturers of whisky and spirits
you find a capacity running up to thousands of
gallons, and they should pay a license in propor-
tion to then-capacity of production. Taxesshould
be levied in proportion to the capacity of the ma- j
terials employed. If I have succeeded in making ]
myself understood, I will yield the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to sug- ,
gest to the committee, tli.it if they will make an |
estimate of what a license will amount to upon |
the basis of production, it will be found so enor- ;
mous that the committee will hardly be willing to j
adopt the proposition of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. His proposition is to require the payment
for a license at the rate of thirty cents per gallon
upon the capacity of an establishment to produce
spirits. There are a great many stills the ca-
pacity of which is at least four thousand gallons
per day. That would make the license amount to
§1,200 per annum for every such establishment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I beg my friend's pardon.
He misunderstands the amendment.
Mr. IvELLOGG, of Illinois. I most clearly
understand it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman certainly
misapprehends the amendment, or I do. This
amendment is not a tax upon the capacity porday
or per year. Instead of paying $100 a year, I pro-
pose that there shall be paid thirty cents a year
upon each gallon of capacity of the still, or of
what is usually called the boiler. I confine tiie
amendment to the vessel that boils the beer, and
runs it into spirits, or runs the spirit out of it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois If the gentleman's
proposition is what he has now stated—that is,
thirty cents per gallon per year—why, it will be
merely a tax of thirty cents a gallon upon all the
spirits manufactured. That, added to fifteen cents
a gallon, would be rather a larger tax than any-
body would desire to impose upon the article.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is a tax of thirty cents
per gallon upon the capacity of the still, and not
upon the liquor produced.
Mr-KELLOGG, of Illinois. And the capacity
of a still is precisely what it produces.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh, no. [Laughter.]
Mr.DUNLAP. I move to strike out this entire
section.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can move
that as an original proposition, but it will be held
in abeyance until all the propositions to amend
are disposed of.
Mr. DUNLAP. I perceive there is no discrim-
ination between stills of differentcapacities. My
colleague remarked yesterday that some distillers
carry on the business on a very large scale, and
I was pleased to hear him say that the liquor man-
ufactured in his county was of a pure character,
and I hope it will reach this department before we
adjourn. [Laughter.]
I propose to strike out this entire section, for
this reason: I perccive that by section forty-four
it is proposed to impose a tax of fifteen cents per
gallon on each article that is manufactured of a
spirituous character. That is in addition to the
$100 tax proposed by section forty-one, which I
have moved to strike out. By subdivision num-
ber three of section sixty-three I find that a whole-
sale dealer in spirituous liquors is to pay a license
of fifty dollars, and a wholesale dealer is defined
to be one who sells three gallons or more at any
one time. I find in subdivision four of that same
section that a retail dealer is to pay a liccnse of
twenty dollars, and a retail dealer is defined to
be one who sells in any quantity less than three
gallons. I presume the Committee of Ways and
Means did not intend to impose this tax of fifty
dollars upon manufacturers. But evidently, if
they do not, the language of this bill is an over-
sight, for manufacturers are so taxed according to
the language of the bill.
You can see now what it will cost toenterupon
the distilling business. In the first place, there is
the §100 which the distiller pays for a license.
Thenhe pays fifteen centsagallon upon the arti-
cle manufactured. Then he_ pays fifty dollars a
year as a penalty for selling in quantities greater
than three gallons; and if he sells in quantities less
than three gallons, he pays a penalty of twenty
dollars—making $170, m addition to the fifteen
cents per gallon for manufacturing the article.
Now, 1 insist, this bill as it is now worded—though
I know that was not the intention of the commit-
tee, for they meant well, and desired only to ob-
tain the greatest amount of revenue upon princi-
ples of equality—will operate to the exclusion of
| the manufacture of the article by very many men
| who cannot afford to pay the tax upon theirsmall
manufacture. You tax a hotel dealer, for instance,
according to the rent of his establishment, and
there you stop with him. You do not tax him,
in addition, a percentage upon the income of his
building or property. Bowling alleys and such
like buildings are taxed, and the tax is confined
simply to the first license. But in reference to the
distillers, you make them pay a tax three times
over; and, in addition to that, make them pay fif-
teen cents per gallon upon the amount they man-
ufacture. Now I think the greatest amount of
revenue will be derived by striking out these pro-
visions as to license, as far as they refer to distill-
ers, and make them pay a percentage upon the
amount they manufacture. And then those who
make only a small quantity will pay no more than
their proportion of the revenue of the country,
instead of paying as much as the largo manufac-
turers. 1 think you will thus best subserve the
interests of the Government, and make something
like an equality throughout the entire distillery
operations of the country. When that is done,
we shall obtain a larger revenue than by the other
process, which drives from the rnaiket those man-
ufacturers who cannot afford to pay so large a
license.
Mr. WOODRUFF. Mr. Chaiinian, I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Dunlap,] and with a view of
sustaining the proposition of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe] who was first up.
There is in that portion of the State of Connecti-
cut which I represent a manufacture of ardent
spirits which is known as cider brandy, and it is
carried on by small farmers who raise an excess
of apples, and distill the cider themselves in a small
way. Now, I think it highly proper that a tax
should bo laid upon these distillers for the support
of the Government. Gut the object of the tax is to
raise revenue, and I fear the Committee ofWaya
and Means have gone so far m this matter thai
they will defeat the object which they seek to at-
tain; for if a tax of §100 is laid upon every still,
it will amount to an absolute prohibition of a great
number of distilleries.
Now, sir, I understand that distilleries vary in
size from a hundred to two thousand gallons in
capacity.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Four or five thou-
sand gallons.
Mr. WOODRUFF. The tax upon a still of
one hundred gallons capacity, if I understand the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
would amount to thirty dollars, whereas the tax
upon a still of two thousand gallons capacity
would amount to §600. Now, it seems to me that,
if this tax is distributed according to the capacity
of the stills, it will do more entire justice to the
distillers than it would if you were to lay the same
tax upon small and large distilleries; and I think,
also, that it would inciease the revenue which the
Government would derive from the tax, because,
as I have said, this heavy tax of $100 upon these
small distilleries—and there are a great many in
some sections of the country not exceeding a hun-
dred gallons capacity—would amount to an abso-
lute prohibition, and produce a suspension of the
business of the distilleries.
Now, sir, I think this class of business a very
proper object to tax-; but I think the tax ought to
be laid in such a way as to do justice to those en-
gaged in it, and also to secure to the Government
the greatest possible amount of revenue, and that,
1 think, would be effected by the adoption of the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Wickliffe,] and by rejecting the motion to
strike out the whole section.
Mr. PHELPS, nf California. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Wickliffe,] by inserting before the word
" capacity," the word " daily;" and I will state
to the gentleman from Kentucky my reason for
offering that amendment. As 1 understand 'the
process of distilling as at present practiced, while
the old copper stilfis charged only once or twice
aday, the improved pattern of still may be chargcd
forty times a day; and consequently the amend-
ment should apply to the daily capacity, to the
amount of liquor distilled. That is the object, I
presume, of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh, no, sir; that is not
my object.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. The object is
to reach the capacity of the still, and it matters
not whether the capacity is five hundred gallons,
if it is only capable of producing three hundred
gallons.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not mean by the ca-
pacity of a still the ability of making so many
gallons of whisky a day. I mean the number
of gallons that it measures. It is but one tax on
the capacity of the still for one year of thirty cents
per gallon.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I understand
the gentleman, Mr. Chairman, and I will suggest
to him that he entirely fails to reach his object,
for the reason, as I said before, that the old-fash-
ioned copper still is charged but once or twice a
day, whereas the still of improved pattern may be
charged forty times aday, and consequently, while
thoy are both of the same measurement, one will
produce two thousand gallons ofliquora day, and
the other but fifty gallons.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. You am wrong in that.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. One still is
chaiged forty times a day, and the other only once
or twice, and consequently, though the stills may
be of the same measurement, the one may be of
twenty times the capacity of the other.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I am sorry that
I cannot make myself understood; but what we
want is to tax the ability of the still to pioduee
spirituous liquor, and that depends upon the pro-
cess used. A still measuring five hundred gal-
lons, used by one process, may produce only a
hundred gallons of spirit, and used by another
process it may be capable of producing two thou-
sand gallons.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman wanted
to buy a copper still from the manufacturer, that
would hold a hundred gallons, he would write to
him, " send me a copper still of the capacity of a
hundred gallons." That is what is meant by the
capacity of still, and not its piodnction.
Mr PHELPS, of California. 1 peifcctly un-
