3224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
exactly right or not, without expressing any con-
fidence or want of confidence in General McClel-
lan, I am surprised that Senators should insist
that the whole expression of opinion should be
one way in regard to it while>they deprecate any-
thing being said on the other side.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator a question with his consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON.' I desire to ask him, if it
shall be the determination of the Senate after this
information comes in that General McClellan is
incompetent, what will the Senate do; what will
he advise the Senate to do?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that is no por-
tion of the object of the resolution. We all know
that the Senate cannot appoint the officers of the
Army. We can advise and consent to such names
as are sent us; butwe cannot of ourselves remove
men. The expression of the opinion of the Sen-
ate might have some effect, perhaps, upon the
country and upon the Executive; I do not know
how much.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator will per-
mit mo, my object in making the remarks 1 did
was this: 1 thought if there were any facts as to
his incompetency or disloyalty in the possession
of any Senator, they should be communicated to
the proper department, the department having the
power—the President of the United States—and
let him remove him at once; and I said the country
would acquiesce in it, and I believe it would.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What I found fault with
was that these Senators should insist upon mag-
nifying General McClellan, and then insist that
nothing should be said about him by anybody
else. You are entirely at liberty to say that lie
has done exactly right; and the Senator from In-
diana, with a strange forgetfulness of what is in
the newspapers, and what has been in the news-
papers for a year, rises in his place in the Senate
and says that nobody enters into the newspapers
to defend General McClcllan. Has not the Sen-
ator from Indiana read the newspapers for the last
ten days ? Have they not been filled with articles
showing the strategic ability of the commander
before Richmond? Have they not been filled with
articles showing with what ability lie-was draw-
ing the rebels into a trap? Has not the Senator
from Indiana seen all this?
The Senator from Missouri says he has un-
bounded confidence in General McClellan. I said
1 should express no opinion about it, either of a
wantof confidence in hins m-not; buti wish toask
the Senator from Missouri a qnnsiion. General
McClellan was placed at the head ofthearmy here
almosta vear ago, subordinate only to Lieutenant
General Scott at that time, having everything his
own way; superseding General Scott about the
1st of November, having the control of all the
armies of the United States, all the forces subject
to Ins order, for it is well known that he was not
interfered with by the President or anybody else;
a high officer in the Government announced that
within sixty or ninety days the rebellion was to
be crushed; another high officer of the Govern-
ment in the city of New'York proclaimed that by
the 15th of January the rebels were to be driven
away. If the Senator from Missouri had been
told that all the armies of the United States, half
a million of men, were to lie placed under the con-
trol of a Ringlc individual, and that individual
was to have rnnmhaled under his immediate com-
mand two hundred and thirty thousand men, as
we are told here, with authority to control the
other troops throughout the Union, and he was
to hold these men under his command not only for
sixty or ninety days, but through the whole sea-
son of the fall of the year, through the whole win-
ter, through the whole spring, and into midsum-
mer, and never make one attack upon the rebels—
would lie have selected that man as the one in
whom he had unbounded confidence if he had
been told that last July, a year ago ? Would he
have selected an individual to command who has
done that thing? The Secretaries connected with
the Administration thought differently. Is that
satisfactory to the Senator from Missouri, that he
rises here m his place to express his unbounded
confidence 
Mr. HENDERSON. Does the Senator desire
an answer at this time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am entirely willing to
hear the answer if the Senator desires to make it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state very frankly
that I myself thought Manassas ought to have
been attacked. I was of that impression dut'Tng
the fall and an early part of .the winter. But, sir,
I do not profess to know the number of troops be-
hind the rebel intrenchments at Manassas; I do
not profess to know the discipline and the skill of
the officers and men that Genera] McClellan had
under htm at the time; I do not exactly know the
topography of the country at Manassas; I do not
know a great many things that would enter into
and make a-part of the difficulties and the advant-
ages of an attack on Manassas. I am no rnilitary
man. I wentinto thefieldonceinMissouri merely
to fight off the guerrillas who were attempting to
fight me out of the State;'but I never did profess
to be a military man. I know nothing about mili-
tary science, and I am not competent to pass an
opinion upon the propriety or impropriety ofGen-
eral McClellan's conduct in front of Manassas.
But, sir, I will repeat what I said before, that
in my opinion the Senator from Illinois, as well
as the greater portion of the country at large, has
been in error in regard to the strength of the reb-
els. I recollect when General Sherman, in Ken-
tucky, at one time said it would require one hun-
dred thousand men—[Mr. Davis. Two hundred
thousand)—to proceed through the State of Ken-
tucky, the newspapers throughout the land said
he was deranged. I recollect that afterwards,
when our forces undertook to go through the State
of Kentucky, it required over one hundred thou-
sand men. I recollect also that General Fremont,
in my own State, with what was called a well-
appointed army, placed rightin front of the rebels
of southwest Missouri, did certainly suffer a rebel
army to come to the center of the State of Mis-
souri and take the cityof Lexington, reducing the
garrison, and taking the property of the United
States at thatgarrison. Sir, when you look around,
you will find that our generals everywhere have
found this rebellion a little stronger than the peo-
ple at home anticipated. Why, sir, but a short
time ago, General Hunter himself, as I under-
stand, believing that it would be an easy job to
take the rebel fortifications on James Island,
found our army repulsed and himself very badly
whipped. It is because we have underrated the
power of the rebels, and we have done it from the
beginning, and we ought to wake up to a proper
knowledge of it. My understanding is, that Gen-
eral McClellan has informed the War Department
since he wont to Yorktown that ho never could
approach Richmond with the army ho then had.
I do not say that that is so, because 1 am not in
the confidence of the War Department; but ifit be
true, it was right that General McClellan should
not attack Richmond, and in that attack destroy
his army. I say it was altogether proper, if*he
had not troops enough to move, and I believe he
did not have—that is my conscientious conviction;
I may be in error—he ought not to have made an
attack, because by attacking he would have de-
stroyed his army. The same may have been the
case in front of Manassas. Ifit be true that there
were but thirty„thousand men in those fortifica-
tions, then an attack oughtto have been made last
fall; but if it be true, as I honestly believe, that
there were one hundred and fifty thousand men
behind those fortifications, then I say it was a
matter of extremely doubtful propriety.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not give way with
the view of the Senator's going into an argument.
I supposed he wanted to ask some question or
make some explanation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the priv-
ilege of the Senator at any time to recall his right
to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the Senator is
through.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The very thing of which
I complain in the Senator from Missouri and other
Senators, is, that while he disavows being a mil-
itary man, or having sufficient knowledge to pass
judgment upon the conduct of armies, he all the
time does pass judgment. He has passed it in the
strongest language which mortal man could em-
ploy on this -very occasion. He said he had un-
bounded confidence in General McClcllan. Why,
sir,in this very speech he expresses his confidence
and gives his opinion that what he has done is
right.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Piesideut 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will give way if it is
merely to ask a question or for explanation, but
I cannot give way to another speech.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to say that when
I said I had the utmost confidence in General Mc-
Clellan, it was in reply to the Senator from Michi-
gan. I understood that Senator to doubt his loy-
alty,and I said that I had undoubted confidence in
the loyalty of General McClellan.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Now,I wish tosayaword
in regard to this over and underestimating the
force of the enemy.. The SenatoTspcaks of the
defeat of General Hunter, and says that he had
under estimated the enemy. Why, sir, General
Hunter had nothing to do with the attack upon
James Island; and I am sorry the Senator from
Missouri should do General Hunter the injustice
to couple his name with the repulse m that attack,
fie is known notto have been there, and I under-
stand he arrested the officer who made the attack.
Surely, General Hunter is not to be held respons-
ible for a thing which is done by a subordinate offi-
cer without his knowledge or consent, and whom
he has reproved for doing the act.
I disagree entirely with the Senator from Mis-
souri about our underestimating the strength of
the enemy. The very difficulty under which we
have labored from the beginning is, that we have
overestimated the strength of the enemy. We
have been acting on the defensive; and that was
the point to which I wanted to bring the Senator
from Missouri when he interrupted me before.
We are engaged in a war to put down rebellion.
It is not a war with an independent nation, where
we may wait for that nation to attack us; but it
is a war with rebels, and for every day that it is
prolonged, strength and power are given to the
rebels; their government becomes consolidated;
men become accustomed to the government; the
interests of men become identified with it. They
borrow money, and the man who loans the money,
although it be by force, is then interested in main-
taining the government that he may get his pay.
Officers are elected and appointed, and thereby
become interested in that government. The very
trouble has been that we have overestimated the
strength of the enemy, and have acted upon the de-
fensive. The question I wanted to put to the Sen-
ator from Missouri was, if any man could have
fiis unbounded confidence who had been>placed
at the head of all the aimies of this Union for the
purpose of putting down a rebellion, and for a
year had not struck a blow > Has the army under
the command of the general who has his un-
bounded confidence ever made an attack, or has
it waited to be attacked on every occasion? Can
a rebellion ever be put down by acting on the de-
fensive, by building intrenchments, and waiting
for the rebels to come and attack you?
I have heard the strength of these rebels stated
heretimeand again,and magnified twofold. The
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] the other
day talked about seven or eight million people.
Why, sir, there are in the southern States engaged
in this rebellion, including the State of Virginia,
for you must not include Maryland; you must not
include Delaware; you must not include Missouri;
you must not include Kentucky; and now you can
scarcely include Tennessee—but in all these rebel
States, including Virginia with them, and of course
it is unjust to include a large part of Virginia—
taking the entire population of Virginia, and giv-
ing them all the southern States, excluding those
I have named, and there are about eight million
people in all, and nearly half of them are slaves.
There are only four or five million white people
with whom we are contending; a very little larger
population than there is m the State of New York;
and the whole rebel States are not equal to-day in
arms, in the materials of war, or anything else,
to the State of New York alone. She is compact;
she could bring her men into the field promptly,
while these southern States extend over thousands
of miles, with a scattered population, and a laige
slave population that would have, to some extent,
to be looked after, if the Union armies would cease
to watch them; and yet we are told we have un-
derrated their strength! Sir, we have overesti-
mated it, and waited to act upon the defensive, in-
stead of striking this wicked rebellion, and crush-
ing itbyactive movements upon it; that has been
the trouble, and I am unwilling that the remarks
of Senators, founded upon such false premises,
should go out unreplied to in the Senate. That
