1862.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3225
is My excuse for saying anything upon the pres-
ent occasion.
I shall not go into the conduct of General Mc-
Clellan. I will express no opinion of my own
about it. The country can judge when it sees
the'results. The country sees that weeks and
months were spent in digging intrenchments and
throwing up fortifications, and that thousands of
lives were sacrificed, and yet when the enemy ap-
proaches, your intrenchments are left and your
guns hauled away without scarcely an appearance
of battle. The great battles that have been fought
in front of Richmond, where our men have shown
themselves equal to any men that were ever mus-
tered upon a battle-field, were fought whenever
they had an opportunity. Those battles were all
fought outside of the intrenchments and on the
retreat, and the enemy had all the benefit which
the inspiration of pursuing a retreating foe could
give them. We know, sir, that the retreat was
ordered from the other side of the Chiclcahom-
iny without any considerable battle having taken
place on Friday night. True, sir, abattle had taken
place on the north side of the Chickahominy in
which a small portion of our troops were engaged,
where they were met and overwhelmed by supe-
rior numbers. I presume that is so, because it
would be very easy for the rebels to bring to bear
a superior force upon twenty-five or thirty thou-
sand of our men, when it would have been utterly
impossible for them to bring to bear a superior
force on one hundred thousand of our men.
I hope that this resolution may be passed, and
that we may get this information. Let the coun-
try understand where the fault is, if there is any.
They will put it upon the right shoulders, and they
are in earnest in regard to this rebellion. They
have the power, they have the heart, and they are
determined to crush this rebellion, and whether it
shall require three hundred thousand men or three
million men, I believe the power exists and the
will exists to crush the rebellion, and I believe it
will be done. I think the best way to do it is to let
the people see everything that is going on. I do
not distrust them. Let them understand it, and
if it is necessary to sacrifice fifty or one hundred
thousand men in front of Richmond in order to
put down the rebellion, the people will make the
sacrifice. They would prefer not to do it, if itcould
be put down without; but they are ready,I think,
to make whatever sacrifice shall be required to
accomplish the object.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill which is the special order.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will give
way, I think we cap have a vote.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have given
way three or four times, and we have got speech
after speech.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will not give way. This debate
will last all day.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator give way
if the call of the yeas and nays can commence at
once?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I would
give way if I thought we could have a vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Clerk will call
the roll, if the Senator will give way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk will
not call the roll until the debate has terminated.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend the resolu-
tion. I am not going to argue it. I move t.o strike
out " May," in the ninth line, and insert "July."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is in, on the motion
of the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice.]
Mr. CARLILE. No. I wish this alteration
made in the ninth line, to make it conform to the
amendment adopted on the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota. That will bring the cor-
respondence down to the 1st of July.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFIOKR. The resolution
will be so modified.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 now move
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
384.
Mr. SHERMAN and others. Let us take the
vote now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Seimtois
say, tako the vote. Very well.
Mr. DAVIS. I have an amendment that I want
to offer.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If there will
not be any speaking on it, I shall not object.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment.
The ^RESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 384.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
that for the purpose of taking a vote on this res-
olution. Senators say they will take the vote at
once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
of the Senator from Michigan is before the Senate.
Mr. DAViS. I offer an amendment, to add to
the resolution:
Aild all General McClelian's correspondence with the
President and the War Department daring the period of
time embraced by this resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will pardon
me, all that is not inconsistent with the public ser-
vice is already called for in the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand that the cor-
respondence on the part of General McClellan is
called for.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; it is all in.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We want
the whole facts of the case.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not insist on the amend-
ment, but I want to be heard about ten minutes
on the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then I must
renew my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved that
the Senate resume the consideration of the bill No.
384.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we shall gain time
by disposing of the resolution.
The question being put, there were twelve ayes.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Rather than
divide the Senate, I give it up. I see the majority
does not sustain the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
withdrawn.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not intend to make much of
an infliction upon the Senate, but I will speak ac-
cording to my own judgment and discretion. I
intend to vote for this resolution, and I am op-
posed to much secrecy in matters of Stateat any
rate. I understand that what has produced this
resolution has been the assaults in the newspapers
that have been made within a short time upon the
Secretary of War. When that officer was appoint-
ed and was inducted into office, no man was more
gratified with the appointment than I was, and I
do not know but what the Secretary of War has
mainly and essentially, in his official conduct,dis-
charged his duty with ability and fidelity. I have
not the information and I am not competent to
pass a judgment upon it, and I do not intend to
attempt to do so.
But here is that for which I censure the Secre-
tary of War, for which I think he deserves cen-
sure. In a short time after his appointment to this
office he evidently manifested a very great hostil-
ity to the then commander-in-chief of the Army,
andthatcommander-in-chief was General McClel-
lan. We recollect the time when the lamented Gen-
eral Lander had cuskirmish up in the valley of
Virginia, where he displayed the greatest gallantry
and where he had a small yet brilliant success.
The Secretary of War, in a proclamation pub-
lished in the newspapers, commended the gal-
lantry and the good conduct, very justly, too, of
General Lander; but there was language in that
proclamation that the country understood and that
I understood, and that I have no doubt was in-
tended to reflect strongly and directly upon the
course of General McClellan and the manner in
which he was managing the army immediately
under his command. It had been given out by
the friends of General McClellan before, that the
reason he did not make military movements from
his encampment on the other side of the Potomac
was, the condition of the roads rendered a forward
movement impracticable; and the proclamation of
the Secretary of War was to this purport: that not-
withstanding the condition of the roads, or in de-
fiance of their condition, General Lander had un-
dertaken a military expedition, and had conducted
it to such a successful result.
Mr. President, there is another reason why I
condemn the Secretary of War. We all know
that he entered into an intrigue in the Cabinet to
induce the President to remove General McClellan
from his office, and that he persisted for some time
with great industry, and energy to press it upon
the President; but the eonfidence,of the President
could not be shaken. •
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think that
is a mistake.
Mr. DAVIS. That is my information; and.my
information furthermore is that General"McClel-
lan, in consequence of this intrigue, headed and
conducted by the Secretary of War, was induced
to lay his plan of campaign before a board of gen-
eral officers, twelve in number-probably,'and ex-
pressed to the President that if this military board
should condemn his plan of campaign, his com-
mission was at the service of the President, and
that he would retire promptly from his command;
but that board examined carefully and deliberately
his plan of campaign, and eight officers of the
twelve approved it and four disapproved it.
I know, not from my own knowledge, but from
the most reliable authority, that the Secretary of
War has been inimical to General McClellan, and
that he has time after time controverted his capa-
city for his command; and I know from men who
have visited the War Department that a stream of
disparagementand detraction has issued from the
War Office against General McClellan, and that
men high in that office have been engaged in that
work of disparagement. I condemn the Secretary
of War for that course, if it be true, and that it is
true I have upon good authority.
Well, Mr. President, instead of the Secretary of
War detracting from the commander-in-chief and
endeavoring to destroy the confidence of the Sen-
ate, of the country, and of the Army in him, it
was his duty as a faithful officer to have upheld
the confidcnce of the country, of the Congress of
the United States, and of the Army, in the com-
mander-in-chief.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow mo
to make a single inquiry i1 /
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. These charges certainly are
of the gravest possible character; and I desire
simply to know, whether, when the Senator says
we all know them, he is staling matter of history,
or whether he is stating this upon his own inform-
ation and belief, or whether he is stating what
he states as matter of rumor. I think he should
be specific when a high Cabinet officer is arraigned
so severely.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine. I will move for a committee of
inquiry, and if the Senate will grant me a com-
mittee of inquiry, I will establish some of these
material facts. I know and believe all of them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me to make a correction?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator has alluded
to the council of war which was held. The facts
have not been properly represented to him. That
council of war was held, but it was held upon this
proposition: that the enemy should be left in-
trenched in force at Manassas, that the Potomac
should be left blockaded, and that the army ofthe
Potomacshould be taken to Annapolis by railroad,
and there shipped to attack the enemy m the rear.
That was the object'of the council of war. And
the council of war decided that they would do it;
but the President and the Secretary of War over-
ruled that decision of the council of war, and com-
pelled them to go out and attack Manassas, and
raise the blockade. It is proper that the facts
should be known.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no access to the official
and authentic facts; but if the Senate, as I shall
move, will grant a committee of inquiry, I will
prove, I think, upon the Secretary of War, his
hostility to General McClellan, and his attempts
to disparage him, and to have him removed from
his command.
Mr. MORRILL. Now, if the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to make a single suggestion, I
desire to submit whether the honorable Senator
thinks it is entirely just to the Secretary of War
to make this criticism in advance of any informa-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do it, Mr. President, because
of the avowal of the Senator from Michigan. I
do not recollect his language, but 1 understood
him to say that he offered the resolution because
of the attacks of the newspapers upon the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; that was not the rea-
