1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283:
Mr. DIVEN. I offer it to come in at the end
of this clause of the bill, which I understand to
relate to these same engraving contracts:
For the necessary expenses in carrying into effect thp act
of 17th of July, 1861, and the act of 5th of August, 1861, in
addition to the appropriations made by those acts for those
objects, {$100,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by adding
the following;
Provided however, That this appropriation shall not be
applied for carrying out any existing contract.
I understand that otherwise this appropriation
of $100,000 may be applied to carrying out this
existing contract, which I certainly am not dis-
posed to approve.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely want to say that I
do not care now what becomes of this appropria-
tion in committee. When we go into the House
I shall endeavor to have the amendment 1 have
offered restored.
Mr. WICXCUFFE. I want to know whether
a motion to strike out the whole appropriation
will be in order? 1 am perfectly satisfied that we
are paying too much for this work.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is it not in order to ask
whether a motion is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's motion
will be in order when the amendment under con-
sideration shall have been disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say a word in
explanation of my amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. X object.
Mr. HOLMAN. On hearing the amendment
of the gentleman from New York read,! am sat-
isfied that mine is not pertinent to it, and I with-
draw it.
Mr. Divev's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now renew my amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. I offer as a substitute for the gen-
tleman's amendment the following:
And that the money hereby appropriated bo not ex-
pended except upon contract to bo made by the Sccretaiy
of the Tieasnry, with competent encravers on public ad-
vertisement lor fifteen day?, and to be let to the lowest re-
sponsible bidder.-; all prior contract* w ith lcfeience to the
engraving of Treasury notes being hereby abrogated.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If there be no
objection, I should like to ask a question of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 would like to
know whether, if this proviso prevails, there is
any use for the appropriation at all; whether it is
not for the purpose of carrying out existing con-
tracts ?
Mr. STEVENS. I answer that I do not want
the appropriation if this amendment prevails. I
hope it will not prevail.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not this money to be ex-
pended for work hereafter to be done?
Mr. STEVENS. It is to be expended under
a contract already made.
Mr. HOLMAN. My question is, whether it
is to perform work hereafter to be done, or to pay
for work already done?
Mr. STEVENS. The work to which the ap-
propriation is to be applied is all under an old
contract.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to be
inferred by the House that the whole of this money
is to be expended for engraving. This is entirely
a mistake. A very large share of it is to be paid
to men employed as an extra force at the Treas-
ury Department upon these notes. They have to
£0 through, I am informed, as many as thirty or
forty hands before they are ready to be issued.
They have to be cut, they have to be registered,
they have to be signed. This part of the busi-
ness, as I am informed, has already paralyzed the
hands of a worthy ex-member of this House, the
Register of the Treasury.
Mr. Cox's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. Holman's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. "WICKLIFFE. I move to strike out the
whole paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add the following
at the end of the bill:
For amount required for clerk* and messengers in the office
of the Assistant Tieasurer at St. Louis, from the 30th of Jan-
uary. 1861, to the 30th of January, 1863, $1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. I submit the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to have
*lie old furnace underthe Library of Congress removed,and
a new one erected in its place, $325.
I ask that the following letter, from the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Office of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
Capitol op the United States,
Washington City, December 26,1861.
Sik : I have received a letter from the Librarian of Con-
gress, stating that the furnace under the Library cannot
longer be used, and that he has given directions that no more
fire bhatt be made for the present. That letter accompanies
this.
Immediately on the receipt of that letter I caused the fur-
nace to be examined by a competent person, who reports
to me that it has been up many years, and is  o burnt and
cracked as to be beyond repair. The erection of a new fur-
nace is the only remedy; and to render the Library tenant-
able with any comfort, it should be done as speedily as pos-
sible.
1 inclose an estimate, made by a practical furnace builder,
who oilers to take down the old furnace and build a now
one for $323—in my opinion a very reasonable sum. He
f urthei stipulates with me that he will not receive anything
until the furnace is tested thoroughly, and found to answer
all the purposes intended.
If it be piacucable to obtain the passage of a bill at once
to enable me to have this necessaiy work done, I will cause
it to be done at once.
With high icapcct, your obedient servant,
15. B. FRENCH,
Commissioner of Puitlic Buildings.
Hon. Charles II. Train, Chairman Committee on District
of Columbia, House of Representatives.
Mr. TRAIN. I on] y wish to say that the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds directed
me to move that amendment to this bill, instead
of introducing a separate bill for the purpose.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Before the question
is taken upon this amendment, I would like to
know whether this work lias already been done?
Mr. TRAIN. It has.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to submit the
following amendment:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to pay
the expense of papering and painting the Piesldent's house
xn the summer of 1861, $4,300.
Mr. Chairman, that is an outstanding debt, and
ought to be paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. What was the amount Ap-
propriated for the same purpose at the last session ?
Mr. TRAIN. I have no information on that
subject.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To enable the Commissioner to pay a bill of P. & T.
Berry for granite-worU and materials for the north front of
the Patent Office building, $7,093 13.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike that out; it
docs not state whether it is for work to be done
or for work which has already been done.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To enable the Commissioner to pay five per cent, on
$8,7.38 iO, retained on that sum due P. & T. Berry on
granite-wotk on the west wing of the Patent Office baiidmg
ill 1850, $437 94.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that we will have some
explanation of that provision. It looks like an
old claim against the Government. I would like
to hear from the Committee of Ways and Means
on the subject. Why was not this money paid
long ago, for it seems to have been due for twelve
years ?
Mr. MALLORY. This work was done by
the Messrs. Berry, and the amount stated is the
amount retained by the Secretary of the Treasury
until the completion of their contract. It is proper,
and ought to pass.
Mr. DUELL. I submit the following amend-
ment:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no part of the
amount appropriated by this act shall be applied m payment
of extra services to any clerk, messenger, watchman, or
other person already receiving a salary or wages under the
Government of the United States, nor to any partner, em-
plo>« or member of the tamilv of any such clerk, messenger,
watchman, or other person employed by the United States
as aforesaid. And that at the commencement of each ses-
sion of Congress the Secretaiy of the Interior shall cause to
be reported to both Houses of Congress a detailed statement
of theexpendiurcof theappiopnation for the Patent Office,
under this act, giving copies of all the vouchers therefor;
and also a statement of all unexpended funds, and all lia-
bilities not paid on account of said appropriation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make a point of order on
that amendment, upon the ground that it is in the
nature of new legislation. , :
Mr. DUELL. It seems to me that this cannot
be fairly regarded as new legislation. . It merely
explains the appropriations of the-bill. - -
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the'
pointof order. The amendment provides for new
and independent legislation.
Mr. DUELL. I take an appeal from ..the de-
cision of the Chair. , .
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit the folio wing amend-
ment:
Sec. 3. -And be it further enacted, That the following
sums be and are hereby appropriated for the service of the
year ending the 30th of June, 1863:
for tiie expenses of the building at the corner of F and
Fifteenth streets, occupied by the Surgeon General's and
the Paymaster General's offices, §8,800.
For tlie expenses attending the removal and the occupa-
tion of the building at the corner of F and Fifteenth streets
by the Surgeon General's and Paymaster General's offices,
fornix months ending the 30th of June, 1862,^7,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Campbell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particular! y House
bill (No. 154) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862, and had directed him to report the same back
to the House with sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to have a separate
vote on the amendment adopted on motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] and upon
the motion to strikeout the appropriation for the
engraving of the Treasury notes. If it be stricken
out on the yeas and nays, then the Secretary of
the Treasury, in self-respect, must resign his po-
sition. I now demand the previous question on-
the third reading and engrossment of the bill.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his demand for the previous question
for awhile, to permit me to say a few words on
this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will, if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will.
The SPEAKER. Any member can have a sep-
arate vote on any amendment he will indicate.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, before the
question is taken on these amendments I desire
to say a word in regard to some of them. If the
•amendments in reference to the appropriation for
the engraving of the Treasury notes be adopted,
they will be adopted on the ground that there has
been a fraudulent contract made between the Sec-
retary ofthe Treasury and the engravers who have
engaged to furnish those notes. The result must
be that this House of Representatives, declaring
such a contract fraudulent, will force th.e Secre-
tary of the Treasury either to rest'under the im-
putation put upon him, or resign his place; and
before we adopt an amendment fraught with such
consequences, this House should pause to con-
sider the evidence upon which their action is to
be founded. There has been no other reason as-
signed, and there can be none other, for the course
which the House proposes to take than this. The
evidence upon this subject, upon which the House
is to pass its judgment, is all contained in the test-
imony of Samuel A. Hopkins, examined on the
30th of August last, before the Van Wyck inves-
tigating committee; and I propose to show what
that testimony is, and from the character of the
evidence show what the witness must have been
who delivered it.
The evidence appears to have been taken, not
for the purpose of convicting the Secretary of the
Treasury, or his assistant, of fraud, but for the
purpose of showing that Mr. Wood, then holding
the office of Commissioner of Public Buildingsana
Grounds, had been undertaking a brokerage in the
matter of contracts. That would seem to be the
ground upon which this evidence was given. The
witness says that he resides in Jersey City, and
is "engaged in no business." He became ac-
quainted with Wood in this way: he first saw him
at the Astor House in New York, where he was
