1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
greatest burdens of the railroads, in carrying the
mails, is the obligation to deliver the maiis at dis-
tances from their tracks. I desire—and I presume
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads will consent to it—to offer this
amendment, which will guard against abuse in
that respect. Add at the end of the pending
amendment:
Provided further, That said railroad companies shall not
be required to deliver said mails at any other points than at
their usual stopping places nearest the postal town, and it
shall be the duty of the pioper postmasters to deliver anil
receive the mails at such points and upon such terms for
transportation through, to, and from his office, as the Post-
master General may determine.
Mr. COLFAX. I will yield to my colleague
to offer the amendment to the amendment, but I
am opposed to it, because by the present regula-
tions of the Department, which are made law by
the authority of Congress except where they con-
travene existing laws, the railroad companies de-
liver the mails atall the post offices located within
eighty rods of the depot. Where the post offices
are located more than eighty rods from the depot,
the PostOffice Department furnish a mail messen-
ger to carry the mails. The reason of that pro-
vision is this: before the railroads were built, the
stage coaches which carried the mails Wound
around upon the road and delivered the mails at
the door of every post office. When a railroad
is built, it seeks right lines rather than State or
county roads, the suburbs of towns rather than
their centers,and leaves these post offices on one
side or the other. The Department has believed
it a fair average, that whenever they are within
eighty rods of the depot—and as every railroad
has station agents and employes—the railroads
should deliver the mails at the post offices, as they
could easily do. But where the post offices were
more than eighty rods from the post office, where
the roads are on the outskirts of a town more
than a quarter of a mile off, the Department as-
sume the labor and the extra cost themselves. I
think this is a just and equitable discrimination.
I am willing that the amendment should be of-
fered, though I am opposed to it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I will modify the
amendment by inserting after the word " town,"
the words " unless the post office is within eighty
rods of said point."
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to that, as
it is the present regulation. It is needless, how-
ever, from the fact that this bill does not change
the present regulation of the Post Office Depart-
ment. That regulation has gone into established
usage. And it will always continue, I have no
doubt.
Mr. EDWARDS. I thinktheamendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana is better
without the modification than with it, and I hope
he will not modify it as proposed, for the reason
that it leaves the contract to be made between the
railroads and the Department more simple in its
form than it will be with the modification. If the
amendment is adopted without the modification,
then all the services which the railroads will have
to perform will be to carry the mails on the route
and line of the roads.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. With the leave of
the gentleman, I will state that upon the sugges-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, I have modified my amend-
ment so as to compel the railroad companies, as
now, to deliver the mails where the post office is
within a quarter of a mile.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understand the gentle-
man's proposition precisely, but he did not under-
stand me. I prefer his amendment as he first
proposed it. I think it would be better that the
railroad companies should be required to do'only
the service on the lines of their roads.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. The gentleman had
better propose to amend it m that way, and then
he can test the sense of the House upon that
point.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move then to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, by
striking out that part of it which excepts the eighty
rods.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not in
order. There are two amendments already pend-
ing.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish, then, to say, in
relation to the amendment, that the chairman is
altogether mistaken as to the practice of railroad
companies, so far as I know, in the country where
I live. They do not perform this service by their
own agents employed to do their other business.
The public are impatient and will not wait for that.
Persons are employed by the railroads to do this
very service, to carry the mails even eighty rods.
Mr. COLFAX. I will only say in reply to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, that they can do
it if they choose, as it would take less than a hall
hour per day of one of their employes. I now
yield to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am inclined to think tlmt
some legislation is necessary for these railroads,
but.I do not know whether this bill goes far
enough. I had my trial with them when I was
Postmaster General, and I could get nobody to
legislate for me. They undertook to make the
Department yield to their demands by throwing
down the mails, and I undertook to pick them up
and'I put them on horse-back in New England,
and when the people found it out, the railroads
there had to come to terms. That is the way I
had to legislate for them.
ButI see that by this bill the CourtofClaims is
made the arbiter between the Department and the
railroads. Suppose they do not choose to abide by
the decision of the court, what then ? There you
are at the end of the rope. Ought you not to adopt
some legislation by which you can enforce its de-
cision? I throw out that suggestion.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman will find, if he
reads the bill, that it imposes a severe penalty
upon the companies if they do not abide by the
decision of the Court of Claims. What that pen-
alty should be to be effective and yet not unjust,
was our greatest trouble with this bill.
■ Mr. SHEFFIELD. I wish the gentleman from
Indiana would consent to have this bill postponed
for a few davs. It is a very important measure.
Mr. COLFAX. It has been printed for nearly
a month.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I think there may be grave
objections to some of the provisions of the bill, if
I understand it from the cursory reading I have
been able to give to it. The chairman says that it
has been on our files for a long time, and that he
presumes every member has read it. That is a
presumption, it seems to me, very much against
the fact.
Mr. COLFAX. It ought not to be. It was
printed so that every member could examine it if
he chose, before action was asked on it by the
committee.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Now, if I understand the
provisions of the bill, it authorizes the Postmaster
General, at his will, to take possession of every
railroad in the country, and to control it and run
it if he pleases in defiance of the railroad compa-
nies; and if they do not submit they are declared
guilty of misdemeanor,and maybe punished upon
conviction by a large fine. Now, I am apprehen-
sive that if the bill is passed through to-day, and
in the shape in which it now is, it will fail to ac-
complish the objcct which the gentleman desires.
We are dealing m this bill with persons who know
what their rights are and who, the gentleman may
rely upon it, will vindicate them. They will have
them judicially ascertained and determined. It
seems to me that the suggestion made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe] raises
other questions which are worthy of our consid-
eration. I will unite with the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads in
accomplishing the objcct which he desires, for it
has seemed to me for a long time that the postal
service of the country ought not to be absolutely
under the control of these corporations; but my
apprehension is that if the bill is passed in its pres-
ent shape and now, it will fail to accomplish the
object ho desires.
Mr. COLFAX. One word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, and with that I will
conclude this discussion. We have had some ex-
perience in this matter. In my own State one
railroad was offered $100 per mile by a formerPost-
master General. They refused to carry the mails ,
at that rate, believing they should have more; and I
the Postmaster General was compelled to put on
coaches alongside of the railroad, and carry the I
mails by the slow-coach system, until ai last pub- j
lie opinion along the line required the company j
to agree to carry the mails; but they still refused,
as many other railroads do, to enter into a con- j
tract. Now, if this thing goes 011 as it has been I
doing for the last two years, as so ably stated bK
Mr. Holt, and so briefly and cogently by Mt.-
Blair, the last and present Postmasters General,
the cost of railroad mail service increasing with
every year, you will have to<lo one of two things,
either to appropriate millions more out of the
Treasury to pay the new railroads for carrying
the mails, or else to double the postage in order
to keep the Department anywhere near its pres-
ent financial position. Every year the cost of the
postal service is increasing. You take off the ser-
vice in stage coaches where a railroad is built; the
railroad company demand an increased amount of
compensation, and you are compelled to give it to
them; but you cannot even then induce them to
enter into contracts. They defy you. The rail-
road companies of this country can shipwreck
the entire postal service of the country, if they
choose. I am glad that they have not done it.
But they have the power to do it any day, unless
this bill is passed.
CONFISCATION.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana will suspend. The morning hour having
expired, the special order comes up, being House
bill No. 471, to confiscate the property of rebels
for the payment of the expenses of the present
rebellion, and for other purposes; and House bill
No. 472, to free from servitude the slaves of
rebels engaged in or abetting the existing rebellion
against the Government of the United States.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not desire to set my rec-
ollection against that of the Chair, but I wish to
say that I looked at the clock when the privileged
question was disposed of, and it was exactly six-
teen minutes before one o'clock, and it now wants
twenty-five minutes to two. I was interested in
this matter, and I looked at the clock and remarked
to my colleague 011 the committee [Mr. Trow-
bridue] that the morning hour commenced at six-
teen minutes to one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair also looked at the
clock. The gentleman has occupied the floor for
forty minutes, and will be entitled to it for twenty
minutes to-morrow. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Voorhees] is entitled to the floor on the
special order.
Mr. COLFAX. I yieldofcourse to theSpeaker,
although my recollection differs from his.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, the financial
policy of a Government has always been consid-
ered by men of reflection as second only in import-
ance to national honor and national existence.
Indeed, no nation can long maintain an honorable
existence which makes an unwise or a dishonest
use of the resources of its people. It is a funda-
mental principle of constitutional liberty that the
citizen shall own and enjoy the wealth which the
labor of his hands extorts from the bosom of the
eai th, subject only to that portion which he may
justly be called upon to pay for the protection of
government and the blessings of social order. He
has this dominion oyer the fruits of his toil by di-
vine right, and when this right is invaded by the
Government, through impolicy or fraud, and the
citizen is robbed under the forms oflaw, il becomes
his highest duty to repel the invasion and resist
the wrong. In a free Government this is done
through the peaceful instrumentality of the ballot-
box, and a change in the agents of the people who
are responsible for the unnecessary oppression.
In despotisms, where the popular voice has no
weight and cannot be heard, the toiling millions,
when they can endure no more, enforce justice
with the sword. But the right to a man's own,
under all circumstances, is an inherent right, and
human nature has held it sacred in all ages, and
enforced it in every form in which the human will
can assert itself.
I have been led to these observations by what
I humbly conceive to be the unsound, false, and
ruinous system of finance which has been im-
posed upon the people of this country within the
list twelve months, and though I have not the
claims of ago or extended experience, yet 1 beg
to be candidly heard by the House and the coun-
try while I submit my views in that legard. The
wants, the wishes, the hopes, the fears, the feel-
ings, and the thoughts of the laboring classes are
all familiar to me. I was born one of them, reared
111 their midst, and partook of their toil. 1 repre-
sent such a people on this floor, and I feel my
heart swell with pride when I call to my mind the
