2266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2.1,
honest, the loyal, the intelligent, and the indus-
trious constituency whose interests and whose
equality before the law in the distribution of the
burdens of this Government shall be my theme
to-day. And with solemn reverence I here say
that as I shall prove faithful to them to the utmost
of my ability, and thus promote the true cause of
American prosperity and glory, so may God, in
His mercy, dea[ with me and mine.
Sir, during the past year we have been engaged
in a most stupendous war. It assumed, from the
first, proportions of the most horrible magnitude.
Any eye could see at the opening stages of this
conflict that the struggle of this Government to
maintain its just authority within its lawful juris-
diction was to be one of the most terrible and,
perhaps, protracted that ever shook the world.
Courage, chivalry, patriotism, devotion to the
Union and the laws, all came forward and still
stand ready in an inexhaustible quantity. The
country has glowedfrom end to end and through-
out all its vast extent with a fervid love for the
Government as our fathers made it. But, sordid
and practical as it may seem to some, one of the
main sinews ofwar is money, plain money. With-
out it armies do,not move and navies do not float,
and the purse of the nation is to be found in the
pockets of the people. Sir, in view of these facts,
what has been the course of those in authority
■since this war commenced in regard to the great
question of national .economy ? Have our re-
sources been carefully husbanded ? Have our pub-
lic moneys been strictly guarded from the hand of
the plunderer? Have our public officers been hold
to a rigid accountability in their use of the hard-
earned revenues of the country? Has financial
integrity marked the conduct of those in whom
the people placed their trust when the present Ad-
ministration came into power? Has common hon-
esty been observed by those who won their way
topopularconfidence by their fierce denunciations
of the alleged corruptions of former Administra-
tions ? I speak not as a partisan nor in the spirit
of party. I trust I can rise above all such consid-
erations; but these are questions in which the peo-
ple of all parties have a deep and overwhelming
interest,and they arequcstions, too, which all men
in every part of the country who desire an honest
administration of our public affairs are now ask-
ing with serious and startling emphasis. The
answer which must come, and of which impartial
history will make an everlasting record, is one
which bows the head and burns the cheek of every
lover of his country's good name with humilia-
tion and with shame.
Let us look calmly and carefully at a few fig-
ures, not of alluring and captivating fancy, but
figures of cold and repulsive reality. The vail
which a pleasing and hopeful sophistry weaves
around its object with which to beguile the people
into a slumbering sense of security must be torn
away. Nothing should be hid from the honest
eye of popular scrutiny. It is the duty of the
Representative to fully portray those facts of vital
importance on which the governing power of this
free country, the people, will soon be called upon
to act.
I presume, sir, that at this time no one can, with
entire accuracy, estimate the amount of our pub-
lic debt. It is one of the alarming signs of the
times that either from confusion and incapacity,
or from the shrinking dread of recognizing an
appalling tiuth, we have an unusual silence in
official quarters in regard to the extent of Govern-
ment liabilities. We arc, however, relieved in a
great measure upon that point, by the statements
which have been made from time to time on this
floor, and especially by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Stevens,] who
has a right to speak on that subject as one in
authority. Fiom that source we learn that our
expendituies have, for many months past, ex-
ceeded the enormous sum of $3,00u,000 per day.
One year's expense at this rate reaches the sum
of $1,095,000,000. That our indebtedness at this
moment is equal to that vast amount will hardly
be denied by any intelligent and candid person
who has had the opportunity to observe the pro-
fusion and recklessness with which the resources
and the credit of the Government have been used
since this most unnatural strife fell like a blight
upon the land. A little more than one year aW>
we beheld the inflamed and wrathful visage of
civil war for the first time disturb, like a baleful
comet, the peace of this Republic. Since then
battles have been fought, equal in numbers en-
gaged, in heroism of conduct, and in the ghastly
heaps of the slain, to the renowned conflicts of
ancient story. Victory, too, under an overruling;
Providence, has chosen the standard of the Gov-
ernment, and our armies are steadily penetrating
that immense scope of country in which the ban-
ner of revolt has been reared.
But assuming that the smiles of fortune will
continue to rest upon our arms, and that no re-
verses are in store for our troops, yet nothing is
plainer to the thinking mind which resolves the
future by considering the past than the fact-that
the expenses of this Government for the ensuing
year will fully equal, and most likely surpass,
what we have witnessed in the year that has just
closed. As our armies push forward their col-
umns into the distant parts of a desolated and im-
poverished and hostile country, the difficulty and
cost of their support will rapidly multiply. The
value of transportation will almost double the
price of the stores transported. There has been
much undigested and crude declamation on this
floorin regard to subsisting ourforceson the prod-
ucts of the country we invade. This, however, is
simply one of those unsubstantial theories which,
unhappily for the country, have so plentifully
abounded in this body since our national calami-
ties came upon us. All the great authors on the
art of war show its absurdity, and our own ex-
perience has already exploded it. It has already
been found that where one army has swept over
a country, but a barren reception awaits another;
and especially is this the case when a retreating
army is impelled by the strongest military reasons
to leave nothing for the subsistence of its victoin-
ous pursuer. Destruction then marks every field,
and war, with its iron-mailed hand, scourges the
bosom of nature herself into sterility. Attila,
the fierce barbarian conqueror, at the head of his
ravaging hordes, announced to affrighted Europe
that grass would never grow again where the hoofs
of his war horse had left their mark. Scarcely
less blighted will be the track of defeated and re-
treating southern armies, when no longer able to
meet us in general engagements. But little will
be left after their own wants are met, and that
little will be destroyed. Our supply trains will
have to move with ourarmies from the loyal States,
thus augmenting the public expenditures at every
step. It is safe, then, to conclude that the year
that is to come, and on which wc are just enter-
ing—the second year of the war—will swell the
indebtedness of this Government to the alarming
sum of §2,000,000,000. This amount will have
accrued about the time the toiling citizen is fairly
called upon to commence the weary task of meet-
ing its awful proportions by taxation. Itisatask,
sir, that no eye which now beholds the sun will
ever see completed. The child is not born, and
will not be for more than a hundied years, who
will escape the visits of the Federal tax-gatherer
in the incessant labors of future generations to
wear away by the steady droppings of a perpetual
tax tins mountain of debt. This is no high-
wrought or extravagant statement, but the sad
and melancholy truth,as each succeeding year of
the approaching future will but too truly bear
witness.
It is said, however, here and elsewhere through-
out the country, that we are a nation of inexhaust-
ible resources, almost fabulous wealth, and that
burdens which would cause other Governments
to reel and stagger are as light as feathers to us.
This is a pleasing tribute to our national vanity; it
sounds well in ourself-complacentears. We have
been so long exalted in happiness over all other peo-
ple, so long blessed in every enjoymentabove what
God has ever vouchsafed to any other nation, that
we are even now unwilling or unable to realize
the fact that the hand of affliction has at last fallen
upon us with a force almost as cruel as that which
visited Jerusalem when Titus was encamped be-
fore her walls. It is true, however, that we abound
in wealth. It is true that our lap has been filled
with treasure; but things in this world exist prin-
cipally by comparison. That which constituted
immense wealth a little more than a year ago, in
view of a public debt of less than fifty millions,
diminishes rapidly when brought to bear on a debt
of forty times that amount.
By the census report of 1860 we find that the
assessed value of all the real and personal prop-
erty of the entire United States, both loyal and re-
bellious, is $12,006,756,585. Thus it will be seen
that our public debt is now equal to one twelfth
of all the taxable property of the Government, and
that in one year from now it will be fiqual to one
sixth of everything the people possess. No cun-
ning and studied speeches made to mislead and
deceive can hide the naked fact that this is the peo-
ple'sdebt,andthatthey willhaveitto pay. Every
sixth acre of land, every sixth ox, every sixth
horse, every sixth sheep, every sixth hog, and
every sixth dollar, under the financial mismanage-
mentand fraud of the party now in power, will, in
oneyearfrom to-day, be covered and swallowed up
by the amount of the Government debt. It will
be equal to an interest on every taxable substance
in the land of sixteen and two thirds per cent.
Every business man knows that in the private
transactions of life such a rate of interest is the
speedy prelude to individual ruin in him who pays
it; and the nation on which such a weight is im-
posed is on the brink of overwhelming bankruptcy.
In this estimate it will be seen that I have taken
the figures of the census report as they were made
when the unruffled calm of peace and prosperity
gave to property its highest value. To what ex-
tentthe ravages of war have~depreciated this value
it is impossible to calculate; but thatthe property
of the people of the United States is to-day worth
more than two thirds of what it was one year ago,
will not be pretended; and to the extent of that
depreciation is the proportion which the public
debt bears to it increased.
But again. By the census report from which I
have just quoted we find that the population of the
United States in the year 1860 was a little more
than thirty millions. Of this population aboutfive
millions are voters. A moment's calculation in
the simplest rules of arithmetic shows that each
individual voter of these five millions is in debt
to-day §200 on account of his proportion of the
national expenses, and that one year hence he will
be in debt §400 on the same account. The lia-
bility of my own great State of Indiana, accord-
ing to the rule of taxation which has been enacted
against her by the present Congress, will be -
§100,000,000, of which enormous sum the people
of the district which I have the honor to repre-
sent will stand charged with something over twelve £
millions of dollars.
Where, sir, in all the dreary history of profli-
gate nations were ever such burdens as these im-
posed on the shoulders of any people in so short
a time? The mourning children of Israel, cap-
tives in the brick-yards of Egypt, were scarcely
more slaves to their Egyptian masters than the
American people will be to the constant demands
and exactions of the national debt. It will come
upon them like the lean and hungry kine rising
from the river of Pharoah's dream to devour the
well-favored and fat-fleshed cattle of all the land.
Tell me notof the blessingsofa publicdebt. That
cry is simply the cheat and the falsehood by which
men who have abused their authority seek to cover
up the outrages which they have inflicted on a
confiding people. It is as old, too, as crime in
high places, or the principle of base cupidity in
the heart of man. The Pharisees of Jerusalem
over their hoarded gains, the kings of Babylon on
their couches of gold, Alexander at his gorgeous
banquets, the Sultan in the midst of his soft dal-
liancies of expensive love, corrupt, effeminate
Roman senators in their villas of marble magnifi-
cence, the Bourbons of France surrounded by the
splendors of the Tuilleries, the Stuarts of England
clinging to their maxims of kingcraft, lustful ty-
rants,debauched princes, and dishonest statesmen
of all ages and every clime have all talked wisely
and profoundly of the sweets and comforts which
flow to the people from that fountain of bitter
waters—a great public debt. If they can convince
thepeople that this monstrous heresy isritcht, then
all check and restraint on extravaganceand waste-
ful indulgence at once are withdrawn, and avarice
and corruption are left free to prey with un'oridlod
license on the substance of the nation. It is alarm-
ing, sir, that this fatal doctrine is found creeping
into the debates of the American Congress. Has
it come to this? Has this great nation, so famed
for its wealth and pecuniary responsibility, been
driven so soon to seek refuse in the mischievous
principle that it is a national benefit to be sunk in
indebtedness? It becomes the people, before it is
loo late, to arouse themselves against this baleful
