8226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
son assigned. I stated the fact to be so in answer
to iho statement of the Senator from Indiana; but
that was not the reason for the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. However, I will proceed, and I
will soon come to a close. I am no military man.
1 do not pretend to have any military capacity or
knowledge. I know something of results. 1
know a defeat from a victory. I know, further,
that there ought not to be any discqrd or want of
confidence between the Secretary of War and the
eommandcr-in-chief and the President, and that
they all ought to be endeavoring to uphold each
other and the confidence which the country and
the army hav.e in each of them. I am not able to
give any reason upon facts for the expression of
this confidence, but I have full confidence in Gen-
eral McClellan, and I have confidence in General
Halleck, and I do not believe there is a man in
the Army of the United States who has pioved
himself, by his achievements in the field and his
management of armies, fit to be at the head of such
a vast army as these two generals have been and
are now commandmg, excepting those two gen-
erals themselves. Ourarmiesheretoforehave been
eight thousand, ten thousand, fifteen thousand,
twenty thousand. I believe twenty thousand was
a greater army than was ever under tile command
of a single officer of the United States until this
rebellion. The Duke of Wellington was asked,
when he was in the British ministry, how many
men there were in Europe who could handle prop-
erly one hundred thousand men. With all his
experience in India, in the Peninsular war, in
Belgium, and his final triumph at Waterloo, he
said there was but one man in Europe who could
handle an army of that magnitude. It is not at
all remarkable that our best and our ablest com-
manders should have exhibited some mistakes and
some blunders when they were suddenly placed
in command of such lar^e musses of men. I have
confidence, I say, in General McClellan. That
confidence is unbroken. 1 may aiisplace that con-
fidence, and he may not be worthy of it.
As to my confidence, it is a matter of no con-
sideration; but as to the confidence of the Presi-
dent and of the country and of the Senate, they
are matters of much and of serious import; and if
General McClellan is not worthy of thatconfidence
Ins incompetency ought to be revealed, and he
ought to bo removed from his command. If that
ia to be his fate, let it be so; but 1 do not believe
that it will so turn out.. We all learn that his army,
rank and file, have for him the strongest attachment
and confidence. 1 am in possession of the facts,
as the whole country is, in relation to his military
operations from the time that his right Hank oil
the Chickahominy was attacked, from the time
that he commenced his maneuver of removing that
right flank to foirn Ins left upon the James river;
mid I mil m possession of the facts that attended
his fulling back, not his defeats, InH his successful
falling bnelc from before Richmond against the on-
set of a force twice the number of his own army
to Harrison's Lauding; and according to my poor
judgment there is no man in America that in all
these operations, so arduous and difficult, taxing
to the utmost his military resources, and also the
courage, the constancy, and" the heroism of his gal-
lant army, who could have accomplished that re-
treat, if you bo call it, in a more masterly manner
than General McClellan did. There was no defeat
or demoralization of his army. Whenever it was
so pressed upon by the rebels, so greatly supermi-
ni numbers, it beat tliem back, and he pursued
without any rout, hut in order, his march to the
place that he had previously selected and marked
out at which to make his stand. When he got it
well into position,and was ready again to receive
the assaults of the enemy, he addressed a short
encouraging, and model proclamation to his un-
eonquerud army, ill which he declares that lie will
yet march them to Richmond, and that the Con-
stitution shall he preserved.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, it was not my purpose to engage in this de-
bate, for I deplore it. 1 believe it is of no advant-
age to the country; but theSenator from Kentucky
has made some ^statements to-day that I think
ought not to be allowed to pass without a word or
two from me. It has so happened that, as chaii-
man of the Military Committee,! have been called
to the War Office and had duties to perform there
nearly every day of this session, and I say here, ,
without hesitation or qualification, that J think the !!
Senator from Kentucky is entirely mistaken in
what he has said of the action of the Secretary-of
War towards General McClellan.- Idonotbeheve
that the Secretary of War has ever engaged, with
the President or with anybody else, in any in-
trigue for General McClellan's removal from the
Army.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not charge it on the Pres-
ident.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator said something of the President—about the
influence of the President, or something of that
kind. I do not wish to misrepresent the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I spoke of an intrigue to induce
the President to do it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think my
means of information are such that if any move-
ment of that kind had been on foot, I should have
known it, and to-day is the first time I have ever
heard any statement of that kind. The statement
that the Secretary of War habitually indulges in
disparaging remarks of General McClellan I do
not think is correct. The Secretary of War car-
ried into that office great zeal, great industry, an
earnest determination to use all the military power
of the nation to suppress this rebellion as speedily
as possible; and I have no doubt that movements
which he regarded to be slow and dilatory of some
of our generals in the field met with some censure
at his hands; and lie is, perhaps, sometimes too
quick and too impetuous, but 1 believe that, take
day by day, and week by week, and month by
month, his conversation and his action have been
to sustain and uphold not only General McClellan
but every other general in the field. I think that
he has shown an earnest determination in that di-
rection. There was a difference m regaid to the
movement upon Richmond. There was a differ-
ence in the Cabinet; there was a difference among
military men; there was a difference among civil-
ians.
I understand that there were three plans to go to
Richmond. One, I think, originated with General
Rosecranz, and that was to make the movement
down the Shenandoah valley, because it was a rich
valley, which had not then been overrun, and could
furnish large supplies for the army in marching
on Richmond, and then it would approach Rich-
mond from the right direction, tli rowing the enemy
towards the tidewater. 1 understand the Secre-
tary of War believed that to be the best mode to
go to Richmond. There was another plan, to go
to Fredericksburg, on the Rappahannock, and
move on Richmond in that direction, nearly all the
forces moving on that line, which, while it assailed
Richmond, protected Washington. Then there
was what I understand to be General McClellan's
movement, which was the movement finally adopt-
ed, to go to the peninsula and to move on Rich-
mond in that direction. I know there were a great
many men who believed that not to be the best
movement, and they honestly entertained that
opinion. They are confirmed in it now; but in
entertaining that opinion they did not attack Gen-
eral McClellan, nor intend to attack or impeach
his loyalty or his ability.
1 say this simply becauso I believe I ought to
say it, for it is my conviction and my judgment,
111 reply to the observations which theSenator from
Kentucky has seen fit to make. I have no doubt
the Senator from Kentucky believes the statements
he has made are substantially correct. I think he
has been misinformed, and that if the real facts
could go out to the country, they would be very
different from what he has stated.
Now, sir, in regard to this vote, as I am upon
the floor, I will simply say that I will vote for this
resolution with no intention either to defend the
Secretary of War or attack the Secretary of War,
to defend General McClellan or attack General
McClellan. As the subject has been introduced,
I believe the information can do no harm to the
country, and perhaps it may disabuse some erro-
neous prejudices and opinions that exist. It has
been called for, and I do not think it would look
well to vote it down. I hope we shaft have the
vote at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I ask that it be read as it
now stands. ^
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resoled, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to tarnish for the use of tile Senate all orders of l!ie
Executive to Major General George B. McClellan,relative
to the advance of the army of the Potomac upon Richmond,
and all coi respondent between the said General George
B. McClellan and the Executive, including that with' the
War Department, not inconsistent with the public interests,
fiom the date of the President's General Ordei No. I, Jan-
uaiy 27jJ862, to the 1st day of July, 1862; likewise the
numerical foice of the army of the Potomac as shown by
the morning rolls on the 1st days of November and De-
cember, 1861, and January, Fobruaiy, Maich, and July,
1862; the number of tioops winch General McClellan took
to F^itress Monroe, the number at Fortress Monroe, and
the number of reinforcements supplied luin up to and in-
cluding the 25tH day of June, and that at the date of the
departure of General McClellan for the peninsula; how
many tioops were under General Fremont hi Western Vir-
ginia, under General Banks in the valtey of Virginia, what
number was in front of Washington or between it and the
Rappahannock, and witbin the intrenclimeots of Washing-
ton and in and aiound Washington, and what number of
effective troops were actually in setvice under General
McClellan in his engagements on the peninsula and before
Richmond.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that after the
words, "President of the United States," in the
first line, be inserted the clause, " if in his judg-
ment it be not incompatible with the public in-
terest."
Mr. CHANDLER. It is there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not there.
Mr. CHANDLER. If theSenator had paid
attention, lie would have known that it was there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have given my direct
attention to tho resolution, and I beg to say that
the clause in a subsequent part of the resolution
does not apply to the first part. I read it, afld I
listened to the reading, and listened on purpose
to give my attention. The clause which is in the
resolution does not apply to the first part of it at
all, but applies simply to tho amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator thinks so,
that clause may be placed where he wishes it in-
stead of where it is. I intended it to cover the
whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. After the word "Presi-
dent," insert the words, " if not in his judgment
incompatible with the public interests," and then
strike out what is said about the public interests
in another portion of the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept that modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be made as suggested by the Senator
from Wisconsin, the modification having been ac-
cepted by the Senator from Michigan,the mover
of the resolution. The question is on the resolu-
tion as modified.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—iVIessrs. Browning, Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Fessorulon, Grimes, Hale,
flatlan FJairis, IIender>on, Uowaid, Howe, Kennedy,Kins,
Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell. Sherman, Smi-
inun-N, Si<uk, Sumriei, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson AVilluv, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wil-
son of Missouri—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Foster,Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dougall, Saulsbury, and Wright—6.
So the resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint res-
olutions of the Senate:
A bill (No. 119) confirming aland claim in the
State of Iowa, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (No. 78) to suspend all pay-
ments under the act approved 25th March, 1862,
entitled " An act to secure to the officers and men
actually employed in the Western department, or
department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pension," and for other purposes; a«d
A joint resolution (No. 82) to provide for the
presentation of " medals of honor" to the enlisted
JTien of the Army and volunteer forces, who have
distinguished or may distinguish themselves in
battle during the present rebellion.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tions; in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (No. 511) to.amend an act entitled "An
act to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale
of the publiclands in theUnited States,"approved
May 30, 1862;
A joint resolution (No. 81) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to expend from a fund in the
United States Treasuiy, belonging to the Winne-
bago Indians, the sum of $50,000, or so much
