1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
288
always found great difficulty arising from cour-
tesy in relaxing the rules of the House. I find it
so m this instance in withdrawing the previous
question, for the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Oi.iv] has made a speech against sustaining the
previous question, and nothing else.
Now, it is not for me to say that the previous
question shall be sustained. If the House is not
already surfeited with debate upon a bill which
we shall not get through with this week unless we
sustain the previous question, let them vote down
the call for it. I have no responsibility in the
matter except to try to get the business of the
country through the House, and that I intend to
do.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not intend to pursue
this subject further, so far as the Secretary of the
Treasury is concerned. I now desire to dispel the
equally unjust aspersion that has been attempted
to bo cast upon the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury by the assertion that there is evidence,
in this testimony taken before the committee, that
Mr. Harrington had promised Ormsby from day
to day that he should have notice so that he might
compete for this work.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I must decline to yield fur-
ther. Patience has an end sometimes after having
done her " perfect work." I say, sir, that this
business of giving out contracts is too often man-
aged in a way that most of us have seen here.
There is a horde of irresponsible contractors about
this capital, investing every Department of the
Government, who insist upon receiving contracts
upon the ground that they are the lowest bidders,
and will do the work cheaper than anybody else;
but who never propose to do the work for which
they offer at all, or to furnish the material—pro-
visions, clothing, arms, or whatever else it may
be—for which they propose to contract. They
rely upon political influence and personal impor-
tunity, persecuting the contracting officers of the
Government until they wring out of their unwill-
ing hands a contract of some description, and the
next you hear of the contract it is hawked about
the streets for sale, to be purchased by some man
competent to perform it, who will give a bonus to
these miserable contractors. I undertake to say,
from the evidence before this committee, that that
was the way in which Ormsby, with his man
Hopkins, sought to obtain this contract for print-
ing the bonds and notes of the Government. He
went there, as the witness states, not to offer pro-
posals, not showing that he was a competent and
responsible person to do the business, but he went
there armed with extractsfrom newspapers to con-
vict this American Bank Note Company of some-
thing which should exclude them from competi-
tion, thatthen he might get the contract. He says
himself that he went there with extractsfrom the
newspapers, showing that they, the American
company, had been engaged in printing for the
southern confederacy. Now, that is not the way
in which a straightforward, honest contractor goes
before the Department; that is not the way it is
done. Hopkins, speaking of Ormsby, says:
" He had a promise from Harrington foi three 01 four
days or more, that the question was to lie taken up, and
considered evciy day, and that we would be heaul upon
the subject.51
This is evidence, says the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, by the testimony of a witness who
knoivs that Harrington made such a promise.
Now, even Hopkins docs not pretend to say that
Harrington said that to him, or in his presence. He
says Ormsby " had this promise" from Harring-
ton. How docs he know? Why Ormsby told
him so; thisconfederate in seeking for Government
plunder told him that Harrington had represented
from day to day that this matter would be taken
up.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow me
to reply to him, 1 will not interrupt htm.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The House will allow
that.
Mr. SEDGWICK. For my part, I have no
care how far this debate is prosecuted—whether
for a day or for a week, or until everybody is
satisfied, as I hope they will be when this evidence
is placed in their hands, that there is no eaithly
foundation for any imputation whatever, upon the
Secretary or the Assistant Secretary, or upon the
company with whom the contract was made; for
I tell you that throughout this testimony there is
not one single word of reliable proof to convict
anybody connected with the American Bank Note
Company, that has the contract for this engraving,
of using any corrupt, or underhand means, or
any art or contrivance to get that contract at an
exorbitant price, or at a price beyond what the
work is fairly- worth.
You will see that these charges are made in the
absence of any knowledge whatever on the part
of the House as to what this contract really is;
indeed, sir, we do not know whether one single
dollar of the sum asked to be appropriated is to
go to the engravers of the plates and the printers
of the notes, because, as has been stated, this
work of getting out these notes, under the acts that
are referred to, is in the hands, not only of the
engravers, but of a multitude of employes, who
are in the office of the Secretary, whose wages are
to be paid for signing the notes, for cutting them,
for numbering them, for registering them, and for
all the other work connected with the issue of this
large quantity of Treasury notes. The wholq,
$150,000, for aught I know, is to be paid to em-
ployes here at Washington, in regard to whose
employment and wages no question whatever
could be raised. Wo are acting blindly and in ig-
norance in regard to all these matters, and the
complaint I make against the committee is that
their examination is superficial. I hold that when
a high officer of the Government is charged with
corrupt practices, as Mr. Harrington is attempted
to be by the evidence brought here by the com-
mittee, it is but common justice and courtesy that
they should call upon him under his official oath,
and upon his honor as a man and a gentleman,
to explain whatever suspicion may be cast upon
him by the evidence of any such irresponsible
witnesses as this man Hopkins. Here is the in-
justice of this whole proceeding, that you should
pronounce judgment before you have heard the
accused, or taken any testimony that he might
offer upon the subject.
Now, this I say, that there is not one particle
of evidence, except the hearsay of Hopkins from
Ormsby, that Harrington ever conducted himself
as this witness would make him appear to have
conducted himself.
Mr. HICKMAN. I hope the gentleman from
New York will allow me to ask him a question
which I think ought to be propounded,and which
1 think the gentleman ought to answer?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Certainly.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the gentleman whether
he does not know that there is a firm in Philadel-
phia—Ball, Spencer & Co.—abundantly able to
take this contract and conform to the stipulations of
the contract; and whether any notice was given to
that firm, or to any other firm of bank note engrav-
ers out of the city of New York? I think agreat
deal depends upon satisfying this House that due
diligence was used by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in awarding this contract; and 1 propound this
question to him in good faith, desiring, so far as
I can, to sustain the views of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. SEDGWICK. In reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] I have this to
say, that I have no knowledge of the subject to
which he refers, but if he suggests that there is
such a company in Philadelphia I will assume it
to be a fact. Whether or not they had notice in
reference to this contract I have no knowledge or
information whatever, nor has the House any
knowledge or information. As to whether the
Secretary of the Treasury did or did not send pro-
posals to every competent engraving company in
the United States I do not know.
Mr. HICKMAN. It is proved that he only sent
to two.
Mr. SEDGWICK. No, sir; it is not proved
that notice was only sent to two, I will show to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania what there is
on that subject. It all depends on the evidence
of this same creature, Hopkins, who says;
"I found on inquiry at the proper office, (whether that
was the olhce of VViliardN hotel, or the office of the Com-
missioner of Public Jlin!diny3, does not appear,) that a Cir-
cular had been issued h\ the Ti ''a-nrv Depmtincnt to the
National Bank Note Company ami to tile American Bailie
Note Company.asking them to submit spccimensofTreas-
uiy notes and bonds according to accompanying specifica-
tions."
So that the witness does not undertake to say
whether or not such notice was sent to the bank
note company to which he refers, and to all other
bank note companies in the country.
What I say in regard to this whole matter is,
that it is cruel and unjust to condemn any party
to this contract, whether in office or out of office,
and to convict them in this sidewise manner of
making a fraudulent contract; and thus impeach-
ing their reputation on no evidence whatever—as-
suming that there is a fraud, because the Secre-
tary of the Treasury does not, when he sends his
estimates to this House, accompany them, with
affidavits and proofs that he has not cheated in
making the contracts, for which he submits his
estimates.
Now, I am disposed to assume in reference to
this, as in reference to all other public transac-
tions, that high and responsible officers of the
Government do their duty, and I will not impeach
them of fraud or of any improper practice unless
there is evidence presented to me different from
the evidence of Samuel A. Hopkins. I insist that
when the report of this evidence is brought before
the House, as I trust it will be, so that every mem-
ber may have a copy of it sometime or other—
when that evidence is brought before the House,
and is accessible to members—itwill show on how
baseless a foundation all this charge of fraud in
reference to this contract rests. There is no proof
whatever to convict them or to convict those bank
note companies of any fraud in that regard.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I would willingly yield
the floor to that gentleman or to any other gen-
tleman, as I have concluded what I desired to say;
but under the engagement which I made to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I cannot do so. I
must move the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will not
move the previous question.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I cannot do otherwise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns to-
day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN withdrew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I want to ask the gentleman
from New York or the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania ifitis exactly fair treatment to shut off reply
by moving the previous question? I have no doubt
that the gentleman from New York, if left to him-
self, would willingly withdraw the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that my friend will not
cut off all debate in this way.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question was taken on seconding the previ-
ous question; and the House refused to second it.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man yield for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. DAWES. I yield for that purpose.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. GUIS PI ELD asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from the files of the House the
memorial of P. W. Crane and another, adminis-
trators, and have it referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of
Illinois, (at live minutes past fouro'clock, p. in.,)
the House adjourned till Monday next at twelve
o'clock. 
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 13, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was road and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Treasurer of the United States,
transmitting his accounts with the United States
for the third and fourth quarters of 1860, and the
first and second quarters of 1861; which was, on
