286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
motion of Mr. Fessenden, ordered to lie on the
table.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, communicating
in obedience to a joint resolution of Congress,
approved July 24, 1861, a copy of the report of
the board of examiners appointed to examine the
iron steam battery now building at Hoboken,
New Jersey; which was, on motion of Mr. Foot,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, statements showing balances of ap-
propriations to the credit of that Department for
the year 1860, and the expenditures of appropri-
ation made for 1861, including the amount carried
to the surplus fund, and the balances remaining
on hand June 30, 1861; winch, on motion of Mr.
Wilson, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
ftom the Secretary of State in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate of the JOth instant, in ielation
to the number, names, and icsidences of ail con-
suls and commercial agents appointed under the
act of August 2, 1861; which, on motion of Mr.
Foot, was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of July 29, 1861, in relation to
the payments under the act of Congress, passed
March 28,1848, for the relief of the heirs of John
Paul Jones; which was, on motion of Mr. Foot,
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate copies of la ws of
the Territory of New Mexico, passed by the Le-
gislative Assembly during the session of 1860-61;
oik' copy of which was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, Litchfield county, ConnrUicut,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country, and that provision may be made by
law for calling on all the inhabitants of the Uni-
ted States, of all conditions, bond and five, to aid
in the support of the Government, and for pro-
claiming " liberty throughout all the land, unto
all the inhabitants thereof;5' which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial from
citizens of the city of New Yoik, which is called
a protest against the appointment of a solicitor of
customs, in winch they say that "they have
learned, with astonishment, of the proposition to
create an additional expensive department in the
Fedeial service in the city of New York, and to
divide the law business of the Government m this
district between two sets of officers." I do not
know to which committee this should go; I pre-
sume the matter would natmally go belore the
Committee on Commerce. 1 ask the reference of
the menioiiul to that committee.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Hopkmton, Massachusetts j praying for the ab-
olition of slavery, and that provision may be made
by law for calling on all the inhabitants of the
United States, bond and free, to aid m the support
of the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Sharon, Massachusetts, and a petition of citizens
of Milford, Massachusetts, praying for the total
abolition of slavery throughout the country undei
the war power, with compensation to loyal mas-
ters; which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of Charlotte
Crane, of Richmond county, New York, widow
of lchabod 13. Crane, colonel of the first regiment
of artillery, United States Army, praying for a
pension; which was leferrcd to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of cit-
izens of Michigan, praying for the abolition of
slavery, and that provision may be made by law
for calling on all the inhabitants of the United
States, bond and free, to aid in the support of the
Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr, HOWE. I have three petitions from mem-
bers of the bar in the State of Wisconsin, repre-
senting that the statute law and practice of the
States of Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota, arc
very similar; that the trade and commorce between
the citizens of those States, by means of railroads
extending to Lake Michigan, is extensive and
constantly increasing; and praying that those
three States may be formed into a judicial circuit
by themselves. As the subject-matter of this pe-
tition has been acted on by the committee, I move
that it lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying that homoeopathic surgeons
may be eligible to at least one eighth of the sur-
gical appointments in the Army and Navy; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of Hugh
Ii. Howard, praying for a pension); which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of the
Mayor and City Council of Portland, Maine, pray-
ing for the establishment of one or moie national
founderiesfor the casting of large ordnance; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented three petitions
from citizens of Madison county, Illinois,praying
for the abolition of slavery in the revolted States,
and remuneration to loyal masters in those States
for the loss of their slaves; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Illinois
composing the German Farmers' Club of Kick-
apoo, praying that of the Patent Office reports,
mechanical and agiieultural, thirty thousand of
each may be printed in the German language;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
FK15NC1I SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
114) to provide forthe ascertainment and satisfac-
tion of claims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the 31st day of
July, 1801, usually known as the French spolia-
tions bill, have had the same under consideration,
and have directed me to report. The committee
did not entertain any doubt with regard to the
validity of these claims which have been so often
affirmed in this body; but they were unwilling to
make any recommendation ot action with refer-
ence to them at this session, owing to the present
condition of affairs in our country. Tiiey have
accordingly directed me to report the bill back to
the Senate, with a recommendation thatits further
consideration be postponed to the next session of
Congress.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
DHtfENSIIS Off WASHINGTON.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Committee
on Mihtaiy Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (II. R. No. 165) making ail ap-
propriation for completing the defenses of Wash-
ington, to report it back with a recommendation
that if. pass, and if there be no objection I should
like to have the bill put on its passage now.
Mr. KING. Let us hear it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read for information.
The bill was lead. It proposes to appropriate
$150,000 for completing the defenses of Wash-
ington.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to considei
the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope that before we act finally
upon this bill, we shall have some information as
to what other defenses than those now existing
there is necessity for. I do not like to vote for a
bill appropriating $150,000- unless I can know
that it is necessary to appropriate that money. I
doubt whether it is necessary to appropriate any
money further for the defense of Washington,
j which I think is now in as safe aconditionas any
! part of the land.
Mr. WILSON. That seemed to be the impres-
sion of the committee when the bill was first re-
ferred to them, but on inquiry it was found that
most of this money had already been expended,
and that it was necessary to pass the bill m order
to fulfill engagements already made. The greater
portion of this expense has already^been incurred;
persons have been employed and the necessary
munitions have been provided. We must pay for
them. We have quite a number of men as labor-
ers employed now, and of course we should not
think of discharging them without paying them.
I think this appropriation of $150,000 will pay the
expenses already incurred, and perfect and com-
plete all that is required.
Mr. PEARCE. In that case the only objection
I should have to the bill would be that its form
docs not disclose its true purpose. As we read
the bill, we would suppose that the appropriation
was intended for the erection of further defenses,
whereas from the explanation of the chairman of
the committee I understand it is really an appro-
priation to defray expenditures on work done. I
think the bill ought to present that form.
Mr. KING. I was opposed to the report in
favor of this bill, and I am opposed to its passage.
My objection to the bill is very much like that
stated by the Senator from Maryland. As much
of this money as is wanted for the payment of
laborers who have already been at work on these
fortificationsmustbeappropriatedandpaid. That
fact does not appear on the face of the papers; but
I would not expend an additional cent on the for-
tifications of Washington. In my opinion, the
best defense for Washington is the destruction of
our enemies where they can be found—at a dis-
tance from Washington. There is a report from
the War Department, communicating to Congress
a letter fioni the engineer, respecting this bill. I
ask that it be read. It does not disclose, in my
judgment, a sufficient reason why the bill should
pass.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department, December 11, 1861.
Hir: I have the honor to tiansniit herewith a copy of a
lettei of Bngadier General J. G. Barnard, chief engineer or
the Army ot the Potomac, setting forth the necessity for
an early appropriation of $150,000 for "completing the
defenses ot Washington."
In view of tiie urgency of the case, as expressed by the
Commanding General ot the Army in his indorsement sub-
mitting the letter to this Department, I commend it to the
eaily and favoiable action of Congress.
Verv re&noctfullv,
SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Si £aki:r of the Home of Representatives.
Office of Chief Engineer,
Army ok the Potomac, December 7, 1861.
Gkneral: 15y letter of the 6th 1 requested that an imme-
diate appropriation of $150,000 be asked for " completing
the defenses of Washington."
I mentioned in that letter that our defensive system, thus
far, consisted of about forty-eight works, mounting over
three hundred guns, some of which are of very large size;
and I may add that the actual defensive perimeter occu-
pied is about thirty-five miles, exceeding the length of the
famous (and hitherto the most extensive foitified byextem-
ponzed field works) lines of Torres Vedias by several miles.
The amount which has been expended will not, therefore,
considering the pressure under whichthe works have been
built, appear extravagantly large.
I now remaik, that m asking for the sum of $150,000 for
<•' completing the defenses of Washington," I have mmmd
the tact that many of the works have been thrown up m
the very face ot tiie enemy and are deficient in piofile,und
in manyothej respects the system require^ auxiliary woiks
to complete it, which it will piobably be deemed advisable
to undertake early in the spung.
For this iea&on I have asked the sum of $150,000, but it
is hkel> that the works now in hand and for which payments
mint he made this month, will requue moie than the balance
remaining available. Hence the necessity of an immediate
appiopixation.
i am, veiy lespectfully, your obedient servant,
J. G. BARNARD,
Jirigadier General, Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.
Major General G. B. McClellan,
Commander-iv-Chiej, Commanding Jinny of the Potomac.
[Indorsement.]
Respectfully referred to the Hon. Simon Cameron, Sec-
retary of War, with the uigent request that the necessary
steps mav be taken to secure this appropriation.
GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,
Major General Commanding.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill, by
adding, as a proviso:
Provided, That the arrearages of all debts already incurred
shall first be paid out of this sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether 1 understood
the reading of the bill aright, that a considerable
portion of the sum appropriated by the bill is
