2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
have been paid for the services of one man for less than six
months at a time of such distress as this, and appeal to your
own people and ask them to come forward and put their
hands in their pockets and their shoulders to the wheel and
forward this ear? Sir, I do not know what other men may
do; I cannot; I dare not. I should expect the finger ot
scorn from thehut of poverty to point me outas reckless and
faithless for beinghere a member of the Senate, in this hour
of our country's peril, if I had failed to rebuke profligacy in
the expenditure of the-public fhoney, let it be when and
where it may."
Again, this Senator exclaims, from his exten-
sive knowledge of the management of our affairs:
"I do not know but T may over estimate, entirely over
estimate, the character of this transaction; but I tell you,
sir, 1 believe, and 1 declare it upon my responsibility as a
Senator of the United States, that the liberties of this coun-
try are in greater danger to-day from the corruptions and
from the profligacy practiced in the various Departments of
this Government than it is from the open enemy in the
field."
Sir, I might here pause and dwell upon this ter-
rible accusation, coming from a quarter so high
and so fully entitled to credit. A hostile army has
been for a year in sight of this Capitol. Treason
has usurped by far the largest portion of the ter-
ritory of the United States; our rivers have been
turned to blood; our mountains have become Gol-
gothas; our valleys are the burial places of our
first-born, slain in battle; the wail of mothers,
wives, and daughters goes up from one ocean to
the other as the voice of Rachel weeping for her
children, and refusing to be comforted because
they are not; the very sun above our heads seems
vailed in mourning over the funeral sorrows of this
once happy people; and yet, in the midst of these
thickening signs of national calamity, it is an-
nounced by a Senator who helped to place this
Administration in power, and emphasized by an
appeal to his senatorial honor, that a more deadly
evil than them all combined is now assaulting the
existence of the Government—" that the liberties
of this country are in greater danger to-day from
the corruptions and from the profligacy practiced
in the various Departments of this Government
than it is from the open enemy in the field." Sir,
I call upon the people of all ranks and conditions
in life, of every parly, of every creed, and of every
faith, to give ear to this warning, and to defend
themselves at the great tribunal of the ballot-box
against wrongs so wicked, oppression so inhu-
man, crimes so revolting. I abhor treason; my
soul has never sympathized with the designs of a
traitor to the Constitution of my country; I would
stand here and consume all my time in denuncia-
tion of the fatal doctrine of secession and all its
deplorable consequences, if any result would thus
be accomplished; but when I And proven offenses
in our own midst of sufficient enormity to pros-
trate any nation that ever had aplace on the pages
of history, if not speedily checked, I see not why
I should pass them by, in order to discuss a sub-
ject on which there is no diversity of opinion.
I have not, however, completed my proof of the
charge which I make of general and wide-spread
fraud in the management of the financial concerns
of the Government. There is one dark chupter
more to which 1 wish to call the attention of the
House and the country. I allude to the melan-
choly history of the military department of the
West, as written by the committee on war claims,
at the city of St. Louis. Would to God that this
Republic could have been spared this additional
and most bitter cupofshame! The rcportofthis
committee is so extraordinary, so utterly amaz-
ing in its monstrous revelations of lawlessness,
and ficrcc, devouring cupidity, that the mind al-
most refuses a belief in its statements. I venture
to assert that it is without a parallel in the re-
corded transactions of any nation on the face of
the civilized earth. But painful and humiliating
as the facts therein contained are to every man
who loves the punty of our national name, yet the
characterof the gentlemen who compose that com-
mittee, eminent alike for their ability, their patri-
otism, and their integrity, together with the clear
and unquestioned evidence on which they base
their report, rivet the belief in every candid mind
that the simple truth has been conscientiously
told. There is no escape from this damning ex-
posure. Its light is as scorching, withering, as the
hot blasts of the simoon of the desert. It will not
do for gentlemen on the opposite side of the Cham-
ber to attempt by studied silence to ignore its ex-
istence. It is not a document to be treated in
that way. It emanates from a sourcQ of the high-
est responsibility. It is the work of honest, faith-
ful labor. No malice from personal griefs or po-
litical rivalry can be charged against it. Let us
see then how so fair, so able a report deals with
the idol to which a great party has linked its sink-
ing fortunes. I can quote but enough to show the
general license and corruption which prevailed.
My time forbids more than this.
In July, 1861, General Fremont, surrounded
by his personal and political favorites, gathering
from the Atlantic sea-board and the coast of the
Pacific, like vultures to their prey, assumed the
command of the western department, with the
rank of major general, and established his head-
quarters at the city of St. Louis. He at once pro-
ceeded to inaugurate a system in the purchase of
military supplies, of which the committee speak,
as follows:
" This system, alike fatal to the pecuniary interests of the
Government and the morality of the service, was not con-
fined to tents, but extended to every portion of the field, of
army supplies which was sufficiently fruitful to attract the
avarice of this class of men. Honest mechanics who had
tents for sale, merchants who hart supplies which the Gov-
ernment needed, and men from the country offering horses
and mules were turned from the quartermaster's office with-
out a conference, and driven down into the meshes of the
' middle men,' to become, in common with the Govern-
ment, a prey to their rapacity."
Starting with such a system, each day's practice
under it was a new page of corruption. Whether
in fortifying St. Louis, at a dead loss to the Gov-
ernment of §250,000, or in the infinite folly of
building a worthless pontoon bridge at Paducah,
at another loss of $125,000; whether in order-
ing the construction of railroad cars, at a loss of
$75,000, or in the purchase of forage, by which
$100,000 was plundered from the people; whether
m the purchase of arms, of clothing, the building
of boats, the purchase of horses, mules, and their
equipments, the rent of houses, of barracks, of
steamboats, the use of railroads and the telegraph
lines, in all, in everything, everywhere, all pervad-
ing and omnipresent fraud of the boldest and most
audacious character is discovered and dragged to
light by the labors of this committee. It is not,
sir, poor, pitiful, sneaking fraud, but fraud of gi-
gantic dimensions,and of a daring, satanicaspect.
It is fraud such as a corrupt and aspiring consul
of Rome might commit in some distant and opu-
lent province, when he cast his ambitious and
longing gaze upon the imperial purple. It is fraud
such as has marked the career in all ages of those
who entertained the usurper's designs against the
liberties of their country. That I do not state this
case too strongly, let the following extracts from
the report before me bear witness:
"The most stupendous contracts, involving an almost
unprecedented waste of the public money, were given out
by him ^General FrSmont] in person to favorites, over the
heads ot the honest and competent officers appointed by
law. It seemed to be his purpose to present himself as the
embodiment of political and military power, and to show
alike by his voids and his conduct how little he depended
upon the Government of his country, and how utterly he
disregaided its laws, its regulations, and its policy. Of
course such an example could not be otherwise than con-
tagious. The whole frame-work of the political and mili-
tary systems, as organized by law, was embraced, and dis-
order and criminal insubordination everywhere prevailed.
There could be no obedience when the general of the de-
partment openly taught and practiced lesistancetothelaws
as a right, if not a duty. There could be no economy where
the general exposed himself continually to imputations of
laboring in his great ofhoe to feed the greed of his follow-
ers lor gain. lie occupied, with his family and several
members of his stalT, a marble palace, and lived, amid its
luxurious furnituic and glittering wares, at a stipulated ex-
pense of $6,000 per annum to the Government, at a time
when the homes of millions of our people were darkened
by the hoirors of civil war. Could it be expected that his
subordinates would display any special sympathy with our
national sufferings, or any marked solicitude to guard the
public Treasuiy from plunder? Instead of going to Cairo,
as he could have done for a few dollais on one of the ves-
sels transporting the troops which accompanied him, he
chaiteifd a magnificent steamer, at a co«t of .-51,600 to the
Government, to convey himself and cortege alone. This
steamer was anchored out in the stream instead of lyina; at
the wharf as all others did and do, and when the general
drove in his carriage and four to the watei's edge, yet an-
other steamer, at still fuither cost to the Government, as
wc learn from a claim presented for it, was employed to put
himself and suite on board. A foreign prince or potentate,
in a season of national mourning, might thus hve and thus
enter his pleasure yacht or his barge of state, but insensi-
bility amid the calamities of civil war, and wastefulness,
when the public debt is being increased at the rate of from
one to two millions daily, wiini exhibited by a general of
tho.Anieiiean Aimy, is a spectacle fiom which the patriot
may well turn away in giief and humiliation."
Sir, there was hut one thing more needed to
complete this wretched picture of public debauch-
ery and crime, and that, unhappily, was fur-
nished. The following extract from the report of
the committee shows that Major General John C.
Fremont conspired to overthrow theConstitution
of his country, and trample under foot the liber-
ties of his Government:
"The statements of these witnesses—officers of unim-
peachable integrity and intelligence—will, we are sure, be
heard by the Government with equal astonishment and sor-
row. General Fremont proclaims, on assuming his com-
mand, that ' there were no longer any civil rights; that ,
there was no Government except that outside ot the Con-
stitution, which had been suspended? that it was his de-
termination to administer his department without reference
to law or regulations; that the people of the United States
were in the field, and that he was at their head, and thathe
meant to carry out such measures as they, the people, ex-
pected him to carry out, " without regard to the red tape"
of the Washington people'—that is, the President and Con-
gress. It is singular how perfectly these sentiments har-
monize with those held by the usurpers who in this and
other ages of the world have sought and established abso-
lute power upon the ruins of public liberty. Some of these
usurpers, taking yet higher ground than that assumed tn
the interview with Colonel Andrews, have claimed for
themselves a mission to 'carry out' the will of God, but
none of them have sunk their pretensions below a spccial
mission to < carry out5 the will of the people. C©sar, when
he stood upon the banks of the Rubicon and waved to his
veterans to advance, did not make a bolder declaration
against his country than this. The words, so earnestly and
so often spoken, announced a revolution conceived, but
which, happily, most happily for the country, the parent
had not the strength to bring forth. No man has lived in
the tide of times wise and pure enough to be intrusted with
such a power as is here claimed. Military chieftains who
cut{red tape' always do it with their swords, and history
proves that the throat of theircountry suffersquite as much
as does the 4 tape'in the operation. As free institutions
have their foundations in law, and in the obedience ot the
people and their representatives, civil and military, to it,
this expression of a purpose to cast aside all political and
constitutional restraints, made in the halls of legislation
even, would alarm, but when made in the field by a chief-
tain, at the head of a great army, it chills and awes the
patnot's heart by its parricidal spirit. It reveals an unscru-
pulous ambition, which awaits but the prestige and power
of victory to sweep tiie Government itself, as a cobweb,
from its path.
"This sad page in the history of the late commander ot
this department, gathers a deep shadow fiom the circum-
stances under which these declarations were made. Gen-
eral Fremont had a few weeks before taken and subscribed
the following military oath : 11, John O. Fi£mont, do sol-
emnly swear that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the
United States, and that I will serve them honestly and faith-
fully against their enemies or opposers whomsoever; and
that I will observe and obey the orders of the President ot
tln^United States, and the orders of the officers oyer me,
accoiding to the rules and articles of war.' Ho thus, in
sight of God and his country, had plighted faith with his
Government thathe would bear to iti true allegiance,'and'
he stood pledged bythe mostsolemn of human sanctions to
support that Constitution which, when ' the people are in
the field,' places at' their head' the President of the United
States, and not any general holding a commission under
him. With a confiding fondness he had been summoned
fiom the obscurity of private life, and, preferred above the
veterans and a whole army of patriots, he was made a ma-
jor general. Scarcely has he girded on his sword, to whose
honor the best interests of the nation had been committed,
when he says to his subordinates and followers that he
draws it, not in the name of law or of the Government, but
in defiance of both, to enforce such measures as, in his
judgment,1 the people expected him to carry out.' These
words were spoken, as it were, in the very sick chamber of
the Republic, and had the tone of the undertaker while the
patient was yet struggling for life. They were uttered against
the Government of a country, not then tranquil and strong
and able to battle with all assailants, but of a country dis-
tracted and humbled, and bleeding under the stabs of trai-
tors. They camc from no flush of excitemcnt springing
from a triumph of arms, but were the solemn and oft-re-
peated enunciations of a general just entering the field ot
his future operations, and surveying for the first time the
strength of his gathering army. They wore addressed to
officers of high rank in the service, and were intended to
impress them with obedience to his revolutionary pro-
gramme. General Fremont already held the sword, audit
was most important forhis purpo=es that Colonel Andrews,
the head of the pay department here, and Major Johnson,
a paymaster under him, should not interfere with his free
use of the national purse."
Sir, in what age do we live? Is this the age
of republican simplicity and integrity, or are we
transported to the days of fraudulent usurpers,
to the unhallowed scenes of the Roman Ccesars?
Are we in republican America, or have we, by
some masic process, been suddenly dropped down
in the midst of oriental luxury and kingly indul-
gence? Has the Administration of this Govern-
ment sought for a model among the principles of
Washington and Jefferson, or from the examples
of Tiberius, Caligula, and Domitian? The great
philosophic poet says that—
" Corruption wins not more than honesty."
But is that true in these latter days? I have
shown that, by the deliberate finding of a com-
mittee raised under the authority of this House,
and by the action of the House itself, the late
Secretory of War, Simon Cameron, is declared
guilty, in this awful crisis, of plundering, and
with criminal knowledge permitting to be plun-
