1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
word "citizen,55 and inserting in lieu thereof,
4< resident;" and by striking out in lines six and
seven the words " or a resident of the district in
which the license is granted," so that it will read:
Sec. 42. Jlnd be it further enaded, That if shall be the
duty of the collectors, within then respective di&tiicts, to
grant licenses for distilling, which licenses shall contain
the date thereof, the sum paid, and the time when the same
will expire, and shall be granted to any person, being ares-
ident of the United States, who shall desire the same, by
application, in writing, to such collector, upon payment
of the sum or duty payable by this act upon each heense
requested.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.STRATTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the section:
And at the tune of applying for said license, and before
the same is issued, the person so applying shall give bond
to the United States in such smn as shall be required by the
collector, and with one or more sureties, to be approved by
said collector, conditioned that in case any additional still
or still?!, or other implements to be used as afoiesaul. shall
bo directed by him, his agent, or superintendent, befoie
using, or causing or permitting the same to he used, he will
leport in wilting to the said collector the capacity theieof,
and information, from time to time, of any change m the
form, capacity, ownership, asency, or supeuntendence
which ait or either ot the said stills ot other implements
may undeigo, and that he will, fiom day to day, enter, oi
cause to be entered, in a book to be kept for that pin pose
the number of gallons of spirits that may be distilled by said
still or stills, or other implements; and said book shall be
open at all times during the day (Sundavs excepted) to the
inspection of the said coilrctoi, who may make any mem-
orandums or transenpts theiefiom ; and that he will rendei
to the s.iid collcctor on the fust day of each and every
month, or within ten days tfieieaftei, duuna the contin-
uance of said license, an exact account in writing taken
from his book of the numbei of gallons of spirits distilled
by him, his agent, or superintendent for the month then ne\t
preceding the date of ^aid report, which said ieport shall
be verified by affidavit in the manner piesetibed by the
foity-seventh section of this aet; mid that he will at the tune
of rendeungsaid account pay to the said collector the duties
wnich bv thw actaie imposed on the spirits so distilled;
and said bond may he iciiewed or changed liom time to
time in legard to the amount and sureties thereof accord-
ing to the discretion of the collcctor.
This amendment is recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means as a part of the ma-
chinery necessary to carry out the provisions of
the bill. On looking to the tax law of 1814, we
found that Congress found it necessary, after the
original bill was passed, to adopt a supplemental
act corresponding substantially to the proposed
amendment, m order to carry out that law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. T move to amend
the fotiy-thiid section by insei ting after the word
" boiieis," in the foui th line, the words, " and the
name of the person, firm, corporation, or com-
pany using the same;" so that it will read:
Sec. 43. *1nd be it further enacted. That the application
in writing made by any peison a license foi dMilimjr,
as afoiesaid,shall stafe the place of distilling, the number
and capacity ot the r=till or stills, boilci or boiieis, ami the
name of the person, firm, corporation, or company uvmpj
the same; and any peison making a taNe statement in
either of the said parnoulais shall foileit and pay the sum
of $100, to be recovered with costs of suit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the forty-
fourth section by inserting after the word " dis-
tilled," in the third line, the words, " and sold or
removed for sale," and to insert the same words
at the end of the seventh line. The section will
then read as follows:
Srr. 4-1. And he it finthcr enacted. That, in addition to
the duties payable foi license* heieinbefore piovuied, Iheie
shall be paid, on all spiuN that may he di-stilled, and -old
or lemoved fin of fii^t pioof, on and aftei the 5-;t dav
ot May aforesaid, the duty of fifteen eeuN on each and eveiy
gallon, which shall ho paid bv the owner, agent, orsupet-
inteiuh nt of the .-nil or o'hei ve-^ei in which the -.aid -<pir-
ituou-. hquois -hall ha\ e ne<jn dNulled. <l'id -old oi lemoved
foi sale : which duty -hall he paid at the time ot ientering
th" account «<t -pn ituou- iiquois -o ehaigeable with duty,
jequired to be rendeted by the following section of thN
act, &c.
Mr. JOHNSON. It strikes me that that is
wrong. If I understand the proposition, it is that
spirituous liquors distilled and laid by by capital-
its shall not be taxed.
Mr. STEVENS. If" it is retained by the dis-
tiller, he does not pay the tax until he sells it or
lemoves it fiom the distillery. The intention all
through this bill is that manufactured goods shall
not pay as they aio manufactured, winch would
require a vast amount of capital sometimes; but
that the duties shall be paid when the goods are
actually sold or removed for the purpose of sale.
This amendment proposes to peifect the section
by inserting the same provision in it.
'Mr. JOHNSON, On looking at the section of
the bill which applies to the brewing of beer, it
occurred to me that this would be unjust to the
brewers.
Mr. STEVENS. We propose to amend that
section in the same way as we are now seeking
to amend this.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then 1 have no objection to
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike out the word
"aforesaid" where it occurs in the fourth line,
after the word " May," and insert in lieu thereof
" 1862."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to strike
out the word "fifteen," in the fifth line, and to in-
sert " ten" in lieu thereof; and to add at the end
of the seventh line the words:
And ten cents per gallon on all rectified spirits, and all
spirits manufactured into biandv. mm, gin, and other liq-
uors u^ed as a beveiasje, to he paid, by the person or per-
sons rectifying the sam«j or manutactunng such spn its into
brandy, mm, gm, or other liquor, to be used as aforesaid.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can only en-
tertain that as two amendments.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I move,
first, to strike out "fifteen," and insert "ten."
My object in offering this amendment is not to re-
duce the tax on spirituous liquors below fifteen
cents per gallon, but it is to divide it and graduate
it, so that spirits used m the arts and manufac-
tures, as solvents, in chemical operations, and for
burning fluid, &c., shall be taxed only ten cents
per gallon, while upon that, which is the larger
portion, perhaps, which is used as a beverage, man-
ufactured into articles called rum, brandy, gin,
&c., and which are sometimes used as a luxury—
a poor luxury, indeed, but called a luxury—shall
be charged twenty cents per gallon, m effect mak-
ing a tax of fifteen cents on every gallon of spirits.
If the committee understand the proposition, 1
do not believe there will be much objection to it.
I think that ten cents per gallon is a fair tax upon
that portion of distilled liquor that is used for
manufactuiing purposes, for chemical purposes,
for burning fluids. This article, particularly so
much of it as is used for burning fluid, comes into
competition with oil, and should be charged only
a fair tax on the capital used and the profit made.
So far it is like any other business operation of
the country.
Then, sir, that portion which is used as a bev-
erage, whether it be a luxury or not, should be
taxed as a luxury. 1 propose, when that comes
to be manufactured the second time, to impose
the additional tax of ten cents per gallon, which
would aveiage on the whole fully as high a rate
of taxation as that now indicated by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I hope the com-
mittee will assent to this proposition, because I
believe it to be more just, and will bring a greater
revenue than the basis of taxation proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means. I therefore pro-
pose to reduce the tax on spirits from fifteen cents
to ten cents per gallon, with the view hereafter of
offering an amendment to increase the tax on
i spirits to be consumed as a beveiage.
| MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
j The committee rose informally; and the Speaker
■ having resumed the chair, a message was received
I from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary,
1 announcing that the Senate had passed a joint res-
n olution and bills of the following titles; in which
!j he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
ij House:
! j Joint resolution (No. 67) in relation to the claim
f of Marshall O. Roberts, for the loss of the steamer
Star of the West;
A bill (No. 207) for the relief of L. P. Cartee,
for services rendered in surveying the public lands
in the State of Oregon; and
A bill authorizing the opening of Sixth street
west.
The committee resumed its session, proceeding
to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
The question beins: on the amendment offered
by Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois.
Mr. NORTON. 1 ask the attention of the com-
mittee for a few minutes to this amendment. Ac-
cording to my view of the matter, this is a simple
proposition to reduce the tax on spirits five cents
per gallon on one hundred millions of gallons,
which is equal to a reduction of the revenue by
$5,000,000. But the gentleman from Illinois says
that he is going to make up what is lost in this
way, by increasing the rate of tax on spirits used
1 as a beverage. According to all the information
I can get, this thing is impracticable. This mat-
ter of the taxation of spirits has been before the
Committee of Ways and Means for two or three
months. We have examined the question, and
heard suggestions from representatives of all the
interests concerned—from the producer, the man-
ufacturer, and the consumer. We have had be-
fore us dealers in the article in all its forms; and,
according to all the information that we could get,
there is no possible way of getting this Lax for the
benefit of the Government, except by taxing it in
the simple shape of whisky.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will permit me I will suggest to him how it can
be done. Spirits are manufactured in the large
establishments and run into what is called " high
wines." There is another class of spirits as well
defined as that. It is that which is rectified. Spir-
its are taken and rectified by individuals as a busi-
ness. It is as easy, in my judgment, to reach rec-
tifiers as it is to reach distillers, because they are
a distinct class of operators. My proposition is,
when spirits go into the hands of these rectifiers
to add ten cents per gallon. It is the same in regard
to the manufacture of spirits into rum, brandy,
gin, &c., to be used as a beverage. Rectifying of
spirits has become so distinct a business, is so
well understood,and can be so easily reached, that
the assessor can as well assess, and the collector
can as well collect, on that branch of business as
on any other.
Mr. HOIITON. I would say, in reply to the
gentleman from Illinois, that his information on
that point is not, I think, as accurate as he sup-
poses it to be. Instead of this business of recti-
fying spirits being so distinct, if you give men a
chance or inducement to evade.the law there will
bono such business known as that of rectifier.
According to the testimony before the Committee
of Ways and Means it only requires a capital of
ten dollars, and a sufficient degree of intelligence,
to pour liquor into one end of a barrel and draw
it out of the other end, to make common whisky
into brandy, wine, or any other spirit that you
choose to sell. There is no distinct trade about it.
Mr. ENGLISH. I would state to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that the ordinary expense of rec-
tifying spmtsin New Yoik and other cities is
only from two to four cents per gallon. It sim-
ply consists of running spirits through charcoal.
Mr. HORTON. We have bad the testimony
of experts on this subject. The whole amount
necessary to be invested in the rectifying business
is no more than ten dollars. As 1 said,it simply
consists in pouring spirits into one end of a barrel
and drawing it out at the other, through a layer
of pulverized charcoal. Redistillation is another
thing. That is covered by the tax proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means. Now, I
submit, Mr. Chaiiman, that theie is but one safe
mode for the Government in this matter, and that
is, to tax spirituous liquors, by whatever name
they are called. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
| to recollect what took place half an hour ago,
I when the gentleman from New Jersey called one
' thing "apple whisky,"and the gentleman from
| Maiyland called it "apple brandy."
i Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois.* I propose to
guard against that by calling the manufactures of
| these articles "beveiagcs."
j Mr. HORTON. I submit that there is no way
| of getting at this tax except by laying fifteen cents
I a gallon on first-proof whisky, and in proportion
j for all higher rates of strength. I hope the com-
j mittee will vote down emphatically the amend-
| ment proposed by the gentleman from Illinois.
I Mr. NOBLE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the words " ten cents per gallon"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "ten per
cent, ad valorem on the amount manufactured."
With a view to show the operation of this law
on the distillersof the country, I ask to have read
by the Clerk a letter which 1 have received from
a highly intelligent manufacturer in my district.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Ui'Pfr San-dusky. Ohio. Mutch 16,1S62.
Dear : We have iceeived the copy of the fa* hill
now before Congress, which you sent us, lor which please
