THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
tion. You cannot, therefore, undertake to organ-
ize them by way of appointing generals for them,
as you do for volunteers. If that is what is meant
by the provision, it will not do. I have not had
time to prepare amendments, and 1 do not know
exactly where they are needed, but I do sSe that
there are these difficulties which should be pro-
vided/or in the bill.
J now come to another topic, and that is the
second section of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa. The firstsection provides that
the President may receive into the service of the
United States, for the purpose of constructing in-
trenchments or performing camp service, and so
on, people of African descent, and that they shall
be enrolled and organized under such regulations
consistent with the Constitution and laws, as the
President may prescribe. I have no objection to
make to that, though I do not wish to leave it pre-
cisely with that statement. I nevercould under-
stand, and do not now understand, why the Gov-
ernment of the United States has not the right to
the use of every man in it, black or white, for its
defense, and every horse, every particle of prop-
erty, every dollar in money of every man in it.
That is the eminent domain. The detailsof laws
are only the mode of carrying the power into ef-
fect; but as to the power itself, I cannot conceive
that there is any doubt; indeed I do not know that
anybody has ever really suggested any. As to the
using of colored men, that is entirely a question of
expediency, whether you need them, whether you
can use them to advantage; and that depends on so
many contingencies that I have always supposed
the President, the generals, the men who are man-
aging the war, actually engineering it along if you
please, would lay their hands upon and use all
means and appliances to that end which they
found necessary. If gentlemen think it is any
bettor to put it into a law that the President may
do that, if that will help the matter, I have no sort
of objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is neces-
sary.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I havelio objection.
It is a mere detail of a mode of getting at it. I (lave
not much to say abovit my confidence in colored
men making good soldiers. I do not know much
about it. I can only say that we did use them in
the last war with England. 1 saw very nearly one
whole regiment of them in the service of the
United States in 1812-13. I cannot exactly say
that I served with them, though 1 was very near
them.
The second section of the amendment provides
that when any man or boy of African descent
who, by the laws of any State, owes service or
labor to any person who during (he present rebel-
lion has borne arms against the United States or
adhered to their enemies by giving them aid or
comfort, shall render to the United States any
such service as is provided in the preceding sec-
tion, he, his mother, and his wife and children,
shall forever thereafter be free, any law or usage
ttj the contrary notwithstanding. I have a word
to suy about that. I am constrained to say,
whether it is to the honor or dishonor of my coun-
try, that, in the land of slavery, no male slave
has a child; none is known as father to a child;
no slave has a wife, marriage being repudiated m
the slave system. This is the condition of things;
and wonderful as it may be, we are told that that
is a Christian institution !
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A Chris-
tianizing institution!
Mr. COLLAMER. Itis said to be a Christian
institution, sustained by, countenanced by the
system of Christianity! That is what is claimed.
Mr. President, if I understand anything about the
- philosophy of Christianity, I view it to bo a di-
vine revelation, condescendingly made to us from
the Supreme Being, and shaped to us so as to ad-
dress itself to us in our social capacities.
Itis said to us—God says to us: "Son, give me
thy heart." He says, "As a father pitieth his
children, so God pitieth those that fear him."
He says that " he is more ready to give good gifts
to them that ask Him, than earthly parents to give
gifts to their children." He tells us to address
Him as "our Father which art in heaven." Now,
sir, can we not see in ail this, that it iy addressed
to us in infinite condescension to our social rela-
tions. It is a revelation only to them who un-
derstand those relations, and if a man can be found
on earth who does not understand those relations,
to him it is no revelation, it is a dead letter. We
come, then, to a mass of people in this country
—four millions of them—among whom no child
knoweth his father, and all thjs revelation ad-
dressed to him in the filial relationship of a child
to a parent is a dead letter. When he is told " as
a father pitieth his children, so God pitieth those
that fear Him," he may say, " I never knew a
father; I do not know what you mean by a father
giving gifts to his children; I have no father; I
know not how to address God as my Father in
heaven, who have not a father upon earth, and
never have had." And yet we are told that it is
a Christian institution! So, too, sir, in conde-
scension to our limited faculties, the relationship
between the Church and its Head is likened to
that of the bride and the bridegroom,a thing un-
known, unrealized, incapable o.f being understood
by four millions of our people. And yet it is a
Christian institution ! I speak of the system ac-
cording to its theory and what that makes it.
Christianity with the connubial relation left out,
is a paradox. Such is the theory of the/slave
system, and so far as that theory is practically
realized, so far it renders the slave incapable of
apprehending or appreciating the divine revela-
tion. He is only saved from such consequence
to the extent that practice is in violation of the
theory.
Mr. President, I do not wish to pursue this
point any further. I have simply to say that these
people have no wives, they have no children, and
this provision in this section of the amendment
is, to all practical purposes, a dead letter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is upon the first sec-
tion of the amendment, as amended.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 desire to propose what I
regard as a verbal amendment to this amendment;
it is to strike out, in lines four and five, the words
" any military or naval" before " service." 1 do
not think the striking out of these words will
affect the sense; or, if it has any effect, it will
strengthen the meaning of the section.
Mr. KING. We may as well meet this ques-
tion directly, and see whether we are prepared to
use for the defense of our country the powers
which God has given to it; the men who are will-
ing to be used to preserve it. I hope the Senate
will not strike out these words, which might, by
construction, prevent the use of these persons for
military purposes. They are now in the Navy,
serving our guns there; and why should we not
be at liberty to use them in the Army ? It has been
said that there is no necessity for the passage of a
bill of this%ind, that the power exists fully, not
only for the general purposes here described, but
to enlist them as soldiers, and that it is a matter
of discietion. The difficulty is in the prejudice
with which a great many minds take up and con-
template this question. For my part, I am pre-
pared to express my opinions" upon it. The
President, in his message at the beginning of the
session, referred much of all these subjects to
Congress for its opinion. Congress has heretofore
refrained from acting on this point. I should have
been prepared to act at a much earlier day, but I
think the time has come when we may at lpast
express our opinion. If the Senator from New
Jersey persists in his motion, I shall wantadivis-
ion on it. I hope he will consent to let the section
stand as it is without pressing his proposition.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am almost, afraid to say
that I fear the Senator from New York does not
understand the scope and effect of my proposed
amendment.
Mr. KING. I may not. I shall b^ happy to
do so.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not think my amend-
ment will have any such effect as he seems to dep-
recate. It will simply have the effect of relieving
this section from one or two expressions; but it
will not at all affect the meaning or effect of the
section.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to state it again ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. My proposition is, to strike
out the words "any military or naval," before
" service;'* so that it will read;
That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to
receive into the service of the United States, for the pur-
pose of constructing intrenchments or performing camp
service, or any orher labor or service—
Without descending to particulars—
Any other labor or service for which they may be found
competent, persons of Alrlean descent; and such persons
shall be enrolled and oiganized under such regulations, &c.
If it has any effect at all, you would hardly,
perhaps,expect me to be proposingan amendment
which was giving additional strength and scope
to this proposition; butifthe section be amended
as I propose, it will be really stronger than it is
now.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, our opinions are
expressed and our wishes accomplished through
a great many modes of action and forms of ex-
pression. The Senator states, as I understand,
that his object is to enlarge the'scopc of action of
these persons who may be thus employed. In
my judgment, the direct effect is to strike out these
two purposes for which these persons may be em-
ployed and used. There are enumerations of ser-
vice, and in my opinion the labor in the intrench-
ments, the camp service, and the various other
services for which they,may be employed, ought
to be enumerated. 1 think they should go, into
the service to relieve our troops from carrying bag-
gage, and a great amount of labor which is im-
posed on the troops. Our soldieis should be left
free from the performance of these fatiguing im-
positions of labor that are necessary in a camp
and in marches, wherever it can be done. If that
is all these people are wanted for, I am content;
but I would also expressly declare that they may
be used for military and naval purposes. That
is the question upon which doubts exist, and upon
which differences of opinion exist. Nobody would
object, probably, to their cooking, and yet but a
few of them are used in that way. One of the dif-
ficulties in this matter is that these persons, when
they come to our tents and our camps for their
own safety and security—and everybody has a
right to look to that—are now uncertain, and we
have had no such general declaration from any
department of the Government as can give accu-
•rate certainty to them as to what is to be their fu-
ture fate. I think it is time that we had said to
these people who will take up their arms, or who
will take up their shovels and their spades and
their hoes, or/vho will buckle the knapsacks of
our soldiers on their shoulders and carry them,
that they who will come to do this service shall
be free. The time has come to say that, or to say
that it shall not be so. Let us be men, and treat
these people as men, and let us understand where
we are, and what is the decision of this country
upon these subjects.
We have,in my judgment, nothing tofearfrom
our enemies on account of the expression of our
views on this point. All we have to fear is from
timid counsels that hesitate to pronounce whatare
really the sentiments and opinions of the country.
The justice of God must be sustained by a gov-
ernment and its people, or it cannot stand. What
is just and right in this matter ? Let us not fear
to say it; let us not fear to proclaim it; let us not
go behind any form of words by declaring that
this thing is not necessary; that this power ex-
ists; that it is already in the power of the Presi-
dent to do this. The President has not done it. I
find no fault with him; I make no complaint; and
I should not have made this allusion, excepting
that it is presented here as an obstacle to an ex-
pression of our sentiment on the subject. If the
Senator from New Jersey persists in this amend-
ment, I regard it as one which, by its very effect
and construction, declares it as the judgment of
the Senate that these military and naval purposes
ought not to.be enumerated or mentioned among
the purposes for which these persons may be em-
ployed . The Senator may put in " all other ser-
vices," if he pleases;, he may put in any words
enlarging it to his heart's content; but I do not
want to restrain it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is hardly worth while for
one to take up the time of the Senate with natters
about which he himself may be solely, interested,
or to correct a false impression stated with respect
to his course. I am not in the habit of doing that.
The Senator from New York shows some little
degree of warmth—he will pardon me for saying
so; he seems to assign a motive to me. ^
Mr. KING. The Senator, I trust, will excuse
me. I did not intend to do that; I think it would
be entirely unparliamentary and out of order to do
so; but I did speak of the construction of this lan-
guage, and what the Senator avowed himself to
