1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•28S7
intended to be for works to be commenced in the
spring ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not so understand it.
That was the impression of the. committee on
reading this letter. General Barnard, chief engi-
neer of the army of the Potomac, called on me,
and I said to him that the committee seemed in-
disposed to pass the bill;, that the impression
seemed to be that it was not necessary to incur
any considerable amount of additional expenses
for the defense of this city. He told me that there
was a misunderstanding, certainly, of his letter;
that a considerable portion of this amount asked
for has already been expended; and yesterday he
wrote me a brief note, stating that they had quite
a number of persons employed whom they could
not discharge without the passage of this bill,
because they must pay them. Now if Senators
think it, is necessary to limit this bill simply to
pay the additional uxpeuses that have alieady
been incurred, 1, for one, certainly do not wish
to go a great deal further. I think as the Senator
from New York does on this subject of the de-
fenses of Washington. The Senator from Mary-
land" thinks there is no particular necessity for
doing anything now for its further protection; but
then we must remember one thing: last summer,
when these defenses were first commenced, many
of us laughed at them, laughed them to scorn, and
thought they were rather monuments of disgrace;
but they turnt-d out to be of gieat importance for
the defense of this city a few weeks afterwards. I
do not think we ought to commence works next
spring. In fact, I believe from what is said to me
by General Barnard that a large portion of this
money has already been expended, and that this
appropriation is absolutely necessary. I am in-
clined to thjnk further that this sum of $150,000
will not complete the works he talks of beginning
next spring, and that another appropriation will
be required for that purpose. I have no doubt on
that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill had better
lie over until the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs is able to inform us how much of
that appropriation is needed to pay existing debts.
That, of course, we must appropriate; or if there
is work on these fortifications going on now which
it is necessary to complete, I should have no ob-
jection to that; but, sir, I really do hesitate about
passing an appropriation bill to commence forti-
fications next spring. 1 have been in hopes that
by the time next spring arrives we should not
have need of any fortifications. If it is understood
that this is to be a permanent affair to run into
the future, I think we may as well begin to hesi-
tate whether or no it is advisable to make such
appropriations for a future time. I had really sup-
posed, from all I had heard and hoped, that before
spring opened, these fortifications would rather
be a monument of the past than of the present.
At any rate, I should like to have information as
to what peculiar sum is needed to pay the debts
already incurred, and a little further information
upon what is designed as a matter of policy for
the future before i vote for anything of that de-
scription. I hope, sir, that the bill will lie over
until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT Does the Senator
submit that motion?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I want to send up a further proviso to go
with the bill:
Provided* That no part of the sum hereby sippiopriated
shall be expended on any work heieafter to be periormed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Maine to postpone
the farther consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. BltlGIIT.
Mr. COWAN. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was inferred a resolution to expel
Hon. Jesse D. Bright from his seat in the Uni-
ted States Senate, have directed me to report that
they are of opinion that the facts charged against
Mr. Bright are not sufficient to warrant his ex-
pulsion from the Senate; and they therefore rec-
ommend that the resolution do not pass.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to have a vote of
the Senate on that report of the committee.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the report.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to know
what the report is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to which was referred
a resolution to expel Hon. Jesse J). Bright from his seat
in the United States Senate, respectfully report;
That they are of opinion that the facts charged against
Mr. Bright are not sufficient to warrant his expulsion from
the Senate; and they theiefore recommend that the reso-
lution do not pass.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the further
consideration of the resolution and the report of
the committee be postponed until Thursday next,
and be made the special order for that day, at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TRANSPORTATION.
^ Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform
the Senate what amounts of money have been paid by the
Governmentto the differentrailroad companies in the States
of Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, and New
Jersey, since the 1st day ot May last; and also to furnish
the Senate with a statement of the present condition of out-
standing accounts between the War Department and the
said railroad companies respectively.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have that He
over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
being objected to, it will lie over.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. CLARIC submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Vice President be authorized to fill
the vacancy in the Committee on Claims occasioned by the
expulsion of Mr. Polk, of Missouri, from the Senate.
The Vice President appointed Mr. Latham.
MARSHALS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiucted to inquire into the necessity of increasing the fees
of the United States marshals for the northern and southern
districts of California.
FISCAL AGENCY.
Mr. CARLILE submitted the following resolu-
tio n:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance inquire into
the expediency, first, of raising by direct taxation upon real
and personal property of every kind and description—tax-
ing liquors and aitides ot luxuiy at a higher late than other
pioperty—a sum sufficient to pay the interest, at a rate of
seven per centum per annum, upon $*200,000,000, and also
the piincipal in ten yeai>, and a sum sufficient to pay the
interest, at a rate of eight per centum per annum, upon
§800,000,000, and al*o the principal in thirty years; ot issu-
ing tor ten year-*, at the rate of interest first aforesaid, bonds
for $200,000,000, and for thirty years, at the rate of interest
last aforesaid, for $800,000,000, reserving to the Government
the right to redeem the whole or any part of said bonds for
$'200,000,000 at any time aftei five years, and the whole or
any partot ^aid «um ot $800,000,000 at any time after twenty
years, and of pledging the public lands as an additional se-
curity for the payment ot the said s.um of $1,000,000,000 by
providing linit no disposition shall be made of them until the
whole of the said sum of.$l,000.000,000 shall be fully paid off
and discharged, other than the sale of thesimc under exist-
ing laws, and lor tlie deposit with the fiscal agency herein-
after provided lor of the pioceeds arising Horn the sale of the
public lands to be added to the -peeie fund of said agency.
Second. Of cieatmg a fiscal agent or agency, to be located
in the city of New York, with a specie ba^it* of not less than
$50,000,000, and authorized to issue notes of the denomi-
nation of five dollars and upwards, payable on demand at
the agency, to an amount notexceeding$800,000,000. The
paid sum of $200,000,000 of com to be deposited in sums of
$50,000,000 at a time, and $150,000,000 in thiity-year bonds
wall the said agency by the Secietar}tot the Treasury, who
shall receive fiom the said agency $200,000,000in its notes;
and thei carter, upon a deposit by the Secretary of the
Treasury with the said agency of $50,000,000 in coin and
$150,000,000 in the said thirty-year bonds or any part
theicof fiom time to time in such amounts as the exigen-
cies of the Tjeasury may require, he shall receive from the
said agency an equal amount of demand notes with the
specie so deposited and the p.ir value of the said bonds; of
authorizing paid agency to sell said bonds so deposited, or
so many of them as may be necessary to enable the said
agency to redeem the not^s issued by it, taking care neverto
allow the coin on hand to beara less proportion to the circu-
lation than as one to four. Third. Of providing that when-
ever notes issued by the said agency shall he presented to it
fomdemption and payment in sums at $100 and upwaids,
the holder thereof shall have the right to demand and receive
from said agency a like sum in the eight per cent, bonds.
Fourth. Of piovidingfor the payment by the said agency of
the interest apon both the seven and eight per cent, bond* in
coin semi-annually. Fifth. Of provid ing that if at any time in
the opinion of the said agency the market value of the bonds
deposited and the specie on hand shall bear to the circular
tion a less proportion than one to four, said agency feltaH
have the right to call upon the Secretary of the Treasury
for a further deposit of thirty-year bonds. Sixth. Of re-
quiring ail payments by the Government to be made In the
demand notes issued by the said agenc5r.
Mr. CARLILE. In connection with this#ab-
ject it strikes me that there should be a revision of
our tariff laws  , .
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator will
pardon the Chair a moment, the first question, is,
will the Senate by unanimous consent agree to the
consideration of the resolution at the present time?
Is there any objection >
Mr. FESSENDEN, Mr. KING, and others.
Let it lie over.
Mr. CARLILE. It is in the form of an inquinr;
I merely desire it to go to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Still, if objected to,
it must lie over until to-morrow morning.
Mr. CARLILE. Then I move thatit be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 29) to promote the efficiency of
the troops serving in the department of Kansas;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KING asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 148)
to authorize the issue of Treasury notes for
§100,000,000; which was read twice by its title,
refoqred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
The bill was read through, at the request of
Mr. King. It provides for the issue of Treasury
notes, receivable for all Government dues bearing
an interest of seven and three tenths per cent, per
annum; the smaller notes exchangeable at the
Treasury, at the will of the holder, for notes or
bonds of a denomination not less than $100, upon
which the interest shall be paid semi-annually;
and all the notes redeemable in coin, at the will
of the United States, after the expiration of five
years. An additional section provides for a direct
tax of $10,000,000, to be annually levied upon the
United States until these notes, principal and in-
terest, are paid, and the proceeds of the tax so
levied are pledged to the payment of the interest
as it falls due semi-annually, and the final redemp-
tion of the notes.
THE CASE OF TIIE PERTHSHIRE.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that all prior orders
be postponed, in order to take up a little bill which
has already passed the House of Representatives,
and has been reported by a committee of this body
—House bill No. 152, for the relief of the British
ship Perthshire.
Mr. HALE. X hope not. I think Great Britain
ought to be satisfied with what we have already
done, for a little while, and take her turn with the
rest of the claimants.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed
to; ayes eleven, noes not counted.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution, submitted by
him on the 9th instant:
Resolved, That the 31st lulc of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the following clause:
Proiided, That no bill, joint resolution, or other subject,
be made a .special order for a particulai day and hour with-
out the concurrence of two thirds of the Senators present.
Mr. HALE. I have but a single word to say
in explanation of my reason for offering this prop-
osition. It must be manifest to anybody who
has been here a little time that these special orders,
which are often made as a matter of courtesy,
embarrass and hinder the proceedings of the Sen-
ate exceedingly. When there is any measure such
as the chairman of the Finance Committee brings
forward, which is of pressing necessity, it will be
very easy to get a two-thirds vote to make it the
special order. A great many special orders are
made just for the accommodation of some eloquent
gentlemen that want to ventilate themselves and
fill the galleries. They make their speeches, and^
that is the end of the subject; but that kind of
