2270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
of tliroe per cent, ad valorem is laid upon all arti-
cles of manufacture in the hands of the manu-
facturer. It is estimated that there will thus be
raised $50,000,000 of the annual income arising
from taxation. This the manufacturing interest
is to pay for the support of the Government, and
the airs of patriotism which are assumed in con-
sequence are emimmtly characteristic. But in-
asmuch as thismanufacturing interest is guarded
by a Morrill tariff from all competition in selling,
and strictly protected in increasing its prices of sale
to its forced customers, to an almost unlimited
extent, will any one, in his simplicity, pretend
that the three per cent, wherewith it is taxed, the
$50,000,000 which it has to pay, will not be charged
up to the buyer when its goods are sold? The tariff
and taxation are kindred measures, born of a com-
mon origin, and, like leashed hounds, hunt for
their innocent prey coupled together. The tariff
stands guard over the interests of the manufac-
turer, while taxation hunts for every other sub-
stance in the land on which to fasten its fangs.
And if, for the sake of appearances, the manufac-
turing interest is mentioned in a tax bill, the tariff
steps forward and enables its cherished friends to
recover back every dollar which they ar^ assessed
by raising the price of the woolen clothes, the
linens, the muslins, the calicoes, the plowshares,
and the implements of husbandry, and the articles
of daily necessity which the American Govern-
ment forces its citizens to buy of its protected mo-
nopolists. This is the culmination, the climax of
wrong. A Government which plunders one citi-
zen to enrich another needs the strong, stern hand
of reform on its helm.
Though perfect equality should prevail in meet-
ing the immense taxation which is coming like a
mountain avalanche upon this people, yet it will
be born amid sorrow and weary pain; but when
it shall all fall virtually on a given class of citizens
it will become an intolerable, suffocating night-
mare of ruin and of death. I challenge the atten-
tion of the country that such is the working of the
present system, which it is pretended has been
adopted for the support of the Government. Al-
ready we see its effects. The great manufactur-
ing corporations of the East are crowding their
bloated pockets with rapid and gigantic gains.
Theirdividends ofprofitsare swollen some thirty,
some sixty, and some an hundred fold. This is
no random statement, but is sustained by the sta-
tistics before me. It is a fact, too, of which the
whole country has taken cognizancc.
Sir, no sectional boundaries to my love of coun-
try prompts these remarks. I cull God to witness
with what devotion 1 love every sod and rock and
river, mountain, prairie, and forest of my native
land. For its happiness and glory it would be
sweet and honorable to die. I reckon no section
of it above another. It is all alike to me, all dear
and hallowed by the principles of constitutional
liberty. But I speak in the name of justice, which
is everywhere present, in the name of fraternal
and American equality, and I ask you, I implore
you, to look at the condition of the western peo-
ple. Their interests have been abandoned on this
floor by more than half their Representatives, and
they stand to-day bearing the hard brunt of the
pitiless storm which has burst from the angry
sky. They are shut out from all fair markets for
their produce. Their natural channels of trade to
the South are closed by the impious hand of war,
and their avenues to the markets of the North are
obstructed by the avarice of railroads. It costs
sixty cents to freight a bushel of corn frqjn the
Wabash river to New York, and leaves from
seven to fourteen cents to the farmer who lias
caused it to grow and gathered it in, as the reward
of his toil. For everything else he receives the
same beggarly return. An<J yet who has lifted
up his voice herein behalf of that great, that hon-
est,and oppressed people? Where is their repre-
sentative m the Committee of Ways and Means,
that great despotic committee which matures meas-
ures of tariff, of taxation, and of finance, and
whose decrees on this floor are as unalterable a.s
the laws of tile Medes and Persians? On that
committee, which speaks the voice of fate for the
weal or woe of the tax payers of all the land, the
great imperial domain of the West, from the feet
of the Alleghany mountains to the Pacific ocean,
has had no member during this important session, i
Blow after blow has fallen on her naked head and I
now she stands exposed to the payment of'four I
fifths of all the burdens which this Government
has to bear. I speak advisedly. She has been
trampled under foot. Her rights have been dis-
regarded. She has been plundered for the benefit
of others. And from here I call upon her to vin-
dicate herself, to assert her equality, to resist
oppression, to scorn the tribute which she is called
upon to pay to a branch of industry which God
and nature never intended she should support, to
demand from her Government the same protection
which others obtain, and to reckon with her op-
pressors at the ballot-box. As for me, I shall join
in no such system of injustice, inequality, and
wanton extortion against the people whose inter-
ests are confided to my care in this House. I
shall resist it in all constitutional methods, and
denounce it everywhere; and in doing so I shall
perform what I conceive to be one of the highest
duties of honest, fearless patriotism.
I might here stop, Mr. Speaker, and rest this
great subject with the American people. The vast
debt, the unparalleled fraud by which it has been
accumulated, and the iniquitous mode of assess-
ing taxes on the wealth and labor of the country,
are all before them. Rut the political party now
in the ascendency in the executive and legislative
departments of this Government have never con-
sidered any measure of policy on any subject com-
plete or perfect unless it embraced a connection,
however unnatural, with the African race, un-
fortunately in large numbers on this continent.
These are strange days that luive come upon us.
Wo have all lived to see the abolition of slavery
become a pecuniary question, and the abolition
party become a direct tax upon the pockets of the
people. The Federal tax gathererwill visitevery
house in the land in the nextsix months for money
to carry out its schemes. In the midst of a war
more expensive than the world ever witnessed
before; with an Army and aNavy costing us more
than the armies of England, France, Austria, and
Russia combined; with the hand of plunder deep
in the sacred vaults of the national Treasury; with
the hungry spirit of taxation, like the gaunt and
insatiate specter of famine, hunting for the small-
est substances of a laborious people, out ofwhich
to wring an income; with markets closed, prices
depressed, bankruptcy casting its appalling shad-
ow on the horizon of the future, and dismay gath-
ering in the faces of the yeomen of the nation, this,
sir, is the time chosen to startle us with a delib-
erate and most earnest proposal to purchase with
money and set free the slave population of the
South. The President of the United States and
both brandies of the American Congress have sol-
emnly pledged this Government, in the face of its
own citizens and before the attentive gaze of the
nations of the earth, to buy and liberate, if their
owners will sell, the entire four millions of slaves
which are held in the southern States of this
Union. This is the pledge, and it standsj-ecorded
by a vote of this House, by a vote of the Senate,
and by the approval of the President, who amazed
the country in its zealous recommendation. It
is now a part of the financial policy of the present
Administration, made so by a full party expres-
sion. Nor has it been barren of fruits even thus
early. The slavesofthe DistrictofColumbia have
already been bought by a forced and unconstitu-
tional sale, and over one million of dollars appro-
priated from the earnings of the people to pay for
them. This act of fanaticism fixes the meaning
which, the authors of this pledge attach to the
phrase " pecuniary aid." It has received a se-
verely practical illustration, and the doubting
mind is set at rest. But if anything further was
needed to convince the tax payer of the designs
of abolitionism, I have it before me. I hold in
my hand a pamphlet of twelve pages, written by
Daniel R. Goodloe, an officeholder under this
Administration, evidently a man of ability, but
unfortunately led astray by a spurious philosophy
and a mistaken philanthropy on the subject of
slavery. He warmly and ably espouses the pol-
icy of the President, and makes the following
statement of the cost of that policy to the Ameri-
can people:
"I lmve shown what the compensation to the border
States would be at two different rates of payment per capita
for the slavey and it will have been seen that 1 have fa-
vored the moie liberal scale. I now proceed to show what
would he tile cost ot lcdeeining the whole slave population
ot tile Union at tile same Kites.
£; By the census of year theie were H Dr^POI siavps
in the United States and Territories. I have already "how n
that 454,441, which belonged to the border States, would
be worth, at $250 each, $113,610,250, and at $300 each,
$136,332,300. There remains lo be disposed of, therefore,
3,498,360 slaves embraced in the country subject to the
rebels, but including, of course, large numbers belonging to
friends of the Union, who have been constrained into obe-
dience to the rebel authorities against their Wilis. At the
lowest estimated average value of $^50, these slaves of the
rebels would be worth $874,590,000, and adding the com-
pensation to the border States, on the same terms, the ag-
gregate cost to the Government would be $988,200,950, At
the higher rate of $300. the slaves in the rebel States would
be worth $1,049,508,000; and adding the cost of compensa-
tion to the border States, at the same rate, the aggregate
expense of emancipation would be $1,185,840,300. Or for
the convenience of round numbers, the cost of emancipa-
tion would be, at $250 perhead, $1,000,000,000, and at $300
per head, the cost would be $1,200,000,000."
These are the figures made by an ardent friend
of the system, who is now employed, by appoint-
ment of the President, in assessing the value of
the slaves of this District. Sir, 1 turn from them
with horror. 1 cannot linger over them. I hand
them over to the white sons of toil throughout the
land, and call upon them to consider well the les-
son which they teach. The Pharisees of eighteen
hundred years ago provoked the maledictions of
the Saviour by their intemperate and hypocriti-
cal zeal in the affairs of other people; and a por-
tion of the citizens of the North, in the contem-
plation of the above figures, may find a curse upon
an exactly similar offense, which will prevent its
commission in the future. Abolitionism has hov-
ered in our heavens like an angel of death, and
from its wings has shaken pestilence and war; and
now, like a grizzly terror, it comes to every house-
hold for every tenth of the fruits of the earth and
the flocks of the field. Like the fierce locusts of
Egypt, it comes to devour our green fields and
blast our golden harvests. It comes announced
by the President and sanctioned by both Houses
of Congress, and it remains to be seen whether
the sinews of strained and oppressed industry will
submit to its ravenous and illegal dem-ands.
I now take leave of this subject. I have dwelt
upon it to-day, not to discourage or depress the
energies of the people, but to awaken my coun-
trymen to a sense of their perilous situation, in
order that they may gird up their loins and meet
it in a manner becoming the intelligent, free citi-
zens of America. The present, it is true, is dark,
and filled with the elements of the tempest; but
in the sky of the future the star of hope is still
burning with all its ancient luster. I believe in
its promises of returning prosperity, honor, and
unity to this Government. Ay, sir, Hope, Hope,
the sweet comforter of the weary hours of anguish,
the merciful and benignantangel, walking forever
by the side of mourning sorrow, the soothing, min-
istering spirit of every human woe, the stay and
supportof great nations in their trials,as well as of
feeble men; hope, that neverdies nor sleeps, but
shares its immortality with the soul itself,will bear
us through the Red sea and the wilderness that are
before us. I indulge, Mr. Speaker, in this hope,
and cherish it as my friend—a friend that always
smiles and points upward and onward to bright
visions beyond the baleful clouds which now en-
velop us as a shroud. But the basis of this hope
with me is the future action of the people them-
selves. In the wise, patriotic, and Christian con-
duct of the American people, I behold this nation
lifted up again from its prostration, purified of its
bloody pollution, robed in the shining garments
of peace; the furious demon of civil war, which
has rended us and caused us to sit howling amidst
the tombs of the dead, cast out by the spirit of the
omnipotentand merciful Master, who walked upon
the waters, and bade the winds be still. I expect
to see the people raise up the Constitution of our
dear and blessed fathers from the deep degrada-
tion of its enemies as Moses reared aloft the brazen
serpent amidst the stricken children of Israel for
the healing of a nation. I expect to see them,
wielding the sword in one hand and appealing to
the ballot-box with the other, crush and hurl from
power corrupt and seditious agitators against the
peace and stability of this Union, armed and un-
armed, in the North as well as in the South. I
expect to see u Congress succeed this, coming
fresh from the loyal and honest masses, reflecting
their pure and unsullied love for the institutions
handed down to us from the days of revolution-
ary glory. To this end let all good men every-
where bend their energies. Then will come again
the glory and the happiness of our past—those
days of purity, of peace, and of brotherly love,
