1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
I move that amendment merely for the purpose
of saying a word to the committee. This is a
subject which has engaged the attention of the
country perhaps more that! any other now pro-
vided for in the bill now under consideration The
committee who had the question in charge gave it
very careful consideration. They had an elab-
orate investigation of everything concerning it.
They received communications from all parts of
the country engaged in this branch of manufac-
ture. I suppose that it is true there may be enough
of the article on hand to last the country for six
months, if there were no more manufactured. But
gentlemen err if they think that all of it is to be
used as a beverage. A very large portion of it is
used in the manufactures and arts.
So far as the duty is concerned, I think that
fifteen cents is as high as it will bear. I trust that
the committee will not be driven into extremes
either way on this subject, neither to tax it too
much, or to tax it at too low a rate. It must be
apparent to the members of the committee that
there are others besides interested in this matter
than the mere dram-drinkers. This question more
or less interests the agriculture of the country.
The West is largelyengaged in the raising of corn,
and if there be any addition to this tax, then we
will cripple to some extent the ordinary business
of the agriculturist of that region. Those gentle-
men who are engaged in agriculture there think
that a duty of five cents a gallon is going to crip-
ple them for some considerable length of time.
The committee, however, think that the article
will bear a tax of fifteen cents a gallon.
Buta word in reply to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Babbitt.] If we are to leach
anything like the rate of taxation produced upon
liquor in England, as suggested by the gentleman,
will it not be better to approach it gradually? Let
us make this duty fifteen cents now, and next
winter, if it is deemed proper, we can add ten
cents a gallon to it. The only way in which the
gentleman can produce the result which he de-
sires, is to increase the tax gradually.
The putting on of the high rate suggested by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Olik] will
virtually put in the hands of the men who have
for sale large quantities of this liquor enormous
profits. And then what kind of inquisitorial pro-
cess will have to be gone through with in order
to carry out the provisions of the amendment? It
provides that the assessors and collectors are to
go into every store in the country and make an
inventory of the quantity of liquor 011 hand. If
they ought to go into the store and warehouse,
why should they not also go into the cellar of J.
B. and the cellar of my colleague on the commit-
tee to see how much they have on hand. Those
who buy large quantities, and keep it to acquire
for it a fineness of flavor by age, ought not to es-
cape more than those who keep it for sale. I hope
that we will settle down on the idea to put at this time
only a moderate duty on this article. We have
now proposed a tax thirty or forty times larger
than we have proposed upon any other article. I
think that that fact ought to be conclusive.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Vermont has well stated that the large por-
tion of the spirits manufactured in the country is
not used as a beverage, but for the purposes of
manufacture and the arts. I know that it is hard
to get gentlemen to reflect on this subject, under-
stand all of the facts, and vote intelligently on
the propositions which may be presented. If it
be moved that this article of liquor be taxed, im-
mediately A B or C D arises and electrifies the
House with novel temperance speeches. [Laugh-
ter.] It is charged that we ought to put down the
traffic in spirits because some men use it to cxcess
as a beverage. I have found that even in this de-
bate it is difficult to get gentlemen to fix their
minds in order to do even what they desire to do.
My proposition was to tax more heavily liquor
that was used as a beverage; to put a heavier tax
upon that than was put upon spirits used for the
purposes of manufacture and the arts. I wanted
to make thatdistinction. it would accomplish the
purpose designed by the gentleman from Maine,
and, at the same time, make a distinction in favor
of the manufacturer of spirits which do not enter
into the demoralization of our people, but is one
of the aids of industry. I venture the assertion
that not one half of the spirits manufactuied in
this country is used as a beverage. The larger
portion, sir, is used to make burning fluid, in the
arts, and many of the manufactures.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have pro-
vided in another part of the bill that liquors used
as a beverage shall pay a higher rate of duty.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My proposition
will be of advantage to one of the large producing
interests of the country. A great quantity of the
corn raised in the. West is used to make spirits;
at least one half is made into spirits for the pur-
poses of the arts and manufactures. This fact
ought to be taken into account by the gentlemen
who have made temperance speeches. Nor do
gentlemen seem to be aware of how high the duty
is that it is proposed to put upon spirits—fifteen
cents a gallon is one hundred per cent, upon the
value of spirits distilled in the West. The aver-
age price of liquor distilled in the West is about
fifteen cents a gallon. Thatis the price which has
ruled during the pasteighteenmonths; so that the
effect is, we shall have to pay a highei tax upon
the corn we raise than will be paid by any other
production of the country.
Now, I would not reduce the tax upon spirits
used as a beverage, but I would reduce it upon
spirits used for manufacturingpurposes. Let the
tax be heavier than it now is upon spirits used
as a beverage. I do not agree with the gentleman
from Vermont, that the bill provides for the case
I have stated. I trust, therefore, that my sug-
gestion will be pursued by the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes 27, noes 72.
Mr. BLAKE. T move to increase the tax to
twenty-five cents a gallon. If gentlemen will re-
flect on this matter a moment, they will see that
twenty-five cents a gallon is not too high a tax.
There are sixty-four half gills in a gallon. If I
am not correct, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means will correct me.
Mr. STEVENS. I need not tell you. You
have counted it a hunched times. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAKE. I have understood from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
that agill is just a drink for an ordinary man. So
then when a man takes a drink his heart will be
moved with patriotic emotion when he thinks that
he has paid one cent in behalf of the stars and
stripes of our country. Gentlemen, under those
circumstanccs, will often take a patriotic drink.
There is not a man who takes a drink who will
not console himself with the reflection that on
every drink he takes he pays one cent to put
down this accursed rebellion which now rages
throughout the country. [Laughter].
Mr. MORRIS. I rise for the purpose of op-
posing the amendment of my colleague. The
gentleman thinks that every one will feel patriotic
if he knows that he is paying one cent tax upon
every dram he may imbibe. Why does not the
gentleman show the same devotion to the stars
and stripes 111 regard to the productions of the
Western Reserve, from which he comes? They
manufacture there twenty-two million pounds of
cheese out of the twenty-four millions manufac-
tured in the State. Will he show his patriotism
by putting a tax of three cents a pound on cheese,
the same as is put on leaf tobacco, which is so
largely <rrown in my district?
Mr. BLAKE. I desire to say to my friend that
he seems to misapprehend entirely the character
of my district. We manufacture a great deal of
whisky. Cheese is an article which may also be
manufactuied into whisky, as well as apples and
peaches.
Mr. MORRIS. I wished merely to call the
attention of the committee to the statistics of the
State of Ohio. In that State we manufacture
23,758,000 pounds of cheese, and in the Western
Reserve 21,850,000 pounds of that cheese is man-
ufactuied.
Mr. HUTCIIINS. Good cheese. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRIS. I say to the gentleman when
he proposes 
Mr. HORTON. I rise to a point of order. It
is that there is no connection between cheese and
whisky. [Laughtei.]
Mr.MOft.RIS. Then I ask my colleague [Mr.
Blake] when he is most patriotic, whether before
or after he has drank the gill'of whisky? He
seems to think we ought to he patriotic enough to
pay one cent a drink to uphold the stars and the
stripes. Let him put from one to three cents per
pound on cheese, and see how he likes it.
Mr. BLAKE. I did not hear the gentleman's
rerpark.
^Mr, MORRIS. I merely asked the gentleman
a question, but I will waive it. I think when the
gentleman proposes to tax our little distilleries
fifteen cents pergallon, in addition to the license,
he will do great injustice to many of our manu-
facturers, for some of them in my district do not
manufacture three hundred barrels a year, while
others manufacture three hundred barrels a day;
and if he desires to be patriotic when he proposes
to tax the agricultural products of my district—
tobacco—three cents a pound, he should also tax
the products of his own section the same amount. J
Mr. DIVEN. I move to amend the amend-^
ment by inserting " twenty, "instead of "'twenty-
one. " I move the amendment for ihc purpose of
making a remark in reference to the operation of
this bill. I understand that it is pioposed to
grant, a drawback upon all exported spirits. Am
I right? If that be so, and there is no duty upon
exported spirits, will not the spirits be sent
abroad and sold, and then reshipped to this coun-
try, and thus, by paying transportation merely,
avoid this tax ?
1 am reminded that a provision of the bill ob-
viates this objection, and 1 therefore withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I object to the with-
drawal of the amendment. I have felt no sort of
disposition to participate in this whisky discus-
sion. There is a very large interest of the kind
which is under discussion now in that portion of
the country which I represent, and if the manu-
facture of the article could be continued, after the
passage of this bill, to the extent to which it now
exists, one single individual in my district will
probably be called upon to pay about one hundred
thousand dollars a year in taxes. It is niy desire to
see this bill so fiamed as that the end which has been
i indicated by the Committee of Ways and Means
| may be attained—to wit: the production of rev-
j enue. If we desire 10 frame this bill in such a man-
j ner that it shall operate by way of moral reforma-
1 tion of the country—and upon the propriety of
! doing that I have nothing to say now—we should
I fix the tax so high as most effectually to suppress
the manufacture, and three hundred percent, would
be better than anything less to secure that end. But
I understand this measure is not seriously con-
templated as a measure of reform, but as a meas-
ure of finance; and I lose simply fur the purpose
of saying that, in my judgment, it would have
been wise upon the part of the committee so to
have framed this bill as that it should have com-
menced by assessing a moderate tax on this arti-
cle the first year—a tax which would have been
sufficient to allow that portion of the commodity
which is now in the country to be disposed of,
and which would not have had the effect antici-
pated by some portion of the committee-—and I
have no doubt wisely—of simply adding a large
bonus to that portion of liquor which is now in
the country, and of closing up temporarily the
establishments of the country in consequence of
their having to come into competition with the
manufactured article now in the country.
If my remarks have any design, it is simply to
indicate in my place, the propriety of so amending
this bill—which can only be done by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and therefore I pro-
pose to make 110 proposition to amend here—by
graduating the tax, so that it shall not close up
the manufactories, and by gradually raising it to
the highest point which the article will bear. I
agree with the design of the bill, which is to place
unon what have been called in this debate, the
luxuries of the country, just as high a tax as they
will bear. And T agree entirely with thegenlleman
from Illinois, that there ought to be a great deal
of pains taken to distinguish between such things
and those things which are used in arts and manu-
factures.
Mr. DIVEN by unanimous consent withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to reduce the amount
one cent. It seems to me that this debate has
taken altogether too wide a range upon this sec-
tion, because 011 page 68 I find a clause providing
fora tax of twenty-five cents per gallon upon re-
distilled spirits, such as brandy, gin, wine, &c.,
and yet gentleman talk upon this section as
