1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32S1
in a tone that might "possibly have subjected me
to the censure which I think the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Wisconsin has administered to the Sen-
ate. I have simply risen to say that none of that
reproach, none of that reproof, do I take as lying
at my door; and if anybody should undertake to
reprove me for not having been more prompt and
more bold in the maintenance of the great land-
marks of constitutional liberty and constitutional
law, I would not undertake to plead "notguihy"
to that so fully and so unqualifiedly as I do to the
other charge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to
amend the amendment by striking out the words
"or any military or naval service for which they
may be found competent."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carhle, Cowan, Davis, Henderson, Ken-
nedy, Powell, Salisbury, Stark, Willey, Wilson of Mis-
souri, and Wiiglu—11.
NAYd—Anthony, Browning, Chandler, (JIark,
Collamer, Doohttle, F*'ssenden, Foot, Grimes, Halo, Har-
lan, Hairis,Ho\vaid,King,Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Moirill, Pomeroy, Rice, Sherman, Simmons, Siuiuiei,
Ten E.vek. Ttumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HENDERSON". I move to amend the sec-
tion by inserting the word " free," before "per-
sons," in the sixth line, and also by adding after
14 descent," in the same line, the words i( and also
such persons of African descent as may owe ser-
vice or labor to persons engaged in the rebellion;"
so as to make the section read:
That the President be, and he is hereby, authoiized tore-
ooive into the service ol the United States, for the purpose
of constructing intrenchments, or poi foi rninp camp berviee,
or any other labor, or any military or naval service for which
tliry may he found competent, free persons of African de-
scent,and also such persons of Afiioan dosccnt as may owe
service or labor to persons engaged in the rebellion, &e.
I see an evident disposition, on the part of the
Senate, to adopt the proposition before them. It
has been frequently said here that nearly all the
slaveholders in the country are disloyal. I dis-
agree with gentlemen in that opinion; but if that
be true, this will include all the slaves. If this
amendment be adopted, I desire to offer another,
to come in at the end of the section:
Provided, That all loyal persons entitled to the service or
labor of persons- employed under the provisions of this aot,
shall be compensated for the loss of such service during the
penod of such employment.
. I think wc owe that much to the loyal men in
the border slaveholding States. I think that gen-
tlemen ought to yield something to those repre-
senting the border slaveholding States. Gentle-
men are not aware of the extreme sensitiveness on
this subject there, and it does not arise so much
out of the loss of service and labor of slaves, ns
from the general idea that these slaves will be
turned loose.
Mr. COLLAMER. AMow me to suggest to the
gentleman that the provision bef'oie us makes the
black man free if he does the service. The amend-
ment whjch the gentleman suggests should be,
not compensation for the time the man is in the
service, but compensation for him altogether.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not expect that the
second section will be adopted. I desire to state a
fact in reference to affairs in Missouri. We never
have objected there to the employment of slaves.
Last. December, when the north Missouri railroad
was torn up from the town of Warren ton almost to
the junction, a distance of'a hundred or a hundred
and twenty nnirs, the slaves, with their wagons
and trams, were taken by the State military au-
thorities, and were used in the repair of the road
for some considerable length of time; indeed, until
the road was fully repaired; and so soon as that
was done, the slaves were sent back to their mas-
ters, with their wagons and teams. The calculation
is, that if their masters are disloyal, they will not
be paid; if they are loyal, they will,be paid. That
is the course that was pursued there; and J can
say to gentlemen that if a different course had been
puisued in the State of Missouri at that time, I
conscientiously believe, whether they think so or
not, that we should have had ten times more trou-
ble than we have had in that State. There is an
aversion, a very great aversion, amongst the peo-
ple of the slaveholding States, to turning loose the
negroes amongst them as free men. I do not think
that it is absolutely necessary to make every slave
a free man who does service under this law, as
you intend to_passit. That is not important; and
much less should youundertake to make the whole
family free. Here you propose to give the Pres-
ident power to enlist, into the service of the United
States one slave of a family. He may take the
slave of the most loyal master in the State of Mis-
souri; and Senators will remember that there are
numbers of loyal slaveholders in that State; men
who have been carrying the flag of their country
from the earliest beginning of this rebellion, who
have left their homes for the battle-field, leaving
their slaves behind them, many of whom are in
the service of the country to-day,and will continue
there until the rebellion is over. I am very well
satisfied "that such legislation as this will provoke
resentment and ill-feeling.
It is with a great deal of diffidence that I say a
single word on that topic, because gentlemen laugh
at the idea of irritation. 1 know that a great many
rebels talk about irritation. It is a very familiar
phrase with them. They are accustomed to say,
you must not do this, and you must not do that,
or you will irritate the people of the country. I
have never paid much attention to that idea of ir-
litation, but here is a proposition of injustice; I
say it is absolute injustice. One slave may run
away, may be absent from his master, and may
be enlisted in the service of the United States in
another part of the country, and yet here is a prop-
osition that frees the whole family of that slave if
he is employed by the United States. It may be
ascertained who is his mother; that is very easy to
ascertain; and I suppose the children born of the
same mother would be brothers and sisters; and
although the father may not be known, the mother
and the brothers and sisters may be, and therefore
it will liberate the whole of them; and this may
be done with the slaves of men who have, from
the beginning of the rebellion, been engaged in
the service of the country, who have lost limbs
in its service, many of whom, in all probability,
will lose their lives.
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not fiee the broth-
ers and sisters.
Mr. HENDERSON. I so understood; butper-
haps the Senator is right. On reflection, I think
the language is confined to the mother and wife
and children. I simply rose to state that itseems
to me this provision ought to be extended only to
giving the Presidentpowcr to enlist in the service
of the United States, if you will have it so, free per-
sons of color and the slaves of rebel masters. The
strong probability is that in the seceded States two
thirds of the slaveholders, perhaps three fourths,
or even nine tenths, and, in fact, nearly all the
non-slaveholders have given aid and comfort to
this rebellion. The fact is, that a dt facto govern-
ment has been established there so long that men
who were at first unwilling to yield obedience to
that government, who put it off for six or nine
months, have finally been compelled to yield. It
seems to me, therefore, that by confining the prop-
osition to free persons of color and the slaves of
rebels, it would have a pretty broad sweep. In
that way you can get as many of these persons
into the service as will be needed; I think a Jaiger
number than the President will ever be willing to
enlist. Itjs not necessary to go into this opera-
tion i4i any of the boiderslaveholdmg States, but
if it should be found necessary to take the slave of
a loyal master, why not pay him?
Mr. President, we here are not responsible for
the institutions of the different States, and Con-
gress ought not to hold itself responsible for those
institutions, whether they be barbarous or not. I
am no defender of the institution of slavery; it
does not devolve on me to defend it. 1 find that
it is an institution existing in the different States;
I find it existing in Missouri; I find it existing in
Kentucky, and I find numbeis of loyal men in
those States who have given the Government of
the United States their money, their moans, their
blood, m the defense of this country. We not be-
ing responsible for the institution there, is it not
better for us to recognize it as an existing fact ?
If we are bound, in order to preserve the Union
of the States, to take the slaves of loyal men in
these communities, why not. pay them for them?
If where you find slavery sanctioned by State law
for winch you arc not le^ponsible, you mean to
set free the slave of a loyal master because that
slave has done service for you, do so; but do not
go before the country and say that you will pay
for any other species of property tjiat you take,
and not for this. I know, as well as any Senator,
and have always recognized, the distinction be-
tween slave property and other personal property ;
but will you go before the people and say that if
a northern man has his guns taken from him he
shall be paid for them, if military necessity should
require you to go into a private arsenal in the
northern States and take property, you will pay.
for it, and yet that you will turn your buck upon
the loyal men of the border slaveholding States
and refuse to pay them for their property when
you take it?
Mr. President, I will not be responsible for the
consequences of such legislation. We gain noth-
ing by shutting our eyes to it. We all know that
man is a creature of feeling and of motive, and
there will be found no advantage in such injus-
tice. You recognize in the northern States as prop-
erty some things which we do not recognize as
such, but would I as a Senator refuse to pay for
that which was recognized under your State con-
stitution and laws and which it was necessary to
take in the prosecution of the war? Would I deny
you payment for it? By no means. I hope the
amendment which I have proposed will be adopted.
I think Senators might yield that much at least to
the feelings of loyal men in the border slavehold-
ing States.
Mr. KING. At an early period of this insur-
rection, we did not expect to have any summer
campaign. We did not suppose that our Army
would be carried into unhealthy places in a hot
climate or in the marshes on the sea-shore, where
they would be exposed to the diseases of that por-
tion of the country. The necessity for such a meas-
ure as this did not exist in the beginning, and it
was hoped there would not be any occasion for
it; but the necessity has come, and with itcomes
the measure very naturally. 1 could wish that the
Senator from Missouri—and I aslc his attention—
would waive his amendment to this section and
move it to the next, which pei tains somewhat to
that subject. I will say to him in the frankness
with which we should all speak on these meas-
ures, that I should regard it as very unfortunate
indeed if there should be any limitation as to the
slaves who might be taken on account of the char-
acter of their ownership. I would leave that wide
and large; but there is this fact, which 1 here
frankly declare, as he does, that if, under this pro-
vision, a black man, a slave belonging to a loyal
man, should be received in to the service of the coun-
try, 1 should suppose, as a matter of couise, what-
ever the value, whatever the loss of that loyal man
was by that act, would bo made up to him just as
much as if we took his horse. The Senator speaks
of it as if that was not intended. The bill itself
does not make provision for it, to be sure; but a
disloyal man has no such right, and we leave that
matter to be disposed of in the settlementand man-
agement of all these claims. There is no necessity
for providmgfor ltnow. The general provisions
of law secure that without any necessity for it here.
I remember when the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] brought in a bill for the seizure of all the
railroads in the country, it contained a provision
in relation to the payment for them, but the mode
in which the paymentshould be made wasstneken
but by the Senate. There is no trouble about this
matter. Whatever may be the rights of loyal peo-
ple, they arc and should be lespected. I certainly
should be one of the last, and I hope there would
be nobody who would be one of the first to deprive
a loyal man of his just rights under the laws any-
where. I would ask the Senator lfhc cannot waive
this amendment. J should oppose his proposition
anyway? as striking at what is really the vitality
of this measuie. If we are going into it we must
go in so as to accomplish some result, and not
with fettered hands.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the further
; consideration of this bill and the amendments be
j indefinitely postponed, and on that I ask for the
| yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
! taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 27; as follows:
i YF;\S—.Mf*>&r < CailiJ''1, Davis. Henderson, Kennedy,
< JMcDougall. Powell, Salisbury, Stark, and Wilson of IMi*.
i soiui—y.
! NAYrt—>Ie?5ia. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Collamei,
; Cowan, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot. Gurnet,Hale, HajUu,
[ Harris, Uowatd, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Rfce, Sherman. Simmons, Ten Eye!;,
