THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10.
Trumbull, Wade, Wllmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wright—27.
So the motion did not.prevail.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. He^dersojjJ to insert in line six, be-
fore the word " persons," the word " free;" arid
after the word " descent," to insert "and also
such persons of Afrfcan descent as may owe ser-
vice or labor to persons engaged in the rebellion."
Mr. HENDERSON called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will be satisfied to let this section stand
as it is, and to make his amendment at the proper
place in the second section. There is no reason
why the slaves of loyal men should not be em-
ployed just as well as the slaves of disloyal men.
The only question is what compensation should
he made to the masters of slaves. Jf my amend-
ment shall be adopted to the second section, the
slaves of loyal persons will not be made free by
the operation of the act, and the masters of those
slaves will draw the compensation allowed by the
Government for their services, and they would
get their slaves back as a matter of course. If my
amendment to the second section be adopted, this
measure will not affect the loyal master, because
he will receive the compensation allowed by law
for the service of his slave, and the slave will be
his at the termination of that service. If my
amendment shall not be adopted, the Senator may
move his amendment to the second section, just
as wHI as to this section. There is no object in
dividing- this contest, and therefore there will be
no real trouble about it. There is no desire, so
'far as I have heard any expression, to affect the
right of any loyal master in the United States. It
seems to be the general desire, so far as I know,
to treat him fairly, not to deprive him of what is
regarded by the local law as his property, with-
out fair and just compensation. I shall, there-
fore, vote against this amendment to the first sec-
tion, because I think all these person** are subject
to military duty, and they ought to be allowed to
be employed at the discretion of the President. It
may be tfiat the slaves of loyal persons aie the
very ones who would desire employment, whom
the President would naturally employ in the first
instance, and I see no impropriety in leaving them
subject to military duty, as they are by the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. WAULSBUUY. As the yeas and nays have
been ordered on this question, 1 wish to say that
I shall decline voting on it, although the amend*
ment seems just; hut as it recognizes the employ-
ment of negroes m the Army of the United {States,
and as I am opposed to the whole principle,! can-
not vote for the amendment; neither can I vote for
ihe original proposition.
Mr. HENDERSON. I simply desire to state
that I, too, may vote against the bill when it is
amended; I do not know about that. I am not so
very squeamish about it, provided the loyal men
of this country arc protected. I have not much
desire to so legislate here as to protect the rebels.
I must confess that I have not much sympathy
with them, and never have had, and, so far as my
action here is concerned, I desire to represent as
milyas lean the loyal sentimontof my State,and,
ho doing, to strike at the rebels in every way I possi-
bly can. It is a mere question of policy in regard to
ilus matter. I may be mistaken in policy, but I
am satisfied of one thing—that f shall not attempt
to fan any flame in my State in consequence of
nay legislation that may he consummated here in
Congress, i shall defend your action as far as 1
possibly can, but under no circumstances will 1
over defend the southern rebellion; and if the ac-
tion here is, in my judgment and conscience, de-
fensible, I am willing to make that defense in the
State of AEissoun; and f shall defend a great many
things that I have voted against upon this flooi;
f shall defend before my people many things that
I have not voted foriiere, because I differed merely
in policy. If gentlemen differ with me in policy
about the best means to suppress the rebellion, I
certainly have not much complaint lo make of
them. I ascribe to them the same honest and con-
scientious motives which dictate my own conduct;
and although they may adoprmeasures which ill
ray heart I believe will du no good towards the
suppression of the rebellion, theirs may at last be
the best couise of policy. I may be wrong as
well as they. It really seems to me—and I will
take occasion here to say it—that as a matter of
policy I would not pass these amendments; I
would have nothing to do with the question, be-
cause I believe the military authorities now have
the power, and ought to cxercise it, to bring into
the service whoever may be necessary to put* the
rebellion down; and if the military commandeis
want to take slaves in the disloyal States, or even
in the loyal States, be it so. No loyal man will
complain of it; but he will complain if you enact
laws which merely on one hour's service will
make his slave free.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator to
say that he believed the President of the United
States had the power to do this, and that he ought
to exercise it under certain circumstanced.
Mr. HENDERSON. As I stated before, I am
no military man; but I was once in the service of
the counti y, and I took slaves and worked them
on a railroad.
Mr. GRIMES. The necessity which exists for
this provision grows out of the fact that there is
no method of paying these persons without the
passage of such a law as this; and colored persons
who have been enrolled in the military service of
the United States, or in some of the collateral
branches of the public service, are being disbanded
because of the want of such a provision.
Mr.HENDERSON. Thatisjustthe difficulty.
I do not want these slaves enrolled in the military
service. I voted against that proposition. I do
not want them taken into the seivice and used as
soldiers at all. I would use them in all service
except that. I do not believe they will help you
any. That is my opinion about it. I am satis-
fied that they will not. In the first place, they
know nothing of the use of arms; and, in the sec-
ond place, if you have to wait to instruct negroes
in the use of aims, and in the discipline necessary
to make good soldiers before you strike at this.re-
bellion, let me tell you the rebellion is a success.
That is all I desire to say in reference to that. As
a question of policy, I think the matter is against
you*, as a question of expediency, I think the mat-
ter is against you.
But, sir, there are many things they can do.
They can use the spade; they can use the hoe;
they can use the pick; and they can drive wagons.
For all these matters, except military service, it
is perfectly competent now for the quartermas-
ter's department to take them. I say I would use
them, and require the quartermaster's department,
under the general appropriation bill, to pay for
their service and labor; and 1 am frank to say the
loyal slaveholders will sustain me in it. I would
use them wheiever I could use them to put down
the rebellion; not as soldiers, because I believe—
I know you differ with me—they will do you no
good, f believe that, for every good soldier you
would get among them, you will lose a white man
who will be driven off by his prejudices against
legislation of this character. I may as well be
frank. I may as well tell you what I believe. I
think the day has come when it is absolutely es-
sential for men to talk out and say what they be-
lieve, and what they know in reference to this thing.
These are my opinions. I give them frankly. I
am aware that gentlemen do not agree with me.
Now, sir, how many negroes are you going to
take? How many do you want? This bill will
give you the light to take all the free, and it will
give you the right to take all the slaves. Suppose
the Government makes a mistake and gets the
slave of a loyal man. Then I say the loyal man
ought to be paid for the slave. It would be wrong
to turn him loose. If it is necessary, go and take
the slaves of loyal men and use them in building
fortifications. They have been so used. I know
plenty of loyal men in Missouri who have taken
their negroes and made them do service in that
way in favor of the Union. Shall that make them
free? Are you going to legislate them free in con-
sequence of that act? I say, no. It is an insti-
tution recognized by State law, and it is not for us
to tear down that institution which has been rec-
ognized by the people of the State, the only per-
sons properly having jurisdiction over, it.
Now, how many do you want? I believe there
are nearly four million slaves in the country.
There are half a million of them in the non-seced-
ing States; perhaps not over four hundred and
twenty-five thousand. "You can get just as many
of them as you want to pay for. You can get ten
times as many as you want irfthe seceding States.
You can get all you desire to put into the service
under this law; or, under the law as I propose to
amend it, you may take the slaves of every rebel
in my own State. How many do you suppose
the adoption of my amendment will exclude you
from taking? Some gentlemen say, why notgive
us the slaves of loyal men in the border slave-
holding States? At the first blush it does look to
be a matter of justice; but how much do you get
by it? Let me tell you a loyal man will feel rather
badly to have his slave taken by the President of
the United States and put into the Army by his
side. He may tolerate agreatdeal better the taking
of the slave of the rebel; but he will not like to
have his own slave taken from home, when he
himself is fighting the battles of the country; and
nearly every man in the border slaveholding States
is so engaged. They all have to do it once in a
while. Nearly all of them have been or are now
in the service. A loyal man in one of those States
will dislike very much to have his slave, whom lie
left at home attending to his family, brought into
the service; and I think the slave himself would
thank you much more if you would leave him at
home where his master left him, and where, iir
ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, he would be
better off than if you enlisted him and took him
away. That is my opinion; and hence it is that
I propose this amendment; and I hope it may be
adopted. By rejecting my amendment you will
not get one hundred thousand slaves, including
the old and infirm, children, and everybody else.
You have as many slaves as you want; you have
as many persons of color as you desire through-
out the bioad expanse of these seceding States. I
have said enough, Mr. President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri to the amendment,
and on that amendment the yeas atid nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Hi owning, Cowan, Davis,
Henderson, Lane of Indiana, McDou<m!1, Powell, Rico,
Staik, Willey,,Wilson of Missmii i, and Wright—13.
NAYS—Messrs. OhandSoi, Clark, Collamer, Doolitile,
Fessonden, Foot, Gurnet, Uale, Harlan, Hariis, Howard,
King, Lane ot' Knn&a-, Morrill, Pomeiov, Shctman, £nn-
mon«, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilkinson, WUmot.and Wilson
of Massachusetts—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer another
amendment, to add at the end of this first section:
Provided, That all loyal persons entitled to the service or
laboi of peisous employed under the piovisions of this act
shall be compensated lor the lo&s of such spiviec.
Mr. HALE. I should like to amend that by
inserting the words, " by the laws of the State in
which they reside."
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Missouri accept that modification of his
amendment ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Sen atot accepts
that, I wish to move an amendment fixing the
amount of damages by the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The nmpnd-
ment can only be altered by the assentof the Sen-
ator from Missouri. It is an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON". I readily perceive what
the Senator from Ohio is aiming at; but I do not
know what will bedone with this proposition sub-
sequently, and hence I want this amendment put
on the first section now. 1 do not know whether the
Senate will make free all the slaves who may be em-
ployed under this section or not. I cannot foretell
what will be the action of the Senate; therefore,
while we are upon this section, I want to ingraft
an amendmentupon it in such language that if you
do make the slg,ve employed free, the loyal owner
shall be compensated for the service lost; that is,
the entire use of the slave if you make him free.
If you returned him to his owner, you compen-
sated him for the time he was employed in the ser-
vice. The language of this amendment, I thought,
would accomplish the object, whatever may be
the action of the Senate.
Mr, SHERMAN. The trouble is, if a slave is
paid for his services under the operation of the
