2272.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21.
tleraan declined for the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who simply desired to correct
his misstatement of figures.
Mr. VOORHEES. I was not making a per-
sonal attack upon the gentleman from Vermont,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is out of order, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
having- declined to yield.
Mr. KELLEY. The labor of the country will
pay these taxes—the property of the country, the
accumulated labor, as well as the current labor;
but how much less will they have to pay if we
fail to make the South pay its just proportion of
the expenses of the war; if we fail to listen to the
able and eloquent appeal of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Noell,] who yesterday conjured
us to pass a confiscation bill that will carry the
property of the rebels in Missouri, as well as in
the other States, into the national Treasury to-
wards paying the expenses of the war? How, I
ask, will such unwise and degrading conduct re-
lieve the patriotic laborers of the loyal States?
What does the gentleman propose to do ? What
one practical suggestion does his speech embody
or express? What one word of encouragement
to the soldier in the field or the sailor on the
wave did he utter? And how do his remarks
teem with inspiration to the rebels and their coun-
selors !
Look at the credit of the country. Let us see
what the world says, what it thinks of the hon-
esty and fairness of the present Administration.
A little more than a year ago Abraham Lincoln
became President of the United States. On the
4th day of July last the American Congress as-
sembled to receive his first message. Your Treas-
ury was bankrupt, your paper was hawked on
the streets at twelve per cent, per annum interest,
and could be sold in but small parcels, and below
par, at that rate. Your bonds were coming home,
to be sold at any sacrifice, from every land where
people had invested in your credit. Your own
people lacked confidence. But when it became
apparent that the Democratic party was dead be-
yond resurrection, that honesty of purpose, pa-
triotism, and wisdom had taken possession of the
reins of Government, confidence returned. Our
capitalists have thrice tendered money m sums of
$50,000,000 at an offer, and the bankers of Lon-
don and the continent are repurchasing at a pre-
mium on par the bonds they gladly sold at any
sacrifice but a little over a year ago.
The gentleman seems to sigh for the restoration
of the Democratic party. Sir, I cannot hear the
aspiration uttered without thinking of a scene the
traveler among the Swiss mountains beholds. As
you ascend the Riglii side to catch a view of the
glowing sunset from the Kulm, you come upon a
broad space, stretching away as far as the eye can
reach, apparently for leagues, upon the broken
and barren surface of which no weed or grass
takes root. Your guide or guide-book tells you
that there, near the base of that desolate scene,
once stood the thriving and happy village of Gol-
dau, with its churches, its mansions, its hamlets.
When the land-slide took place, and the earth, a
full hundred feet deep, over all that space was
loosed from its bed and went thundering into the
valley, it buried the beautiful village. Under that
mighty mass its ruins still lie. Goldau was not
of sufficient importance to invite such excavations
as have been made in the vicinity of Herculaneum
and Pompeii. But had it been more important, the
vast weight and depth of earth and rock heaped
upon its ruins would preclude the undertaking.
The eye of man will never behold the ruins of
Goldau. For it there is no resuscitation. But,
sir, until that buried village shall again welcome
the rising sun, the Democratic party, as we have
known it, can never exist. Goldau wrought not
its own ruin; but the Democratic party wrought
a land-slide upon the mountain of time and civil-
' ization which the traveler in all ages will mark
with horror, and buried itself under a mass of
rums so deep, so grand, so awful, that no measure
of energy or enterprise can revive it with all its
dishonesty of action and barbarism of purpose.
But, sir, what was the subject of the gentle-
man's speech? Was it the corruption of the Gov-
ernment? Was it the tariff? Was it emancipa-
tion ? Or was it a good electioneering document ?
It had an object, although the listener did not
readily discover it. We are engaged in war. We
live in a time and in the midst of a war of which
Stephen A. Douglas spoke as follows:
" There can lie no neutrals ill this war, only patriots or
traitors. It is not a party question nor a question involv-
ing partisan policy. It is a question of Government or no
Government, country or no country."
Tell me, if you can, from the remarks you have
heard, whether the gentleman is for Government
or no Government, country or no country, for I
could not discover it. If, Mr. Speaker, we were
to declare a peace upon such terms as the gentle-
man seems to indicate, there would be neither
country nor party for us. Men who have gone to
war with the unholy purpose of the leaders of this
southern rebellion, and who can conduct a war as
they have conducted it, who have persecuted and
driven out alike men, women, and children from
the land their fathers owned, and from the homes
of their birth, would leave no country and no party
to the people of this country should they prove
victorious. We must be on one side or the other
now. There must be victory to the rebels or vic-
tory to the Government. We have been forced
to a trial of arms,^nd the great question can only
be decided by one side having their necks under
the heels of the other, to borrow a figure from
the gentleman. He tells us he does not want to
see the necks of the rebels brought under our heel.
I tell him that the loyal people of the country will
not put their necks under the heels of the rebels,
and therefore it must be fought out, and fought
to the bitter end, which end must, if need be, if
so the rebels choose, result in holding a subjugated
people under the rule of those whose Constitution
is the supreme law of the land they occupy.
Mr. LANSING. I must resume the floor.
There is already too little time of my hourremain-
ing to enable me to submit the remarks I desire to
make.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to proceed. I shall be through very
speedily.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I hope this will not be
taken out of the time of the gentleman from New
York.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from New York will be allowed his full
hour.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object. This inter-
ruption must come out of the gentleman's time.
Mr. LANSING. I must then resume the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. Of course, if the gentleman
insists upon the floor I must yield. I cannot write
out the remarks I would make. I shall have to
wait until I con get the floor.
Mr. LANSING. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the confiscation of the property of those who
have originated and taken up arms in aid of this
most wicked rebellion, a rebellion which has not
a single excuse orjustification for the unparalleled
and atrocious crimes it has perpetrated, nol only
against the cause of good government, butagainst
human nature itself. There seems to me no prop-
osition more just and equitable than that those
who created the enormous expenses of quelling
this insurrection should, to the extent of their
means, contribute to their payment. But we are
told by gentlemen in this House that the Consti-
tution stands in the way of a proposition prompted
alike by justice and common sense. I cannot be-
lieve that an instrument framed by men who, in
the language of Chancellor Kent, lead us " to
wonder at the strength and stretch of the human
understanding," contains provisions which pre-
vent legislation so eminently proper and so sternly
demanded injustice to loyalty and in punishment
of treason. Those who luive, by their disregard
of the Constitution, and treason against it, put
themselves beyond the pale of its protection, cer-
tainly are not entitled to any strained construction
in their favor, after they have, by the force of
arms, been reduced to subjection.
I shall not enter atlength into the constitutional
argument upon this question. It is sufficient for
me simply to say that the provision of the Con-
stitution, to the effect that " no attainder of trea-
son shall ivork corruption of blood or forfeiture
during the life of the person attainted," does not
prevent Congress from taking or confiscating the
property of the present race of rebels to pay the
expenses of this unholy war, and incidentally as
a punishment to them and a terror to traitors ill
the future. The attainder here spoken of is the
disability arising from a conviction for treason by
due presentment, indictment, and trial according
to the course of the common law, This is a lim-
itation to the punishment of treason as a crime.
It is not a restriction upon the power of Congress
to pass a law confiscating the property of the reb-
els as an indemnity to the Government for the ex-
traordinary expenses of this war. And although
attainder is a legal term, yetit has a history which
has given it a meaning. There were days in which
despots put to death subjects for treasons they
never committed or imagined, in order to seize
their estates, for by the common law treason
corrupted or attainted the blood of the traitor, so
that his kindred could not inherit his property,
and it thus fell to the Crown. Our Constitution
guards against this tyranny in the provision to
which I have alluded; but that is a forced con-
struction which makes this clause prevent the con-
fiscation of the property of men black with treason
as a compensation and indemnity for the expense
of the war.
But it is said if we deal thus severely with our
erring brethren we shall so embitter and alienate
them from us that we shall forever be unable to
reconcile them or restore the Union, or, as it has
been said on the other side of the House, we shall
drive the South to arms. Well, sir, it would
really seem that they are already somewhat ex-
cited, and that the bloody and disastrous fields of
Great Bethel, Bull Run, and Ball's Bluff, and the
detention' and treatment of our prisoners, indicate
that they mean desperate and relentless war—war
without any of the alleviations that attach to it in
civilized and Christian lands. Before yielding to
the force of this argument, I should desire to see
some evidence of their placability or some pros-
pect that they might, even by disgraceful and de-
grading compromises, be reconciled to the duties
of good citizens and obedient subjects. I see no
mitigation of those atrocities that put to shame
the barbarities of savage warfare, and which will
forever stand in history as an infamous illustra-
tion of the tendency and character of the associa-
tions and institutions amidst which they have been
reared. We are not called upon to practice any
further forbearance towards these men than that
which humanity and Christianity absolutely de-
mand. They have repudiated the demands and
confiscated the property of loyal men; they have
violated all the rules of civilized warfare by shoot-
ing pickets; by the revolting treatment of those
wounded and slain in battle,which themost damn-
ing evidence fastens upon them; by the employ-
ment of Indian savages in the field, inflamed by
falsehood and the white man's fire-water. They
have compelled men who would still cling to the
Government and the flag they love to fight against
it or suffer death, or imprisonment worse than
death; they have shot down, as at New Orleans,
women and children who greeted the restoration
of the stars and stripes, and when driven by hon-
orable warfare from fort or field leave behind them
concealed infernal machines to inflict the death
they dare not face, and burn and destroy as they
flee.
The history of this war must be well attested
or future generations will discredit the infamous
record it will make. Perhaps it was best that so
cruel and causeless a rebellion, to promote and se-
cure the interest of so unjust an institution as that
which originated it, should be attended by such
barbarities as would, when it was suppressed and
annihilated, deprive the cause and its authors in
all time to come of the least sympathy or respect,
and pour over both the waves of a world's execra-
tion. No deeds of heroism, no obstinacy of en-
durance, no self-denial or sacrifices in such a cause,
can blazon the evil deeds or consecrate the crimes
which will constitute the darkest and bloodiest
picture in all the book of time. The student of
history in after ages will pause in wonder and hor-
ror as he reads the record of this rebellion, and be-
holds for the first time a great and united people,
enjoying more of individual freedom and exemp-
tion from the burdensof civil government than any
people have yet done, leading the van among the
nations in the march of empire, challenging and
compelling the respect and admiration of the world
for their triumphs in every field of genius and in
every trial of power, at once, without one single
wrong to redress or grief to heal, tlirown-by am-
bitious and unprincipled conspirators into all the
horrors of civil feud and intestine war. This hor-
ror will be increased when it is learned that the
