1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
consideration, that we may come to aconelusion
upon it, and I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from New Hampshire,
no objection being made, that report is now before
the Senate for consideration, upon which the Sen-
ator from NewHampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds in his remarks, I have a motion to make
in relation to this topic. At the request of Mr.
Stanton, who claims a seat here, I move that Mr.
Stanton be permitted to be heard on the floor of
the Senate in relation to this question before the
decision is made. There are precedents for this
privilege, and there are precedents against it. It
rests in the discretion of the Senate. Ho informs
me that he wishes to make but a few remarks,
but thosc'few remarks he thinks very important
to him. I move, therefore, that he be permitted
the privilege of being heard "on this subject before
the Senate.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
that Frederic P. Stanton be admitted on the floor
to address the Senate on the pending question.
Mr. HALE. I certainly have endeavored to be
as impartial in this matter as it is possible to be,
but I think this is a departure from the ordinary
practice of the Senate. I know, as the Senator
from Vermont says, there have been precedents
of that sort. I remember but one for the last
eighteen years, and that was whore the contestant
had been for many years a member of the body.
That privilege has been granted or.ce within the
last eighteen years, and I think but once; and un-
less there are some extraordinary reasons why_it
should be granted now, I should be opposed to it.
It is a departure from the ordinary, but not uni-
versal, practice of the Senate.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays 011 the motion, in order to get a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. RICE. I should like to call the attention
of the Senate to the rules. I may be incorrect,
but it appears to me that before this privilege can
bo granted the rules must be changed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.Foot 111
the chair.) The'yeas and nays have been ordered
and called. Any question touching it must come
up after the announcement of the result, on a mo-
tion to reconsider, or some appropriate motion.
The result was announced—yeas 32, nays 4;
as follows:
YEAS—Mcs^is. Anthony, Blight, Browning, Oarliie,
Chandler, Clatk, Coltamei, Dave,, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hailan, Harris, Howe. Johnson,
Kin<*, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham. McDou-
gall,°MoinlI,Ne<mith, l'carce, Pomeioy, Powell, Simmons,
Ten Evck, Tiiuttbull, Wade, and Wilson— 33.
NAYS—Mcssis. Dixon, ilale, Sumner, and Wilkin-
son—4.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the motion
is carried. Mr. Fredciic P. Stanton is admitted
to a seat 011 the floor of the Senate during the
pendency of this question, and entitled to address
the Senate on the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will interpose for a
moment on a motion to reconsider. I voted tor the
motion which has just been adopted, but I under-
stand that the Senator from Minnesota thinks that
it will require a change of the rules. Merely to
give him time to examine that subject, I move to
reconsider. I shall withdraw the motion, unless
it is found to be sustained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question js on the reconsideration. j
Mr. RICE. I inquire of the Chair if there is
not some standing rule bearing on this question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
unable to answer the question without examina-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I wish the rule the benator refers
to may be lead.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It there be any
such standing rule as is indicated by the Senatoi
from Minnesota, it will be read as soon as it can
be found.
Mr. PEAE.CE. 1 do not know that there is
any precise rule 011 the subject; but I know some-
thing about the usage of the Senate.^ I can recall
probably to your own recollection, sir, one case
the case of Messrs Yulee and Mallory, in which
Mr. Yulee was admitted to the floor of the Sen-
ate, and did delivcra long discourse—such along
one that I believe the Senate, after some three
hours, were obliged to cut it short.
Mr. HALE. I suppose that the rule the Sen-
ator from Minnesota refers to is rule 19, which,
with the permission of the Chair, I will read:
" No motion shall be deemed in order to admit any per-
son or persons whatsoever within the doors of the Senate
Chamber to present any petition, memorial, or address, or
to hear any such read."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote admitting Mr. Stan-
ton to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the rule be read
again. I could not hear it.
The Secretary read the 19th rule.
The motion to reconsider was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Mr. Stanton
will be admitted to a seat on the floor during the_
pendency of this question, with the ^privilege of
addressing the Senate on the resolutions before
the body. The question before the Senate is on
the following resolutions, reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That James II. Lane is not entitled to a seat
in tins bodv.
Resolved, That Frederic P. Stanton is entitled to a seat
in this body.
Mr. CLARK. By the permission of the Sen-
ate, I will move to strike out the word " not" in
the first resolution, so as to bring the Senate di-
rectly to a vote upon the merits of the claim of
the sitting Senator.
I have, Mr. President, some little hesitation in
attempting to discuss this question against the
report of the Judiciary Committee. There has
prevailed in the minds of Senators at times—I do
not know that it is so now—{in impression that it
is better to follow the report of the committee 011
such questions; that when the Senate have in-
trusted a question like this to a committee and the
committee have made a report, it is safer for Sen-
ators to follow the report of the committee. I so
cntiiely disagree, however, with the reportmthis
case, that I venture at this time to make some sug-
gestions against the conclusions to which the com-
mittee have come. I was fully satisfied the other
day with the suggestion made by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Harris,] for I think it covers a
ground which is decisive of this case; but as the
report was elaborately argued by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] I propose to follow
him upon all the points which lie argued to the
Senate; and 1 think I can successfully show that
the opposite ground is the true ground for the
Senate to take.
The committee r-■ 1 inrt that
<;TbP sitting member. Hon. James II. Lane, was by the
Executive appointed a bugadicr geneial in the volunteer
loices of the United States on the 20th of June."
I propose to take issue 011 that statement, and
show that he was not appointed by the President.
They report that lie accepted that appointment.
I propose to dispute that point, and 1 think lean
show that he did not accept the appointment.
They report that" he accepted said appointment,
and was legally qualified to perform its duties."
I 1 ropose to show that he was not qualified to per-
form any such duties, nor did he lose his seat by
any pretended appointment, or by any pretended
acceptance1.
There is no doubt of the pioper election of the
sitting Senator from Kansas in April last; there
is no doubt that he is entitled to hold his seat
unless he bus lost it by being appointed to and
accepting the office of brigadier general in the vol-
unteer forces of the United States while he was a
member ofthe Senate. It is not sufficient that he
held that office when lie was not a member, not
even after he was elected, but he must have held
the office when he was a member of the Senate.
I will consider that giouud first on the report
made here and on the statement of the honorable
Senator. He was elected a Senator in April. On
the 20th of June, call it an appointment if you
choose, he was appointed a brigadier gem ral in
the volunteer forces, and at or about that time lie
was sworn. On the next day, or the next day
but one.hewenUo the Commanding General,and
being informed that he could not hold both offices,
he said he would not hold the office ot brigadier.
He went to the President and told him he would
not hold the office of brigadier. He went to the
Secretary of War and told him that he would not
hold the office of brigadier. All this was about
the 20th of Juno, or a few days after it.
Now, sir, if the office of brigadier,general was
one under the United States, if Mr. Lane was
properly appointed to it, if he accepted it, if he
held it, yet if he resigned that office before he toolc
his seat in the Senate and was sworn, in as aSen-
ator, it does not disqualify him. That point lias
been decided two or three times over. James -H.
Lane was elected in April. He was appointed
brigadier general, as they say, on the 90th of June;
he resigned it about that time; but he did not come
into the Senate and accept the position of Sena-
tor and be sworn and become a member of this
body until the 4th day of July. That concludes
the whole question. The Constitution says he
must have held the office while he was a member.
He was not a member till he was sworn in.
Before that time.if he held the office at all, he had
resigned it.
I am not without authority. The very case
cited by the Senator from Connecticut covers this
distinct ground; it was the case of Mr. Van Ness,
of New York. "The acceptance by a member
of any oflice under the United States, after he has
been elected and taken his seat in Congress"—-
that is the point—" operates as a forfeiture of the
seat." Here the Senator had not taken his seat;
he had a right to hold the oflice; he was only a
Senator elect; he was not an actual member of the
Senate. But the case is not left upon that. The
case of Charles Hammond against Samuel Hcr-
rick, of Ohio, came up in 1817. This was the
state of facts: "The sitting member was elected
to Congress in October, 1816, being then in com-
mission as district attorney of the United States.
On the 29th of November, 1817";—more than a
year afterwards—" he resigned his oflice of dis-
trict attorney, and on the 1st day of December
following took his seat in Congress." The mem-
ber was elected in October, 1816; he held his oflice
more than a year, and up to the 1st of December,
1817, and then resigned and took his scat in Con-
gress. It was decided that " he was not rendered
incapable of being a member of the House by
reason of his having held the said office after the
4th of March, and until the'29th of November,
1817." Then there was an inquiry as to the time
when the rights of membership commenced.
In the case of Earl, of South Carolina, it was
decided that " continuing to execute the duties of
an office under the United States, after one is
elccted to Congiess, but before he takes his seat,
is not a disqualification, such office being resigned
prior to taking his seat." In the case of Mum-
ford, of North Carolina, it was decided that" the
formal resignation of an office held by a member
elect is not necessary, if the duties have so far
ceased as to have operated a virtual resignation
of the office."
There are four cases in which this very doctrine
has been recognized, that where a member elect
holds an office which would disqualify him from
being a Senator orRcpresentative, butresigns his
oflice before he is sworn in, it does not disqualify
him from being a member, because you will see,
Mr. President^ that the language of the Constitu-
tion is precise in regard to it: " No person holding
ofthe House of Representatives or Senate while
be holds that office. He may hold the office until
he comes to take his seat and be sworn as a mem-
ber; and then if he does not resign it, it operates
as a resignation of his seat in the Senate or House.
I do not'dispute, I do not question that doctrine.
I do not for a moment contend that if the benator
from KansasholdiinofficeundertheUnitcd States,
I do not admit that the oflice of brigadier general
of volunteers was one under the United States—
but if he did hold an oflice under the United States
after he was sworn in, then he has lost his claim
to the scat; but I say he did not do that, and the
facts show that he did not do it. His statement
on this point is undisputed by anybody;it can be
attested by his colleague, who I understand was
with him when he went to the Secretary of War,
when he went to General Seott, and when he went
to the President and declared to them all that he
would not hold the office.
Here, sir, I want to make a remark, if you will
permit, mo in this place, in reganl to something
that fell from the Senator from Connecticut the
othrr day. It perhaps might be more approprmte
, in another place, but as it occurs to my
