3234
THE -COK&RESSiQ'NAL GLOBE.
July 10,
case, in charging" thefgrand jury,he charged that
& person who aided in this rebellion might be in-
dicted for treason as a principal, and that he might
be convicted in a State where he rendered the aid,
or where the crime.was committed. He so ex-
pressly charged the jury, as I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. -To avoid all controversy
about it, I will insert the,words, "levied \yar,
or," so that the amendment will read:
.- Wfto,durmgtheprescntrebel)ionj has levied warorbornc
arms against the United States, or adhered to their enemies
by giving them aid and comfort.
I think it will be well to have it broad enough.
■ Mr. HOWARD. I will take the liberty of sug-
gesting to the Senator from Ohio that the latter
part of his amendment will be entirely inapplica-
ble to the existing state of things, because it has
been decided over and over that the crime of ad-
hering to the enemies of the United States is the
crime of adhering to the foreign enemies of the
United States; thatthat clause in the Constitution
does not apply to the case of domestic rebels or
insurgents.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator had been in
a little sooner, he would.have heard that matter
explained. The decision of Judge Swayne lias
been very much misrepresented. The decision
grew up on a technical objection to an indictment.
If I understand it correctly—I may not be very ac-
curate, but I think I can give the substance of it
—the allegation in the indictment was that the de-
fendant had aided and assisted in committing an
act of treason by giving them aid and comfort.
The judge decided that they must be all principals
in treason; that there could not be a crime of that
kind. It was a question of the sufficiency of the
indictment rather than of construction of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. HOWARD. No, Mr. President, thejudge
did not decide that point, because it did not :u ise,
as to whether all were principals in treason. We
know very well they are all principals in treason.
The point which the judge decided, if I recollect
rightly, and I read his decision as reported in the
newspapers, was this: that there was at that time
no lawof the United States which made it a crime
in any individual to adhere to, orgive aid and com-
fort to persons engaged in this insurrection; that
there was a hiatus in the law; that Congress had
nut legislated in such a manner as to cover such
a case as adhering to icbels, giving rebels aid and
comfort; and in that case the indictment charged
the accused with having adhered to persons who
were rebels, and with having given them aid and
comfort, i think thejudge wns entirely right in
his decision. It is the fault ofCongress that the
person then accused was discharged, and not the
fault of Judge Swayne.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission of
the Senator, I desire to ask him a question. I
know he is a good lawyer. I ask him if a party
were indicted, and if the allegation in the indict-
ment wns that the defendant had adhered to the
public enemies of the country, giving them aid
and comfort, and on the trial it should turn out that
instead of its being a public enemy, a foreign en-
emy, he was giving money to rebels in this coun-
try, if he would suffer the defendant to be found
guilty on that indictment?
Mr. HOWARD. I should not.
Mr. HENDERSON./ That is what Judge
Swayne decided; but ho decided in addition to
that, as I undeistand it has always been decided
in the courts, that any-act whatever of aid and
comfort to rebels in arms;"was levying war; that
is, any act of aid and comfort to the rebels which
would be adhering to the public enemy, giving
them aid and comfort ki case it was a foreign en-
emy, would be " levying war" under the other
provision of the Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand Judge
Swayne to have decided 111 that way to that ex-
tent.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 understand he followed
the decisions of the court previously on that sub-
ject.
Mr. HOWARD. I am quite sure he did not go
to that extent. It was not necessary in the case,
and I doubt if he would go out of the record to
decide any point.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is just what he de-
cided.
Mr. GRIMES. If i do not misapprehend the
question,thetlecisionof Judge Swayne is not-now
under consideration, but the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, and I hope the vote may be
taken upon it.
Mr. KING. The amendment of the Senator
from Ohio proposes to limit the effect of the act, so
far as it confers freedom on persons who serve the
United States under the act, to those who are the
slaves of rebels, while the section, without his
■amendment, extends freedom to all who serve the
United States. The amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio, therefore, is a limitation, lim-
iting the operation of the section to the slaves of
rebels. I am in favor of the original proposition.
I do not propose to argue it; l}ut I desired to state
it, so that we should distinctly understand it. I
prefer tvid I think that all who serve the nation
under the circumstance should be made free. The
first section of the amendment which has been
adopted would give the masters, if loyal persons,
compensation.
Mr. SHERMAN. When we take the slave of
aloyal man and make him work for us, I do not,
for that reason, wish to deprive the master entirely
of what he regards as his property, or what is re-
garded by local law as his property. If we inflict
injury on him by taking his property and using
it'for the time being, we certainly should not, in
addition to that, deprive him of his property alto-
gether. The slave is in no worse condition than
he was before; and I think it would be grossly
unjust and improper now, or at any time, to de-
prive the owner of a slave of the legal right to the
service of his slave, if he is a loyal and true man,
and has done his duty in this emergency. 1 cer-
tainly would not vote for such a proposition.
Mr. KING. When we take a slave to serve
the country in this emergency, my own opinion
is that he should be made free, whether he belongs
to a rebel or not. 1 should like to have a division
on this amendment so as to have an opportunity
to record my vote upon it. It is mo plain a prop-
osition that it does not need any discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask for the yeas and nays ?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir; I am opposed to the lim-
itation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to the second section, and on that question the
yeas and nays are requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
'■Mr. HALE. I ask that the amendment on
which we are about to vote be read.
The Secretary read the nmendmeii t to the amend-
ment, to insert after the word "descent," in the
second line, the wouls " who by the laws of any
State shall owe service or labor to any person
who, during the present rebellion, has levied war
or borne arms against the United States, oradhei ed
to their enemies by giving them aid and comfort;"
so that the section will read:
That when any man or boy of African descent, who l>y
the laws of any State shall owe service or labor to any per-
son who, during the present leheihon, has levied war or
borne arms against the United Slates, or adhered to their
enemies by giving them aid and coinforl, shall render any
such service as Is provided for in the first section of this
act, lie, ills mother, and his wife mid children shall forever
thcieaftor bo free, any law, usage, or custom whatsoever
to the contrary notwithstanding.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Coiiainer, Cowan,
Davis, Dooiittle, Foster, llaitis, Ilemleison, llowaid,
Howe, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, itiec, Sher-
man, Simmons, Stark. Ten Eyek, VYiiley, Wilson of Mis-
souri, and Wright—02.
NAYS—Me-^r-. Chandler, Clark, Foot, Grimes, Hale,
Ilailan, King, Lane <>l Kansas Morrill, Pomeiov, Sumnoi,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson. Wilmot, and W ilson of Mas-
sachusetts—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the second section of the amendment as
amended.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 wish to move another
amendment to that section in the seventh line, by
striking out the words " his mother, and his wife
and children;" so that it will read:
That when any man or boy of African descent, &c., shall
render any such service as is provided for m the first sec-
tion of this act, he shall forever thcrealtcr be fiec, &.c.
Mr. President, I have no doubt about the pro-
priety of what is provided for in this proposition,
eo far as wc have proceeded with it; and there is
as little doubt that all that is provided for in the
first and second sections could be done as well
without it as with it. I do hot doubt the power,
the right, the duty of the Government to employ
all people of African descent belonging to rebels
to aid io the suppression of the rebellion and to aid
in the support of the Government. 1 think it is
not only within the competency of the Government
so to use and employ them, but I think it is the
duty of the Government to do it. As long ago as
March last I expressed my own views on this sub-
ject in these, words:
" The same principles are applicable to slaves as to other
property, and no officer should be perm itted to use the forces
under Ills command in repelling fugitives iioro the lines,or
in arresting or returning them to lebel matters; but they
should be received and used in whatever way they could
be made most available and efficient in the piosecution ot
the war. All who can bo advantageously used should he
used. Let them do the drudgery and labor which would
otherwise devolve oil our soldiers; let them open roads,
build bridges, dig ditches and tretichcs, ereet foitifications,
and do labor of every kind whieh may lie needed by a large
ai my; and if need be, to save the Government from over-
throw, the country from ruin, and our homes from desola-
tion. let tliem be tormed into companies and regiments and
drilled and disciplined and armed, and take their chances
of wounds and death in the front of battle."
These were the opinions I entertained then;
they are the opinions I entertain now. When it
shall become necessary to do this is to be determ-
ined as other military necessities are, by the ex-
igencies of the moment, or upon consideration of
the exigencies of the moment by the Commander-
in-Chief pf the armies, or ihose who may bo in
command at the time being, and in the place where
such services may be required. This bill leaves
that matter so to be'determined; itleaves the whole
thing to the discretion of the President. I have
entire confidence in the judgment, patriotism, and
discretion of the President. I entertain no doubt
that his discretion will be well and wisely used;
and as the bill provides for nothing which, m my
judgment, it is not competent for him to do, and
which it has been competent for him to do at any
moment since the war began, as it does not at ail
interfere with the constitutional prerogatives of
the President, or attempt on our part to judge of
and determine upon military necessities, I shall
very cheerfully give my support to the bill if there
shall be no obnoxious provision left ill it when we
come to record our votes upon its final passage.
Mr. President, there has been a great deal said
at different times about a reluctance to adopt meas-
ures that might be irritating in other quarters. For
one, I have never had any scruple whatever, and
I do not suppose any Senator at any tune has had
any seiuple whatever about enacting1 any neces-
sary measure, however irritating or provoking it
might be to the enemies of the country, to traitors
anil to rebels. I have, however, some scruples
about adopting measures that are irritating and
offensive to our loyal friends, either in the border
Slates or in the rebel States. If a measure was
otherwise indifferent, if we were in no better con-
dition after passing it than we were before, if we
possessed the same power before that we pos-
sessed after it, and the mere passage of it would
be in hating to any loyal man in any of the border
States or any of the rebel States, the very fact that
it would be irritating and offensive to our friends
would be with me a sufficient reason for voting
against it. 1 recognize a distinction, and I desire
pi act! call y to make a distinction, in all my conduct,
in all my legislation, between our loyal friends in
the slave States and rebels and traitors in arms
against the Government. We ought to make, a
distinction; and while we are legislating against
rebels and traitors, we ought to be careful not to
involve our friends in the same measures that are
enacted for the purpose of putting down rebellion
and treason, and bringing the war to a close and
reestablishing the authority of the Government.
It is for the reason that I lecognize the distinc-
tion and desire practically to make a distinction
between friends and enemies, that 1 have moved
the amendment which is now pending before the
Senate. In a very few words, I will call the at-
tention of Senators to it. The provision of the
section is'
That when any man or boy of AOican descent, who by
the law ? of any State shall owe set vice or labor to any per-
son who, during the piesent rebellion, has levied war or
borne arias against the United States, or adhered to their
enemies by giving them aid and comfoit, shall lender any
such service as is provided for initio first section of this act.
he. his mother, and iiis wife and children, shall forever
thereafter be free, any law, usage, or custom whatsoevei to
the contrary notwithstanding.
