292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
I will mention it. In regard to this office of brig--
adier general of volunteers which the Senator from
Kansas proposed to take, the Senator from Con-
necticut said that these were extraordinary times;
that the demands of the country required that the
President should take the course he did; that he
should rise in the exigency of the nation above
the law, above the Constitution, and put men in
office and in place for putting down this rebellion,
and that we all honored him for it. I honor him
for it; but, sir, I ask the Senator from Connecticut
if you honor the President for doing that thing,
if you honor the President for making the officcof
brigadier of the volunteer forces, if you honor
him for putting the Senator from Kansas into that
office, why will you punish the Senator for tak-
ing it? I agree that he issued a patriotic address;
I agree that he attempted to call around him the
choice spirits of Kansas; I agree that his heait
was in the war; and for that purpose you propose
to hang him up on the tenter hooks of condemna-
tion, a spectacle to the nation !
- More, sir; you propose to say he is estopped
from denying that he held the office. Why, sir,
if the doctrine of estoppel was ever odious, it is
doubly odious now when you attempt to estop a
man so patriotic that at his country's call he of-
fered his services to lead her volunteer forces in
the field. INTo, sir, he is not to be estopped; and
if the Senate should punish him, a grateful nation
will applaud and thank him.
Mr. President, the only ground on which you
can excludc the Senator from Kansas is that he
has held an office under the United States. Now,
in order to hold an office, there must be an office
to be held. Old Dr. Nott once said that for the
evolution of talent, there must be talent to be
evolved. So, to hold office, there must be an office
to be held. I maintain that there was no office
here, of the kind to which they attempted to ap-
point the Senator from Kansas, to be held—I mean
no such office known to the laws of the United
States. I find no fault with the precedent cited by
the Senator from Connecticut of the member of
the House of Representatives who held the office
of major of militia in the District of Columbia.
That was an office under the United States—an
office under an act of Congress, established by
Congress; he held it; the House so found, and
hence ho was disqualified. But I maintain, Mr.
President, without fear of any opposition that can-
not be overturned, that there was at that time no
office of brigadier general of volunteers known
under the United States. Every one of the acts
cited by the Senator from Connecticut, so far as
I have examined them, refers to brigadier generals
in the Army, and not 10 brigadier generals of the
volunteer forces. The one is known to, and cre-
ated by the law; the other, at that time, was not
known to, and had not been created by the law;
and if the President attempted to put hmi into an
office which did riot exist, he had a right to accept
it, so far as his seat was concerned, without for-
feiting his seat in this body; because the Consti-
tution is express that only holding an office " under
the United States" forfeited his seat; and ho is
not estopped to deny that the office was not under
the United States. Some of the colonels in your
volunteer forces hold seats in the House of Repre-
sentatives. Why? How? Because their com-
mission comes from the Governor of the State; it
is not an office under the United States; it is an
office under a State. The mischief sought to be
avoided might, to some extent, be occasioned by
their holding these offices, for colonels aie paid
by the General Government when in the service
of the United States; they are under the direction
of the Executive; they are subject to his influence
andcontrol; and you may say they ought not to
hold their seats in the other branch of Congress.
Yet they are not excluded. Youhavegotto con-
strue, 1 taken, this provision of the Constitution
as it reads; and because you find here that a per-
son holding an office under the United States is to
be excluded from his seat, you arc not, therefore,
to judge that a person holding an office under a
State government is to be excluded. If he finds
by the Constitution that he can hold tins office or
that officc, outside of the State government, and not
disqualify him from holding his seat in the Senate
I say you have no right to apply to him the harsh
rule of excluding him from the Senate because he
has done it.
But, Mr. President, I want to make another
point, and 1 ask the Senate's attention, because
these are legal points. I contend—I think I can
do it successfully; I ask the attention of the Sena-
tors to it—that James H. Lane, the sitting Sen-
ator from Kansas, never was appointed by the
President to office under the United States. I know
there is a pretense of an appointment. They read
here this document fiom the Secretary of War—
and, by the way, this does not pretend to be an
appointment which they rely upon as an appoint-
ment—" you are hereby informed,'' says the Sec-
retary of War, " that the President of the United
States has appointed you a brigadier general." It
is only the statement of the Secretary of War that
it has been done; a notice from the Secretary of
War that it had been done; but it was no appoint-
ment by the President himself. The President of
of the United States could not make an appoint-
ment in that-way. The Constitution is express as
to how he shall make an appointment to an office,
and it excludes by implication all other methods
of appointment:
" He shall have power, by and with the advicc and con-
sent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thiidsof
the Senatorspresentconcur; and he shall nominate,and by
and with the advicc and consent of the Senate shall appoint
officers of the United States."
Now, the point is that he cannot appoint until he'
gets the consent of the Senate. Did he attempt to
get the consent of the Senate? When Mr. Lane,
the Senator from Kansas, had delayed to signify
to him his acceptance, and had actually signified
to him that he would not accept the position, he
notified him that he could not be nominated to the
Senate, and he did not attempt to get any nomi-
nation. This point has been settled by the Su-
pieme Court, that aw appointment cannot be made
until the consent of the Senate is procured. But
they say, and the contestant cites an authoiity to
show, that an appointment made by the Presi-
dent in the recess of the Senate to a vacancy may
bo made differently and without the consent of
the Senate. The first answer I have to that is that
there was here no vacancy. If there was any-
thing here, there was thecrcation of an office and
the falling of that office.
But there is another and a full and distinct an-
swer to that. If there had been a vacancy, the
Constitution is express about it—<{ the President
shall have power to fill up all vacancies that may
happen during the recess of the Senate." How?
"By granting commissions," and in no other
way, "which shall expire at the end of their next
session." Now, does the contestant or anybody
else claim that the President granted to Mr. Lane
a commission? Do the Judiciary Committee so
report? Does anybody so pretend? All the pre-
tense of a commission that ever there was is found
in the little note of the President which was cited
by the Senator from Connecticut the other day.
1 will read it; it is very extraordinary. Here is
what Senators must regaid as the appointment,
if there was any; the other was a notice of an
appointment:
Executive Mansion, June 20,18GL
My Dear Sir: Since you $>poke to nie yesterday about
Gencinl J. II. Lane, of Kansas, I have been lcflcotmg upon
the subject, and have concluded that we need ihe f-eivice
of f-ueh a man outtheie at once; that we had bettci ap-
point him a biig.idiei general of voiunteeit to-day, and send
lum off with such authority to raise a ibice (i think tu-o
regiments better than three, but as to tins I am not particu-
lar a.- you think will get lum into actual work quickest.
Tell lum when he <.farts> to put it through—not to be wilting
oi tclcgiaphing back hero, but put it tlnou^h.
Voids, truly, a. lincoln.
Hon. hkcketary of war.
By the way, sir, I would like to express to this
Administiation the wish that when they had
started they "put it through." That is all the !
pretenscof appomtmcntthcreis. Do they say that
that is a commission ? lie could only be appointed
by commission. A commission is a high official
act. It comes under the sign manual of the Pres-
ident; it comes under the seal of the United States. !•
I have here—and I exhibit to the Senate—a com-
mission granted to a captain in the militia of this
District. It is a commission from General An-
diew Jackson, President of the United States,
dated in February, 1S30, addressed to John C.
Fitzpatrick, and runs in this wise:
u By these presents I do appoint him, the said John C.
Fitzpatrick. captain of infantry m the -second legnnent, thud
bugade, of the militia of the Distnct of Columbia."
That was an office known to the United States;
it was such an office that it required the President
to commission the officer. But this office the
President undertook to make, and he undertook
to fill it by a direction of the Secretary of War to
tell General Lane to " put it through."
So much for the appointment. 1 contend that
the pointing out of these two ways of appoint-
ment by the Constitution excludes all other ways.
But you tell me that, though this appointment
was made in this irregular way, Congress after-
wards, on the 22d of July, ratified and confirmed
the act of the President. Here, however, is the
difficulty: the Constitution pointed out the way
the appointment was to be made, and if the Presi-
dent undertook to make it in any other way, it was
not in the power of Congress to ratify anything
which violated the Constitution. Jf it were so,
the President has nothing in the world to do but
to make an appointment outside of the provisions
of the Constitution, and then Congress may rat-
ify it, and have your officer in office. That can-
not be so. The Constitution requires the ap-
pointment to be made in a certain way, and if it
is not made in that way it is not a valid appoint-
ment; notan appointment under the Constitution.
You may say, if the appointee takes the office, it
docs not lie in his mouth to allege that the ap-
pointment was irregular; but I will come to that
point directly; the point I now make is that Con-
gress cannot ratify an appoiotment which was
made in violation of the provisions of the Con-
stitution, because Congress cannot by a ratifica-
tion sdtisfy the violated provisions of the Consti-
tution. It is not in the power of Congress to do
it. The provisions must be answered, or the ap-
pointment is an irregular one.
So much for the appointment, Mr. President.
I now come to theacccptance of that appointment,
and I say that the Senator from Kansas, in no
well-considered sense, in no sense which ought to
bind him, accepted that office. For the establish-
ment of this proposition I rely upon the facts of
the case. He was appointed on or about the 20th
of June, if appointed at all. The pretended ap-
pointment was made on the 20th of June. On or
about that time he went and subscribed the oath
of office. I will let them have the benefit of an
irregularity to which I shall call the attention of
the Senate directly. If they want to play a game
of sharp,-1 say he never took the oath of office
at all; but 3 will not make that point now. I say
here was no intelligible, well-considered accept-
ance of the office by which he should he bound.
Getting this appointment in this irregular way,
anxious to raise the forces, and,as the President
said, '4 to put it through," the Senator from Kan-
sas went at once to a magistrate, took a form of
oath, and he then, as he was required to do by that
pretended appointment, reported himself to Gen-
eral Scott. General Scott told him at once that he
could not hold both positions. " Then I will not
accept the office," said he. JNTow, does anybody
pretend, docs the contestant himself contend, that
he,can catch him up and hold him on that accept-
ance by a form of oath, when,on coming to know
all the facts, he said immediately that he would
not hold the office ? Would you hold anybody to
the acceptance of an office in that way?
There is no doubt, Mr. President, that the Sen-
ator from Kansas intended to take the oath, and
to take this office upon him. He did not under-
stand that it disqualified him from sitting here.
He thought that he could go out and raise his force
in Kansas, that he could then come into the Sen-
ate and hold his scat during the short extra ses-
sion, and then he could go into the field; and that
by the force which would be brought to bear on
this rebellion by the Administration it would be
crushed before the commencement of this session,
and it would not be any impediment to his duties
here. It was a duty and a danger and a sacrifice
that he was willing to take upon himself. " I will
raise these men, and I will lead them in the field;
I will give my time; I will pour out my treasure;
I will pour out my blood for my country; and
then I will serve here in the Halls of Congress."
But when told by the Commanding General that
he could not do that, he yielded to the demands
of his constituents who had placcd him here; and
he said, " I will abide by my seat in the Senate,
and lay down the commission; I will serve my
country as I may." Does any Senator pretend
that that was such an acceptance of the office as
to bind him by it? Is there anybody here that
wants to catch him on these sharp points in that
way, and hold him to a strict accountability? It
