1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
zcns of Blair county and adjacent counties in the
State of Pennsylvania, praying for the establish-
ment of a national armory and foundery at Hol-
lidavsburg, in that State; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
ARMY APPOINTMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first business
in order is a resolution submitted by the Senator
from California, [Mr. McDoggall,] on the 17th
of December last, for information tn relation to
any rale which has been adopted by the War De-
partment in regard to the appointment of officers
of the Army.
Mr. LATHAM. Let that be passed over in-
formally in the absence of my colleague.
ENROLLMENT OF BILLS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next is a res-
olution submitted by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr-. Sumner,] on the 23d of December,
winch will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That tile Committee on Enrolled Bills shall
consider the expediency of changing the joint rules of the
two Houses of Const-ess*, so as no longer torequlie that bills
which have passed both Houses shall be enrolled on parch-
ment; but that they shall be simply copied in a fair hand
on linen paper, and be thus preseived in tiie Departnrentof
State, instead of being preserved in cumbersome rolls of
parchment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see the Senator
fiom Massachusetts who offered that resolution
here. I move that it be passed over.
Mr. HALE. It is only a resolution of inquiry.
Had we not better pass it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a resolution
of inquiry. It might, perhaps, more appropri-
ately be referred to the Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
Mr. HALE. I move that it be so referred.
The motion was agreed to.
ACCOUNTS OF NAVAL OFFICERS AND SEAMEN.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 244)
to provide for the equitable settlement of the ac-
counts of the officers and crews of the Irigate Con-
gress and other vessels; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. HALE. It is suggested to me that the bill
I have just introduced had better be passed at
once. 1 am against passing bills in that way my-
self; but I will state that this is a bill that has been
sent to mo by the Navy Department for the set-
tlement of the accounts of the sailors of the Con-
gress and Cumberland, whose books were lost in
the late engagement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider the bill now.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the accounting officers of the Treasury to settle on
the principles of justice and equity the accounts
of the officers and crews of the United States frig-
ate Congress and the sloop Cumberland, and any
other vessel or vessels of war the books of which
were lost or destroyed in consequence of the na-
val engagementat Hampton Roads on the 8th and
9th of March, 1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
Mr. KING. I desire to call up Senate bill No.
196, to establish a national foundery, for the pur-
pose of assigning a day for its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 19G) for the establishment
of a national foundery and furnace for the fabri-
cation of cannon and projectiles for the Govern-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to a select committee of five, to be ap-
pointed by the Chair. I shall follow that motion
by making another motion that another bill on
the table, authorizing the establishment of an
armory in the western country, at Rock Island,
be also taken up, and referred to the same com-
mittee.
Mr. KING. I hope not. I called up the bill,
as I stated, with a view to assign a day for its |
consideration. If the bill is to pass, as I hope it j
may, it should be acted on promptly. It was |
introduced by the Senator from Massachusetts, I
[Mr. Wilson,] and has received the unanimous
assent of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
was reported by the chairman some time since,
and I hope it will not be referred again. These
bills are here, and may be discussed in open Senate
as well as in committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from New York is first in order, defer-
ring the bill to a day certain. It takes precedence
of a motion to commit.
Mr. GRIMES. There are some very import-
ant questions connected with this subject that
ought, it seems to me, to be laid before the Senate
and before the country in the shape of a report.
It is true that this bill comes from a committee.
A great many other bills come from committees;
but it comes unattended with any suggestions
from that committee as to the necessity of the pro-
posed foundery, as to its cost, as to the particu-
lar geographical location that it should have, all
of which are very important considerations, and
which should be presented to the Senate in some
tangible shape. I am not particular about refer-
ring it to a select committee, but I understood the
chairman of the Military Committee a few days
ago to agree, and he made the suggestion himself,
that both these bills should be referred to a select
committee. He made that proposition to me a
few days ago, and I supposed there was no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. KING. I have heard nothing of that; and
it was with the consent of the chairman that I
called up the bill this morning.
Mr. WILSON ,of Massachusetts. TheCom-
mittee on Military Affairs unanimously reported
this bill in its present form. The Committee on
Naval Affairs reported a bill for an arsenal or
armory in the West. In a conversation the other
day with the Senator from Iowa, who reported
that bill, it was suggested that the whole matter
might possibly be referred to a spccial committee.
I thought then that it would be a good plan. I
see now that there have been in the other House
special committees on this subject, and they have
made a great quantity of reports, and several prop-
ositions—propositions enough to frighten Con-
gress almost from the consideration of the whole
subject. The Senator from Iowa suggests that
that may be a reason why this bill should go to
a special committee. I shall not oppose a refer-
ence to a special committee. I am not sure that
it would not be the best plan to refer both these
bills to a special committee, and have the whole
subject examined and reported upon. As was sug-
gested by tiie Senator from New York, however,
the proposition is very plain and very simple;
the facts can be easily ascertained; and we might,
if we had time, proceed to the consideration of
the subject in open Senate; but the Senator from
Iowa has made a motion to refer to a special com-
mittee, and as chairman of the committee that
reported this bill, I certainly shall not object to
that course if the Senate prefer it.
Mr. KING. I hope the chairman will not as-
sent to that motion. Let us fix a day for its con-
sideration.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If it is the
opinion of the committee who reported the bill to
act on it in the Senate promptly, I do not wish to
act contrary to the views of the committee. I
have no particular wish or desire of my own on
the subject. I think we may do either the one or
the other, and one will be about as short a road
as the other to attain the object wc have m view.
I do not really think it a matter of any great im-
portance whether we proceed to the consideration
of the whole subject in open Senate, or whether
we refer it to a spccial committee for a report.
Mr. COWAN. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa will prevail. This is a subject
which has attracted a good deal of attention
throughout the country, and I shall be very glad
to have it rceeive full and fair consideration.
Mr. KING. I move to fix Wednesday at half
past twelve o'clock for the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. CLARK. That requires a two-thirds vote,
I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A mere postpone-
ment requires only a majority. To make it a
special order requires two thirds.
Mr. KING. Without making it aspecial order,
I move simply that it be postponed to Wednesday
next.
The question being put on the motion to post-
pone, there were, on a division—ayes 15, noes 9;
no quorum voting.
Mr. KING. I suppose the best mode of ascer-
taining the presence of a quorum is to ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I think the main question in
regard to these two bills, or the question which
will perhaps require the most attention of the
Senate and occasion the most delay, will be that
of locality. I think if the whole matter is referred
to a committee, made up from different sections
of the country, it may advance the object and not
delay the bill. The Senator from New York will
permit me to suggest to him that I have no locality
m my mind in regard to it; but if the bill be sent
to a committee, it will advance it more than it will
to come into the Senate here where each man will
have a location for himself. I have no desire to
delay the bill, but I think it will advance it to
have the two go together, and have them consid-
ered with reference to each other. If you take up
one bill, you will discuss that bill, and perhaps,
incidentally, the other bill may be discussed; but
if the two go to a committee, the whole subject may
be considered together. It seems to me that is the
best business arrangement.
Mr. KING. The question of locality was very
fulljr considered by the Committee on Military
Affairs, and has been the subject of a good deal
of conversation. I only desire that that locality
shall be selected which shall be the best for the
whole country; and upon that, I do not think in
the end there will be a very wide difference of opin-
ion, although there will be some of course, as there
always is on questions of locality. Itseems to me
a vote of the Senate is the only vote that can settle
that question. If a committee be appointed to con-
sider it, it will necessarily be expected that all in-
terests and opinions shall be represented upon it;
and, in my judgment, if that be the case, it is
doubtful whether a committee can very well agree
upon a locality. They would be likely to differ,
they would go there with their local opinions. I,
however, of course, must abide the action of the
Senate. I think the bill had better come up on
Wednesday; and as the location is the principal
question, a vote of the Senate Gan be taken upon
it and determine it. 1 hope, therefore, the bill
may go over to Wednesday, when the subject can
be more definitely and finally acted upon.
Mr. CLARK. It is suggested by the Senator
from New York that a committee would not be
likely to agree. I ask him, then, how he expects
the Senate to agree? He says the locality was
considered in the Military Committee. Very true,
the locality of the establishment provided for in
one bill was there considered; but the locality ot
the other establishment was considered in another
committee. It would be well,it seems to me, that
the same committee should have the two under
consideration, because they are so intimately con-
nected, and consider all the interests and all the
localities, and make a report on the whole sub-
ject.
Mr. KING. This bill simply proposes to es-
tablish a national foundery. There are other
propositions for an armory, for an arsenal, and
for various other purposes in respect to the man-
ufacture of arms, which have been presented.
This bill has a single purpose, upon which the
Military Committee were able to agree unani-
mously .
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This bill is
simply for a foundery. It has no necessary con-
nection with an arsenal. I have a very clear opin-
ion that there is but one proper spot in this coun-
try for a foundery, and that spot is i n the hai bor of
New York or on the Hudson river. You want
a foundery at a point to which you can go wil'n
the largest vessels of the Navy, and you want it
upon tide-water. That is absolutely necessary.
In the next place you want it at a pointthat you
can afford to defend; and the city of New York is
a city that you can afford to and ought to defend.
I think the question of the location of the found-
ery is settled beyond all dispute if we act simply
on public considerations, for the interests of the
country, without any local prejudices or attach-
ments.
I think, further, that we need more than is now
provided for in this bill. There was a section in
the bill as I orignaliy introduced it, providing for
