1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2275
"ivni my only son, my last hope, and one that was near and
dear to me. This is my humble petition and praver.
J. B. MOiilULL.
I ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
it was so referred.
Mr. KING presented a petition of merchants of
Now York, for the passage of a law establishing
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of mer-
chants of New York, for the passage of a law
establishing a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER, presented the memorial of
John P. McElderry, claiming compensation for
services rendered as clerk in the Bureau of Yards
and Docks of the Navy Department, in the months
of May and June, 1851; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. H A.RRIS presented a petition of merchants
of New York, for the passage of a law establish-
ing a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
ItEPOKTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.R.
No. 474) to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue American registers to certain vessels, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 476) abolishing
certain collection distiicts and reducing compen-
sation of officers of customs in California, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
L'tnds, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 315)
for the relief of Quindaro Nancy Guthrie and her
children of Shawnee blood, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
PostOlfice and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. 11. No. 389) to establish certain post
routes, reported it willi amendments.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 433) to secure the
speedy transmission of the mails; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message fur ther announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 183) to provide for the set-
tlement of the accounts of John A. Smith, clerk
of the circuit court and criminal court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 479) to amend an act entitled
" An act making appiopnations for the scrvice of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 18G3," approved April
17, 1862.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,announced
that the President approved and signed, on the
21st instant, the folio wing acts and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 211) to authorize the corpora-
tion of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
to lay and collect a water tax, and for other pur-
poses.
An act (S. No. 290) providing for the education
of colored children m the cities of Washington arid
Georgetown, m the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes.
A joint resolution (S. No. 75) to confirm the
opinion of the Court of Chums adverse to the
chum of Robert B. Graham.
CAPXUHIS 01? N15W ORLEANS.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following resolu-
tion for adoption. I presume there will be do
objection to it, and I therefore ask for its consid-
eration now:
Resolved, That the Stieieiarv of the Navv be directed to
t'uinUh fo the rienate copies of' the official repoits ot the
i t>eent engagement on the Mi.-i^ippt rivor, resulting in
the capture of FoiH and t. Philip and the city oi
New Orleans, and the destruction of the rebel naval flotilla;
and that two thousand copies thereof, with lithographs of
the accompanying diagrams and sketches, be printed for
the use of the Senate, and one thousand copies for the use
of the Navy Department.
Ther^ being no objection, the Seriate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. Should not the order for
extra copies go to the Committee on Printing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communica-
tion, when received from the Department, if it
shall be received, would then go to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. COLLAMER. But it is contained in the
resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
SEIZURE OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be directed to consider what legislation, if any, is
needed to protect pcr ons of African descent in Washing-
ton from unconstitutional seizure as fugitive slaves, or
fiom seizuie by disloyal persons.
Mr. POWELL. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over
under the rules.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not inconsistent with the public in-
terest, any further cori e^pondence which may have been
received after the President's message to the House of Rep-
resentatives of April 14, 1862, m regard to the presentcon-
dition of Mexico, and to the reported dissolution of the alli-
ance of the European l'owois now invading that country.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
320) to further provide against the cutting and re-
moval of timber from the public lands; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
JOHN GOULDIXG.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the consent of the
Senate, to take up a little private bill reported
from the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, for the ichef of John Gouldmg. It will
not take more than a moment to pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Delaware to post-
pone all prior orders, for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the private bill indicated
in his motion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It will only take a mo-
ment. This old gentleman is a Massachusetts
mail. He has been all his life trying to do the
public good, and has made himself very poor,
and the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office requested ma to ask for the present consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. T unden stand the Senator from
Delaware to refer to the bill ofGoulding?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I objected to that bill the other
day for the purpose of examination. I have it in
my hand, and have examined it, and I do not see
any objection to its passage. I desire to withdraw
any objections 1 had, and I hope it will pass. It
will take but a moment.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope so, too.
The motion was agreed to- and the bill (H. R.
No. 329) for the relief of John Goulding, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
LAND TO AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the bill making a grant of
land to agncultuial colleges. I believe it will
pass now without objection, and will not take a
moment.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I believe we
are entitled to have the morning hour for morning
business. I have given way to the Senator three
mornings on that very bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I trust that the mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio will not prevail.
He proposes to take up in the morning hour one
of the most important bills ever introduced into
Congress so far as the western States are con-
cerned, and I now notify him that if he succeeds
in taking it up I shall move to postpone its further
consideration until December next, It is to brand
us with inconsistency in passing a homestead bill,
and then passing this bill and saying to the poor
white men, " you shall have land provided you
build an agricultural college in every congres-
sional district in the United States." There never
has been a bill introduced into the Congress of
the United States more inconsistent and more in-
iquitous so far as the western States are concerned
than the bill now proposed to be taken up in the
morning hour. To undertake to consider a bill
of that character during the morning hour, I think
is highly improper and unjust.
Mr. WADE. I am a little surprised that this
objection conies from that gentleman who, I be-
lieve, yesterday morning was for forcing up the
Pacific railroad bill, and urging it upon us in the
morning hour. If his objections to this bill are
well founded, I presume f shall get but a very
scanty vote in the Senate; but! trust that the Sen-
ate generally disagree with him. The whole prin-
ciple of this bill is perfectly understood.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator per-
mit me to make a remark?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say that
I was opposed to the movement for taking up the
Pacific railroad bill during the morning hour. The
gentleman is wrong in that.
Mr. WADE. Then I am wrong, sir. I thought
the Senator was urging it on, but it seems I was
mistaken. That matter is of no consequence,
however. I suppose this bill is very well under-
stood by the Senate, and that they are ready to
pass upon it. To that Senator I know it is ob-
jectionable, and he intends to oppose it. I believe,
however, there is a large majority of the Senate
who are in favor of the bill, who understand its
provisions, and are ready now to act upon it; if
so, I hope they will act. There is no objection
to taking up this bill in the morning hour more
than any other time. I do not know of anybody
who wishes to discuss its provisions at length. I
believe it is well understood. At all events, it is
about the only time we can get now to consider
it. As I have already stated, this bill passed both
branches of Congress on a former occasion by
very heavy majorities, was discussed here at
length, was vetoed by the President, and barely
failed to be passed over his veto. I hope we shall
take it up and act upon it now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not know how
the Senator arrives at the conclusion that a ma-
jority of the Senate is in favor of passing this bill,
unless he expects by his age and influence in this
body to carry it through over younger Senatois.
There has certainly been no vote upon it. There
is no bill that can come before this body that t
desire to discuss more anxiously than the bill to
which the Senator alludes. In it is contained the
ruin of the State that I, in part, represent. In it,
in my opinion, is contained the defeat of the Pa-
cific railroad bill. In it, in my opinion, is a con-
tradiction of the homestead proposition. My un-
derstanding has been that the wealth of the local-
ity is to educate the children of the locality. By
the provisions of this bill, as I before stated, you
say to the laboring white man who has no land,
" you can have land, but before you get it you
must establish and maintain an agricultural col-
lege in every congressional district in the United
States, and two besides in each State;" that is,
" you must maintain an agricultural college for
every Representative in Congress and for every
Senator in Congress." Now, the Senator from
Ohio may conclude that his bill will pass because
he oflfers'to the constituents of every Senator on
this floor thirty thousand acres of land; bu 11 say
to the Senator from Ohio that I have never yet
advanced an objection to a hill for the reason that
it was unconstitutional, but when this bill comes
up for action I am prepared to meet the gentleman
upon this question on the ground that it is a direct
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
and I hope before the bill is finally acted upon,
that it will be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
But, Mr. Piesident, this is a specics of legisla-
tion that in my opinion should not be indulged in
at this session of Congress; it has no reference
whatever to the war now in progress; and it is
