1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
the purchase of a location, and the establishment
of a furnace for the manufacture of_iron, with
which to make the large guns of our Navy. The
Committee on Military Affairs, however, struck
out that section of the bill. I believe that that
provision is quite as necessary as the provision
for a foundery. Our large guns should be made
of the best iron in the country, and it should be
of uniform quality. The reason why so many
failures have been made by persons who have
undertaken to make guns for the Government is
that they have not a uniform quality of iron. I
believe that the Government of the United States
should, at the earliest possible moment, procure a
proper.plaee and put up an establishment for the
manufacture of the best iron, for the making of
these guns, that can be found in the country. I
have no doubt upon that point. So much for this
matter of the foundery.
The Committee on Naval Affairs, through the
Senator from Iowa, have reported a bill for an
armory, to be located in the West. I do not be-
lieve that at this time we need an armory. This
may be considered, as coming from a Massachu-
setts man, an illiberal, a local opinion, as we have
an armory at Springfield. But the necessities of
the country have forced that Springfield armory
to a capacity so large that 1 believe it will be able
hereafter easily to manufacture all the muskets
that we need. But, sir, looking to the sentiment
of the country, 1 am of opinion that we shall have
to yield an armory in the West. I believe there
are several bills in the House of Representatives
on that subject, some proposing Gluincy, some
Chicago, some a point m Pennsylvania, and va-
rious points west of the mountains.
Mr. GRIMES. Fifty of them.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Iowa says that there are bills there pro-
posing fifty different places. If we are to have a
location in the West, I do not know of any better
place than that suggested by the Committee on
Naval Affairs of the Senate; and I am willing,
taking all things into consideration, to vote for
this foundery, located where it is located in the
bill, and to have an armory established some-
where in the western country,and I donotknow
of any spot that I would vote for sooner than the
one proposed by the Naval Committee.
But F believe—I have no doubt upon it after
reading the documents that I have read in regard
to it, the reportof MnjorRodman to General "Mc-
Clellan, and the papers m the ordnance office—that
we need as much a place for the manufacture of
iion as we need a place for the manufacture of
large guns. I am told by the Senator from Now
York that the War and Navy Departments both
desire such an establishment. Although that pro-
vision was stricken out of this bill by the Mili-
tary Committee, when it comes up for consider-
ation I shall propose to restore the section author-
izing the Government to purchase a place and
manufacture the iron out of which to make these
guns, and then, owing to the public opinion of the
country and to the earnestness with which an
arsenal is demanded in the West, I shall be will-
ing to vote for the bill reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. It is true, sir, as the Senator
from Massachusetts says, that this is a simple
proposition to establish afoundery; but it is a sim-
ple proposition at the same time to appropriate
$1,000,000 out of the public Treasury for the es-
tablishment of that foundery; and we are asked to
do it without any data at all before us.
Now, the first question for us to consider is, is
there a necessity that there should be any such
foundery at all ? Had the Government hotter rely,
as it has heretofore relied, upf>n private enterprise,
to manufacture our guns for us, and then bore
them, and prepare them for service; or shall we
establish afoundery where we shall cast the guns
ourselves? I appiehend that we ought to have
some data before us on that subject to justify us
either in voting for or in voting against such a
proposition as that. The Committee on Military
Affairs have furnished us with no such informa-
tion, and they do not propose to furnish us with
any such intormation. Is there a necessity for
any such foundery? Are we expected to vote in
favor of the establishment of a foundery and ap-
propriate $1,000,000 out of the Treasury, without
having such information furnished us?
Then, after that information has been furnished
to us, after it has been shown that it is to the pub-
lic interest that we should manufacture these guns
ourselves, and not rely as the French Government
does, as the British Government does in most in-
stances, and as I believe all foreign Governments
almost invariably do except that of Austria, and
as our Governmenthasheretofore relied, upon pri-
vate enterprise for the manufacture of our arms;
if we determine that, then the next question that
presents itself is, where shall the foundery be?
The Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, has satis-
fied himself that it should be in the harbor of New
York, and for the reason that it can be more easily
defended there than elsewhere. Well, sir, I ap-
prehend that the Senatois from New Hampshire,
which State has the port of Portsmouth within
its limits, would be in favor of establishing the
foundery on the Piscataqua river, which they
claim has a greater depth of water, admits ships
of a greater draught, and is better susceptible of
defense than any other port in the United States.
The Senators from Maine would ask that it be
establ ished at Portland, because they say that they
have a greater depth of water there than at any
other port, and that that is more susceptible of
defense than any other port of the United States.
Now, let us have the information; let us see where
the port is that is most susceptible of defense.
That is not all; another question is involved in
it. Is it cheaper for us to manufacture the guns
where the materials are to be obtained, or to trans-
port the materials to another place? I believe all
admit, at any rate Captain Rodman does, and the
Ordnance Bureau of the Army admits, that the
material of which the guns should be manufac-
tured must come fiom the western part of Penn-
sylvania—I believe from Bloomfield. Then the
question arises for us to consider, if we have got
to use the Bloomfield mateiial for the manufacture
of guns, is it cheapest and best for us to take the
metal and the coal from western Pennsylvania
and carry it to New York to manufacture it, or
shall we manufacture the guns where the metal
is and where the ore is, and transport the guns in
a manufactured state totheseacoast? Is the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts or the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs prepared to give us thatinformation ?
It strikes me that that is information that it is not
only desirable but important for us to have.
Now, sir, I am inclined to vote for a national
foundery. I am not satisfied as to where it should
be. 1 want some tangible testimony borne to me
by a committee—I care not whether it be a select
committee or a standing committee of the Senate
—as to the advantages of such a foundery over the
present system of manufacturing guns. When-
ever i am satisfied of that, and satisfied as to the
point from the data that they shall furnish me,
then I shall be willing and ready to support the
report of the committee.
Now, one word in regard to the national arm-
ory m the West that is proposed. I have no
interest in any location that is here suggested.
There is no proposition to establish it within the
jurisdiction of the State which I have the honor
m part to represent in this body. I do not want
any such institution established, if it is not to the
interest of the Government that it should be es-
tablished. 1 am willing to refer it to any five dis-
passionategentlemen oftlus body, of whom I shall
not be one and of whom I do not desire to be one;
and if they say thatsuch an institution ought not
to be established in the West, or if established
that it ought not to go to the place which I have
suggested, I shall be entirely satisfied with their
judgment. It is solely the public interest that I
ask shall be promoted, and no personal or local
aggrandizement of any portion of the country;
but I do not want to appropriate $1,000,000 out
of the Treasury to lay the basis for the appropri-
ation of untold millions hereafter, without any
more information from a committee of this body
than is before us.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I hope, for my
own part, if the committee shall be raised to con-
sider this subject, that committee will not agree as
to the location. I think we ourselves are not com-
petent to determine upon the fit and proper loca-
tion for this foundery. I had much rather that
we should determine upon the foundery itself, and
leave the location to be selected by commissioners
to be appointed by the executive branch of the
Government, The commissioners will then fix it
at a proper point; and certainly, I think, they will
hardly choose the location which seems to have
satisfied the Military Committee. They will
hardly choose the Hudson river, where there is
no coal or iron, the very material out of which
cannon are to be fabricated; nor will they choose
it upon the ground that New York is worth de-
fending. This foundery may be located in the
neighborhood of the materials, and it may be lo-
cated where it will not need any defense. If, for
instance, it were located at Bloomsburg, there is
not the slightest danger of an enemy ever enter-
ing into the mountains of Pennsylvania to attack
that point; and in that way all arguments in favor
of a particular seaboard locality are disposed of.
I hope that a committee will be raised, and that
it will take this matter into consideration, and
simply recommend a foundery, and that the selec-
tion of the location be intrusted to commissioners
selected by the President.
Mr. KING. As the Senator from Iowa re-
marked, the first question to be determined is,
whether a national foundery is desirable for the
construction of heavy ordnance. In my opinion
it is; but that is a question for Congress to de-
termine, and is of course a preliminary one to any
question of location. It is one of the difficulties
in reference to any measure of this kind at any
time, that the local interests and the desires of the
constituencies of gentlemen embarrass them in
their action in Congress, and make it almost neces-
sary for the representatives of a State, if a locality
is suggested in that State, to advocate and vote
for it.
Mr. COWAN. May I ask the gentleman if that
is not one of the best reasons in the world why we
should not attempt to fix the locality here?
Mr. KING. 1 think not. The locality must
be determined,and it should be determined upon
the best ■judgment which the country can give,
and that is a vote of Congress. If there be any
such location as presents itself with stronger ar-
guments in its favor, and greater facilities in every
respect for the use of the Government and for
access to it than any other, it should be selected;
but that is not the question which is now to be
determined here. I desire that the Senate shall
act upon the bill. It is impoitant, if the Senate
is to do any thing upon the subject, that it should
do it at a reabonably early day. I shall not there-
fore now undertake to present any views in rela-
tion to locality; I am content to abide whatever
may be the judgment of the Senate upon that sub-
ject. I only ask that it shall act and decide the
question in some way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from New York to post-
pone this bill until Wednesday next.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—IVIcssip. AlUhimy, JBiowning. Cailile, Davis,
Dixon, Doohttlo, Fo^tei, Ilendeisori, ilowaui,
King, Latham. McDougali. Saulsbuiy, Simmons, Statk,
►Simmer, and Wilson of Massachusetts—lb.
NAYri—Cnaniller, <Jlatk, Collamer, Cowan,
Fes-semlen, Font, Gnme-, Hale, llarlan. Lane of Kan-a*,
Mon ill, Pome toy, Powell, Sherman, Ten Ejck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Willey. and Wnght—20.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
refer the bill to a select committee of live, to be
appointed by the Chair.
Mi. WIL'SON, of Massachusetts. I have sug-
gested to the Senator from Iowa that in order to
get a very full expression on this subject, it would
be better to unite the Naval and Military Com-
mittees, and refer the subject to those two com-
mittees to examine both these bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from Iowa so vary Ins motion ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; 1 am entirely satis-
fied with that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
refer this bill to a select committee, consisting ot
the members of the Military and Naval Commit-
tees of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. T hope that will not be done.
This subject was committed once to the Naval
Committee, find was anted on by them.
Mr. GRIMES. There is another bill with it.
Mr. HALE. And then the. Senate voted to dis-
charge the Naval Committee and refer the matter
to the Military Committee.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator misapprehends.
