€ONGBESSTONAL GLOBE.
Miefeitwilt be perfectly useless to attempt to
sit longer to-day. I therefore make the motion,
and we shall have the sense of the Senate. I will
*Tot asfe for the .yeas and nays, I move that the
^Senate adjourn.
The question being; put, there were ten ayes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
Is a further count demanded?
MJr. HARLAN.' T think it manifest that a ma-
jority of those present <desire to remain. I ask
leave, therefore, to withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
withdrawn. Is the Senate ready for the question
<on the amendment proposed.
Mr. POWELLr I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to hear the
^amendment read. ^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Browning, in line seven, section two, after the
word ** he," to strike out" his mother, and.his
wife and children;" so as to read:
Shall render any such service as is provided for in the
first section of this act, he shall forever thereafter be free.
Mr. KING. I hope tke amendment will not
be adopted. I believe it is understood, and I have
*8io disposition to make an argument upon it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 16; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs Browning, Carlile, Henderson, Kennedy,
McDougall, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Stark, WiJley, and
Wilson of Missouri—11.
NAVS—Messrs. Clark, Fessendetr, Foot, Foster, Harlan,
Howard. Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Simmons, Sumner, Wilkinson,and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—16.
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote is
short of a quorum.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned* „
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 10, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
%y the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Byron Sun-
derland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to recommit to the committee
•of conference the disagreeing votes between the
two Houses on the naval appropriation bill-, on
account of a verbal mistake made in the report. I
make the motion to recommit the report to that
-committee.
"There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
COST OF TIIE PUBLIC BUILDINGS, ETC.
Mr. SARGENT, from the Committee on Ex-
penditures on Public Buildings, submitted a re-
,port,, in compliance with a resolution of the House
of December 19, 1861, relating to the cost of the
Treasury and Capitol extensions, &c.; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. SARGENT, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures on the
Public Buildings, who were " instructed to inquire into the
probable cost of the Treasury building extension and Cap-
itol extcn&ion, the matmei in which the work is done and
bem? pxecuted, and whether the original designs are being
carried out or not, and whether the several contracts per-
taining thereto are being faithfully performed; and also,
whether the same objects cannot be obtained with lcs& ex-
pense to the Government; and also, whether the officers of
the Bureau of Constiucuonare, in the judgment of the com-
mittee, qualified to discharge the duties thereof properly,
and whether theyhftve done so or not; and that the said
committee investigate, and repoit to this House, such facts
m relation to the s-everai matters referred to, as they shall
deem proper; and that they have power to send for persons
and papers," be allowed a cleik at the usual rate of com-
pensation, not to cxceed foui dollars perday, from the 14th
of Febiuary, 1862.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINGr. I object to the re-
ception of that resolution.
Mr. SARGENT, t hope that the gentleman
from New York will withdraw his objection until
I make a statement.
Mr. P. A. CONKLINGr. I withdraw my ob-
jection for that purpose-
Mr. SARGrENT. I will state that the House
required that committee to go into an elaborate
investigation of all the matters referred to, and
that resolution authorized them to send for per-
sons and papers. They have labored nearly the
wholesession on the subject, and the resultoftheir
labors has just been sent to the Clerk's desk, mak-
ing, as the members will see, a voluminous mass
of manuscript. It is only common justice that the
committee should be allowed compensation for
this clerk, who has assisted them throughout the
whole of their investigation. It is exceedingly-
strange that gentlemen should object to this reso-
lution, when it is the general and certainly proper
practice of the House to allow clerks under such
circumstances. Anybody can see from,the amount
of clerical duty this cleric had to discharge that
•this is a most meritorious claim. I hope that the
objection to the passage of the resolution will be
withdrawn. We only ask pay for a clerk from
the time he was appointed, and not from the date
of the resolution of the House. The resolution
is a just one. A clerk has been appointed who
has rendered very important service, and it seems
to me to be very illiberal on the part of the House
to refuse to allow him compensation for the time
that he was necessarily employed.
Mr. F. A. CONIiLlNG. I do not object to the
reception of the report of the committee, but I hope
that the resolution will not pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the objection to the
reception of the resolution.
CIRCULATION OF SMALL NOTES.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introd uce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report to tliia House, at the earliest practicable
moment, some measure which shall prevent or properly re-
strict the cii culation of the notes of non-speeie paying bank-
in? coiporations, to the prejudice of the circulation of the
notes of the United .Stales, and to tile serious injury of the
public credit.
Messrs. SH EPF! ELD, and THOMAS of Mas-
sachusetts, objected.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER stated the next question in or-
der to be the consideration of House bill (No. 511)
to amend an act entitled "An act to reduce the
expenses of the surveys and sale of the public
lands of the United States," approved May 30,
1862.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I withdraw the pending mo-
tion to lay the bill upon the table, and I hope that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR,of Pennsylvania. I withdraw that
demand.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Speaker, this bill, which
crame from the Committee onPrivateLand Claims,
repeals a law passed at the present session of Con-
gress, which required surveys of private land
claims to be made at the expense of the parties
owning them. I will not say that that law is alto-
gether just; but the bill was prepared in the De-
partment of the Interior, and it was approved by
the Commissioner of Public Lands, as well as by
the Secretary of the Interior. It was considered
in the House and in the Senate, and it was de-
liberately enacted into law. Whether, however,
th^ law is a just or unjust one, it would certainly
be unjust to some of the States and Territories to
exempt from the provisions of that law only the
people of the Territory of New Mexico. I would,
therefore, suggest that the first section of this bill
be stricken out, so that an opportunity may here-
after be afforded to the Committee on Public Lands
to revise the action which has already been had
on this subject. Let the Interior Department de-
vise some general system that shall operate in all
the States and Territories alike. If the law is un-
just, let us repeal it and enact another. It is now
too late in the session, it appears to me, to have
this subject properly considered, and I would
therefore suggest that the first section be stricken
out, and the second section so amended as to make
it perfect in itself. The reason for this suggestion
is that the Secretary of the Treasury, in his letter
read yesterday, stated thatit would bea very great
inconvenience to the Treasury Department to
transferthedutiesofadepositary from the receiver
to the surveyor general in the Territory of New
Mexico. I hope my suggestion will meet with the
approval of the gentleman who reported this bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. If the gentle-
man from Ohio desires to offer an amendment I.
have no objection^ inasmuch as he is satisfied that
the second section  aght t« pass-, wliSe has
doubts about the propriety of the first section,
though I have none.
Mr, TRIMBiLE, I will mowthen£ha&3$te first
section of the •bH'l be •stric'ken cmU
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent thai
motion can beentertained. There are twoor three
motions"aiready pending.
No objectioa being made, the motion was en-
tertained.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. It seemed to me yester-
day that it was doubtful whether this bill ought to
be passed by the House, but upon further reflec-
tion I have come to the conclusion that it ought to
pass; that it is just, and that its justice commends
itself to the favorable consideration of the House.
The case put to the House I understand is this;
the Territory of New Mexico, with the Territory
of California, was acquired from Mexico by con-
quest; that after such conquest it was occupied for
a time by military authority, and was governed
by a military government.
I refer to this fact, in passing, as that military
Governor was appointed by the Commander-in-
Chief; and afterwards the Supreme Court of the
United States decided that that appointment was
a valid one. That fact is important in the con-
sideration of other questions. Now, as I under-
stand the law of nations, when a territory is ac-
quired from another sovereignty by conquest, all
the rights of individuals, ana all the rights of pri-
vate property, are to be regarded as secure, and
are to be preserved, notwithstanding the change
of sovereignty. And it seems to me that the pro-
visions of the treaty, as expressed, are but declar-
atory of the principles of the law of nations.
That private rights are thus to be preserved ;and
that the property of private individuals cannot be
confiscated was solemnly decidcd in the Supreme
Court of the United States, in a ease id which
Chief Justice Marshall gave the opinion, and dis-
pelled completely the fog thrown around the case
liere of Brown. And allow me to congratulate my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Blair] that he is
emerging from the'fog in which he has been some-
whatenveloped, and that he now occupies a more
substantial position than he has heretofore.
Now, it seems to me that, by the law of nations,
as well as by the terms of the treaty, we are bound
to respect these private rights and preserve them.
We are to protect and preserve them, withoutcon-
tribution or charge upon the part of private pro-
prietors. That is the express provision of the
treaty. That being the case with the persons hold-
ing these lands—some holding their evidences of
title from ancient Spanish authority, and some
from the more recent Mexican authorities—those
titles were to be preserved by our Government.
The act of Congress which provided that the
surveyor general should in some way adjudicate
upon those titles, receive evidence as to them,and
pass upon them, and should survey the lands,
was for the benefit of the Government, to the end
that those private grants might be separated from
the public property. The individuals did not de-
sire these surveys to be made, because their grants
inured by treaty, and the evidences of their title
were secure in the archives of Mexico. Their titles
were also secure by virtue of the laws of nations.
Therefore it was that they did not desire that the
survey should be made. They take no benefit by it.
The Government has evidence of the titles. True,
they left copies in the archives of Mexico; but
they propose to give to the claimants other evi-
dences of title, no better than what they already
have, and which they have surrendered, but upon
the condition that they shall pay the expenses at-
tending upon those surveys. Now, this would be
to confiscate in some cases, I am told, a very con-
siderable portion of the property which is described
in the grant. This is manifestly unjust. There-
fore I hope that the bill will not be amended, but
that it will pass as it came from the hands of the
committee, as it seems to me that it is eminently
just in all particulars.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I am not disposed to enter
into a discission of the merits of this first section.
There can be no doubt of the requirements of the
treaty with Mexico, with regard to the title of
these persons claiming through Mexican author-
ity, and that our Government is bound to protect
