1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1317
This is the foundcry bill. I propose to call up the
other bill, and commit them both to the same se-
lect committee, consisting of the members of these
two standing committees. This is the bill that
came from the Military Committee; the other
came from the Naval Committee.
Mr. COWAN. I do not like this modification
of the motion. I do not see why we are not en-
titled to an independent committee; one that has
not committed itself to any particular course on
this subject. It seems that there is a pet project
of the Naval Committee to provide for one point,
and there is another one upon which the Military
Committee has decided. Now, what chancc has
the rest of the country under such circumstances?
I had a great deal rather that the Senator from
Iowa would stand to his original proposition.
That would give everybody an opportunity to be
heard before the select committee, who would have
the whole subject before them.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not the slightest in-
clination one way or the other.
Mr. COWAN. Then I hope the Senator will
allow the motion to be put as he originally made
it. That is fair to all parties, and it will give us
a committee who are unprejudiced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
referring the bill to a select committee, consisting
of the Naval and Military Committees.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew the original mo-
tion, to refer the bill to a select committee of five
members.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to take up the
bill (S. No. 119) for the establishment of a na-
tional armoiy at Rock Island, and refer that to
the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES POOL.
Mr. POMEROY. I dcsiie to have prior orders
postponed to take up Senate bill No. 220, a small
bill that will require no debate at all. It is a bill
for the relief of James Fool, and has been reported
by the Committee on Claims unanimously. It
passed the Senate last year unanimously, but it
did not become a law, not being acted on in the
other branch.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
220) for the relief of James Pool was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to pav to James Pool the sum of §1,987 10,
of which $48*7 50 is to be paid out of any annui-
ties or moneys payable to the Seneca and Shaw-
nee Indians, if there be any, and if none, the whole
sum is to be paid out of the Treasuiy of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that
case ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is.
The Seeivtjry read the report made by Mr.
Pomf.roy, from the Committee on Claims. It
appears that the petitioner was employed by the
United States, under the provisions of sundiy
treaties, as blacksmith for the Delaware, Shaw-
nee, and Seneca tribes of Indians, from August,
1823, until November, 1838. During that peiiod
the various Indian agents often employed Mr.
Pool in various capacities, such as transporting
the moneys to be paid to tile Indians, procuring
supplies,&c., and oftentimes he advanced his own
money in such purposes, which was in every in-
stance refunded except one. He alleges that on
the 29th of April, 1834, at the request of Governor
Stokes, as commissioner of Indian altans, (a
copy of whose letter to that ellect is annexed to
the petition, and is sworn to,) he purchased for
the use of the Seneca and Shawnee Indians four
bundled and eighty-seven and a halt bushels of
seed com, for which he paid out of Ills puvate
funds one dollar pel bushel, making $487 50, which
sum he asks to have reimbursed. To sustain this
the petitioner produces the copy of Governor
Stokes's orderforthe purchase of the corn, sworn
toasacopy; the receipt of John Brown,ot whom
he bought the com, for the money, and attested
by George T. Herron, Indian interpreter, and the
certificate of five of the chiefs and head men of the
nation, that the corn was received by them, and
duly attested by W. J. Monow, their agent.
It is foil her stated that, between the years 1833
and 1638, he was employed by contract as black-
smith for the Seneca tribe of Indians alone; that the
mixed tribe of Senecas and Shawnees were also
entitled to a smith, but had none; that one agent
attended to both, and that agent (Vaishon) verbally
ordered him to put up a shop among the Senecas and
Shawnees, and procure hands and run it; that he
did so, and that he was paid for the service except
for one year. He supposed he was being paid on
his contract for the Senecas, but upon examina-
tion of the vouchers at the Department, he found
that he had been paid for all his work for the
mixed tribe, and that there was one year of ser-
vice for the Senecas that he had not been paid for,
and still remains unpaid. He now asks Congress
to order the payment of the §800 due to him on
that contract.
He further proves that in 1853 he took up his
residence in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, and on the 18th day of June, 1855, he
was appointed supervisor of the laborers in the
Treasury Department, duly commissioned, and
to be paid §480 per year; ihat on the 1st day of
July, 1856, he was also appointed a watchman in
the Treasury, at $600 per year; and that he occu-
pied and fulfilled the duties of both these positions
for one year nine months and ton days thereafter,
or until the 10th of April, 1857; that on the 1st
day of July, 1856, the pay of laborer was raised
to fifty dollars per month; that he was paid up in
full for his services as watchman, but was only
paid $16 33 per month for his services as laborer,
and that in his receipts therefor he would not re-
ceipt in full, and never did; that he made appli-
cation to Secretary Guthrie for full pay, but he
decided that claimant could not receive pay for
both positions. Ho also applied to Secretary Cobb,
who refused to take any notice of the matter. He
now claims the difference. The Department docs
not dispute the fact that the service as laborer was
performed; on the contrary, admitted it, and rec-
ognized him as a laborer throughout the entire
period, by paying §16 33 per month. Nor is there
any evidence in the commissions, or elsewhere,
that cither of them were rescinded, or that he was
transferred from one position to the other. On the
contiary, the whole evidence is that the service
in each being such as not to interfere with each
other, the one was an additional commission to
the other.
The objection of the Secretary to paying the
claimant m full seems to have been that the law-
interposed to prevent employes of the Government
receiving pay for two positions. This is done
away with by the claimant receiving full pay for
one and part jiay for the other; and also the de-
cision of Attorney Genei al Black, in case ot Stack
pole, of October'l7, 1857, in which he says that
laborers and watchmen are especially excepted,
and are allowed to serve and receive pay for both
positions; also, the decision of t!■<• Secretary of
t lie I n tenor, in ease of Whitfield & Woodson, May
8, 1861; and of the Supreme Court, in Converse
vs. United States, 21 Howard's Reports. The
committee therefore submitted a bill, and recom-
mended its passage, paying the claimant $1,987 10.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The, morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order.
Mr. POMEPiOY. I hope we shall be allowed
to pass this bill.
Mr. KENNEDY. I will say to the Senator
from Maine who lias charge of the special order,
that as my colleague who was to speak upon it
to-day is sick, I hope it will be postponed.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that will hardly be
necessary. We may make some progress,! think,
with the bill, notwithstanding the fact that tlic
Senator fiora Maryland is not present, and then
we can consider the question of postponement at
a later period. There are some Senators that wish
to speak on the subject who are. perhaps, pre-
pared to so on to-day.
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not intend to speak
upon the bill myself, except to say two or three
words. I should be glad it the Senator would
consent, to let it go over.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Maine will allow the bill which was taken up on
my motion to be passed now. It will take but a
few minutes. . . , . ,
Mr. MORRILL. I am willing to yield for that
purpose, without displacing the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of James Pool will be continued. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. TRtfMBULL. I do not like to object to
this private bill. A portion of the claim strikes
me as manifestly proper; but I think it is very
questionable whether all of it ought to be allowed.
1 am not upon the Committee on Claims; but this
case looks to me as if there was a hunting after a
variety of claims. This party has been acting for
the Government in various capacities at the same
time, and claims the pay of each office, which all
the Departments have repeatedly rejected, it ap-
pears. I doubt very much the propriety of pass-
ing a special law to pay an individual, who has
been employed by different Departments here, a
sum larger than they agreed to pay him. It seems
to me the Departments would be the proper place
to settle thesematters. I simply call the attention
of the Senate to it. If the Senate think proper to
pass it, I have nothing further to say about it.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say, in behalf of the
committee, thatit did not appear to them that there
was here a hunting after claims. So long ago as
1834, this man paid nearly five hundred dollars of
his own money for the use of the Government; he
has lain out of that money all that time, and he
comes here asking the Government to pay him
principal and interest. The committee, in accord-
ance with the usage of the Government, rejected
the interest, and report to pay him simply the
amount which he paid out of his pocket nearly
thirty years ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is undoubtedly right.
Mr. CLARK. Then so long ago as 1838 he
was employed as a blacksmith. It appears by
books at your Department and by vouchers, that
there is due him for one year's service under con-
tract $800, which should have been paid him
twenty years ago. We now propose to pay him
simply the amount which was due him in 1838,
without any interest.
Mr. COLLAMliR. Why was it not paid then?
Mr. CLARK. On account of some overlook-
ing or misapprehension of the vouchers.
Mr. POMEROY. Governor Stokes died.
Mr. CLARK. Then he has been employed for
years pastatyour Departments; hehas performed
double service at different portions of time. It is
not the case of a man who, in the time due by
him to the Government, within the hours of ten
or eleven and four, has performed the duties of
two offices; but during the day he faithfully per-
formed his duties as a laborer—there is no objec-
tion made to him on that score—and for half the
night he performed the duties of a watchman.
The Department accepted his services, and em-
ployed him,hecause he. was a faithful watchman.
He now simply asks to be paid for that time
which he took out of his sleep. It seems to me
eminently just. The Government loses nothing
by it.
Mr. HOWARD. I simply rise to make an in-
quiryof thechairman of the Committeeon^Cluims,
whether there is not some evidence that this claim-
ant has made his claim to Congress heretofore? It
seems to me the claim is a very antiquated one.
It would seem very strange thata person to whom
such an amount is due has not heretofore made
his claim against Congress. Is there not some
proof that this claim has been in the hands of a
committee heretofore, and that some evidence, not
before us, was taken by that committee? I in-
quire for information. Iam not very fond of these
ancient claims myself, but am a little suspicious
of them.
Mr. POMEROY. This claim has been pre-
sented year after year, and passed the committee
unanimously two or three times years ago. I be-
lieve it passed the Senate once; but failed to be-
come a* law by not being reached in the other
House. I think there is no doubt about the cor-
rectness of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has it ever been reported
against ?
Mr. POMEROY. There has never been any
adverse report.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
| reading, was read the third time, and passed.
; LIGIIT-IK)USE INSPECTORS.
I Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to take up
: House bill No. 243. It will lead to no discussion,
