1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227-T
as at any other time. That was my hope; but I
take no more interest in this bill than other Sen-
ators do. 1 happened to have the charge of it. 1
believe'it is a good bill, and that it ought to pass.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 was submitting some re-
marks to the Senate at the close of the morning
hour yesterday, and I desire to make some fur-
ther remarks on this bill; but 1 think there is not
time this morning, and on that account I prefer
not to have the bill taken up to-day. I desire to
address the Senate whenever it shall be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio to proceed to
the consideration of the bill indicated by him.
On a division, there were-—ayes 17, noes 14; no
quorum voting.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Cailile, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamei, (Jowan, Davis, Dixon, Fe-ssenden, Foot, Foster,
Gmnes, [latlan, llarus Howard, King,Moiriil. Simmons*
Sumnei, Ten E>ck, Wade, Willcy, and Wilinot—23.
NAYS—Me^&rs. Browning, Doolmle, Henderson, Howe,
Kennedy, L.ine of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mc-
Dougali. Nf^tnith, 1'earce, Pomeroy, Powell, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wright—*-19.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 298)
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There isan amend-
ment pending which was offered by the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Lane.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to modify my
amendment.
Mr. WADE. There is no time now to discuss
the bill, and I move that it be postponed to, and
made the special order for, to-morrow, at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire at the proper
time to move that this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. A bill involving the same
principle has been vetoed by the President of the
United States, and believing that I can demon-
strate its unconstitutionality, I hope that the Sen-
ate will agree to the motion to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The motion to post-
pone to a time certain takes precedence of the
motion to commit. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. I am sorry that motion is in-
terposed. This bill, it seems, inevitably is going
to elicit a good deal of discussion and very pro-
tracted debate; and I am very sorry that its con-
sideration should be thrust upon the morning hour.
Important as the measure is, it does not seem to
me of that pressing importance which entitles it
to come in here and absorb that single hour which
is devoted to the introduction of petitions, resolu-
tions, bills, and the like. It seems to me that hour
ought to be preserved fiom the intervention of
measures of this difficult, debatable chaiactcr. I
shall have no sort of objection to postponing the
bill to some day after tile morning hour has ex-
pired. I think we should get through with it
more rapidly by pursuing that course; and I really
hope that course will be taken.
Mr. WADE. I know of no time to which 1
can postpone this bill when we can secure its con-
sideration, so that it may be passed through both
bodies during this session. There are great meas-
ures pending that have occupied, and will occupy,
the Senate for some considerable time to come. I
should not know for what future, day to make this
bill a special order. As for the suggestion that
there will be debate. I believe then1 will be time
enough to debate the bill in the morning hour. I
do not believe so much in debate as some gentle-
men; but I like that a man shaH have an oppor-
tunity to debate as long as he thinks it is neces-
sary. I cannot withdraw the motion. I hope it
will prevail, but I have no time for argument.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOWE. Let me suggest 
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the Senate will now re-
solve itself into a court of impeachment, in pur-
suance of its order of yesterday, for the trial of
West H. Humphreys, judge of the district court
of the United States for the State of Tennessee.
The following oath was administered to the
Vice President by the Secretary of the Senate:
I, Hannibal Hamlin, do solemnly swear that mall things
appertaining to the nialof the impeachment of Wast H.
Huiiiplneys, judge of the distuct court of the United States
lor the di&tnet of Tennessee, T will do impartial justice
according to law. So help me God.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tim Secretary will
now call the roll of Senators alphabetically, call-
ing them in numbers of four, and Senators will
please to advance as they are called.
The Secretary called the names of Senators,
and they advanced by fours to the desk, when
the Vice President administered the oath to them.
Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlilo, Chan-
dler, Clark, Coilamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Henderson, Kennedy,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
McDougall, Morrill, Pearce, Saulsbury, Ten
Eyck, Wilkinson, Willcy, Wilson of Missouri,
and Wright were sworn in the usual way by kiss-
ing the Bible.
Messrs. Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, How-
ard, Ho wc,Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell, Sherman,
Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilmot,
and Wilson of Massachusetts were sworn by the
uplifted hand.
Messis. Bayard, Hale, Johnson, Rice, Stark,
and Thomson, being absent, were not sworn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary of
the Senate will now notify the House of Repre-
sentatives that the Senate has resolved itself into
a court of impeachment, and is ready to receive
the committee of managers authorized by that
body.
In a few minutes four of the managers appointed
by the House of Representatives, namely: Mr.
Bingham, Mr. Pendleton, Mr. Train,and Mr.
Dujnlaf (Mr. Hickman not being present) ap-
peared below the bar.
Mr. BINGHAM advanced and said: Mr.
President, myself and associates are managers
appointed by the House of Repiesentatives, and
instructed in their name to appear at the bar of
the Senate, and present articles of impeachment
against West H. Humphreys, judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the several dis-
tricts of Tennessee, for high crimes and misde-
meanors.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The managers on
the part of the House of Representatives will
please he seated, at seats prepared for them within
the bar of the Semite.
The managers were conducted to the seats pre-
pared for them m the area between the Secre-
tary's desk and the seats of the Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate will now make the usiu\l proc-
lamation.
The Sergeant-at-Arms,georget. Brown, Esq.
Oyez! oyez! oyez! All pcisons arc commanded
to k^ep silencc on pain of imprisonment, while the
grand inquest of the nation is exhibiting to the Sen-
ate of the United States articles of impeachment
against West H. Humphreys, judge of the district
courtofthe United States for thedistrictsofTen-
nessee.
Mr. BINGHAM (all the managers standing)
read the articles of impeachment, as follows:
Articles exhibited hy the House of Representee/ncs of the
United States in the namcoj (kcnueli csandoj all the peo-
ple of Hie United Slate* uzain-t West 71. Humphreys
jutl^c ofthp dttfrirL com t of ike United States for the sev-
eral dhti ids of th<• State of Tennessee, in maintenance and
support of their impeachment against him for hi«h crime*
and misdemeanors.
Article 1. That, regardle-s of Ins duties a- a citizen of
the United Slates-, and uinnind'ul of the duties of his said
otTi'se, and iti violation of the -aeied obligation of In - offiei.il
o.ith "to administer jn-tice without respect to per-ons"
u and faithfully and inipaitiallv dischaige all the duties in-
cumbent upon bun a^ judge ot the distuet court of tliu
United States foi the several di-tnet-5 of the State, ofTen-
net bee atrn-eahle to the Constitution and low- of the United
States." the ^aid We-t 11. Humphreys, on the :29th day of
December, A. D. IK>0. in the euy ot N.u-hvijlc, m «aid^
State, the -aid We-t II. Humphi «-vs then being a citizen ol
the United States, and owm; allegiance thereto, and thou
and there being judge ot the di-ttiet couitof the United
States lot the seveial di-tuct- of said State, at a public
medina:, on the day and jear ia*t a!ore-aid, held in said
city ol Nashville, and in the hear ingot diver  person* then
there present, did endeavor by public speech to incite revolt
and lebellion within said State against the Constitution and
Govefnment of rhe United States, and did then and there
publiclv declaie that it was the right of the people of said
Slate, by an ordinance of secession, to absolve themselves
from all allegiance to the Government of the United States,-
the Constitution and laws thereof.
Art. 2. That, in further disregard of his duties as a cit-
izen of the United States, and unmindful of the solemn
obligations of his office as judge of the district court of the
United States for the several districts of the State of Ten-
nessee, and that he held his said office, by the Constitution
of the United States, during good behavior only, with intent
to abuse the high trust reposed in him as such judge, and
to subvert the lawful authority aud Government of the Uni-
ted States withm said State, the said West 11^ Humphreys,
then being judge of the district court of the United Spates,
as aforesaid, to wit: in the year of our Lord 1861, in said
State ofTetmeasee, did, together with other eviUminded
persons within said State, opeuly and unlawfully support,
advocate, and agree to an act commonly called an ordi-
nance of secession, declaring the State ot Tennessee inde-
pendent of the Government of the United States, and no
longer within the jurisdiction thereof.
Art. 3. That in the years of our Lord 1861 and 1862,
within the United Stales, and in said State of Tennessee,
the«aid West H. Humphreys, then owing allegiance to the
Uuited States of America, and then being district judge
of the United States, as aforesaid, did then and there to wit:
within said State, unlawfully, and in conjunction with
other poisons, organize armed rebellion against the United
States, and levy war against them.
Art. 4. Thar on the 1st day of August, A. D. 1861, and
on <uvers other da\s since that time, within said State of
Tennessee, the said West H. Humphreys, then being judge
of the district court ol the United States, as aforesaid, and
J. C. Ramsay, and Jefferson Davis, and others, did unlaw-
fully conspire together " to oppose by force the authority
of the Government of the United States," contrary to his
duty as such judge and.to the laws of the United States.
Art. 5. That said West II. Humphreys, with intent to
prevent the due administration of the laws of the United
States within said State of Tennessee, and to aid and abet
the overthrow of£fc the authority of the Government of the
United States" withm said State, has, in gross disregard of
his duty as. judge of the distuet court of the United States,
as aforesaid, and in violation of the laws of the United
State5?, neglected and refused to hold the district court of
the United States,as by law he was required to do, within
the several districts of the State of Tennessee, ever since
the 1st day ot July, A. D. 1861.
Art. 6. That the satd West H. Humphreys, in the year
of our Lord 1861, within the State of Tennessee,and with
intent to subveit the authority of the Government of the
United State-, to hinder and delay the due execution of
the laws ot the United States, and to oppress and injure
citizens of the United State*, did unlawiully act as judge
of an illegally constituted tribunal within said State,called
the district couit of the conledeinte States of America, and
as judge ot said tribunal la&t named said West H. Hum-
phieys, with the intent aforesaid, then and there assumed
and excreted powers unlawful and unjust, to wit: in caus-
ing one Poiez Dickinson, a citizen of said State, to be un-
lawfully airested and biouirht before him, as judge of said
alleged court of said confederate States of Amcrica, and re-
quiied him to swear allegiance to rhe pretended govern-
ment of said confederate States of America; and upon the
icfusal of said Dickinson so to do, the said Ilumphieys,
as judge of said illegal tribunal, did unlawfully, and with
the intent to oppiess said Dickinson, require and receive of
him a bond, conditioned that while he should remain with-
in said State he would keep the peace, and as such judge
of said illegal tuhunal, and without authoiny of law, said
Ilumphieys there and then decreed that said Dickinson
should leave said State.
2. In decreeing withm said State, and as judge of said
illegal iubunul,the confiscation to the use of said confed-
erate Slates of America ot property of citizens of theUni-
ted States, and especially of piopeity of one Andrew John-
son and one John Catron.
3 In causing, as judge of said illegal tribunal, to be un-
lawfully anosted and nnpnsoncd within said State citizens
of the United States because of their fidelity to their obli-
gations as citizens of the United States, and because of
their rejection of, and their resistance to, the unjust and
assumed authority of said confedciate Slates of America.
Art. 7. That said West II. Ilumphieys, judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States as aforesaid, assuming to
act as judge of said tribunal known as the district court of
the confederate States ot Amei ica, did, in the year of our
Loid 1861, without lawful authority, and with intent to in-
jure one William G. Brownlow, a citizen of the United
State-, cause said Brownlow to be unlawiully arrested and
imprisoned within satd State in violation of the rights of
said Brownlow as a citizen of the United States, and of the
duties of said Humphreys as a district judge of the United
Stales.
And the House of Representatives, by protestation, sav-
ins to themselves the liberty of exhibiting at anytime here-
after any further articles, or other accusation or impeach-
ment against the said We«.t H. Humplueys, and also ot re-
plying to Ins answeis which he shall make unto the articles
herein pteferred against him, and of offering proof to the
same and every pait thereof, and to all and every other ar-
ticle accusation, or impeachment which shall be exhibited
bv them as the case shall icquire, do demand that the said
YVe-t II. Jlumplnevsmay be put to answerthc high crimes
and misdemeanors herein charged against him, and that
such proceedings, examinations, tt mis, and judgments may
be thereupon had and given as mav be agreeable to law and
justice. GALUSUA A GROW,
Speaker House of Representatives.
Attest: EMERSON ETilERIDGE,
Clerk House of Representatives.
Mr. BINGHAM delivered the articles to the
Secretary, who handed them to the Vice Presi-
dent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair informs
the managers on the part of the House of Repre-
sentatives that the Senate will take proper order
upon the impeachment preferred, of which notice
