2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
will be furnished to the House of Representa-
tives.
The managers thereupon retired.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to issue a sum-
mons, in the usual form, to West H. Humphreys, judge of
the district court of the United States for the districts of
Tennessee, to answer a certain article of impeachment ex-
hibited against him by the House of Representatives on
this day, and that the said summons be returnable here on
Monday, the 9th day of June next, and be served by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, or some person deputed by him, at least
ten days before the return day thereof.
Orderedt That the Secretary lay this resolution before
the House of Representatives.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. FOSTER. I now move that the court of
impeachment be adjourned until Monday, the 9th
day of June next, at one o'clock m the after-
noon.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday being the bill (H. R. No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt,
is now before the Senate as m Committee of the
Whole; the pending question being on the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Finance, to
strike out the last proviso to the twentieth section
in the following words:
Provided, That there shall be exempt from distraint the
tools or implements of a trade or profession, one cow,
arms, and provisions, and household furniture kept for use,
and apparel necessaiy for a family.
Mr. GRIMES. I see the vote is going to be
against striking out that proviso, and therefore I
have nothing to say upon it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next section
of the bill will be read.
Tho Secretary read section twenty-one, as fol-
lows:
Sfc.SH. And he it further cnactcd%T\\n\ the duties and
taxes to he assessed in puiMiauce oftln  act shall l>e a lien
upon the property Mibjccr to the duty or V\k from the time
ot as^e^meiu tiii fully paid, and in all cases wlieie the prop-
erly liable to distraint for dune« or ta^os under this act may
not be divisible, -so a« to enable the collector by n ^;ilo of
part thereof to j ai^c the whole amount of the tax, with all
costs, ch.uges, and commissions, the whole of such prop-
erty shall be sold, and the plus of the procccus ot the
Hale, after satisfying the duty oi tav, costs and charges, shall
be paid to the owner of the propei tv, or his, her," or their
legal representatives, or n he, she, of they cannot be found,
or refuse to rooojvc the suith1. thejn such suiplus t-hall be
deposited m the Treasury of the United States, to be there
held for the use of the owner or his, her, or then legal rep-
resentatives, until ho, she, or they shall make application
therefor to the Secretary ot the Tiea«uiv, who, upon <mch
application, 'dmll, by warrant on the Treasury, cause the
same to be paid to the applicant. And if the piopeity ad-
vertised foi sale a-. afoie-;ud cannot be bold for the amount
of the duty or tax due thereon, with the costs and charges,
the collector shall purchase the same in behalf of the Uni-
ted States for an amount not ex< ecdnt" the said tax or duty,
with the eovt> and charges thereon. And the collector shall
render a distinct account of the charges incuned in offer-
ing and advertising for sale such pioperty, and shall pay
into the Treasuiy the surplus, if at v there be after dcfravinc
the charges. °
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
the section by inserting in line twenty-three, after
the words " costs and charges thereon," the
words "and all property so purchased may be
sold by said collector under such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue."
Mr. SHERMAN. Before tho question is taken
on that amendment, I desire to move to reconsider
the vote on the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance in the sixteenth line of the
eleventh section. I was not watching the progress
of the bill at the time the vote was taken, and the
amendment reported by the Committee on Finance
rejected. I move to reconsider that vote. I de-
sire to have the question put again upon that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to reconsider the vote by which the i
Senate rejected the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance to strike out, in lint's four-
teen and fifteen, of the eleventh section, the words:
and, m case of such refusal, the assessor shall
thereupon double the amount of the items there-
of,''and to insert in lieu thereof: "and in case of
refusal or neglect to make such lists, except in
cases of sickness, the assessor shall thereupon
add fifty per cent, to the amount of the items
thereof."
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain in a moment
the reason of the amendment. As the bill came
from the House of Representatives there was no
provision made for the neglect of a party to make
the list, and there was no exception in cases of
sickness. After full consideration, the Commit-
tee on Finance thought it was better to strike out
the penalty pi cscribcd by the House of doubling
the tax, and to require that" in case of refusal to
make such lists, except in cases of sickness, the
assessors shall thereupon add fifty per cent, to
the amount of the items thereof." I think that a
much better provision. It will provide a penalty
sufficient to induce the making out of the list, and
at the same time it will not operate in cases of
sickness or disability. 1 hope, therefore, the
amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. IIOWE. The case of sickness, I under-
stand, was provided for in the bill as itcame from
the House. It was provided for in the clause at
the end of the section, which the committee pro-
posed to strike out.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, he will find that in cases of sickness the same
penalty will be attached as in other cases. The
provision at the end of the section would only re-
lievo a person in case of sickness from the penalty
of §100. It would not relieve him the penalty of
doubling the tax. It would relieve him from a
criminal prosecution for the forfeiture of $100, and
nothing else.
Mr. HOWE. The effect of the amendment pro-
posed by the committee,as I slated yesterday, and
as I think it isimportant the Senate should under-
stand, is just this: the bill as it came from the
House proposed, as a penalty for a refusal to make
a return of property subject to taxation, that the
assessor should make a list of it, and double the
assessed value of it,and impose a fine of $100. The
effect of the amendment, then, is to reduce the pen-
alty to fifty per cent., and to sti ike out the fine of
#100. The question for tho Senate to determine is
whether either penalty, fifty per cent, or a hundred
percent.,will furnishadeqnateseeurity. Thconly
object in the world of these provisions is simply to
insure the makingof are turn by the individual to be
taxed. I fhe does that, there is no penalty whatever.
But if he says he will not do it, it lm poses upon the
assessor the labor of ascertaining the items which
go to make up his taxable property, and gives
him tho privilege of adding fifty per cent. If any
assessor can tell the items which make up any
great property subject to taxation,the productof
a manufacturer, the product of a distiller, or of a
brewer, and give the items within fifty per cent.,
then fifty per cent, is an adequate pennlty. But
I submit there is not an income in the United
States, nor is there a large producer in the United
States, of whom any neighbor of his, the best ac-
quainted with his business, can come within a
thousand per cent, of the items which make up
his production or his income. I have no faith in
either of these penalties. I do not think either
will insure the making of a return. I think there
ought to he a very different remedy provided than
either of these for the case of a refusal.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will add but a word more
to explain this matter to theSenate, that they may
understand it. The House bill provided no pen-
alty whateverin the way of additional taxation in
case of a mere neglect to make out the list. Under
the House bill, the person assessed might simply
neglect to perform his duty under the law, and
there was no penalty in the shape of additional
taxes. If he positively refused, then the tax was
doubled; but there was no penalty against neglect.
As a matter of course, a person served with the
notice would simply neglect to make it out; he
would be conveniently absent; or he would give
some excuse not amounting to a refusal. The as-
sessor was then bound to make it out and no addi-
tional tax was imposed. This provision, reported
by the committee, is copied from the laws of sev-
eral of the States. Itprovides that the peison shall
make out the list, and if he neglect or refuse to do
it, the assessor then makes it out for him and fifty
per cent, is added to theamountofeachitem yhich
he refused to give. That penalty is sufficient fo
induce a person to make out his income; because
this only applies to income. It does not apply to
personal property or real property, but simply to
income. If the person assessed should fail to make
out his list according to law, then the assessor as-
certains it as near as he can, and adds a penalty of
fifty per cent, upon the items. After full consid-
eration by the committee, we thought this provis-
ion would be much better. My motion does not
extend to a reconsideration of the vote on the last
clause, imposing a penalty of $100. I should be
in favor of striking that out, because I would not
multiply suits under this bill; but my motion does
not extend to that. • That will stand as part of the
bill, so far as my motion goes.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Ohio does not
meet the point of the objection which I urjjed to
this amendment. It is perhaps a matter of judg-
ment whether an assessor can enumerate the items
of any man's income, not his own, within fifty
per cent. If it is the opinion of the Senator from
Ohio that he can do it, then that will afford addi-
tional security in his opinion; and if such be the
opinion ofthe Senate,then I think the amendment
ought to be adopted. But I conceive that fifty per
cent., or one hundred per cent, either, is wholly
inadequate. The kindred provision in,the taxing
laws of the States I understand to be to authorize
the assessor to fix a gross sum which the person
refusing to give a list shall pay. It may be fifty
per cent, on the amount of the items which he
knows as entering into his estate, or it may be five
thousand per cent, on them. He has the right to
doom him to any amount of taxation that he sees
fit to impose until he will consent to give a list.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this amendment
was agreed upon by the committee after consid-
erable discussion of the matter, and I hope it will
be allowed to stand as the committee fixed it in
the first place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee also rec-
ommended to strike out the final clause of the
eleventh section, but the Senate has decided other-
wise, and I think, on the whole, wisely; but as it
remains, it will be necessary, in order to make it
consistent with the other parts ofthe bill, to strike
out in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh lines
the words "in any court of competent jurisdic-
tion ;" and I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recutson tho amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance to the twenty-first section of the bill, to in-
sert in line twenty-three, after the word "thereon,"
the following words:
And all property so purchased may be sold by said col-
lector under such regulations a* may be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee on
Finance further move to amend the same section
by strikingout,in line twenty-six, the word "the,"
and inserting the word "all;" and in line twenty-
seven, by striking out the words "offering and
advertising for," and inserting the word " the;"
and after the word "sale"inserting the word "of;"
so that the clause will read:
And the collector shall render a distinct account of all
charges incurred in the sale of such property, and shall pay
into the Treasury the suiplus, if any there be, after defray-
ing the chaises.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next section
will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that the Secre-
tary read sections twenty-two and twenty-three
together, as the proposition of the committee is to
strike out both those sections and insert a new
one instead of them.
The Secietary read the sections proposed to be
strickcn out, as follows:
Sec. 22. ~in<l be it Jurtker enacted, That with respect to
property lying within any collection distuct, not owned or
occupied, or superintended by some person residing m such
collection distiict, and not being m or having some place
ot business within l he United State*, and on winch the duty
or tax shall not have been paid to the collector or deputy
collector within ninety do>s> alter the day on which lie shall
have received the collection lists from tb« said assessors,
respectively, as afoies.iid, or within ninetv days from the
tune any other or additional lists xhali have been received,
as aforesaid, the collector shall mtnsmit iist-= ot the same to
one of the collectors within the same State, to be desig-
nated for that puipose by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue; and thecollectoi who shall have been thus designated
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall tiansmit
receipts lor all the lists received, as aforesaid, to the col-
