1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
and will not occupy five minutes. It is a matter
of immediate importance.
Mr. MORRILL. If it leads to any discussion,
I shall object to it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 243) providing for the appoint-
ment of light-house inspectors. The bill, as it
passed the House, authorized the President to
appoint any person whom he may think duly
qualified therefor to serve as a light-house in-
spector of any light-house district on the coasts
of the United States, the person so appointed to
receive pay and emoluments at the same rates as
his predecessor in such service was compensated;
but this act is to be in force only during the ex-
istence of the present rebellion, and for one year
after the same is terminated.
The Committee on Commerce of the Senate re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to strike out
all of the bill after the enacting clause, and insert
the following in lieu thereof:
That so much of the act entitled " An act makingappro-
priations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &.C., and pio-
viding for the erection and establishment of the same, and
for other purposes," approved August 31, 18o2, be, and
hereby is, so fur modified as to authorize the President to
direct the detail of officers of the revenue cutter service to
serve as light-house inspectorsin any of the hght-liouse dis-
tricts created by the said act: Provided, That oifieers of the
revenue cutter scrvice so detailed shall not be entitled to
any increase of compensation for such service.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the
amendment in line nine, by inserting after the word
" service," the words " or to appoint civilians;"
so that it will read:
Authorize the President to direct the detail of officers of
the revenue cutter service, or to appoint civrlians, to serve
as light-house inspectors, &c.
Mr. PESSENDEN. 1 hope that will not be
adopted. The effect of it is simply to take money
out of the Treasury, for no good reason at all—
not the slightest in the world—and multiply the
number of officers; and not only to extend patron-
age, but to increase the annoyance we all have in
all quarters from those who want offices.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Senator
from Maine, with his permission, that my reason
for moving to insert these words was, that there
is a present necessity, as I am informed, for the
appointment of civilians on the southern coast,
where there are no revenue officers to act in that
capacity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a single case on
•the southern coast where a member of the House
wants an appointment. That is all the necessity.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is that the whole of it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, that is the whole
of it; and that is the origin of this bill. The bill
is unnecessary in all its parts. I have taken pains
to inquire into it, and I became satisfied that the
whole movement arose simply from the desire of
certain persons who cannot get any other offices
to overcome the rules, and they are very benefi-
cial ones, in regard to all these light-house matters
for the sake of getting appointments. That is just
the whole story from beginning to end. I looked
into it last year, and it was under this state of
facts: a gentleman in my own town came to me
and suggested that this arrangement ought to be
made; that civilians ought to be appointed to these
offices; that there were not enough of the officers
of the Army and Navy that could be spared to do
this business; and therefore it was exceedingly
desirable that this particular section should be re-
pealed so that civilians might be appointed; and
he suggested that he was a proper man for the ap-
pointment at the same time that he furnished me
the information. Well, sir, he was a very proper
man, and would make a good appointee. He was
a friend of mine, and 1 should like to have had
him appointed. When I 'came on here, I inquired
of the Light-House Board to know how the fact
was; and they stated that the system, as it had
been found in its operation heretofore, had bepn
very beneficial; that it was taken out of poli-
tics and political changes; that the whole light-
house establishment, as we all concede, had been
exceedingly well managed and economically, and
was an exceedingly good system at the present
time; and that if any interference of this sort was
had, the result would be to throw it into political
changes, and it would work evil. I inquired as to
the necessity for it. They said there was no ne-
cessity for it; that they ordinarily had officers
enough, who were not fit for any other duty, to
attend to it, and where they had not, the engineers
attended to it; that the whole system went on ex-
ceedingly well and economically, and that any
change would be only for the worse. I became
satisfied of it, and I opposed the change for that
reason, although I had a personal friend that I
should like to have had appointed.
When this subject was started in the House, it
started really on a single case. The bill was got
up for the purpose of having a certain man ap-
pointed down on the coast of Florida. I suggest
to the Senator from Michigan that the Committee
on Commerce had better look into the subject
and inquire of the Light-House Board in regard
to it. If they do, they will find there is no ne-
cessity for it, and that it will only lead to evil and
the multiplication of offices.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Sena-
tor that the Committee on Commerce examined
the subject very thoroughly, and the whole House
bill has been stricken out by the committee, and
the superintendence of the light-houses trans-
ferred to the revenue service. The Secretary of
the Treasury stated to me that he could perform
this service without any expense whatever to the
Department; that the captains in the revenue ser-
vice were continually cruising along the coasts
where light-houses were located and could do this
duty without any expense to the Government.
The bill provides that there shall be no extra pay for
superintendence; whereas,under the old system,
officers of the Army and Navy who were on wait-
ing-orders pay, or some other small pay, were ex-
ceedingly anxious to obtain these appointments
because it placed them on activc-service pay.
Then, again, officers of the Army and Navy draw
mileage while they are in this service; so that in
fact you pay a larger extra sum to officers of the
Army and Navy than you would pay if you ap-
pointed civilians. Under this proposition to trans-
fer the scrvice directly to the Treasury Depart-
ment and authorize the employment of revenue
officers, they are, as I said before, cruising about
in the revenue cutters and can perform the service
just as well, and without any expense whatever
to the service.
Mr. GRIMES. I have an amendment which
I should like to submit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment to an amendment now pending.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will withdraw that
amendment to the amendment upon the repre-
sentation of the Senator from Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment is withdrawn, and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa is now in order.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment, as an additional section:
•And he it further enacted, That all acts and parts of acts
authorizing or requiring the detail of officers of the Army
or Navy for service as inspectors or for the performance of
other duty in connection with the light-houses ot the Uni-
ted States be, and tile same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
Senator give some reason for that amendment. I
hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. It is to perfect the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what the
gentleman means by perfecting the bill. I sup-
pose he means to defeat it. The truth is, I am
perfectly satisfied that any interference, any in-
termeddling with the light-house system as it ex-
ists at the present time will be very unwise indeed.
As I said before, I examined this subject some
time ago; and the Secretary of the Treasury, 1
am bound to think, at the time he made these rec-
ommendations, had not investigated the matter
so fully as he has since, in connection with the
Light-House Board, of which he is a member,
and, I believe, the President. I know that since the
proposition was made here to transfer the light-
house system to the Navy the board were called
upon to report on the subject. Before that report
had been made the Secretary of the Treasury, on
his own hook, not on consultation with the board
of which he is a member, had the impression that
this matter could be transferred to the revenue
department. I am inclined to think that since
that time he has changed his opinion on that sub-
ject, because since then he has had a full report
from the board itself; and I am very much of the
opinion that he would not express the same views
now that he has heretofore. I cannot say so posi-
tively; but that is my impression. Since that
time the Light-House Board have made a report,
which has been laid on our table, and printed. I
think it was presented by the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce himself. I have read
that report carefully since it was printed, from
beginning to end. It satisfies me perfectly and
strengthens my previous impression that it would
be very unwise, without very great consideration,
to meddle with it at all. There is not the slightest
complaint about it as it is. The Secretary of the
Treasury knows very little about it, compara-
tively, because his time has not permitted him to
examine it; although, to be sure, he is president
of the board; he is the head of it and has the man-
agement of it, and it is all under his supervision
in point of fact.
Now. sir, if the Senator has read that report of
the Light-House Board carefully, I think he must
come to the same conclusion that I have. The
whole light-house system is managed by the board
itself. It has one or two secretaries, who are the
executive officers. It is perfect in its operation as
any system in the world, and has been product-
ive of very great benefit to commerce and very
great saving and economy in the public money.
It has been managed by gentlemen of high char-
acter, and it has been managed well. They who
know and understand the details of it make no
application for any change. They do not desire it.
The reasons are quite satisfactory to me why
there should be none. To be sure, the officers of
the Army and Navy cannot at this moment be
detailed for this service; and if they do detail them,
they arc probably some who could not serve else-
where; but it is under the charge of the engineers
and the principal men in the office, and the system
goes along perfectly well, just as it has hereto-
fore.
Suppose you put it under the charge of revenue
officers. I am bound to say that the revenue of-
ficers are not, as a general rule, so far as I have
kno^n anythingabout them, men capable of man-
aging this business so well. They can manage
a ship; they can attend to their business at sea;
but they have not the requisite information and
knowledge to attend to this duty in addition to
their own. The Secretary might have bed an
idea that it could work under his direction, through
the officers of the revenue; but I think he will find
himself very much mistaken, and that he will be
imposing upon them a business to which they
would hardly be adequate. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that he had better examine
the matter further before he presses this bill. If
he then remains of the same opinion, perhaps I
shall make no objection to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have very carefully ex-
amined the same report to which the Senator
alludes, and I confess that I came to a different
conclusion, although not wholly from that report.
The object of this bill is not to change—as the
Senator from Iowa seems to be so desirous that
it should—the service entirely; but to leave it op-
tional with the Secretary either to appoint from
Army or Navy officers or the revenue service. If
there' is an incompetent man in the revenue ser-
vice, of course the Secretary would not appoint
him. If he proved himself incompetent, of course
the Secretary would remove him.
Then again, sir, we have actually paid starva-
tion prices until this year to our revenue officers.
We have raised their pay, and we are raising the
grade of character in that service. Now, no mail
will say that Captain Faunce is not as capable to
superintend a light-house as any captain in the
Navy. There are other equally good officers m
that service. The bill leaves it optional with the
Secretary of the Treasury either to appoint an
officer of the Army or Navy or of the revenue ser-
vice; and that is all there is of it.
Now, sir, at this time we have not the Army
or Navy officers to spare. We have three or four
light-house inspectors upon the lakes, and there
are no officers to be detailed to that service. We
have revenue officers there who can perform this
service, who are applying for it, who are anxious
to perform it. It will be done without one shil-
ling of expense to the Government. You pay no
extra pay, no mileage, no perquisites. I see no
reason why this bill should not be passed, and
passed at once. I think it is for the interest of
the service, and it will be an economical measure
to the Treasury. I hope, however, theamendment
of the Senator from Iowa will not be adopted.
