1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2270
lector transmitting the same; and the collectors thus des-
ignated m each State by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, shall cause notifications of the duties ortaxes due as
aforesaid, and contained in the lists thus transmitted to
.them, to be published for twenty days in at least one of the
nuw>papeis pubibhed in or nearest to the county where the
property is situated; and the owners of the property on
which such duties or taxes may he due shall be permitted
to pay to such collector the said duty or tax, with an addi-
tional five per cent. thereon: Provided, That such pay-
ment is made within six months after the day on which the
collector of the district where such property lies had noti-
fied that the tax had become due on the same.
Sec. 23. And be it /wither enacted, That when any tax,
as aforesaid, shall have remained unpaid for the term of
six months, as aforesaid, the collector ofthe State where the
jHopcriy lies,and who {shall have been dei«ignated by the
Commissioner of Interna! Revenue, as aforesaid, having
first advertised the same for twenty days in at least one
newspaper in the State, shall proceed to sell, at public sale,
so much of the said property as may be necessity to satisfy
the duties or taxes due thereon, together with an addition
of five per cent, thereon; or if such properly is not divisi-
ble, as aforesaid, the whole thereof shall be sold and ac-
counted for in the manner heiembeforo provided. If the
property advertised tor sale cannot be sold for the amount
ofthe duty or tax due thereon, together with the said addi-
tion, the collector shall purchase the t-ame in behalf of the
United States for such amount and addition. And the col-
lector shall render a distinct account of the charges in-
curred in offering and advertising for sale such property,
and pay into the Treasury the surplus, if any, ofthe aforesaid
addition of five per cent-, after defraying the said charges.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee on
Finance propose to strike out these two sections
after the word "that," in the first line of the
twenty-second section, and to insert in lieu thereof:
If any collector shall find upon any lists of taxes re-
turned to him for collection property lying within his dis-
trict which is charged with any specific or ad valorem tax
or duty, hut which is not owned, occupied, or superintended
by some person known to such col lector to reside or to have
some place of business within the United States., such col-
lector &hall forthwith take such property into his custody,
and shall advertise the same, and the tax charged upon the
same, m some newspaper published in his district, if any
shall be published therein, otherwise In some newspaper
in an adjoining district, for the space of thirty days ; and if
the taxes theieon, with all charges for advertising, shall
not he paid within said thirty days, such collector shall pro-
ceed to sell the same, or &o much as U necessary, in the
manner provided for the sale of other goods distrained for
non-payment of taxes, and outof the proceeds shall satisfy
all taxes chaiged upon such pioperty, with the costs of ad-
vertising and selling the same. And like proceedings to
those piovided in the preceding section for the purchase
and resale of property which cannot be sold for the amount
of duty or tax due thereon shall be had with regard to prop-
erty sold under the provisions of this section. And any
surplus arising from any sale herein provided for shall be
paid into the Treasury, for the benefit of the owner of the
propeity. And the Secretary of the Treasury Is authoi ized
in any case, where money shall be paid into the Tteasury for
the benefit of any owner of property sold as aforesaid, to
repay the same, on pi oper proof being furnished that the
person applying rhoicfor is entitled to receive the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section twenty-four, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the several col-
lectors shall, at the expiration of each and every month,
after they shall, respectively, commence their collections,
transmit to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue a state-
ment ofthe collections made by them, respectively, within
the month, and pay over monthly, or at such tune ortimes
as may be required by the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, the moneys by them respectively collected within the
said term, and at such places as may be designated and in-
quired by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and each
of the said collectors shall complete the collection of all
sums annually assigned to him for collection, as aforesaid,
shall pay over the same into the Treasury, and shall render
his final account to theTreasuiy Department as often as he
may he required, and within six monthsfrom and after the
day when he shall have received the collection lists fiom
the said assessors or assistant assessors, as afoiesaid: Pi o-
vided, however, That the period of one year from the said
annual day shall be allowed to the collector designated m
each State, as aforesaid, by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, with respect to the taxes contained in the list
transmitted to him by the other collectors, as aforesaid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That proviso is rendered
inapplicable and unnecessary by the adoption of
the amendment in the two preceding sections. I
therefore move to strike it out.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read section twenty-five, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted. That each collector
••hall he chaiged with the whole amount of taxes by him re-
ceipted, whether contained In the lists delivered to him by
the principal assessor?., tes>peetivcly, or delivered or trans-
mitted to him by assistant assessors from time to tune, or
by other collectors; and shall be allowed credit for the
amount of duties or taxes contained in the lists transmitted
hi the manner above piovided to other collectors, and by
them receipted as nioresaid; and also for the duties or taxes
of such persons as may have absconded, or become insolv-
ent. subsequent to the date ofthe assessment, and ptior to
the'day when the duty or tax ought, according to the pro-
visions of this act, to have been collected: Piouided. That
it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury that due diligence was used by the collector,
and that no property was left from which the duty or tax
could have been recovered. And each collector, designated
in each State, as aforesaid, by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, shall receive credit for the duties or taxes due
for all propeity, aiticlcs, or objects which, after being of-
fered by him for sale in manner aforesaid, shall or may have
been puichased by lnm in behalf of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Committee on
Finance propose to amend this section by strik-
ing- out all after the word " collector," in the sev-
enteenth line, in the following words:
Designated in each State, as aforesaid, by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, shall receive credit for the du-
ties or taxes due for all property, articles, or objects which,
afiei being offered by him for sale m manner aforesaid, shall
or may have been purchased by hi in in behalf of tiie United
States.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Shall also be credited with the amount of all property
purchased by him for the use ofthe United Stales: Provided,
He shall faithfully account foi and*pay over the proceeds
thereof upon a resale of the same, as required by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section twenty-six, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 26. And be it farther enactcd, That if any collector
shall fail cither to collect or to reader his account, or to pay
over in the manner or within the times hereinbefore pro-
vided, it shall be the duty of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, and he is heieby authorized and required, imme-
diately after such delinquency, to report the same to the
Solicitor ofthe Treasuiy, who shall issue awariantofdis-
tiess against such delinquent collector and his sureties,
directed to the marshal of the district, therein expressing
the amount of the taxes with which the said collector is
chargeable, and the sums, if any, which have been paid.
And the said marshal shall himself, or by his deputy, im-
mediately proceed to levy and collect the sum winch may
remain due, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels
or any personal effects of the delinquent collector; and
furthermore, if such goods, chattels, and effects cannot be
found sufficient to satisfy the said warrant, the said mar-
shal or his deputy shall and may proceed to levy and col-
lect the sum which remains due, by distress and sale of the
goods and chattels or any personal effects of the surety or
sureties of the delinquent collector. And the amount of
the sums due from any collector as afore-aid. shall, and the
!?ame are hereby declated to be, a lien upon the lands and
real elate of such collector and his sureties, until the same
shall be discharged according to law. And for want of goods
and chattels or other personal effects ot such collector or
hlssuieties, sufficient to satisfy any warrant of dimness, is-
sued pursuant to the preceding section of this act, the lands
and real estate of such collector andhissuieties,orso much
thereof as may be necessary for satisfying the said vvairant,
after being adveitised for at least three weeks in not less
than three public places m the collection district, and in one
newspaper printed in thecountyor district, if any there he,
puor to the proposed tune of sale, may and shall be sold at
public auction by the marshal or his deputy, who, upon
such sale shall, as such man-hal or deputy maishal, make
and deliver to the puichaser ofthe pieinises^o sold a deed
of conveyance thereof, to be executed and acknowledged
in like manner as if said pieini-cs had been sold upon ex-
ecution issued on a judgnv-nt at law, which said deed so
made shall invent the purchaser with all the title and interest
of the defendant or defendants named in said wariant. And
all moneys that may remain of the ptoceeds of such sale,
alter satisfying the said wanant of dlstiess and paying the
reasonable coots and charges of sale, shall be letuined to
the propiictor ofthe lands oi real estate sold as aforesaid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
propose to amend this section by inserting, after
the word " be," in the twenty-third line, the
words:
In all cases wheio the official bond of such collector has
been duly recorded as aforesaid.
So that the clause will read:
And the amount of the sums due from any collector, as
aforesaid, frhall, and the same are hereby declared to be, in
all eancs wheie the official bond of such collector has been
duly recoided as afoiesaid, a lien upon the lands and leal
estate of such collector and his sureties, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provision in a pre-
vious section which rendered it necessary to record
the bonds has been rejected by the Senate. If
that action is to stand, this amendment should
follow the same fate. It will then leave, unless
the Senate should strike out. th" whole clausc, a
lien without any record at all. This amendment,
however, should be rejected as the other has been.
The amendment was not agreed lo.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask the chairman of
the committee whether, in his opinion, the clause
beginning with the twenty-first line relating to the
lien should not be amended. I must say I hare
a doubt about it as applied to the sureties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very free to say that,
as the Senate has rejected the amendment that the
committee proposed, I think it should not stand
with regard to the sureties.
Mr. SUMNER. The question that occurred
to me was, whether the clause might not be left
with reference to the collector, by striking out the
words" and his sureties," in the twenty-fifth line.
How does that strike the Senator?
Mr, FESSENDEN. I think that would do.
Mr. SUMNER. I will move to strike out the
words " and his sureties,iJ in the twenty-fifth line.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts, that we have mad« no pro-
vision for giving notice of any lien in any way
whatever, either against the property "of the col-
lector or of hia sureties. It was very generally
asserted here yesterday that it would be proper
to make these bonds a lien on the property of the
collector-, but there would be little propriety, I
think, in making it a lien, unless you provided
someway of giving notice of the lien, so as to pro-
tect purchasers. That can be done; and I wish
now simply to suggest whether we had not better
strike out the whole clause, and then substitute
an amendment when we go over the bill a second
time.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose an amendment
is not strictly in order at present, as we are now
going on with the amendments of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
decided the amendment of the committee to be re-
jected. Still, if the Senator proposes to amend it,
the Chair will receive it.
Mr. HOWE. The amendment was properly
rejected. Thequcstion is, whether we shall amend
further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the next section.
The Secretary read section twenty-seven, as
follows:
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That eacli and every
collector or his deputy who shall exorcise or be guilty of
any extoition or willful oppression, under colorof this act,
or shall knowinglv demand other oi greater sums than shall
be authorized by this act, slull be liable to pay a sutu not
exceeding double the amount of damages accruing to the
party injured, to be recovered by and for the use of the
party Injured, with co^ts ot suit, in any court having com-
petent jurisdiction, and shall be dismissed from office, and
be disqualified from holding such office thereafter; and
each and every collector, or his deputies, shall give receipts
for all sums by them collected and retained in pursuance
of this acju
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
propose to amend this section in the eighteenth
line by striking out the words "in any court of
competent jurisdiction."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section twenty-eight, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 28. And be it further cnattcd, That a collector or
deputy collector shall' be authorized to enter, iu the day
time, any brewery, disttlleiy, manufactory, building, or
place where auv property, articles, or objects subject to duty
or taxation under the provisions of this act, are made, pro-
duced, or kept within his district, so far as it maybe neces-
bary for the purpose of examining t-aid property,aittcles,or
objects, or inspecting the accounts required by this act Irom
time to time to be made. And every owner of such brew-
ery, distillery, manufactory, building, or place, or persons
having the agency or superintendence of the same, who
shall icfu^e to admit such officer, or to suffer him to exam-
ine said property, articles, or objects, or to inspect said ac-
counts, shall, for every such refusal, forfeit and pay the
sum of $500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that section ought
to be amended. None has been proposed by the
committee, but lest it may escape me I wifi sug-
gest the amendment that 1 think ought to be made.
When tlietcommittce passed over that section,
they supposed it was confined to breweries, dis-
tilleries, manufactories, &c. I did not observe
that it went on from breweries and distilleries,
where the collector alone collects the taxes be-
cause they are definite, to any " manufactory,
building1, or place where any property, articles, or
objects, subject to d uty or taxation under the pro-
visions of this act, are made, produced, or kept.'
I think it should bo amended by inserting after
the words " deputy collector," the words, " as-
sessor or assistant assessor/' and I move that
amendment. However, I will let it go, and move
the amendment a^ain at the proper time.
The Secretary lead section twuity-nmc, as fol-
iows:
Sec. '29. And he it fuithcr enactcd, That if any person
shall forcibly obstruct or hinder a eollector or deputy col-
lector in the execution of this act, or of any power and au-
thority hereby vested in him, or shall forcibly rescuc, or
cause to be rcscued, any property, articles, or objects, after
the same shall have been seized by him, or sfeall attempt
or endeavor so to do, the person so offending shall, for every
such offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $5<X>.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
