1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
the attention of the Senate simply to one point
which he has presented. He said that General
Lane, of Kansas, when elected as a Senator in
this body, by the fact of his election became a
Senator, so that this clause of the Constitution
operated to create an incompatibility between the
function of Senator and the new office which it is
said he accepted. The Senator from Kentucky,
as X understood, argued that the function of the
Senator, at least for the purposes of this case,
commences with his election.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, if the Senator will
allow me just to make my statement. The Sen-
ator, I say, assumes that the function of the Sen-
ator, at least for the purpose of this case, com-
mences with his election; and in support of that
assumption, he quotes the Constitution of the
Cnited States, as follows;
" No Senator or Representative shall, dm in? the time for
which lie was elected, be appointed to any civil ofiice under
the authority of the United States which shall have been
created, or the emoluments whereof shall have been in-
creased.during such time."
Now, Mr. President, I most humbly submit
that that clause of the Constitution is entirely in-
applicable to this question. It has nothing to do
with it. I say, with all respect to the Senator, he
might as well have quoted any other clause in the
Constitution as this clause. It docs not bear on
the question. It relates to an entirely different
matter. There is another clause, however, which
is associated with this, which does directly bear
on this question, and which is the governing lan-
guage of tiie Constitution with respect to it. It
is as follows:
"And no person holding any office under the United
States shall be a membei of either House during ins con-
tinuance in office."
Those are the words, sir, that govern this case,
and those words conduct us directly to the ques-
tion, when and at what time is a person a member
of cither House? That is the simple question:
when and at what time does he. become a member
of either House? When and at what time does he
become a member of this body?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator now permit
nie ?
Mr. SUMNER. I will finish in one moment.
Clearly he becomes a member of this body, so as
to discharge his duties as a Senator, so as to be
affected with the responsibilities ofa Senator, only
when he has taken his oath at your desk, sir; not
one minute before. There is nothing in the Con-
stitution, there is nothing in the practice of any
parliamentary body in this country, or in any
other country, I think, which can conduct to any
different conclusion from that. I believe I am
right in that respect. I think I cannoterr. I think
the language of the Constitution is sufficiently
precise,' and I feel confident that the practice of
Congress and of other pailiamentary bodies is
sufficiently authoritative. Therefore, it seems to
me, the conclusion is inevitable that, until the 4th
of July of the last summer, General Lane, chosen
by the people of Kansas as a Senator, was simply
a Senator elect, possessed, through courtesy, of
the franking privilege, but enjoying no other func-
tion of a Senator.
Now I am ready to answer any question of the
Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if the office of Senator from the
State of Kansas was vacant until General Lane
qualified as a member of this body?
Mr. SUMNER. In a certain sense, I should
say it was.
Mr. DAVIS. When he qualified, did or did not
his ofiice have reference to the time of his election,
and take its date from the date of his election?
Mr. SUMNER. I should say, in a certain sense
it did. I have already said that he had the frank-
ing privilege, and I presume I may say aiso, he
was entitled to the emoluments of the place, such
as they are; but had he not been sworn in at all,
he could not have drawn any pay at all. It was
only by taking that oath that he was entitled to
his pay from the Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator knows well that,
assuming his premises to be true, whenever the
Senator from Kansas consummated his election
by taking his seat and taking the oath of office,
his term dated back to the date of his election.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon me
if I cannot assent to his conclusion, if I under-
stand him, that, when the Senator from Kansas
took the oath on the 4th of July, that would act
retroactively, so as to give vitality and character
to his acceptance of another office on the 20th of
June anterior. He may have been a Senator to
a certain extent, but not a Senator to such an ex-
tent as to create an incompatibility for another
office under the Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS. This is my position, if the Sen-
ator pleases: that so far as his rights and his duties
after he qualified as a Senator would be made to
act back to the time of his election, his office
would date from the time of his election.
Mr. LATHAM. It is quite evident we cannot
finish this discussion to-night, and, therefore, I
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spentthcrein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 13, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
LAWS or NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a copy
of the laws of the Territory of New Mexico, trans-
mitted according to act of Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the suppoit of the Army, for the year ending
June 30, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the service of the year ending June 30, 1862;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM TENNESSEE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged question
—a question touching the right of a member to
his scat. The House will recollect that, on the
second day of the session, Andrew J. Clements
presented his memorial to the House, praying to
be admitted to a seat as a Representative from the
fourth district of Tennessee. He did not bring
with him any certificate from the proper authori-
ties of Tennessee, and therefore, before admitting
him to his seat, the whole subject was referred to
the Committee of Elections. The committee have
had the matter under consideration, and have
come to a conclusion upon it, which I am about
to submit to the House. The report is brief, and
after stating the substance of it, I will ask per-
mission to have it read; and then, if no gentleman
desire to have it postponed for discussion, I will
ask a vote upon it.
The reason why Mr. Clements did not produce
any certificate or authority for taking his seat was
because of the disturbed condition of things in
Tennessee. On the 1st of May last the Legisla-
ture of Tennessee attempted, by the adoption of
a declaration of independence, as they called it, to
declare the State of Tennessee independent of the
United States. They submitted that declaration of
independence to the people of Tennessee for their
vote on the 8th of June. At the same time they sub-
mitted a proposition, contained in a sortof league
entered into oy commissioners on the part of Ten-
nessee with a commissioner on the part of the south-
ern confederacy, whethei they should unite them-
selves with thatconfedcracy,and furtherproviding
that if the league and declaration were adopted hy
the people, the Governor should forthwith issue
his proclamation for the election of delegates to the
: southern congress m the several congressional dis-
! trictsof the State. On the 24th of June thcGov-
| ernor issued his proclamation declaring tjiat, by (as
i he termed it) an overwhelming majority, the pco-
i pie of Tennessee had adopted their declaration of
i independence, and had, at the same time, declared
| their desire to unite themselves with the southern
i confederacy. He thereupon issued a proclama-
tion that the people of Tennessee should assemble
in the several congressional districts on the .-first
Thursday in August; for the election of members
to the southern congress. The first Thursday in
August is the time appointed by the constitution
and the laws of Tennessee for the election of Rep-
resentatives in this Congress. The Union men
in Tennessee, especially in four districts;of tfio
State, treating this transaction as altogether with-
out authority of the constitution and law, and in
direct conflict with its positive injunctions, disre-
garded it entirely, and, in those four districts, as-
sembled on that day in conformity with the laws
of Tennessee, for the purpose of electing Repre-
sentatives to this Congress. Two gentlemen have
appeared here claiming to have been elected from
two of the districts on that day—Hon. Horace
Maynard, who was admitted on the first day to
a seat ih this House by virtue of that election,
and the memorialist in this case.
The committee have encountered some difficul-
ties in the consideration of this case, some prin-
ciples which, perhaps, are more applicable to other
cases now pending in this House than they are
to this. The committee have had difficulty in
coming to a conclusion. They have, however,
unanimously arrived at a conclusion in this case,
which, in their mind, steers clear of the obstacles
that may lie in the way of other cases. They
found that, on the day of the* election,4-he first
Thursday in August, the fourth district of Ten-
nessee was free from the presence of armed rebel
forces; that, with the exception ofa small corner
of one county in the district, there was no armed
rebel force oil that day in the district; that there
was no obstacle to prevent the Union voter ap-
pearing at the polls on that day and casting his vote
for a Representative in this Congress, save a vio-
lent and threatening public opinion that was cal-
culated to overawe and intimidate; that, in the
face of that public opinion, the voters of that dis-
trict, to the number of about two thousand, as-
sembled, casting their votes for the memorialist.
He has presented the return of the sheriff of one
entire county in which he received four hundred
and thirty-three votes. For the remainder of
these votes the committee, in the conclusion they
have come to, have depended upon such testimony
as the memorialist was able to present.
Wc are satisfied, then, of these facts: that the
memorialist received that number of votes; that
the district was so far free from the possession of
armed forces of rebels that any person who de-
sired could come to the polls and cast his vote;
that the people of the district voted for two other
candidates for the confederate congress. I think
there was but one candidate for this Congress.
The usual number of votes cast in the district
was about six thousand. Two men received
votes, as I have said, for the confederate congress,
and the memorialist received abouttwo thousand
votes.
The committee have, therefore, reported ares-
olution admitting the memorialist to a seat upon
this floor. I will ask that the report, which is
short, be read, and then, if there be no disposi-
tion to postpone it for further consideration, I will
call for a vote on the resolution. I am instructed
to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That Andicw J. Clements Is entitled to a seat
in tliis House, as a Representative in the Thirty-rfeventll
Congress from the fourili distiict in Tennessee.
The Clerk commenced to read the report.
Mr. STEVENS. The circumstances of the
case seem to be well understood by the House
from the gentleman 'ts statement,and I hardly think
it neccssary to read the report. 1 move to (Us-
pense with the reading.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the report be
ordered to be punted.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Inowask that Mr. Clements
may be sworn in. ,1.1,
Mr. Clements then came forward, and tooK
the usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
