2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
having proposed no amendment to this section,
the next will be read.
The Svcrctuiy read section thirty, as follows:
Sec. 30. Jind be it further enactcl, That in case of the
sicknes* or tomporaiy disability of a collector to discharge
such of Ins duties as cannot under existing laws be dis-
charged by a deputy, they may he devolved by him .upon
one of bissdupntic*: Provided, That inclination thereof be
immediately communicated to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and *haJl not be disapproved hyliim: Jind proviiled
fur i/ter. Tii at the responsibility of the collector or his sure-
ties to the United States shall not be affected or impaired
thereby.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
having proposed no amendment to this section,
the next will be read.
The Secretary read section thirty-one, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 31. Jlnd be it further enacted, That m case a col-
lector shall dip, resign, or be removed, the deputies ol such
collector shall continue to act until then successors are
appointed ; and the deputy of such eollcctoi longest in ser-
vice at the time immediately pi eeedfiiij may and :-ha!l, un-
til a successoi j-hali be appointed, d'-eiiaitre all the duties
of said collector; and tor the official conduct of such de-
puties, in case of the death ot the collector, the estate ot
s-ueli deceased collector -hall be ic-poiiteble to the United
States; and of two or more deputy collector, appointed
on the same day, the one residing nearest the residence of
the collector at the time of Jib death, lesujnation, or re-
moval, shall in like manner dUcha'^e the said duties until
the appointment of a successoi; and any bond or security
taken of such deputy by such collector, puisuant to the
tiftli scetion of this act, shall be available to Ins heirs or
representatives to indemnify them tor loss oi damage ac-
ciuing from any act of the pioper deputy so continuing or
so succeeding to the duties uf such collector.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
propose to amend this section by striking out in
the seventh, eighth, and ninth lines the words:
And for the official conduct of such doputie.^, in case of
the death of the collector, the (state of Mich deceased col-
lector shall be responsible to the United States.
And to insett in lieu thereof.
And for the official acts and defaults of such deputy a
remedy shall be (md on the official bond of the collector,
•as in othev euws.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether
it is proposed to make any suggestions as we go
along; but it strikes mo that to be in h^imony
with the amendment which has just been made,
striking out from the seventh to'the ninth lines,
the last part of the section ought to be stricken
out also. The clause stricken out makes the es-
tate of the principal collector responsible for the
acts of the deputy; and ni order to secure the es-
tate of the principal collector, the latter part of the
section provides that there shall be a remedy upon
the bofid of the deputy, it seems to me the rem-
edy on that bond ought to be to the Government
of the United States, and not to the estate of the
principal collector, because his representatives
would have no interest after his decease in the'
manner in which the deputy discharged his duty;
and if they are not to be held liable that ought to
bo stricken out. As the section now stands, the
last portion of it declares that:
Any bond or security taken of surli deputv by -meh eol
l«v-ror pursuant to the fifth r-ectioii of tin- act,"-hall he avail-
able to his heir< ui lepie-entatives to indemnify them foi
lo"-') or damage acctumg from any act oi tin' pioper deputy
so continuing or m> >ueceedmg to the duties ot bueh col
lector.
I merely make the suggestion. It seems to me
that is not in harmony with the amendment that
has been made. ^
Mr. FESSENDEN. This section makes pro-
vision fur the ease of the death of a collector, and,
as now amended, it says, when he dies and the
deputy succeeds, for the ollieial acts and defaults
of such deputy a remedy shall be had on the :
official bond of the collector, as in other cases."
His bonds shall be still good onanist the man and
the deputy who is acting in his place; and then
this latter clause gives to the rcpiesentatives of
the collector the remedy on the bond of the dep-
uty. Thaws the idea. I do not know that it is
very well expressed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I do not see why
those thiee or four lines wcie stricken out; it
comes to the same thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No,sir; we have stricken
out the woids " and for the official conduct of
such deputies, m ease of the death of the collector,
tht estate of such deceased collector shall be re-
sponsible to the United States." That is the
estate.^ Wc substitute for that the bond.
Mr. i RUMBULL. It comes to the same thino"
if he is liable on the bond.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We hold the sureties also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You increase it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We increase it by hold-
ing his sureties on the bond throughout. The
idea originally was that where the remedy on the
bond is gone, his estate should be liable. We
provide that the remedy on the bond shall con-
tinue, and then give his representatives remedy
on the bond of the deputy.
The Secretary read section thirty-two, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 32. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the collectors aforesaid, or their deputies, in their
respective districts, and they are hereby authorized, to
collect all the duties and taxes imposed by this act, however
the :*ame may be dcMgnated, and to prosecute for the re-
covery ot the same, and for the recovery of any sum or
sums which may be foifeited by virtue of this act; and all
fines, penalties, and lorfeitures winch shall be incurred by
force of this act, shall and may be sued for and recovered
in the name of the Uctcd States, or of the collector or dep-
uty collector within whose dishict any such fine, penalty,
or forfeiture shall have been incurred, by bill, plaint, orin-
fonnation, befoie any cuurtofcompttent jurisdiction ; and
wheie nor otherwise and differently provided for, one moi-
ety thereof shall be to the use of the United States, and the
other moiety thereof to the use of the peison who, if a col-
lector or deputy collector, shall fir^t infoim of the cause,
matter, or thing whereby any such fine, penalty,or forfeit-
ure was incurred.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this section by striking out from
line seven to line thirteen the following words:
And all fines, penalties, and forfeitures which shall be
incurred by loice ol tin-, act, ediall and may be sued for and
recovered in the name of the United States, or of the col-
lector or deputy collector within whose district any such
fine, penalty, or foueiturc thai I have been inclined, by bill,
plaint, or information, befoie any court of competent juris-
diction.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And all fines, penalties, and forfeitures which may be in-
clined or imposed by vntue of this act, shall and may be
sued for and iccoverrd, in the name oi the United Stales,
or of the collector within wha->e district any such fine, pen-
alty, or forfeituie shall have been incurred, in any proper
form of action, or by anv appiopriate loim of proceeding,
beioie any circuit or distuct court of the United States loi
the distuct vvithui winch >aid fine,penalty, or forfeitme may
have been incut red, or before any other court of competent
jurisdiction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section thirty-three, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 33. Andhc it farther enacted, That if any person, in
any case, mattci, heniing, or other pioccedin« in which an
oath or affirmation -hall be lequned to be taken or admin-
istered undei and hy vntueot tin-. act, shall, upon the taking
of such oath or affiimation, knowingly and willimjlvswear
oi affirm falsely, every petf-on :-o offending shall be deemed
Ciiilty of peijury, and ^liall, on conviction thcieof, be sub-
ject to the like punishment and penalties now piovided by
the laws of the United States for the cnme of perjury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
having proposed no amendment to this section,
the next will bo icud.
The Secretary read section thirty-four, as fol-
lows:
Sj e. 31. .And be it further enacted, That'-ep,irate accounts
.shall be kept at the Treasury of all moneys icccived fiom
internal duties or taxes in each ot the icspective Slates
Tenuous, and eolbvtion districts; and that .separate ac-
count- shall be kept of the amount oi each t-pecies of duty
oi tax that shall aeeiue, so as to exhibit, as tar as may be,
the amount collected from each souice of levenue, with
the money? paid to the collector-* and deputy eolluetor-, and
to the other olhcets employed in eaeli ot the respective
State*. Terutoi ie-, and collection di-tucts.au ah-tiact in
tabular town, of which accounts it ^hnll be the duty ot the
Secretai) ol the Tiensury. annually, in the month of De-
cember, to iaybefoic Uongie.-s.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
having proposed no amendment to this section,
the next will be read:
The Secretary read section thirty-five, a$ fol-
lows:
Sec. 3o. Jlnd be d further enacted, That there shall be
allowed to the collin tois appointed under rlns act, in tuil
eompeu-ation tor tiiuii -eivice- and that of then deputies
in can} nig tins act into effect, a commission of foui per
cent, upon the first $100,000, one percent, upon the second
§100,000, and one halt per cent, upon ail sums above
#•300,000; Mich comnu-.-ioiH to be computed upon the
amount* by luem respectively paid over and accounted for
under the in-mictions of the Treasury JDepaitment: Pro-
vided, Tliar in no ea-c shall such commissions exceed the
sum of .*8,000 pet annum. And there shall be further al-
lov\ ed to each collector hi- necessary and reasonable charges
toi stationery and bl.uik-books u-ed in the pcifoimdnee of
iu^ official duties, which, alter beim* duly examined and
certified hy the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, shall
be' paid out of the Ticasiuv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thccommittcepro-
pose to amend this section, in the fifth line, by in-
serting after the word " dollars" the word <( and
by striking out, in the fifth, sixth, and seventh
lines, the words " the second $100,000, and one
half of one per cent, upon," and by striking out
the word ** two," in the seventh line, and insert-
ing " one;" so that it will lead:
A commission of four per cent, upon the*first $100,000,
and one per cent, upon all sums above $100,000.
The amendments were agreed to.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The committee fur-
ther propose to amend the amendment by strik-
ing out in the eleventh line the word "eight,"
and inserting " ten;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That in no case shall such commissions ex-
ceed the sum of $10,000 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee fur-
ther propose to amend the section by adding the
following proviso;
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to make such further allowance for deputies as may
be reasonable in cases in which, from the territorial extent
of the disuiet, it may seem just to make such allowance.
Mr. HOWE. I am not going to make any
settled opposition to this amendment. 1 voted
against it in committee, and shall vote against it
here. The principle upon which it rests I opposed
in another measure which passed this body some
time since. It transfers the purse of the nation,
the Treasury of the nation, from the Legislature
to an officer of the Government. I do not object
to it because it is transferred to the Secretary of
the Treasury. He is, I believe, as good a man as
any of them; but I assume that it should be re-
tained where it now is, under the control of the
Legislature. There is a great deal of plausibility
in giving this officer thepower of regulatingthese
salaries; but in doing it we surrender absolutely
and unqualifiedly the whole control of the purse.
He can—there is no limit to it—distribute the
whole revenuesof the nation among these officers.
He has the authority when this amendment is
adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I will suggest to the Senator
that we have already done the same thing virtu-
ally in one of the preceding sections in which we
authorized theSecretary toemployas many clerks
as he pleased, and without specifying whether
they should be first class,second class,third class
or fourth class, without any limit. That provis-
ion was in the House bill, and no amendment
was olleied from the Committee on Finance. I
suppose these clerks might be—at least I know
there are very good clerks, just as good as there
are in any of the Departments—first and second
class clerks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When we go over the
bill again, the Senator can move to amend it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know but it will be
necessary. I am only suggesting this thing. I
wish to suggest to the Senator also that, if some
of the clauses of this bill are retained, it will be
very necessary to keep this section in; because
there aie some species of property proposed to be
taxed where it will be necessary that the agents,
in some sparsely-settled sections of the country,
should be paid for hunting it up and running it
down, and collecting the tax upon it.
Mr. HOWE. The only question is, if such
cases of hardship arise, whether the officer should
come to the Legislature for an increase of compen-
sation, or should go to another agent of the Gov-
ernment. Heretofore he has been obliged to come
to the Legislature; and I think he had better con-
tinue to come here. It is suggested that we have
violated this principle in other provisions. May
be we have. I think not, however, in the case
suggested by the Senator from Iowa; because,
although we have not limited the number of clerks,
we have not authorized anybody to pay them.
We have still thepower to control their payment.
Mr. GRIMES. Virtually you say the clerks
shall be paid, jf you authouze their appointment.
Mr. HOWE. Unquestionably they will be
paid; but if there is any abuse in the power of
appointment, the Legislatute will correct it when
they come to make payment. I do not wish to
be understood as suggesting that this power is
likely to be abused by the Secretary—especially
the present one. I only submit to the Senate
whether it is safe to repose such power in any
officer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to my friend
from Wisconsin, it js not unusual in cases where
it is very difficult to ascertain precisely what may
