m& CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 10,
sary, for the benefit of said Indiana, with amend-
ments.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to expend, from a fund
in the Treasury of the United States belonging to
the Winnebago Indians, the isum of $100,000, or
go much thereof as may be necessary, to make
such improvements upon their landsand purchase
such stock and agricultural implements as their
necessities may require, and that the amount so
expended shall be replaced from the proceeds of
the sales of the lands belonging to said Indians.
The first amendment reduces the fund author-
ized to be expended from $100,000 to $50,000.
The second amendment adds at the end of the
bill, the words:
Which the Government is now authorized to sell by
Virtue of the existing treaty with said Indians.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Is there a report
accompanying this bill ?
, Mr. ALDRICH. There is not.
The amendments reported by the Committee on
Indian Affairs were agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 would like to have the gen-
tleman from Minnesota tell us the reason there is
for passing this bill? Will he tell us whether the
Ind iansare a party to this arrangement, or whether
it ia a mere grab for some speculators to take money
away from the Indians?
Mr. ALDRICH. I am very happy to inform
the honorable gentleman from Ohio that no grab
ia contemplated by this joint resolution. [Laugh-
ter.]
Under the treaty with the Winnebago Indians,
concluded with the Indians on the 15th of April,
1859, and ratified on the 23d of March, 1861,1
find the following provision:
"Anr. 4. Should the proceeds of the surplus lands of the
Winnebagoes not prove to be sufficient to carry out tile pur-
poses and stipulations of tins agreement, mid some further
aid be fiom tun'* to tune requisite to enable said Indians to
sustain themselves successfully in agricultural and other in-
dustrial pursuits, such additional means as may be neces-
sary therefor shall be taken from the moneys due and be-
longing to them under the provisions of former treaties; and
so much thereof as may be required to furnish them further
aid, as aforesaid, shall be applied in such manner, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, as he shall con-
sider best calculated to promote and advance their improve-
ment and welfare; and In order to render unnecessary any
further treaty, engagements, or arrangements hereafter with
the United States, it is hereby agreed and stipulated, that
the President, with the assent of Congress, shall have full
power to modify or change any of the provisions of former
treaties wltli the Wlrmebagoes, In such manner and to
whatever extent he may judge to be necessary and expedi-
ent for their welfare and best interests.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will give way to my col-
league, who is more familiar with the condition of
these Indians than I am, most of these Indians
being residents of his district.
Mr. WINDOM. With the consent of the House
I will explain very briefly why this resolution was
presented. As. has been stated by my colleague,
the Winnebago Indians are creditors of the Gov-
ernment to the extent of $1,100,000. The Gov-
ernment has in its hands this fund belonging to
them. The Indians have also a large tract of land
in my district, one halfof which has been setapart
for them however, and the other half is tq be sold.
The Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs have both been consulted
in this matter, and have deemed it advisable for
the best interest of the Indians as well as all con-
cerned, that this land should not be forced into
sale at the present time, knowing that if that be
done the lands will be sacrificed. It is a matter of
absolute necessity that the Indians should receive
this money for the purpose of procuring agricul-
tural implements and stocking their farms, so as
to enable them to live. They have no mills, and
tiiey have no means of building their houses; and,
unless they are permitted to draw upon this fund,
as this resolution authorizes them to do, these
lands will have to be sold at a heavy sacrifice to
these Indians. It is therefore asked that the sale
of these lands may be anticipated for a short time,
and it is at the same time provided that whatever
may be advanced shall be repaid at the proper
time.
When I introduced this resolution, I accom-
panied it with a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior strongly recommending its adoption. I
am not able at this moment to find that letter, and
I only state the fact that the House may be made
aware such a letter was written. This action is
recommended by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, as well as by the Secretary of (he Interior.
It is intended to supply these Indians with some
means of livingand taking care of themselves. As
it is now, they do great injury and are the source
of constant annoyance to the whites in that sec-
tion of country. There are no other remarks
which I deem it proper to make, unless gentlemen
should ask me questions for information. I sin-
cerely hope that the resolution will be adopted.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the title of
the resolution by striking out" one hundred" and
inserting "fifty," so that it will read:
Joint resolution (II. K. No. 81) authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to expend, from a fund in the United States
Treasury belonging to the Winnebago Indians, the sum of
$50,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, for the
benefit of said Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND CLAIM IN IOWA.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which bill of the Senate No. 119, confirming a
land claim in the State of Iowa, and for other pur-
poses, was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the third reading
of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, If it is the pleasure of the
House, I would like to say a few words in expla-
nation of the bill.
Mr. OL1N. Oh, no; let us vote on it.
Mr. WILSON. Then I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time.
The bill provides:
That the grant of lands to the then Territory of Iowa for
the improvement of the Des Moines river, made by the act
of August 8, 1846, is hereby extended so as to include the
alternate sections (designated by odd numbers) lying within
nve miles of saitl liver, between the Raccoon Fork and the
northern boundary of said State; such lands are to be held
and applied in accordance with the provisions of the origi-
nal grant, except that the consent of Congress is hereby
given to the application of a portion thereof to aid in the
construction of the Keokuk, Fort Des Moines, and Minner
sota railroad, in accordance with the provisions of the act of
the General Assembly of the State of Iowa, approved March
S2,1858. And if any of said lands shall have been sold or
otherwise disposed of by the United States before the pas-
sage of this act, the Secretary of the Interior is hereby di-
rected to set apart an equal amount of lands within said
State to be certified in lieu thereof: Provided, That if the
said State shall have sold and conveyed any portion of the
lands lying within the limits of this grant the title of which
has proved invalid, any lands which shall be certified to said
State in lieu thereof by virtue of the provisions of this act
shall inure to and be held as a trust fund for the benefit of
the person or persons respectively whose titles shali have
failed as aforesaid.
Mr.F. A.-CONKLING. What is the number
of acres that this bill will cede to the State of Iowa?
Mr. WILSON. It is only necessary to make a
very brief statement in order to satisfy the House
that this bill ought to pass. It was originally pre-
sented in the Senate by the Senator from Iowa,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was then reported unanimously from that com-
mittee with the recommendation that it do pass,
and it was accordingly passed by the Senate in the
shape in which it is now presented to the House.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Is there a report
accompanying the bill ?
Mr. WILSON. There is no report accompa-
nying the bill, but I will briefly state the facts in
the case. It has not only had the indorsement of
the Committee on Public, Lands in the Senate, but
it has also had the indorsement of the Committee
on Public Lands in the House. It is not proposed
to enlarge what was supposed to be the grant made
by Congress in 1846 to the State of Iowa, but it is
simply for the purpose of obviating a difficulty
which has grown out of a decision of the Supreme
Court in relation to other grants made for railway
purposes in that State. Notwithstanding it is the
decision ofthe land commissioners and the opinion
of Mr. Walker, the then Secretary of the Treas-
ury, that the grant was to extend beyond Raccoon
Fork to the northern boundary of the State of
Iowa, yet there has been some difficulty in the mat-
ter, and this bill does not propose to grant any I
more land than was supposed to be embraced in
the act of 1846.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Let me make a single
observation in regard to this matter, as it ia one
with which I have some familiarity. The original
grant was made by Congress for the improvement
of a certain river.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. TheDes Moines river.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir; and an appli-
cation has been made that a portion of the land
shall be used to aid in the construction of the Keo-
kuk, Fort Des Moines, and Minnesota railroad,
in accordance with the provisions of the act of the
General Assembly of that State of March 29,1858.
The bill does not extend the grant, but it merely
diverts the purpose for which the original grant
was made in a slight degree.
Mr. WILSON. And that is all there is in it.
It is designed to confirm the arrangement already
made with the settlers upon the land. I hope,
therefore, that the bill will pass. It has received
the approval of every officer of the Government.
As 1 have already stated, it has been indorsed by
the Committee on Public Lands in this House, as
well as by the committee in the Senate. I demand
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM KENNEDY.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of William Kennedy, which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
INCREASE OF THE MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. OLIN. I am instructed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to report back Senate bill No.
325, in addition to an act approved 5th of August,
1861, entitled "An act supplementary to an act
entitled 'An act to increase the present military es-
tablishment of the United States,' " with the rec-
ommendation that it be laid upon the table, be-
cause the provisions embraced in it have already
been provided for in other legislation at the pres-
ent session of Congress. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
APPOINTMENT OF GENERALS.
Mr. OLIN, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill No. 297, to limit the appointment
of major generals and brigadier generals in the
Army and volunteers, and moved that it be laid
upon the table, as the matters embraced had been
already provided for.
The motion was agreed to.
MEDALS OF HONOR.
Mr. OLIN, from the same committee, reported
back Senate joint resolution No. 82, to provide for
the presentation of " medals of honor " to the en-
listed men of the Army and volunteerforces who
have or may distinguish themselves in battle dur-
ing the present rebellion, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The resolution authorizes the President of the
United States to cause two thousand "medals of
honor " to be prepared, with suitable emblematic
devices, and directs that they be presented in the
name of Congress, to such non-commissioned offi-
cers and privates as shall most distinguish them-
selves by their gallantry in action, and by other
soldier-like qualities, during the present insurrec-
tion ; and it further appropriates $10,000, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the purpose of carrying this resolution
into effect.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
