isea.
THE ^DNGFRESSIOmL &LOBE.
PAY, ETC., OF SOLDIERS IN MtSSOURIv
Mr. OLIN, from the Same committee, reported
back Senate resolution No. 78, to suspend all pay-
ments under the act approved March 25,1862, en-
titled "An act to secure to the officers arid men
actually employed in the We'stern department, or
department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pension," and for other purposes, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass. ^
The resolution authorizes the Secretary of War
to suspend all payments under the act approved
March 25,1862, entitled "An act to secure to the
officers and men actually employed in the Western
department, or department of Missouri, their pay,
bounty, and pension;" and provides that there
shall be appointed by the President, by and with
the ad vice and consent of the Senate, two commis-
sioners to examine all claims arising under the
provisions of that act, and report the same, with
the facts connected therewith, to the Secretary of
War; the commissioners to have such compensa-
tion for their services as the Secretary of War may
consider just and reasonable.
Mr. OLIN. This resolution is simply to amend
an act which was passed during the present ses-
sion of Congress, and it imposes some additional
restrictions and guarantees in reference to the e\r
aminattons of these claims to be made by the
General Government. It was thought that the act,
as originally passed, did not provide sufficient se-
curity against defrauding the Government, and
this supplemental act is brought forward to secure
those guarantees. I understand that the persons
most interested in these claims are willing to ac-
cept this law imposing additional securities and
restrictions. Why any one should object to it 1
do not know. Now, it is time this act should
pass. It ought to pass this session.
As I understand it, the act passed by the House
in relation to these claims left the whole adjudica-
tion in the hands of the paymaster of the Army.
He probably will refuse to act under it, and the
consequence will be that these claims will go un-
canceled or unpaid unless the legislation of Con-
gress createsa tribunal to adjudge and decide upon
them.
I understand that this bill is perfectly satisfac-
tory to those persons interested in these claims.
The act contemplates providing for certain secu-
rities upon the part of the Government, in order
that the Government may not be defrauded. It is
the best means that can be devised to secure an
examination of these claims, and have the ac-
counts certified. If there is any object in defeat-
ing for the present those claims, or if there is an
object for having a law executed which affords
no guarantee for any proper examination of the
claims, then defeat this bill.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. 1 am, like the gentleman
from New York, in favor of providing for the pay-
ment of these claims. When the ouginal propo-
sition which this is designed to amend was be-
fore the House, I tried to obtain the ear of the
advocate of the measure, to tell him that the bill
would not answer the object intended.
You cannot understand the original bill unless
you will read the report of the committee on Gov-
ernment contracts, and the report of the commis-
sion upon Army claims, which sat in St. Louis.
The first bill whichpassed the House contained
the words, "other persons employed, "embracing
a set of claimants who would not present their
claims to the commissioners at St. Louis, and
which claims have been denounced by both the
committee on Government contracts and that
board. It is that description of claims to which
that expression in the original bill refers, and
which will come here and claim to be protected.
If the gentleman from New York will amend
his resolution so as to confine it to claims for
military service performed by citizens of Missouri,
lie will protect the Treasury, and have no diffi-
culty m settling the accounts. If you let the reso-
lution stand as it is, you will admit claims which
have been condemned by the committee on Gov-
ernment contracts and by the commission on
claims. I can give an instance of one of those
claims. Take a case of the erection of those forti-
fications around St. Louis. The persons em-
ployed by the contractors under the commander
of that department, in constructing the last five
forts around St. Louis, have not received one cent
for their services, and yet they have been em-
ployed in the service of the Government. The
first five forts were Constructed under the -direc-
tion of the quartermaster, and the laborers were
paid. The last five were made by a contractor,
and he employed the laborers around St. Louis,
and, though he has received his money from the
Government under the order of the commander of
that department, he has never paid one cent to the
laborers.
Now, if the gentleman will only confine his bill
to the soldiers who served their country, he will
find no difficulty, and it will cover all claims that
ought to be embraced in the bill. If he does not,
we may have hundreds of colonels, majors, and
captains, who were employed in the military ser-
vice against law, and whom the Administration
did not dismiss by order, presenting claims under
this bill. Confine the bill to the payment of offi-
cers and soldiers who served in Missouri and who
have not been paid, and you will protect the in-
terests of the Government and do justice.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to say that I have not
examined the claims provided to be settled by this
commission under this bill, but I believe the bill
is sound in principle. I think that the various
claims that arise during this war, this particular
class as well as others, will have to be adjusted in
the manner provided in this bill. I have doubted
whether the conclusions of the commissioners
should be, in ail cases, final, as provided in this
bill; but I have no objection to it in this particular
case.
The bill is framed precisely upon the principle
adopted by the Committee of Claims in their gen-
eral bill brought before this House, except that
the bill of my colleague from New York provides
for the payment of a particular class of claims,
while the bill of the Committee of Claims provided
for several classes of claims. I am glad my col-
league has become so far a convert to the united
report of the Committee of Claims that he is now
advocating the passage of this bill, and I cordially
unite with him, and recommend my friends to
support him.
Mr. OLIN. I have no further observations to
make in reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I wish to state, in addition
to the facts which have already been mentioned
by the gentleman from New York, that in the law
for the pay of pensions and bounties to soldiers
and officers in the department of Missouri who
had not been regularly mustered into the service
of the United States, no provision was made for
their adjudication; and the paymaster, when he
went out to attend to this business, found that
frauds were attempted to be perpetrated upon the
Government, and for that reason he declined to
pay the claims, but he reported, I am informed,
claims to the amount of $3,000,000 to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who declined payment
and asked for further legislation upon the sub-
ject.
It was upon that ground that the Senate de-
clined, a few days since, to pass a joint resolution
of-this House extending the provisions of that
bill to the other departments of the country.
Mr. OLIN. With this explanation i move the
previous question upon the passage of the reso-
lution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the resolution was passed.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution wasagreed to;andalsomoved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORGANIZATION OF ARMY CORPS.
Mr. OLIN. I am further instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back, with
a recommendation that it do pass, a bill (S. No.
235) providing for the organization of aimy corps
and staffs attached to corps and divisions of the
Army &f the United States.
The question being on the third reading of the
bill,
Mr. OLIN said: It will be recollected by the
House that until quite recently, perhaps up to the
time that the army of the Potomac left the vicinity
of Washington, divisions and corps of the Army
had never been created, and it was only at that
period of time that the new organization of the
Army substantially was made. The moment that
was done, it became necessary to create the staff
which is providedforin this bill—that is, a staff
for the division and theartny corps.
Now, the third section of.thls bill, I think it is,
does create three additional officers for the staff of
a division. Those may be assigned from the reg-
ular Army or from the volunteer service. %
lam not sufficiently familiar with the organiza-
tion of the Army to know the necessity ofuhis.
All that I do know about it is, that I suppose it to
be just as necessary that a commander of an army ■
corps should have a staff as it is necessary for a
brigadier general to have a staff, or a commander
of a division to have a staff. I do know that this
bill was drawn up by the Military Committee of"
the Senate, under the advice and at the solicitation
of the Secretary of War. I have taken some pains
to examine the legislation of this Congress, with
a view to ascertain in what respect former laws
relative to the organization of the Army have been
modified by the enactments of the present session;
but I think it would be difficult for any member
of the House to state definitely to what extent pre-
vious legislation in reference to the Army has been
modified and changed. I have taken pains to in-
quire in reference to the necessity and propriety
of this measure, to know if it is demanded by the
exigencies of the country; and I am assured that
it is demanded, and that it is absolutely necessary
to organize these staffs, and to give the authority
of law to what is substantially and practically now
done.
TheHouse will recollectthatabout four months
ago what are called corps d'armee were organized.
Up to that time the Army was not organized into
corps,although the subject had been considered
and urged by some military men, but General Mc-
Clellan, who was then in command of the army
of the Potomac, did not see fit to organize in that
manner the large army then in the vicinity of
Washington. Four months ago, however, that
organization was made. The House will recollect
that in August last a bill was passed through both
Houses of Congress, somewhat inadvertently,
authorizing a major general of the Army to create
about as many officers or assign them to staff duty
as he saw fit, and under that regulation thus passed,
some thirty or forty individuals were appointed to
staff duty by the various major generals of the
Army. Some of you may remember that there
was an attempt to dispense with the services of
some thirty-three individuals on the staffs of major
generals, and we have amended the provision of
law so as to limit the number. Now, in the organ-
ization of these corps, it was very easy to supply
them with staff officers. A major general had au-
thority to make as many staff officers as he saw
fit to appoint, and in that way a great number of
staff officers were appointed and assigned to duty
with the various brigades and divisions. Now, if
any gentleman desires to discuss or amend this
bill, I am entirely content that he shall do so.
Mr. McPHERSON. There is one feature of
this bill which 1 thought, when it was oiiginally
proposed some weeks ago, ought to be adopted;
and that is the section creating staffs for the gen-
erals commanding our corps d'armee, for at that
time each one of our army corps in the army of
the Potomac was commanded by a brigadier gen-
eral, and he could not legally have any larger staff
than is provided for a brigadier general. Since
that time, however—and this is a very important
point—every commander of a corps in the army
of the Potomac has been made a major general
by nomination on the part of the President a few
days since and confirmation by the Senate. Every
general, therefore, commanding a corps in the
army of the Potomac, is to-day entitled to the staff
belonging to a major general. I take it that fur-
nishes quite as many staff officers as any ordinary
emergency can require. If there be any extraor-
dinary emergency, there is nothing to prevent the
commander of a corps from detailing, for tem-
porary service upon his staff, any officers in his
command. These emergencies are no.tat all likely
frequently to occur, because our legislation upon
this subject was made to reach every probable
demand of the service.
The bill, as it now stands, increases the staff of
every division commander in your Army. It not
only gives every commander of a corps a linger
staff than the law gives to a major general of the
Army, but it gives to every division commander
a larger staff than your law now authorizes him
to have. There will be, if this bill should pass.
