1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2281
be nocessary, to leave the discretion in the head
of the Department, or the officer in charge, to make
such allowance as may be fiecessary and advis-
able in his judgment. Suchactshave frequently
been passed. 1 cannot recall any one to mind
now where that power is given. Every power we
give is liable to abuse, and it arises from the na-
ture of the case. In this bill we fix a definite sum
to be paid to all these officers; but we know that
the same rule does not apply to all sections of the
country. Take California, for instance, or Min-
nesota, where the population is very sparse in-
deed,and where there may be a great deal of travel,
according to the territorial extent of the district,
with the district covering thirty or forty counties.
We cannot tell in advance how to limit it. We
fix the general mode of payment; and then it was
judged by the committee it would be absolutely
essential in some cases to pay more where the
duties could not be performed, especially as we
give no pay for travel or anything of that sort.
We therefore did in that case precisely as we have
have done m many others, leave it to the discre-
tion of the Secretary. To be sure he may spend
the whole of the revenue of the country in that
way, and if my friend thinks it is a dangerous
power, if he will allow me to suggest it to him,
instead of simply objecting to tins, and pointing
the attention of the State to it, his business should
have been to suggest a remedy. It is necessary
to make some provision. The remedy would have
been by putting a limitation on the sum to be so
expended. 1 think the Senator, when he points
out a difficulty of that sort, should at the same
time be prepared to remedy it in some way; and
if my friend makes a proposition of that sort which
is reasonable, I will vote for it. I do not see that
there is any great danger about it.
Mr. HOWE. I have no special interest in this
matter; but the honorable chairman will see the
difficulty in fixing a limit. It is precisely the diffi-
culty he had himself. We have got a limit; we
started with one, but we dare not stand upon it,
becnuso we are afraid the case will arise in which
it will not be enough. So if I had attempted to
limit the power of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the same possibility would remain. A case may
occur in which the limit ought to be exceeded.
That is the very difficulty. It is that difficulty
that suggests and enforces the propriety of this
amendment. I shall not Lake up the time of the
Senate in debating it. If it is satisfactory to other
Senators, it will not bo unsatisfactory to me. The
remedy that I did suggest was that in these ex-
treme cases the claimant, the collector, the officer
should be allowed to come to Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section thirty-six, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 36. And beit further enacted. That when any duty
or tax ?stiall have been paid by levy anil distiaint, any per-
son or person* or party who may feel;i£™neved thereby in«iy
apply t<> the Av<e>^or ot' the di^tnet f<u relief, and exhibit
such evidence as he. she, or they may have oi the wrong
done, or supposed to have been done, and alter a (nil in-
vestigation the a-> efS:or shall repoit the ca--e, with such
psirt* of the evidence as he may judge material, including
ateosuch a^may be regarded niateual by the paity aygiieved
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who may, it it
shall be made to appear to him that *-uoh duty or tax wa-?
levied or collecled, m whole or in part, wrongfully or un-
justly, with the consent of the Secretary of the Treasuiy,
certify the amount wiousjfullv and unju>tly levied or col-
lected, and the same shall he refunded and paid lo the per-
son or peisous or party as aforesaid, fiom any moneys in
liie Treasury not otherwise appropriated, upon thepiesent-
ation ot such cciufieatc to the piopei oilieer thereof.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
propose to amend this section by stiiking out m
lines twelve and thirteen the words " with the
consent of the Secretary of the Treasury;" so that
the clause will read:
To the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who may, if
it shall be made to appear to him that such duty or tax was
levied or collected, m whole or m part, wrongfully or uu-
justly, certify the amount, &c.
The amendment was agieed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee on
Finance propose at this point to insert as a new
section the following:
Sec. . Jlwl be it farther enacted. That in all cases of
distraint ,m(l sale of goods, chattels, or land? for non pay-
ment of taxes provided lor in thi-- act, the bill of sale of such
foods or chattels and deed ot Mich lands, given by the oflieer
fnakm" sUell sale to the piucha-cr thereof, shall lie con-
clusive evidence of title tn the pill chaser, and prim" Jane
evidence of the light of the ofheer to make such sale, and
of the correctness oi liis proceedings in selling liie same.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest an amendment
to that amendment by striking out the words
"conclusive evidence of title to the purchaser,
and;" so that it will read that the—
Deed of such lands, given by the officer making such sale
to the purchaser thereof, shall be prima facie evidence of
the right of the officer to make such sale, and of the cor-
rectness of his proceedings in selling the same.
I think that will be sufficient. It seems to me
it would be a very stringent and somewhat dan-
gerous provision to make the deed conclusive evi-
dence of title to the purchaser. Cases may occur
where the tax payer has had no notice whatever.
The collector may not have properly discharged
his duties in any respect, and yet, by his making
a deed, it is conclusive evidence of title to the pur-
chaser. 1 think if it is mad e prima facie evidence,
that will be sufficient, and we shall be able to col-
lect the taxes under if, but it seems to me it is
going a little too far to make itconclusive evidence
of title. If I understand the section aright, I sup-
pose the meaning is this: that the deeds should
be conclusive evidence of title to the purchaser,
and then that the officer should be liable for not
properly discharging his duties, in a suit, and in
that suit it should bo prima facie evidence of his
having discharged his duties only, and that there
the fact might be controverted. I presume the
idea of the committee was that a party would have
his remedy there against the officer, if he was
wrongly deprived of his lands; and although he
would lose the title to his lands, still he could
bring suit against the office, and in that suit the
deed would only be prima facie evidence. 1 sup-
pose that is the meaning of it; I do not know; but
it seems to me it would be sufficient in any case
if the deed be made prima facie evidence of the
right of the officer to make the sale, and of the
correctness of his proceedings under it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment is a
pretty stringent one, but the committee on con-
sideiation thought it was necessary. It will be
noticed that in this bill there are no provisions for
a record of the proceedings or for the return of
the officer to be tecorded. In the nature of the
case that could not very well be done without es-
tablishing a system winch would be cumbrous
and be attended with a great deal of difficulty.
Then the question was, how we could make it
effective and avoid a multiplicity of suits with ref-
erence to the thing itself. If we aie going to sell
for the payment of taxes, people want to know
whether they arc to gut a title in purchasing. You
cannot raise the tax unless they know to a cer-
tainty that they are to get the title of what they
buy; and everything would be sold, for instance,
lands, for the bare amount of the tax alone unless
there was a ccrtainty that a title would be ob-
tained. It would incumber the whole matter and
embarrass it very much. We know also how
very difficult it is to establish the correctness of
all the proceedings in such cases; therefore, if a
person tefused to pay the taxes, so that his lands
are to be sold, we thought, with the object of pro-
tecting the rights of thc'Govern merit, of collecting
the taxes, and of avoidmgeonstant disputes about
the thing itself, actions of replevin and everything
of that sort, which would always be got up if there
was any chance of success, and very frequently
on a mere chance, it was advisable to provide
specifically that the title should be given to the pur-
chaser who buys, and who is in no ways informed
about the matter, but simply pays his money for
what is sold in open market; that the responsi-
bility should not in any degree rest on htm for the
correctness of the proceeding of the officers; that
he should £ret a good title; but that we should
leave the officer answerable for his proceedings m
all cases. There is a fuitherprovision in the bill
that if the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
satisfied a party has been injured, he may make
reparation to htm by returning amount unlawfully
levied or collected.
So fai as this section is concerned, my own opin-
ion was that it was the best provision that could
bo made; that the purchaser ought to know what
he is buying, and that he ought not to be held re-
sponsible in any way, or be compelled to inquire
into the preliminary proceedings; that he should
o-et the title. The difficulty thatanscs m most,I
suppose all, eases is a mere difficulty of fotm,
that some form is omitted; some one of the numer-
ous provisions with regard to the particu ai mode
of proceeding, immaterial in itself, has been left
out. There is not, and <would not be, one case in
ten thousand where the man did rjot know all the
facts with regard to it, where he was not aware
for what his property was sold, that it was for his
default in not paying his tax, so that no injus-
tice is done to him. The only question is whether
you will gtve him the advantage of some accidental
omission of a matter of form in the proceeding,to
divest the title of the purchaser in the property^
With regard to the direct tax, there is no proba-
bility of property being sold, and there are pro-
visions in the direct tax bill, so far as lands are
concerned, with reference to thatmattcr. Thissec-
tion applies only to this particular law. I there-
fore came to the conclusion, on a good deal of re-
flection, that justice to all parties would be best
subserved, and the Government very much better
protected, by simply providing that the title to be
given to the purchaser in open market should be
a good title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will theSenatorallowme
to make an inquiry of him at this point? Does
he mean that any other title shall go than such as
is possessed by the person on whose property the
tax is levied ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He does not mean that it
shall be a perfect title to the purchaser unless the
party had a perfect title? '
'Mr. FESSENDEN. No; the purchaser is to
have the title of the individual whose property is
sold.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know but that it
would be susceptible of the other construction in
the way it reads.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not intend it so. It
reads that the bill of sale given by the officer shall
be conclusive evidence of title to the purchaser.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume that is what it
meant; but I think it reads further than that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The officer cannot sell
anything but the title which A B has to certain
property that he sells. That is the form of sale
always. He does not pretend to sell the prop-
erty. Then, with rogaid to the remedy, if the
officer has been guilty, or has accidentally omit-
ted any provision of the law, he is liable to an-
swer for it; because, so far as the proceedings are
concerned, the papers are only prima facie evi-
dence of the correctness of the proceeding.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will permit me
to inquire whether ho or the committee reflected
on the propriety of allowing the pai ty whose prop-
erty has been thus wrongly sold to have some
privilege of falling back upon the bond of the col-
lector, and availing himself of the penalty of that
bond. A collector may be perfectly worthless,
and he may have wrongfully sold my property,
and it would be very little advantage to me to sue
him unless I could recover something from him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We did not reflect upon
that. That point was not suggested.
Mr. GRIMES. Itseemsto mo the person whose
property has been wrongly sold should have some
remedy somewhere. It would be a very poor rem-
edy that is provided in one of the latter sections
of the bill, which authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury, in case hardship is found to have op-
erated upon some individual, to restore him the
money the land was sold for, namely, the taxes
and cos-ts. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot give htm very
welt a remedy on the bond of the collector. Tne
bond is to the United States, for the proper dis-
charge of his duties.
Mr. GRIMES. I know it is; but there is very
frequently a provision in the State laws where a
party who is injured by the conduct of a shenflor
any other executive officer, has the privilege ot
availing himself of the penalty tn that bond and
sumo- upon it. I think the Senator is mistaken
in supposing that all suits about fax titles grow
out of mere matter of defective form. Ihavu known
many cases where property has been solu, some-
times by corrupt officers and sometimes by incor-
ruptible ones through carelessness, where the tax
has been paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have known instances
where the'taxes have been paid and the lands sold.
It has frequently occurred in my State.
Mr. HOWARD. I am ill favor of the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Illinois. I
think that justice tn such cases requires nothing
more than that the deed given upon a tax sale shall
