1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
the rights of parties as distributees of such prize proceeds,
and report the same to the court, to the end ttiatannal de-
cree shall be made, and within thirty days after the entry
of the same the clerk of the court shall transmit to the I reaa-
Ury of the United States the moneys so deposited in court,
together with a certified copy of the said decree, after de-
ducting from said moneys the costs of court and the charges
and expenses iiereinbelore provided for.
Sec. 5. .ami be it further enacted, That the provisions of
this act shall apply as well to cases now pending us to all
future cases of maritime captures, and to captures and seiz-
ures made under the laws for the abolition of the slave trade;
determining what public ships of the United States are en-
titled to share in the prize, and whether the prize was of
superior, equal, or inferior force to the vessel or vessels
making the capture; and all laws and parts of laws incon-
sistent herewith are hereby repealed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The only
effect of the amendments is, that the decree of the
court, instead of fixing the persons among whom
the prize money is to be distributed, names merely
the vessels, and leaves the distribution to be made
by the Navy Department. I move that the House
concur in all the Senate amendments.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
PUBLIC DEFENSE.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the public defense
and to accept loans of money therefor from the
several States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affai1"3- TAX «.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and tho House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Col-
fax in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special order, being the bill of the House
(No. 312) to provide internal revenue to support
the Government and pay interest on the public
debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose yesterday, they were engaged in ihe
consideration of the fifty-fourth section, as fol-
lows:
And beit further cnacted, That the owner, agent, or su-
perintendent ot any vessel or vessels used in making fer-
mented liquois, or of any htill, boiler, or other vessel used
in the distillation of spnits on'which dutv is payable, who
(.hall neglect or refuse to make nue and exact entry and
report of tin* same, or to do, or cruise to he done, any ol ihe
things by this net required to be done as aforesaid, «hall foi-
feit tor every such neglect or refusal all the liquors and
spirits made"by or for him, and all the vessels used m mak-
ing the same, and the stills, boilers, and other vessels used in
distillation, together with the sum of $500,to be recovered
with costs of suit; which said liquors or spirits, with the
vessels containing the same, with all the vessels used m
making the same, may bo seized by any collector of inter-
nal duties, and held by him until a decision shall be had
thereon according to law: Provided, That such seizure be
made within three months after the cause for the same may
have occurred, and that a prosecution or action thereupon
shall have been commenced by such collector within twenty
days after the seizure thereof.
The CHAIRMAN, The pending amendment
at the rising of the committee yesterday was, as
follows:
Add at the end of the section the following:
One halfof which penalty shall be tor the use of the Uni-
ted States, and the other half thereof shall accme to the
benefit of the common schools of the State in which col-
lected, and any collector or deputy collcctor who shall fail
to prosecute any person to him known to be liable to the
penalty of this section, shall be fined .$100.
The committee divided on the amendment, and
no quorum voted. The question will be again
taken.
On a division there were—ayes 5, noes 60.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will order
tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I moved the pending amend-
ment yesterday, and I will not further press it upon
the attention of the committee.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The proviso to this section
reads as follows:
Provided, That such seizure be made within three months
after the cause for the same may have occurred, and that
a piosecution or action thereupon shall have been com-
menced by such collector within twenty days alter the
seizure thereof.
On motion of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] that proviso was amended by inserting
after the word "occurred," the words "and
brought to the knowledge of the collector." The
proviso, as I understand it, was in the nature of
a statute of limitation. Is it not, then, a matter
intolerable that the forfeiture is to be based, not
upon willful neglect, but upon the mere neglect of
the party? Andtheprosecutioncanbe commenced
years afterwards, and the person charged cannot
escape unless he complies with this absurdity that
he gave notice three months before of the very
neglect or refusal on which the charge is made.
The proviso as it now stands does away with the
presumption of law of the innocence of the party
accused, which applies to all criminal proceed-
ings or quasi criminal proceedings, in the nature
of which this is. I move, therefore, to strikeout
the proviso as it now stands, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Provided, That said seizure be made within ninety days
after the cause for the same may have occurred, and the
prosecution of the action thereupon shall be commenced by
said collector within twenty days after the seizure thereof.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose that the amend-
ment applied to the prosecution, and not to the
seizure. In all statutes of limitation in civil suits
where the cause of action is fraudulently concealed,
the statute of limitation never runs until after the
fact becomes known. It is not so in criminal ac-
tions unless there is an express provision. I hope
that the amendment will not be agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will have
to modify his amendment to bring it within the
rule.
Mr. POMEROY. My object is to restore the
proviso as it originally stood. I have made it
ninety days instead of three months.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
that will be considered as bringing the amendment
within the rule.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to strike nut the
words " together with the sum of $500, to be re-
covered with costs of suit; which said liquors or
spirits, with the vessels containing the same, with
all the vessels used in making the same;" so that
it will read:
And be it farther enacted, That the owner, agent, or su-
peiintendent of any vessel or vessels used in making fer-
mented liquor*, or of any still, boiler, or other vessPl used
in the distillation of spirits on which duty is payable, who
shall neglect or i el use to make true and exact entry and
report of the same, or to do, or cause to be done, any of the
thmgs by this act required to be done as aforesaid, shall for-
feit i'or every such neglect ot refusal all the hquois and
spirit^ made by or foi him, and all the vessels used in mak-
ing tho same, or the stills-, boilers, and other vessels used m
distillation, may be seized by any collectoi of interna) du-
ties, and held by him until a decision shall be had thereon
according to law.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me that that part
of the section has already been adopted by the
committee, and that amendment to it is not now
in order. I make the point of order on the amend-
ment.
Mr. HARRISON. My recollection is that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania moved to strike out
all except that which had reference to the forfeit-
ure of the liquors manufactured.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HARRISON. It seems to me that this
penally is too enormous. It applies not only to
the ease where the distiller refuses to make a true
and exact entry and report of the liquors by him
distilled, but also to the ca-se of more neglect,
which may not be willful. Now, it seems to me
that if all the liquor or spirits by him made are
forfeited, and he is subject to a fine of $500, that
the penalty will be sufficient.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me that we acted
on this same principle yesterday. It may be that
the gentleman from Ohio has included a few more
words to bring his amendment within the rule.
I do not think that these vessels ought to be ex-
empted from seizure if there has been a willful
neglect of duty.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
the fifty-fifth section by inserting the words " and
sold or removed for consumption or sale;" so that
it will read:
.find he it fur/her enacted, That In all eases in which the
duties aforesaid, pa> able on spirituous liquors distilled and
sold or lemoved tor consumption oi sale, or beer, lager beer,
ale, porter, and other similar fermented liquors, shall not
be paid at the tune of rendering the account of the same,
as heiein requited, the person or persons chaigeable there-
with shall pay, in addition, ten pei cent, on the amount
thereof; and until sucli duties with such addition shall be
paid, they shall be and remain a perpetual lien upon the
distillery where such liquors have been distilled and sold
or removed for consumption or sale, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NOBLE moved to insert after the words
" per cent." the words " per annum."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. In order to make this
section correspond with the previous sections, I
move an amendment to the proviso. The proviso
of the bill reads as follows:
Provided, further, That it shall not he lawful to make
distraint of the tools or implements of a trade or profession,
or any other aiticles exempted from distress or execution
by the laws of any State, beasts of the plow necessary for
the cultivation of improved lands, arms,oi necessary house-
hold furniture, and apparel for a family.
I move to amend by substituting for it the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That there shall be exempt from distiaint the
tools or implements of a trade or profession, one cow, ai nrs,
oi necessary household furniture, and apparel for a family.
Mr. HOLMAN. The language of this section
seems to be ambiguous. Does the proviso ex-
empt the books of lawyers and of the clerical pro-
fession? This bill ought to be uniform in its ac-
tion. Do the words "tools or implements"mean
the books of lawyers, medical men, and the the-
ological student? I want to put upon the record
the declaration on the part of this House that it
was not the intention to exempt the libraries of
lawyers, physicians, and members of the clerical
profession.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The words
of the section will exclude them from the exemp-
tion here provided, because it exempts those im-
plements in actual use, which the lawyers'books
ordinarily are not. [Laughter.]
Mr. MENZIES. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by thegentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman.] No court would dccide that law books
were tools or implements under the section as it
stands, and in some professions tools and imple-
ments are used—for instance, dental surgery, sur-
veying, engineering, and such employments. No
man would call Blackstone a tool or an imple-
ment; the work might in some sense be an instru-
ment in the hands of a lawyer, but would never
be called a tool or instrument.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, sir, I have accom-
plished my purpose by placing on record a com-
mentary on the use of the word " profession." I
withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment in the fifty-second line. I move to insert
after the words "public auction," the words
" after due notice of the time and place of sale;"
so that the clause would read:
15 ut incase of non-payment or neglect to tender as .afore-
said, the said officer shall procced to sell tl-ic said goods,
chattels, and effects at public auction, alter due notice of
the time and place of sale, and may and shall letain from
the proceeds of such sale the amount demandable for the
use of the United States, with the said necessary and rea-
sonable expenses of said distraint and sale.
This amendment isobviously proper,and I pre-
sume no one will object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend in the forty-
fifth line of the section by inserting after the word
" levying" the words "and advertisement." 1
will state, in explanation of the amendment, that
we have amended the bill in a previous section,
requiring advertisement of property to be sold
under distraint, and I suppose therefore it will
be proper to insert the cost of advertisement in
the costs intended to be covcrcd by this provision.
The clause of the section, as 1 have proposed to
amend it, will read:
Provided, That m every ca«e of distraint for the pay-
ment of the duties afo;esaid, the goods, chattels,or eflects
so distrained may and shall be restored to the owner or
possessor if, piior to the sale thereof, payment or tender
theieof shall be made to the proper officer charged with the
collection, of the lull amount demanded, together with such
fee tor levying and advertisement, and sucii sum tor the
necessary and reasonable expires of removing and keep-
ing the goods chattels, and etFects so distrained as maybe
allowed in like cases by the laws or practice of the State
or Temtory wlicicin the di&twunt shall have been made.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I move, in
the fifty-sixth line, to strike out the word "five,"
and insert " one;" so as to make the clause read:
The said officer shall pioceed to sell the said goods,
chattels, and effects at public auction, and may and shall
