2282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
be prima facie evidence of title in the purchaser,
and also prima facie evidence of the regularity of
the proceedings anterior to the giving ot the deed.
Such is the law of my own State, and I believe
that rule prevails very generally throughout the
western States; of course leaving the burden of
proof upon the owner of the land to dispute the
title and to dispute the regularity of the proceed-
ings which led to the sale, casting the whole bur-
den, cost, and expense of litigating the question
upon the owner, who may be said to be m some
sort in default for not paying his taxes. But, sir,
I do object to this clause of the section. I think
it harsh; I think it unjust; and I must say I think
it would be extremely unacceptable to the great
mass of landholders not only in the West but in
the East. What is it? It declares that—
The bill of sale of such goods or chattels and deed of
such lands, given by the officer making such sale to the
purchaser theieof, shall be conclusive evidence of title to
the purchaser, and prima facie evidence of the right of the
officer to make such sale, and of the correctness of his pro-
ceedings in selling: the same.
Now, sir, it is quite clear from this language
that if the officer should take it into his head
to sell as the land of A B the land which really
belongs to C D, and undertakes to transfer the
title by a regular official deed, the land of C D is
gone from him entirely, although it may not have
been included in the assessment roll, and been in
no way subject to taxation; or, in other words,
it allows the officer, under color of his official
deed, to seize upon lands and property which are
not subject to taxation, and which do not belong
to the person whose name is in the assessment
roll, and sell them, and thus, in a manner, con-
fiscate them to the Government without their ever
having been taxed, or being even subject to tax-
ation, and without the owner having the slightest
notice of the proceedings. Is that right5 Is that
just? In case of conflicting titles, in a case where
a third person has a claim to the same' land, it
cuts him off also; it gives him no opportunity to
contest the title as conveyed by the Government
deed. J t seems to me, as I said before, that this
is too harsh a proceeding; it is anomalous; it is
hardly endurable; and it will cause very great
complaint, I can assure Senators, in the western
States especially, if so stringenta measure as this
is adopted by Qongress. It strikes me that the
more reasonable cour.se to take, is simply to cast
the burden of proof upon the owner of the lands
whenever he shall see fit to contest the title given
by the Government, and I shall therefore support
the motion to amend suggested by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
committee have no such attachment to it that they
want it if it is wrong. It is for the Senate to
decide.
Mr. HOWARD. I am anxious to make a
stringent provision, and insure the collection of
the tax by every reasonable and ordinary means;
but it docs strike me this is a little too sharp.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Morrill
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois to the
amendment of the Committee on Finance, strik-
ing out, in the fifth and sixth lines, the words
" conclusive evidence of title to the purchaser,
and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee, as amended,
was adopted.
The Secretary read section thirty-seven, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That should anv of the
people of any ot the States or Teiritoties ot the United
States, or the Dutnet of Columbia, he in actual icbellion
against tile authority of the Government of the United Stares
at any time alter tins act goes into operation, -so that the
laws of the United Stares cannot be executed theiein, u
shall bo the duty of the President, and he is heicby author
ized, to proceed to execute the provisions ofthis uet within
the limits ot such State or Territory, or Disti let of Colum-
bia, so soon as the authority of the United Statea theiein
shall be reestablished, and to collect the sums which would
have been due ftom the persons residing or holding prop-
erty. goods, waies,or merchandise, object or articlotherem
liable to any duty, license, or tax, with inteicst at the late
of six per cent, per annum thereon trom the time sueh dutv,
license, or tax ought to have been paid until paid in the
manner and under the regulations pie-cribed m tlu> ml.
solar as applicable, and where not applicable the a^esS-
went and levy shall be made and the time and manner of
collection regulated by the instruction's and duectiou-5 of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Trcasuiv.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee having proposed no amendment to this sec-
tion, the next will be read.
The Secretary read section thirty-eight, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That the officers who
may be appointed under this act shall be, and hereby are,
authorized to perform all the duties relating to or regarding
the assessment and collection of the direct tax imposed by
an act entitled " An act to provide increased revenue from
imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved August 5,1861. or any direct lax which
may be hereafter enacted: Provided, That the sum of
$19,312, direct tax, laid upon the Territory of Nebraska by
said act, shal I be paid and satisfied by deducting said amount
from the appiopuation foi legislative expenses of the Ter
ritory of Nebraska for the year ending June 30, 1883, and
no further claim shall be made by said Territory for legis-
lative expenses for said year: Provided further, That the
State of Tennessee shall have until the 1st day of Decem-
ber next to assume the payment of her portion of said tax.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend this section by inserting
after the word "authorized," in the third line,
the words " in all cases where the payment of such
tax has not been assumed by the State;" so that it
will read:
That the officers who may be appointed under this act
shall be, and hereby are, authorized, m all cases where the
payment of such tax has not been assumed by the State,
to perform all the duties, &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the thirty-ninth section, as
follows:
Spirits, Ale, Beer, and Porter.
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That every person
who, on the 1st day of May, 1862, shall be the owner of any
still or stills, or other implements used in lieu of stills, for
the purpose of distilling spirituous liquors, or who shall have
such still or stills, or implements, as aforesaid, under his
superintendence, either as agent or on his own account,
shall, on or before said day, and eveiy person who, after
said day, shall use or intend to use any such still or stills,
or implements, as aforesaid, either as owner, agent, or other-
wise, shall, before he >hall begin to use sueh still or stills,
or other implements in lieu thereof, for the purpose of dis-
tilling spirituous liquors, apply for, in writing, and obtain
fiom the collector appointed under this act for the collec -
lion distnct in which they are located, (or to the deputy of
such collector duly authorized,) a license for using such
still or stills, or other implements, as aforesaid ; and each
such license hcrealtej to be granted shall remain in force
until the 1st day of Apnl next after the date thereof, and
no longer; which licences shall respectively be gianted
upon the payment, by such owner or agent, as aforesaid, of
the sum of fit'ry dollais : Provided, That licenses may be
gianted under tins act for anytime not exceeding six
months, upon the payment of twenty fivedollais : And pro-
vided further, That dij-nlleis of apples and peaches may
take a license for that business lor the space of three
months, upon the payment of twelve and one half dollars.
The committee on Financc proposed to amend
the section by stnking out in the second line the
word " May" and inserting " July."
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to amend the sec-
tion by adding to it this proviso:
And provided further, Thatno licenses shall be required
for any still or other apparatus used by druggists and chem-
ists for the recovery of alcohol for pharmaceutical and chem-
ical purposes which has been used In their processes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the fortieth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the collectors, within their respective districts, to
grant licenses for distilling, which licenses shall contain
the date thereof, the sum paid, and the tune when the same
will expire, and shall be granted to any person, being a res-
ident of the United Slates, who shall desire the same, by
application, in writing, to such collector, upon payment of
the smu or duty pavable by this act upon each license re-
quested. And at the time of applying for said license, and
betore the same is issued, the person so appHing shall cive
bond to the United States, in such sum as shall be lequircd
by the collector, ami with one or nunc suietic-, to be ap-
proved by said collector, conditioned that in ease any addi-
tional «till or stills, or other implements to be usedasafoje-
said, shall be erected b\ him, lib agent or superintendent,
betoie using or c.iu.>iuir oi permitting the same to be u ed,
he will repoit in wilting to the said collector the capacity
theieof, and iniormation fiom time to tune of any change in
the torm, capacitj , ownership, agenev, or superintendence
which all or cither of the said stills or other implements
may undeigo; and that he will, from day to day, enter or
can^e to be entered in a book to be kept for that pui po-*e
the number of gallons of spu its that may be dialled by -aid
still or stills, or other implements, winch said book shall be
open at all rimes duimg the day (Sundays excepted) to the
inspection of the said collector, who may make any mem-
orandums oi tianscnptn theiefiom ; and that he will"tender
to the said collectoi, on the 1st day of each and eveiy
month, or within ten da>  theieaftei, duting the continu-
ance ot said license, an exact account, in wutmg, taken
fiom his books, or the number ot gallons ot spurts distilled
by him, his agent oi superintendent, toi the month then
next piueeduu; the date of said leport, which said leport
shall be veitfied by athdavit in the manner ptescrrbed by
the forty-fifth section ot this act; and that lie will, at the
tune of rendering said account, pa> to the said collectoi the
duties winch by this act ate imposed on the spit its so dis-
tilled ; and the said bond may be renewed or changed, from
time to time, in regard to the amount and sureties thereof,
according to the discretion of the collector.
The first amendment to this section is in the
sixteenth line, to strike out the words " he will"
before " report," and insert those words before
the word " before" in the fifteenth line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment is in line twenty-seven,
after the word " 1st" to insert " 10th and 20th,"
and to add the letter " s" to " day ;" so as to make
the clause read, " and that he will render to the
said collector on the 1st, 10th, and 20th days of
each and every month," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment is in line twenty-eight, to
strike out " ten" and insert " two;" so as to read
"or within two days thereafter."
Mr. FESSENDEN. On reflection, the com-
mittee are satisfied that a little more time ought
to be allowed, and I therefore move to amend the
amendment by striking out "two" and inserting
" five."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment is in the thirty-first line,
after the word "the," and before "month," in
the thirty-second line, to insert " period, or frac-
tional part of a;" so as to make the clause read:
An exact account, in writing, taken from his books, of
the number of gallons of spirits distilled by him, his agent,
or superintendent, for the period or fractional part of a
month then next preceding the date of said report.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to insert after the thirty-fourth
line these words:
And that he will not sell, or permit to be sold, or re-
moved for consumption or sale, any spirits distilled by Mm
under and by virtue of his sard license, until the same
shall have been inspected, gauged, and proved, and the
quantity thereof duly entered upon his books as atoresaid.
Mr. BROWNING-. I believe this is a section
of the bill to which I desire to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator propose
to amend the amendment of the committee ?
Mr. BROWNING. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Senator can
move it afterwards.
Mr. BROWNING. I desire to know whether
I shall have a chance when the amendments of the
committee have been gone through with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes; after the amend-
ments of the committee are disposed of we shall
go through the bill again on another reading.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A verbal amendment is
necessary in the section, which may as well be
made now. In the thirty-fourth line are the words
"manner prescribed by the forty-fifth section of
this act." According to our amendments, that will
be the forty-sixth section. I move to strike out
the words "the forty-fifth section of," so as to
make it read " manner prescribed by this act,"
without specifying any section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the forty-first section ,as fol-
lows:
Sec. 41. And be ityfurlher enacted, That the application
in writing made by any person for a license for distilling,
as aforesaid, shall state the place of distillinc, the number
and capacity of the still or stills, boiler or boilers, and the
name of the person, firm, company or corporation using the
same; and any person making a false statement in either of
the said particulars shall forfeit and pay the sum of $100,
to be iccovered with costs of suit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The committee do not propose to
amend this section. The next will be read.
The Secretary read the forty-second section, as
follows:
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That, in addition to
the duties payable for licenses hereinbefore provided, there
shall be paid, on all spirits that may be distilled and sold,
or removed for consumption or sale, of fust proof, on and
aftei the Kt day of May, 18f>2. the duty of fifteen cents on
each and eveiy gallon, which shall be paid by the owner,
agent, or supmntendeut of the still or other vessel in which
the t*aid t-pintuoiw liquor shall have been distilled ; which
duty shall he paid at the tune of rendering the accounts of
spuitsious liquors so ehai«eable with duty, required to be
rendeied by the following section ot this act: Provided,
That the duty on ^pit iltiou- liquors and all other spirituon3
bevei i es cniinieiated m this act shal! be collected at no
lowei i ate than tne basis of lust proof, and shall he increased
in propoittou foi any greater strength than the strength of
pioof.
The committee propose to amend this section
