aoo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
spoken upon this question have said, that such
were the peculiai^circumstances of this case that
it demanded further investigation. My friend
from New York, even, says that to him all is dark.
The Secretary of the Treasury estimated in July
that it would cost $300,000 to execute this work.
It has been so contracted for that it not only has
cost $300,000, but $550,000. Now, I say that of
itself requires of us, who are voting pubiiomotiey
by the hundred thousands in this way, to ask the
question, and have the question answered by
somebody, before we pay this money. There
may be the best reason in the world, and it is not
my fault if I am not able to furnish at this mo-
ment from the Secretary himself every particular
pertaining to this contract. I have sought it dili-
gently ever since last Friday. It is scarcely an
hour since 1 left the Treasury building; and 1 re-
peat, it'is not my fault that I am not able to spread
before this House not only the contract itself, but
everything which has been done under it. I pre-
fer, for one, before I vote to pay any more money,
to know exactly where and why it is going.
I must hurry on, and say a few words more
nearly to the question before the House on Fri-
day last , and upon which the House gave me
permission to speak; and that was the speech of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick.]
1 understand the gentleman from New York not
to dispute but that if the facts laid before the
House are true as contained in the testimony of
Samuel A. Hopkins, they furnish good ground
for further delay and examination of this matter.
But he attempts to weaken that testimony, and
says it is not worthy of credit before this House.
"Without any testimony outside of that evidence,
he finds in the evidence itself what he claims to
be reason enough for om' discrediting it. Sir,
look into the testimony, and say whether it is a
probable story. The first complaint he makes,
and which he seems to lay great stress upon—be-
cause he repeats it twice in his speech—is that
this investigation proceeded upon the part of the
committee for another purpose, to wit: to investi-
gate the conduct of Wood, Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings. And then he says that this man
Hopkins thought he had some claim upon the
consideration of the Administration, because he
was chairman of the committee at Jersey City to
receive the presidential train on its passage to
"Washington. I hope it is no particular tender-
ness for his own constituent and townsman, the
self-constituted conductor of that presidential
train, who traveled all the way from Syracuse to
Springfield, Illinois, and put himself at the head
of that train, and so gallantly conducted it through
Baltimore and all the way that he secured the
placc nearest the throne as compensation for the
valuable services he thus rendered. [Laughter.]
That was my friend's constituent and townsman
—Mr. Wood. My friend docs not know him now.
We all turn from the setting to the rising sun.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to say that the
gentleman is as wide from the truth in this state-
mcnt as he is m some others. Wood is not my
constituent, and has not lived in my town for
fifteen yeai;;.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, how he has fallen. Thcic
was a time when ho was valet de chambrc, and
then he smiled on us all, and all of us would have
been glad to own him as our constituent and
townsman; now none so poor to do him rever-
ence. [Laughter.] It was this gentleman, once
a resident of my friend's town, that, ho says, and
repeats twice in his speech, we took testimony to
displace, and'whom we did displace. Ilinc illcz
lachrymal! Is that the cause of all these com-
plaints? But the next thing my friend finds is a
palpable contradiction in the testimony of Hop-
kins, to wit: that he says in the beginning, "I
came on here with Mr. Ormsby, "and then, before
he gets through, ho says " Mr. Ormsby came on
a day or two before I did," I got here a little
while the first. A terrible contradiction, truly!
Has not my friend seen such a contradiction as
this, brought out tn glaring letters, so as to as-
tonish a judicial tribunal atsomccross-roadsin his
district? It is woithy of some justice's court at
some cross-roads or some tavern. What if Hop-
kins did say that ho got here a little while first?
Did anybody inquire of him whether they came
together or not? Did anybody inquire if they
traveled in the same car, or cars whether they
did or nqt? They were here for a common pur-
pose. My friend tarns off for a moment from his
late constituent and townsman—not now, but for-
merly—-and if such men filled the district now, I
dare say quite another man would come here as
its Representative. He turns off from him to
Ormsby, and he says that Ormsby, when he
says he is proprietor of the New York Bank
Note Company, is a myth, and he goes on a little
way further, and says he is an impostor. Now,
upon what authority does he say that? What
does he find in the testimony about it? Nothing
in the world. He asked mc if I knew him, and
then he asked his neighbor if he knew him. I
said I did not and his neighbor said he did not,
andthereupon he pronounced him first amyth and
then an impostor, because two members of Con-
gress did not know him. Now, that is assuming
altogether too much. It would take a very large
volume to contain what even a member of Con-
gress does not know. [Laughter.]
But my friend goes 011 further, and refers to the
testimony of Hopkins that there was not sufficient
competition. lie read in his testimony that he
called and ascertained " at the proper office" that
circulars were sent to these two bank note com-
panies. And what is the complaint about that?
Why, it is that Hopkins did notinform us whether
"the proper office'' was the office at Willard's Ho-
tel or not, as if the investigating committee even
did not know that the proper office to obtain this
information was not the office at Willard's Hotel.
My friend says that he goes upon the presump-
tion that all public functionaries discharge their
duties, and arc honorable men, until the contrary
is shown. So do I, and I ineludc witnesses also.
Unless my friend can find something besides what
he has pointed out here ill this examination, why
we should not put confidence in this man's testi-
mony, I presume with him that he is a fair and
honorable man. I presume that much at least
when he testifies to a transaction which will ex-
plain this strange fix we are in of being required
to vote $250,000 additional upon the estimate of
$300,000. We ask that this matter may be inves-
tigated, and that this item shall be postponed until
it can be made to appear to the properaccounting
officers that it is rightand just to pay this money.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Wii.tos] offered
an amendment, having that object in view, 011 Fri-
day; and if our friends on the other side of this
question had been patient enough to have heard
him explain it, instead of attempting to put it down
as they did, they would have seen a disposition
on the part of every man here who desires inves-
tigation into this item to sustain the Government
in the prosecution of its lawful and just functions—
a disposition to direct the appropriation of this
money in such a way that it shall reach the Sec-
retary 's office,and the clerks and agents connected
with it; and at the same time give the Secretary
permission, if he sees fit, to make a contract un-
der his own eye for the further printing of these
Treasury notes that shall secure to the country
a conviction that he is seeing to it that every dol-
lar of the public money that goes through his
hands is expended with rigid economy and ac-
countability.
I shall endeavor, Mr. Speaker, to carry out, in
an amendment which I shall offer to the hill, pre-
cisely those ideas suggested by the amendment of
the gentleman from Vermont. I hope that the
amendment will be adopted, for I understand that
a considerable portion of this $250,000 must ne-
cessarily go to the pay of clerks in the Depart-
ment conncctcd with the issue of these Treasury
notes. I desire that they shall have their pay,
anil that that bureau in the Treasury Department
shall go on unabridged in its strength a#d effi-
ciency, and at the same time I ask the House to
postpone for a while the paying of any further
money into the hands of these engravers, not be-
cause I am satisfied beyond a doubt that they have
made an improper contract with subordinate offi-
cers of the Government, but because such are the
circumstances surrounding it that it is just and
proper that there shall be investigation. There
has been time for the mails to reach here from
New York" since this debate closed on Friday,
and I have no doubt that there will come in here,
if the previous question is notcalled,any amount
of letters and certificates to backup this claim. I
stated^ on Friday that I might be doing these men
injustice, and that all I asked of the House was
that the case might be made clear, and that time
should be given. I think if these men have re-
ceived §300,000 already for the engraving and
printing of these Treasury notes, it is but fair that
they wait, if anybody must wait, while the poor,
honest laborers that have been making clothes for
the Army receive some of their pay; and, in the
mean time, some tribunal—the Secretary of the
Treasury himself, and no more just and upright
tribunal could be found—will see to it that this con-
tract was not made unadvisedly or improvidently.
Inasmuch, however, as some part of this appro-
priation ought to be applied to worthy objects, I
offer the following amendment to the bill:
For the necessary expenses in carrying into effect the act
of 11th of July, 1861 ,^tml the act ot 5th of August, ISGi, in
addition to the appropiiutionsmade by those acts, $150,000:
Provided, That no part of this appiopriation shall be used
in the payment or liquidation of any sum due on any exist-
ing contract for engraving or printing bonds or notes.
If that amendment shall be adopted, I propose
to offer a similar amendment touching the §100,000
in the next clause but one of the bill.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, the speech of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, who
has just taken his seat, proves that this debate
should not go on, but that the instant passage of
the most stringent bill to punish all frauds against
the Government is imperiously required.
I shall move the postponement of this bill to a
day certain, in order to obtain from the Treasury
Department information in regard to the expend-
iture of the vast sums of money already appropri-
ated to carry into effect the acts of the 17th ot
July and of the 5th of August last, and to inquire
how the not insignificant sum of §250,000 asked
for in this bill to carry out the same object is to be
expended.
In offering the resolution of inquiry in regard
to the printing and issue of notes and bonds, 1 am
invited to such action by these words*which I ~
find in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury:
" Contracts for supplies to the Army and Navy,
as well as for public work of all descriptions,
should be subjected to strict supervision, and the
contractors to rigorous responsibility."
In this purpose I have no design to cast any
imputation upon the character of the Secretary ot
the Treasury. I most emphatically differ in
opinion, however, from the ardent and eloquent
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbvrne] as to
his masterly financial ability. I accotd to him
legal and political sagacity; but, looking to the
deplorable condition of the Treasury and public
credit, 1 fail to see any evidence of financial skill
or ability. He found the body of public credit
not even dull nor inactive. He has fumbled over
it for ten months, and it lies prostrate. It only
requires the touch of a master to make it spring
into full, vigorous, and abundant life.
The state of our finances is the most important
subject that can engage our attention, and it has
been too long delayed. I purpose directing the
attention of this House to the subject, and in so
doing it will be necessary to criticise the manage-
ment of our finances. This is the only nation in
the world which should have any credit, as it is
the only one which can eventually pay off any
and all debts that it may contract or incur. I am
borne out in this assertion by the fact that it has
on several occasions paid off its entire indebted-
ness, and even anticipated the maturity of its
obligations. No nation in Europe could make the
feeblest attempt to pay off its indebtedness, and
yet all have credit to a greater or less degree,and
most far better than our own. Great Britain has
the most unlimited credit, and can at this time
obtain any amount it might desire at a trifle over
three percent, per annum, while better securities
cannot find purchasers at seven per cent, per
annum.
The finance ministers of Great Britain have
had the sagacity to understand and carry into
practice the essential principle of credit—prompt
pay. Every one knows that no matter what means
an individual may possess, if he does not pay
promptly his credit will be impaired, and although
he may obtain money, it can only be done by
paying high rates of interest, and may purchase
what he requires, but it must be at enhanced prices.
The same inflexible rule will apply to nations.
The failure of several States of the Union to pay
interest promptly has cost this nation millions and
tens of millions of dollars. Had it not been for
