3242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
an increase of three officers upon? the staff of every
division general in the Army,as stated by the gen-
tleman from New- York. There arc about forty
divisions in the Army, which will make an in-
crease of one hundred and twenty staff officers
under that provision of the bill. That, of itself,
will entail upon the Treasury an expenditure of
about two hundred thousand dollars per annum.
Now, Mr. Speaker, before the Army was or-
ganised-into corps, and when these divisions each
stood upon its own footing, there might have been,
comparatively speaking, some propriety in asking
for an increase in the staff of every division gen-
eral; but since these divisions have been consoli-
dated into corps, and each commander of a corps
has the staff of a major general, there is no neces-
sity whatever for the commander of a division hav-
ing this increased staff, because the staff of-the
commander of a corps is for the benefit in part of
the division generals.
Mr.OLIN. What is the staff of the commander
of a corps ?
Mr. McPHERSON. The bill has been read at
the Clerk's desk, which defines the staff of the
commander of a corps. Every commander of a
corps in the whole Army is to-day a major gen-
eral, and is entitled under the law to the staff of
n major general, and 1 believe that the staft au-
thorized by existing law is abundant for all ordi-
nary emergencies, and if there be any extraordi-
nary emeigency he has the light,as commander
of a corps, to detail for special duty, and for a lim-
ited time, one, two, or more of the officers in his
corps, as he sees proper.
Mr. OLIN, The gentleman seems to suppose
that the commander of a corps will have the staff
provided in the bill, and also his staff as a major
general.
Mr. McPHERSON. Not at all. I do not sup-
pose any such thing, but I say that the commander
of a corps, being a major general, is entitled to
have the staff of his rank, which is sufficient for
all ordinary purposes.
Mr. OLIN. What is the staff of a major gen-
eral?
Mr. McPHERSON. The gentleman stated
yesterday, during the debate on the bill which we
then had before us, that an increase in the ord-
nance corps was necessary in order to detail offi-
cers of the ordnance corps to the field. They will,
of co.urt e, then go upon the staff Qf your com-
manders, for there is no place else for them to go.
Mr. OLIN. I said nothing of the kind.
Mr. McPHERSON. Weii,thcgentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Du.vn,] who had the bill in charge,
did. So an increase in the quartermaster's de-
partment was urged upon the ground that officers
of that corps had been taken from their duties in the
office here and placed in the field upon active duty.
And so with the officers of the commissary and
engineer departments. A general commanding a
corps is, as I understand it, entitled to 1iave upon
his staff an officer from the ordnance department,
an officer from the quartermaster's department,
and officers from the commissary and engineer de-
partments, if the strength of those corps will jus-
tify their detail; and if they will not justify it,
then he can go upon the quartermaster's staft' and
the commissary staff of volunteers, and get his
officers detailed from them; for, as you all know,
we have appointed probably not fewer than one
hundred and twenty additional quartermasters,
and have had a large number of additional com-
missaries of subsistence appointed for the special
purpose of being placed upon the staff of these
fiela officers.
Mr. ROSCOE CONIvLINGr. Aside from this
extraordinary mode of providing for contingen-
cies, will the gentleman be good enough to state
to what staff, by the law as it now stands, a major
general is entitled r
Mr. McPHERSON. He is entitled to an as-
sistant adjutant general. He is also entitled to a
quartermaster. His entitled also to a commissary
and engineer. He is entitled, under the legisla-
tion of last July, to three aids-de-camp. I do not
know whether lie is entitled to an mspectorgeneral
or not. j do-not remember distinctly about that.
Mr.OLIN. I believe they arc not staff officeis.
Mr. McPHERSON. Certainly they are; and
very important ^taff officeis.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. A corps d'arnuey
as I understand it, is ordinarily composed in our
serviceofsomcthirty-sixorforty thousand troops.
I wish .the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
state to the House how many division and brig-
ade staffs there are ordinarily comprised in a corps
d'armee, and about how many staff officers in all
are ordinarilyabsorbed into and com prised within
a corps d'amnee ?
Mr. McPHERSON. There are usually four
brigades in a division; three or four, and there
are usually three divisions in a corps. You thus
have twelve distinct and separate staffs, in addi-
tion to that of the major general commanding the
corps d'armee
A Voice. How are they made up ?
Mr.McPHERSON.. Onthestaffof abrigadier
general you have an assistant adjutant general and
two aids. On the staff of a division commander
you have the same. You have, therefore, no less
than from thirty-six to forty staff officers on the
staffs of the brigadiersand division commanders in
the corps. Besides that, your corps commander,
being a major general, is entitled to a major gen-
eral's staff. If you pass this bill, there will be
an increase of at least three staff officers in each
division, which will make an increase of one hun-
dred and twenty staff officers, besides the addi-
tional aids, all with increased rank.
Mr. BIDDLE. Do I understand my colleague
to say that the officers provided in this bill will be
in addition to what the law aheady allows?
Mr. McPHERSON. No, sir; except^o far as
they exceed the present allowance.
Mr. B1DDLE* I find that the third section pro-
vides that each division of the forces of the United
States consisting of two or more brigades shall
have the following officers attached thereto, who
shall constitute the staff of the permanent com-
mander thereof: one assistant adjutant general,
one assistant inspector general, who shall bear,
respectively, the rank of major; also three aids-
de-camp, to bear the rank of captain.
Mr. McPH ERSON. That is an increase of one
inspectorgeneralandofone aid-de-camp on the staff
of each division commander. In addition to that, ic
gives increased rank to all of them. At present
the assistant adjutant general of a division com-
mander has the rank of captain. This bill gives
him the rank ofmajor. The aids of division com-
manders arc lieutenants; this makes them captains.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, i desire to ask the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania whether he has made
any calculation.1? that will enable him to state the
expense of the additional staff officers provided in
this bill?
Mr. McPHERSON, The increase will be not
less than $300,000 per annum. There is an in-'
crease, according to the admission of the gentle-
man from New York, of three officeisj5ii the staff
of each division commander. There are forty
divisions, which makes one hundred and twenty
additional staff officers.
Mr. OLIN. The bill does not necessarily pro-
vide forany increased expenseatall. All of these
officers may be detailed cither from the regular or
volunteer forces. It is only where these officers
are taken from outside, and attached to the staff,
that there is any additional expense. An estimate
of $300,000 increase is very remarkable.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 am prepared to estab-
lish that fact. The gentleman says that this bill
does not necessarily increase the number of offi-
cers, but that these staff officers may be detailed
trom other branches of the service. 1 should like
to know where you are going to get an assist-
ant inspector general for each one of these forty
division commanders. They must be created.
This bill does creatc them, because it authorizes
their appointment, ft increases aids from two,
with the rank of lieutenant, to three with the rank j
of captain. In addition to that, it provides for i
the creation of a new staff officer known as the j
judgo^advocate of a division. Suppose it were '
true that every one of these staff officers was not :
a now appointment, but could be detailed from !
the line: what would be the result? Suppose that :
the company officers should be taken from their i
positions and transferred to these staff positions:
what would be the condition of your company :
commands? If every general commanding a di- '
vision had the right to take three captains fiom
their companies to put them on his staff, (he result
would be such a depleting of your company or-
ganization as that the efficiency- of the Army ;
would be^argely impaired, for their vacancies of
transferred officers cannot be filled. t
There is another feature about this bill which
I think highly objectionable. As presented by
the Military Committee it fails to require that the
appointments as aids-de-camp shall be confirmed
by the Senate. What I think still worse, it also
fails to require that these additional aids shall be
taken from men now in the service. There is noth-
ing to prevent a division commander from tak-
ing all his aids from civil life. He will be author-
ized to pass by airthe experienced and practical
men of his command, dig up from civil life who-
ever he may choose,and transplant them into his
staff to command men who have for six or nine
months borne the brunt of the battle.
When a proposition somewhat similar to this
was before the House some months ago, I took
occasion to oppose it. Subsequently 1 had con-
veisations with several Army men on this very
subject. If I thought proper 1 could give the high-
est military authority for the declaration that this
enlarged staff organization is wholly unnecessary,
and that that bill had been prepared in the inter-
est of a certain portion of the Army, which lie
denominated the " fancy" part of the Army, and
said that the practical fighting men of the "Army
did not require and do not desire any such organi-
zation. The distinguished major general who
made that declaration—not to me, but it came to
me through a friend—is a man who distinguished
himself in the recentbattles before Richmond, and
who,thrvough a long and honorable career, has
proved himself a true and faithful soldier. Sus-
tained by the opinions of such men as he, I feel it
my duty to protest against this bill, and ask the
House not to pass it. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
the motion.
Mr. McPHERSON. I withdraw it for a re-
mark; but I do not withdraw itabsoiutely, unless
the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, in reply to what the
gentleman has stated, I desire to say that it can-
not be true that any distinguished officer of the
Army has said, with reference to the provisions of
this bill, that the staff proposed to be created by
it was unnecessary. I venture to say thatthegen-
tleman has seen no one to express such an opinion
since the bill has been reported.
Mr. McPHERSON. The gentleman from New
York is in error as to what I said. I said that,
whenabilllike this,almostsubstantially the same,
was brought before the House two or three months
ago, I opposed it; andthatsubsequently 1 had con-
vocation with several Army people, and heard of
the declaration I have substantially repeated.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is in
error again. There has been no bill before the
House containing the provisions of this bill, or
anything like the provisions of this bill, in lef-
erence to corps and division staffs; if so, will the
gentleman lay his hand upon the bill?
Mr. McPHERSON. I will. The bill which
was before the House on the 6th day of March
last,and which was then acted upon, was almost
exactly this bill, except that there is added to this
a provision in reference to the staff of a general
commanding a corps not then provided for. I hold
in my hand the remarks I made at that time, and
I can tuin to the bill itself.
Mr. OLIN. Thegentlemari will please todo so.
In relation to this measure, it is, in my judgment,
a very obvious and simple one, and can easily be
understood by the House. If it be necessary or
proper to divide an army of the magnitude of ours
into corps and divisions, and to put an officer at
the head of each corps or division, I do not sup-
pose that anybody will dispute that it is necessary
that that officer shall have a staff. Whether that
staff is to be a large one or a small one is another
question. Whetherthe staff here proposed isun-
necessarily laige, I suppose there is enough of
military experience in the House to decide.
But 1 aver that nothing which the gentleman has
said should, in my judgment, disturb atall the rec-
; ommendation of the highest officer of the Army,
| and of the Secretary of War, as to the propriety and
necessity of this measure. Is it wise, is it prudent,
: is it proper, for this House to say, in response to
a recommendation of this kind, that it is wholly
unnecessary, or that it ought to be rejected, be-
| cause it would cost $200,000 additional expense.
Mi. McPHERSON. 1 have now the bill to
which I refericd. It js Senate bill No. 122.
