1862.
THE CON"G:KESBI-0NiA.L GLOBE.
Mr. OLIN.' Oh, that is ail entirely different
bill.
Mr. McPHERSON. ^ The statement I made
was, that it was substantially the same bill as this.
That bill, which was before uson the 6th of March,
provides for a staff corps for the commander of a
division. At that time we had no commanders of
corpswhich this bill provides for; and, of course,
the bills differ in this respect; but in every other
' respect they are substantially the same.
Mr. OLIN. If the gentleman will compare the
two bills, he will find that they are essentially dif-
ferent. That bill did not apply to an Army or-
ganization such as now exists.
Mr. McPHERSON. I have compared the two
bills, and find them, as 1 have said, substantially
the same, with the exception that this billprovides
a staff for the commander of a corps d'annee, which
that bill did not provide for. The gentleman can
examine and compare them for himself.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, now the gentleman
from Pennsylvania takes hold of some private con-
versation that he has had with the commander of
a division who has distinguished himself in the
military service, in whose opinion this bill is not
needed to promote the efficiency of the service. I
■wish the gentleman would give the name of that
officer.
Mr. McPHERSON. I have said that I do not
feel at liberty to give his name. I do not consider
it proper, but I repeat that ho is a commander who
has distinguished himself in the field, and is now
a major general.
Mr. DUNN. I desire to say, in reference to this
matter, that when the bill to which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania refers was before the House,
in the course of the discussion which then took
place I stated what was the opinion of General
Burnside, expressed just as he was about to leave
for the South in command of his expedition, urg-
ing me to procure the passage of a bill increasing
the number of staff officers for commanders of di-
visions. I wish to say further, that since General
Heintzelman has been on the peninsula he has
. written to me urging the passage of this bill.
Mr. OLIN. Now, I wonder who the fellow
was who opposed this increase. [Laughter.]
Mr. McPHERSON. If the gentleman knew
his name, he would not call him a fellow.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, I mean a good fellow. Now,
in reference to the propriety of passing this bill,_
here is a recommendation coming from the head of
the War Department. Here is the recommenda-
tion of officers upon whom has been devolved the
responsibility of commanding divisions and com-
manding army corps asking for this measure, and
I ask, is there any man hero who is willing to take
the responsibility of saying they do not need it,
that it is going to cost money? Who will say to
those officers in command, we expect you to peril
your lives ill the service of the country; we ex-
pect you to do whatever men can do to save the
honor of the country, but when Congress is asked
to afford you the ordinary facilities for performing
your duties by passing a measure which the most
experienced anu skillful officers say is necessary,
some gentleman in this House will getup and as-
sume to understand the wants of the Army so en-
tirely as to say, upon his own responsibility, that
the whole thing is unnecessary, and that you must
lay the bill upon the table ?
Now, in order to give the House an opportu-
nity of defeating the bill if they desire to do so, I
will, according to my promise, move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. McPHERSON. Will the gentleman allow
mo to say a single word in reply to him before he
makes that motion ?
Mr. OLIN. I will.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. I desire to make
one or two observations upon the bill, if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will allow me.
Mr. McPHERSON. I will.
Mr. OLIN. I believe I hold the floor, and I
must decline to yield further. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. I object to that.
I insist if the gentleman yields, he yields uncon-
ditionally.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, if the
gentleman from New York yields the floor, he
must do it unconditionally.
Mr. OLIN. I decline to yield the floor uncon-
ditionally, and move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. McEHERSON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion for a moment. I will re-
new it. e
Mr. OLIN. I am perfectly willing, if I can
do so.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object. I ob-
ject to putting this bill through under any gag.
Mr. OLIN. Very well; I insistupon my motion
then.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to—ayes 67, noes
CARMACIC AND RAMSEY.
On motion of Mr. ALLEY, Senate joint reso-
lution (No. 89) in relation to the claim of Car-
mack & Ramsey, was taken from the Speaker's
table.
Mr. ALLEY moved that the House insist upon
its amendments, and agree to the committee of
conference asked for by the Senate.
Mr. BLAKE. I do not want a committee of
conference upon that bill. I hope the House will
insist on its amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
is the usual courtesy on the part of one House to
agree to the conference asked by the other House.
Mr. BLAKE. Very well; let it go.
The motion of Mr. Alley was then agreed to.
Mr. COX. Is it not in order to move that the
House adhere to its amendment to that bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that a
committee of conference has already been ordered
to be appointed on it.
Mr. COX. I will move, then, to reconsider the
vote by wltich the committee of conferencc was
ordered.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair will again say that
it is a matter of courtesy when the other House
asks for a conference on a measure to grant it.
Mr. COX. Very well; I will withdraw the mo-
tion.
SIIEltBUltNE AND WOOD.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a hill for the relief of Captains
John P. Sherburne and II. Clay Wood, of the
United States Army; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. I raise the point of
order that the bill makes an appropiiation, and
must bo fust considered in a Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill was therefore referred to a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and
ordered to be printed.
RICE M. BROWN.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Rice M. Brown; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I raise the question
of order that the bill makes an appropriation, and
must go to a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I ask the gentleman to
hear the report read, and perhaps ho will not object.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will waive my point
of order for that purpose.
The report was read.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. I'inust insist on my
point of order.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of older.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
deputy inspectors general.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back House bill (No.
33G) to authorize the appointment of two inspect-
ors general; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
PAY OF MUSICIANS.
Mr. BUFFINTON made an adverse report on
the resolution of tte"Hati"se>instmetiqg the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to inquire into the ex-
pediency of increasing the^iayiof musicians to
that'of privates in the Army-;' which, was.laid on
the table. •••••.. '
COLLEGE MILITARY-INSTRUCTION."
.Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,:
made an adverse report upon the resolution Qf the,
House instructing the Committee on Military Af- •
fairs to inquire into the expediency of detailing,'
at the expense of the United States, a military in-
structor for each incorporated college in the Uni-
ted States; which was laid on the table.
NARltAGANSETT BAY.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the lesolution of the
House instructing the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to inquire into the expediency of fortifying
NarragansettBay, Rhode Island; which was laid
on the table.
GOVERNMENT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back Senate bill (No. 348)
for the better government of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States, with sundry amendments.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Let the bill
and amendments be read.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The amendments of the
Committee on Naval Affairs are principally verbal
in their character, and I think they are such as the
House will not object to.
The bill and amendments were read.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
make a verbal amendment. In the provision for
Ihedeposit of money in the Trcasuiy of the Uni-
ted States the language is, " until the final decree
of distribution shall be made in these prize cases."
I move to add the words " or until the decree of
restitution."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 also have a verbal
amendment which 1 desire to make to this bill.-
It provides that" the proceeds of the sale of prizes
shall be deposited with the Assistant Treasurer at
the place of sale." I move to amend, so as to
make it lead that " the proceeds shall be deposited
with the Assistant Treasurer at or nearest to the
placc of sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments of the Committee on Naval
Affairs were then concuired in; and the bill, as
amended, was oidrred to a third reading; arid it
was accordingly read (he thud tune, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
THANKS OP CONGRESS TO CAPTAIN EOOTE.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution tendering the thanks of
Congress to Captain Andrew II. Foole, United
States Navy; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed, and lead a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the thiid time, and |iassed.
Mr. SEDGWICIC moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the. resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 371) for the
relief of Fanny Macticr Smith; when the Speaker
signed the same.
EQUALIZATION OF GRADES IN TIIE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to take from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 280, to establish and equalise the
grades of line officers in the United States Navy,
and that they be non-concurred m.
The amendments were taken up by unanimous
consent, and the motion to noil-concur was agreed
t0' . SUSAN DIXON.
Mr. VERREE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back House bill (No. 435) for the
