302
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 13,
ferred that there had been wrong and improper
conduct on the part of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or his assistant which rendered this contract
invalid and fraudulent, and one which aught not
to be carried into effect.
Now, I have taken a little pains to make in-
quiry, and to see whether, in speaking from the
evidence, and without any other information on
the subject, except what I gathered from the
knowledge of those about me, I had not myself
done injustice to some of the persons named in the
testimony; and I now desire deliberately to repeat
what I said on that occasion, with a full under-
standingofthe responsibility which 1 assume when
I say it, that this " New York Bank Note Com-
pany" has no existence; that there is no such
company in existence; that Mr. Ormsly, in rep-
resenting such a corporation as one competent to
perform this work, is speaking for himself alone;
and that he is a man who has not the necessary
capital, the necessary skill, the necessary charac-
ter, to entitle him to this contract, or to allow him
to enter into competition for it. I undertake to
say that the facts in reference to them cue sub-
stantially these: When the law authorized the
Secretary of the Treasury to offer this work for
execution, he sent it to the city of New York to
a trusted and confidential officer of the Govern-
ment—I mean Mr. Cisco—with instructions only
to make the best contract he could for the Govern-
ment with persons competent to discharge their
obligations. Mr. Cisco then invited competition,
and received offers, among others, from those two
companies—the American Bank Note Company
and the Natiunal Bank Note Company. Those
companies had no connection in business, and are
not, as has been insinuated, the same corporation
represented by different officeis. They are entirely
distinct. The president of one is Mr. Oakley, and
the president of the other Mr. Edson. They are
both of the highest character andstandmginNew
York and elsewhere, and are the only two com-
panies to whom the execution of the work might
safely be intrusted. I undertake to say, further,
that ihe prices paid, or agreed to be paid, for the
execution of the work, are at least fifteen per cent,
cheaper than similar worklnis heretofore cost the
Government, and that the work has been, in all
respects, executed in a proper manner by men who
are entirely competent to do its by men of char-
acter; by men of capital; by men of skill. For
you will iccollect that it requires the highest de-
gree of excellence in art to execute this work in
such a way as to secure the Government against
counterfeiting.
Now, we all know something in regard to the
responsibility conncctcd with this kind of engrav-
ing. Even the small banking corporations that
are organized in the State of New Yoik will not,
when they wanttheir bank notes engraved, apply
to a man merely because he is, as an individual,
agood engraver and can execute agood bank note
plate. They desire something more. They de-
sire to be assured that these plates will not be put
into the hands of a man or set of men who might
make duplicates of them. The Government must
take care in this case that there is no possibility
of these plates getting into the hands of those who
might make an improper use of them. [ suppose
the facts are these: thutthis contract has been sent
for, that it is within the reach of members, and
would have been furnished to the investigating
committee, or could have been seen by anybody
else who had a right to see it, and that the whole
facts in refeience to the contract are as open as
day to anybody who chooses to make inquiry
about them.
Now, what did I complain of in the conduct of
the committee ? I complain of this—and I submit
to the gentlemen of the committee themselves
whether the complaint is not a just and reasonnble
one—that when there was evidence impeaching
the conduct of any gentleman connccted with the
administration ol public affairs—whether given
by such a witness as Hopkins or any other wit-
ness—simple justice required that the committee
should submit a copy ol that testimony to the per-
son implicated, n:id ask him iespectfully for an
explanation, it this couiso had been pursued in
reference to this matter no gentleman on that in-
vestigating committee would have questioned the
integrity of that branch of the Government.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman complained on
Friday that the committee did not call these par-
ties before it, and this morning he has put the
complaint in the form that we did not submit
copies of the testimony to the persons implicated,
and ask them for an explanation. The gentleman
seems to have forgotten that there is a law of
Congress, passed three or four years ago, the
effect, if not the title, of which was to screen of-
fenders, and which provides that no proceedings
can ever be instituted against any man who is
called before an investigating committee and ex-
amined touching any matters inquired of by that
committee. An investigating committee made the
fatal mistake last Congress of screening the no-
torious Secretary of War of the last Administra-
tion, and others equally notorious, by calling them J
before it and examining them. This committee
has omitted to call men before it, because it was
possible that it might be necessary to investigate
their official conduct further. That is the expla-
nation.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Now, I submit to the
House that the explanation makes it a great deal
worse than it was before. Thecommittee refrained
from furnishing the Secretary of the Treasury
with a copy of this testimony for fear they could
not afterward indict him for misconduct in office.
Was that a'sufficient reason why the Secretary of
the Treasury was not informed of this charge of
Hopkins against him?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is "still harp-
ing on my daughter." The Secretary of the
Treasury had no more to do with this matter than
I had. That we should lay before the Secretary
of the Treasury the transactions of subordinate
officials, and propose to hold him responsible for
them, would be, to say the least,an absurdity.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The gentleman forgets
what he has stated before when lie read, as he
said, the positive statement of a witness who
knew; in which not only the Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury is named, but the Secretary him-
self, making him connive with his assistant.
Mr. DAWES. 1 am obliged to interrupt the
gentleman once more. The gentleman made a
statement on Friday lastof which I think he will,
on further reflection, see the injustice. He said
that certain testimony which I lead to the House,
as proved by a person who knew, was hearsay. 1
will read it again:
" Mr Ormsby came on to Washington a few days after I
went on. lie had a ptomisc horn Ilainngton for thiee or
tour days or move, that the question was to betaken up and
considered every day, andth.'t we would be heard upon the
subject. Three or tout days elapsed, and when we did get
an inteiview we were informed by the Secietary of the
Treasury that the wli >[ • matter had been refened three or
four days before that tn Mr Cisco to he disposed of. Mr.
Ormsby left immediately to come to New York to see Mr.
Cis-co, but only to ieain that ttie National Bank Note Com-
pany or the American Bank Note Company, or both, had
been awaided the contract befoie we arrived.-*'
On this, my friend made this comment:
"This is evidence, says the gentleman liom Massachu-
setts, by the testimony of a witness who knows that Har-
lington made such a promise. Now, even Hopkins does
not pictcnd to say that Harrington said that to him or in his
jnescnce. He says Onn-by ' had this promise'hom Har-
lington. Ilow does he know ? Why Ormsby told him so ;
this confederate in seeking for Government plunder told inrn
that Uamngion lud icpt^ented tiom day to day that this
matter would be taken up."
This is the positive assertion of the gentleman
from New York, " Ormsby told him so." He
has caused it to be inserted in his speech m italics.
Now, 1 have only to say that, after that positive
assertion, one would expect to find it in the testi-
mony. This man testifies to a fact. He and
Ormsby were here for a common purpose. They
were promised an interview with the Secretary of
the Treasury; and when that promise on the part
of Harrington was at length fulfilled, they found
that the Secretary of the Treasury, without know-
ing anything of that arrangement, had turned it
over to Cisco several flays before. Now, because
Hopkins has not said m his testimony, "I heard
the Secretary say this*/' my friend felt justified
I in interpolating into the testimony theexpression
that Ormsby told him so. I do not think that my
fiiend, on looking at it over again, will say that
that is exactly a "fair comment.
Mi. SEDGWICK. I do say that it is exactly
a fan* comment, and that there is nothin  iif it—
that there is nothing in this testimony at all in
i(| which even Hopkinsattemptstosay that he heard
one single word even from the Secretary or As-
'i sistant Secretary of the Treasury; and he must J
1! have heard it from Ormsby, his accomplice.
Now my learned friend from Massachusetts
says Hopkins was promised an interview with
the Secretary of the Treasury. Where does he
find the evidence of such a promise ? That is the
language of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
that this man was promised an interview with the
Secretary of the Treasury. I repeat the question:
where does he find the evidence of such a prom-
ise? I do not see it in this testimony.
Now, sir, I want to make one further observa-
tion. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hickman,] who 1 do not noV see in his seat, in-
quired of me on Friday as to the responsibility
of a house in Philadelphia by the name, I believe,
of Ball, Spencer & Co. Since that question was
put, 1 have ascertained that a firm by that name
formerly existed in Philadelphia, with branches
in New York and Boston. That house, however,
has been dissolved, and many of its members are
members of the corporation with whom the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has contracted to do this
work. And, sir, I undertake to say now that these
two corporations organized in the city of New
York, under the laws of the State of New York,
include in their members every house in the en-
graving business in the country competent to do
this work.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not pursue further this
matter in regard to the facts. I was saying, when
the gentleman from Massachusetts interrupted me,
that 1 thought the error of the committee was in
not furnishing the persons accused by their wit-
nesses with a statement of the testimony. I now
understand the gentleman to state that he does not
propose to do this; that he does not think itproper
to do it, because men may escape from punish-
ment; but that he thinks it right and just, upon
such testimony as that of Hopkins, to come here
and raise questions affecting the integrity of high
officers of the Government, upon an appropria-
tion bill, without any knowledge whatever of the
facts, except what is furnished by these witnesses.
Just look at these witnesses; look at the testi-
mony of this witness Hopkins, a man who, by
his own confession, was here for the purpose of
jobbingcontracts with anybody and for anything
which ho couhl bring before the Government. By
his own confession he has implicated himself in
fiauds upon the Government in attempting to sell
them those guns, and in attempting to engage in
operations by which the Treasury was to be plun-
dered.
Why, sir, we have heard of informers before.
He is disappointed in getting possession of the
Government funds by means of contracts, and
he goes and whispers his griefs to the chairman
of the investigating committee; he turns informer,
and tells the Government, or the persons who are
seeking to investigate these matters under our ap-
pointment, all his difficulties. Sir, I remember,
in another generation, before another tribunal, the
sense of mankind was pronounced upon these in-
formers by a gentleman much more eloquent than
the gentleman from Massachusetts or myself,
when he spoke of them as wretches who were
buried men until their hearts had time to fester
and dissolve, and were then dug up as witnesses.
I say that is the character of the witnesses the
gentleman has brought here to impeach officers of
the Government, against whose integrity or char-
acter he dare not whisper a word. By this course
he is sinking a blow, in the judgment of the coun-
try, which has already caused it to be whispered
through the community that the management of
the Treasury Department is impeached, and their
appropriations are refused by Congress because
they have made fraudulent contracts. And, sir,
no man in this House can escape from pronoun-
cing this judgment against the Treasury Depart-
ment who refuses this appropriation after the
debate that has taken place in this House upon it,
I say all this is unjust and wrong. How does
the gentleman answer it? I stated all this on Fri-
day. How does the gentleman answer it to-day?
Why, sir, he rises and enters upon a speech upon
frauds in other contracts with which the Secretary
of the Treasuiy has certainly had nothing to do.
Why is this? Why did the gentleman find it
necessary to wander from the point in dispute and
bring before us other contracts in which he says
enormous frauds have been perpetrated upon the
Government?
There is no man more ready to lay a heavy
hand upon any plunderer of the Treasury than I
