2284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that I do not disagree with him in the end, but it
must be gradual. The tax on whisky, I think,
should gradually rise. I believe the English tax
is nearly a dollar—3s. 7d.\ but it would have to
be very gradual in order not to prevent the man-
ufacture in large quantities under the lower tax.
Mr. SIMMONS. This is a proposition to
make this tax twenty-five cents. 1 think that the
tax on whisky is very low. I have no particular
desire to enter into the discussion of this question
just now, but, as it is up, I will say a word. I
think my friend from Ohio is entirely mistaken
about the tax on whisky in England, or else I am
misinformed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I got it from statements
that have been made. I think I can show it
exactly.
Mr. SIMMONS. How much did you say it
was—a dollar ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is 3s. Id. per gal-
lon; but I may be mistaken.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is about eighty-six
ccnts.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ninety cents.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have been told that it is
much higher; but as to the argument that this tax
will operate against the production of whisky, I
have no kind of fear of that. If you allow a draw-
back when it is exported to a foreign country, I
do not think the tax will affect the production or
consumption. I do not want to have anybody
come to me to argue as to whether this will de-
crease the consumption. Anybody that knows
anything about the price of liquors in these days,
knows that a tax of twenty-five cents a gallon on
whisky will never diminish the consumption. It
will never increase the price to the consumer as
much as a quarter of a cent a glass.
Mr. SUMNER. So I have understood.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is pretty much all profit
now. [Laughter.] I have often said that those
of us who an; in the habit of practicing these vices
never ought to say anything about the taxes.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. They are in favor of the in-
creased tax; are they not? [Laughter.]
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know. 1 am one
of them. I own up that I take a little, and I am
in favor of a large tax on whisky and tobacco. I
happen to use diem both, and I do not believe I
shall get any less tobacco for a half dime in con-
sequence of the tax than I do now. 1 hope the
increase, will be made* As to the diminution of
the distillation, it is preposterous to believe that
a tax of twenty-live cents would affect the distil-
lers. If you put a drawback on the whisky that
is exported, our distillers can go into the marts
of the world just the same as they can to-day,
when there is no tax. The tax is put on the con-
sumption of the country, and, as the Senator from
Massachusetts irmarked, if it would reduce it
sonic, it would be the greatest blessing of the bill.
Eat I will not deceive anybody by saying that it
will ieduce it, fin I do not think it will.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Rhode Isl-
and says the increased tax will not reduce the con-
sumption, but I believe he agrees with me that it
will increase the iv\onue.
Mr. SIMMONS. Greatly.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it seems to mc it is the
very tax for us to impose.
Mt. MeDOUGALL. I was in the committee
in fuvcu of the tax as .suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and I will now make one or
two observations that I think ought to govern our
action in this matter. It has been proved by past
expeiience that taxation on this subject anci cor-
lesponding subjects by tariffs has nothing to do
with the consumption. Thar is a thing that was
ascertained by the operation of our tariff of J 8-1(5,
a war muff, when we increased the duties one hun-
dred and one hundred and fifty per cent, upon tins
class of importations. It did not affect importa-
tions.^ Tho consumption of this auiele will not
be affected by the amount of taxation. It may
be somewhat influenced in point of time, as the
Senator from Ohio has suggested. I think that
the article taxed will bear a tanff of thirty-five
cents instead of twenty cents, and I was in com-
mittee in favor of twenty-five cents. As the Sen-
ator Aom Ohio, with whom I differ on many of
these questions, has stated that the committee
were divided, I may say that a majority of the
committee were against this entire bill, and the
principle that he advocates.
The amount of consumption will be the same
whether this tax is fifteen, twenty, or twenty-five
cents. Tne gentleman speaks authoritatively of
the amount on hand because he represents Ohio,
a country where they produce a great deal of raw
whisky. He says there is six months', or there
may be twelve months', stock on hand. Now I
wish* to say to the Senate that that is a business
impossibility. There is so much corn that the
farmers have to sell, there are so many distilleries
that have to work, and it is not in the category of
things that there can be an advanced trade to that
extent. It is not possible. There probably is
not supply enough—and I speak with something
of the head-of a merchant as well as something
of the head of a lawyer—there is not, by possi-
bility, supply to answer two months' demand.
That all men who understand commerce must
understand. The demand continues somewhat
uniform, because there was just as much whisky
made and sold at fifty cents a gallon as is now
made and sold at eighteen cents a gallon.
We can afford to tax it at twenty-five cents as
well as twenty cents, except for this reason: the
House of Representatives said fifteen cents, and
the Senate, by their committee, have said twenty
cents. They have said that to the country. They
have so informed -business men, and they ought
not to be hurt by changed action, unless the former
action is really wrong. I surrendered my opin-
ion in committee in favor of a high tax, for the
reason that I thought it was as well to make as
few changes as possible, because we have no more
right to rob the trader ill New York, or Cincin-
nati, or St. Louis, or Chicago, or San Francisco,
by inconsiderate legislation changing our position,
than we have to rob a man on the high road. We
ought carefully and considerately to try and pro-
tect all men engaged in trade; and in the particu-
lar trade about winch wc are transacting business
and milking laws we have advertised the country,
the House of Representatives, first, that the tax
would be fifteen cents, and the Senate that it
would be twenty cents. That has gone through-
out all the land, and property is held by millions
upon the basis of what has been thought to be
the best considered opinion of the House and the
Senate thus far. It would be unwise to change
our position, and would do great wrong to men
engaged legitimately in commerce; for 1 hold that
the man who engages in this business as a matter
of commeice has just the same i Jght to protection
as if he was dealing in cotton, or in tobacco, or
in sugar, or in any other article of trade. Further
than that, about the proposition which the Sena-
tor from Ohio wishes to have considered 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
from California that the Senator from Ohio is will-
ing to waive that for the present, and let the ques-
tion be now simply on the increase.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Very well, then, I will
wait for the lime to remark on that. I will now
say simply that we should not disturb the calcu-
lations of business men. They are outside of us.
Men will speculate. We cannot prevent it. Gen-
tlemen talk about speculatois in whisky. Why,
sir, all men who adventure in merchandise are, 10
a certain extent, speculators. Adventure means
speculation, and every man who sent his freight
on the high seas in old times called itan adventure,
and ti usted to Providence and his good fortune for
the return. I say that in this matter, as in all other
matters, men have a right to adventure their judg-
nunt; and what do they predicate iheir judgment
upon? Upon the first cost of the article, its trans-
portation, the exchanges, its relation to thegeneial
course of business, and then, if Government inter-
\enes, what Government will do. Government
has spoken pretty authoritatively on this ques-
tion, and men have trusted to that. Now, nave
we a right to say, by way of ignominy or by way
of opprobrium, that a man is a speculator because
he dare venture upon his judgment as to what we
shall do, \\c having said by our best authority
what we proposed to do? I say not, and I trust
th it we shall not be deceiving the country in a
large interest, by ignoring what the best counsels
of the House of R'ptesentatives and the Senate
have said in a little matter of trade. 1 am for rais-
ing this tax, but not now. I voted for twenty-
five cents in committee; I will vote for thirty-live
cents hereafter, i proposed to make an ascending
scale, and rise to thirty-five cents, which T think
is the maximum; hut it was considered unwise by
the committee to put that here* and they preferred
to change the law whenever we should be ready
to do so, and raise the scales—next winter, per-
haps. I proposed an ascending scale of five cents
every six months,until it reached thirty-five cents;
but it was thought that that would lead to specu-
lation, and that this was sufficient for the day.
My own impression is that we had better treat the
subject as we have reported it.
Mr. SIMMONS. One word. I do not mean
to protract the debate. There is force in what
the Senator says about adhering to some system,
but he talks about injuring merchants. I think it
would be difficult to point out anybody who can
be injured by raising this tax five cents, because
if men speculate upon the article it would only be
putting five cents more in their pockets.^ I think
the country have had no right to form a j udgment
as to what would be done in regard to this matter.
All that they have seen was that, as the bill came
from the House of Representatives, it put this
tax at fifteen cents, and that our committee pro-
posed to make it twenty cents. And they had no
right to suppose that it might not go from the
Senate at twenty-five cents, upon the principle ad-
vocated by the Senator from California, of an as-
cending scale.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I have not advocated
that principle here. 1 said that I had suggested
the proposition and withdrawn it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I only spoke of the damage
likely to be done by the increase. I can conceive
of no class of men who can possibly be injured
by an increase of this tax, because if men have
got whisky on hand, the increase will not destroy
its value, but rather appreciate it. Everybody
must know that if it has any effect, it will be to
make them better off, whether they are distillers
or merchants, and therefore you have nothing to
do but to say whether this is too big a tax at
twenty-five cents for the revenue. 1 do not think
it is too laigc at twenty-five cents, and I shall
therefore vote for that proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I find upon reference to the
tables of British taxation, that I stated about the
average rate of the whisky tax, although not the
average of the tax on spirits, taking it in gross.
Certain classes of spirits are taxed at one shilling
and tenpence a gallon, others at three shillings
and sevenpence, and some as high as eight shil-
lings.
Mr. SIMMONS. I thought so.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 took about the average
between; although probably the general average,
if you take the whole consumption, is much
larger.
Mr. SIMMONS. The average is about £1 33.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say one word
moie. I notice in a Cincinnati paper just laid on
my table, that whisky now is dull at nineteen
cents a gallon. The stock on hand is so large that
it is worth now but nineteen cents a gallon, and as
a matter of course after the 1st of July no whisky
will be manufactured until it is worth at least
thirty-two cents a gallon, if we adhere to the duty
fixed by the House bill. The intrinsic value of
whisky is fifteen to seventeen cents. Nor will any
whisky be manufactured after the 1st of July, if
you adopt twenty cents as the rate of tax, until
the price rises to thirty-five or thirty-seven cents
a gallon. It is now but nineteen. Though there
is a certainty that, whisky must go up to at least
thirty-two or tint ty-three cents a gallon before the
supply is exhausted, the stock on hand is so large
that the present price is but nineteen cents a gal-
lon. The holdeis of the whisky on hand all know
that a duty of at least fifteen cents will be put on
each gallon manufactured after the 1st of July,
and that then the whisky will be woith at least
thirty-two cents a gallon unless the large supply
on hand prevent its speedy sale.
I merely quote this fact to show the danger of
increasing this tax. The stock on hand is now
so very large as to have depreciated the price even
when they know it will be raised by our future
tax; and if we nowincrease that tax,as a matter
of course the effect to the Treasury will be delayed
much longer. We shall not get any revenue at
II all from the manufacture of whisky after the 1st
of July until the whisky on hand has risen in mar-
11 ket value to about thirty-five cents a gallon.
!i Mr. MeDOUGALL. Allow me to ask aques-
