TEES CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
relief of Susan Dixon-, widow of Joha Dixon,
■deceased.
The bill provides simply for the correction of
an error. It was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and beingengrossed, it was a&
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr- VERR.EE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PHILIP LANSDALE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back Senate
bill (No. 392) for the relief of Philip Lansdale,
surgeon in the United States Navy.
The bill provides for the payment of the differ-
ence between the pay of a surgeon and that of an
assistant surgeon.
Mr. CALVERT. I will detain the House but
a few moments in explanation of this bill. A sim-
ilar bill passed this House and went to the Sen-
ate, where it was laid over for the want of certain
papers. Since then the Senate have again taken
up the matter, considered it fully, and passed the
bill which they have sent to us, and which is now
pond in?.
Mr. A. CONKLING. Was the bill passed
at this session by the House?
Mr. CALVERT. It was.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. This is a bill
which passed this House several weeks ago, aftet-
having been before the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and thoroughly investigated. It went to the
Senate,and was reported on adversely by the com-
mittee fn that body. Immediately aftcrwaids it
was reconsidered, and this bill was passed and sent
to this House. It has been recommended by the
Secretary of the Navy, and in proof of that fact
! ask tho Clerk to read the letter which I send to
his desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy Departmcnt, July 9, 1862.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of vour
Setter of the 9th instant, inclosmgn bill for the relief of Sur-
gcon Philip lj.'uis?dalo,rt da&Mngth*j opinion of the Depart-
ment with respect to hist claim.
it is wot the practice of the Department to order officers
to perform the duty of a higher grade, because an act of
Congress deprives it of the power of allowing them the cor
(responding pay. But the exigencies of the service required
that Dr. Lansdale should be ordered to perform the duty of
« surgeon o  board the John Adams, and, having performed
it for the time mated in the claim, the Department considers
him equitably entitled to the pay.
The papers inclosed by you are herewith returned.
1 am, respectfully, your obedient pervont,
GIDEON WELLES.
Hon. John P. Hale, C/utirman of the Committee on Naval
•tiffuirSf United, Slates Senate,
Mr, TRIMBLE. I make the point of order,
that as the bill makes an appropriation, it must,
under the rules, have its first consideration in a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
MARITIME RIGHTS.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, to which was referred the resolution of Mr.
Blair, of Missouri, in relation to intervention by
France in the affairs of this nation, as well as sev-
eral other papers, reported a joint resolution in
relation to maritime rights; which was read a first
and second time, and ordered to be printed, and
its furtherconsideration postponed until the third
Monday in December next.
DR. WILLIAM TRKAYITT.
Mr. COX, from the same committee, reported
•a bill {'or the relief of Dr. William Treavitt; which
was tread a first and second time.
Mr. F, A. CONKLING. That hill makes an
appropriation, and must^o to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. COX, I ask the gentleman from New York
to withdraw his objection until I shall make a brief
statement of the facts in this case.
Mr. P. A. CQN.KLING. 1 withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. COX. This bill was peculiarly under the
charge'of my friend from New York [Mr. Pome-
who was unanimously authorized by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report it to the
House, and to ask that it be put on its passage.
He drew up an elaborate report in the case, which
was placed in his desk for my use. The Door-
keeper, unfortunately, sent all of his papers home,
that reportamong the others; but I am very well
informed of the facts involved, and I will state
them for the information of the House. This
bill was authorized to be reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign "Affairs, in order that Dr. Trea-
vitt might receive the balance of pay due him as
United States consul at Valparaiso. It is neces-
sary for the purpose of enabling him to settle his
accounts at the Treasury Department.
The reason why he has not been paid hereto-
fore is simply this: he had a difficulty with the
Chilian Government, and he was dismissed by
thatGovernment; but the United States authorities
thought that he had been wrongfully dismissed.
General Cass, the then Secretary of State, as well
as the President of the United States, held that
he had a right to be at his post. He was forbid-
den to leave his post. About the same time his
house was burned down, which fact I state to
show that he is entitled to our sympathy. When
he was compelled by our Government to remain
at his post, he did what any good physician would
do. He opened a hospital, and paicl out his own
money for the purpose of taking care of the sick
sailors belonging to the United States. After-
wards he presented his accounts of these ex-
penditures, and they were allowed and paid by
the Government. When, however, the officers
came to settle his salary account, they then dis-
covered that he had already been paid the ex-
penses which he had incurred in behalfofoursick
sailors. They therefore refused to pay him the
balance due him as consul at Valparaiso. They
founded their action on the law which prohibits
our consuls and commercial agents from engaging
in tiny mercantile transactions. Butmembers will
see, by reference to that law, that it was never in-
tended to include any case like the one now pend-
ing. It certainly was not a commercial transaction
on the part of Dr. Treavitt to pay out his money
for taking care of our sick sailors; nor was it
designed by any law we ever passed to preclude
him from being repaid the money he had thus ex-
pended.
Dr.Treavittalso presented to us aclaim amount-
ing to two or three thousand dollars for cleik
hire. Thcconimittec refused to allow that claim.
He had another claim. He was transferred by
the President from Valparaiso to Callao at a time
when Mr. Clay, our minister, was obliged to
leave there. Dr. Treavitt attended to all the dip-
lomatic correspondence with that Government,
and he asked to be paicl additional salary for the
additional services which he rendered. We re-
jected all those claims, and have only reported in
favor of paying him the balance of salary due
him as consul at Valparaiso; and with this ex-
planation, I hope that the bill will be put upon
its passage.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
HUGH HOWARD.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported back Senate bill No. 219, granting
an invalid pension to Hugh Howard,of Hocking-
port, in the State of Ohio.
Mr. BLAICE. I would like to know what rea-
son there is why this man cannot get a pension at
the War Department at this time, if he is entitled
to one. if there is no law granting; pensions to
soldiers who were engaged m the Oregon war, it
is not the right way to do justice by passing bills
for special cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. This man has been disabled
in the service, and there is no sort of doubt that
he is entitled to the pension which this bill pro-
vides. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ELY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter-motion was agreed to.
LEOPOLD SCHNEIDER.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of Leopold Schnieder, asking for an invalid
pension; which was laid upon the table.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr> SARGENT, from the Committee on Ex*
penditures on the Public Buildings, reported the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures on the
Public Buildings, who were " instructed to inquire into tiie
probable cost ot the Treasury building extension, the Cap-
itol extension, the manner m which the wotk is done or
being executed; whetherthe original designs are being car-
ried out or not, and whether the several contracts pertain-
ing thereto are being faithfully performed; and also whether
the same objects cannot be attained with loss expense to
the Government; and aleio whether the officeis of the Bu-
reau of Construction are, in the judgment of the commit-
tee, qualified to discharge the duties thereof properly, and
whether they have done so or not; and thai said committee
investigate and report to this House such facts in relationto
the several matters referred to as they shall deem proper;
and that they have power to send for persons and papers,"
be allowed a clerk at the usual rate of compensation, not
to exceed four dollars per day, from the 11th of February,
1862.
Mr. SARGENT. I will simply state that the
committee this morning made their report. It is
a very voluminous one, and much time and labor,
were expended in its preparation. A great deal
of testimony was taken, and the matters contained
in the report are worthy the consideration of the
House. We ask that the committee may be allowed
a clerk, who shall receive pay for the time he was
employed. I think the request is eminently just,
and I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
rfiain question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the resolution to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERRY E. BROCCHUS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to take up the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House, day before yester-
day,laid upon the table joint resolution (No. 80)
for the relief of Perry E. Brocchus.
Mr. TRIMBLE moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The motion was put, and no quorum voting,
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
Pending which, on motion of Mr. MA YNARD,
(at four o'clock and five minutes, p.m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 11, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
MEMORIAL.
Mr. POWELL presented the memorial ofPerry
E. Brocchus, praying compensation for services
as associate justice of the supreme court for the
Territory of New Mexico; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 511) to amend an act entitled "An
act to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale
of the public lands in the United States," approved
May 30,1862—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 523) to promote the efficiency of the
corps ofengineers and of the ordnance and quarter-
mastei's departments, and for other purposes—to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 562) for the relief of the estate of
Joseph Wheaton,deceased—tq the Committee on
Claims.
~\A joint resolution (No. 81) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to expend, from a fund in
the United States Treasury belonging to the Win-
nebago Indians, the sum of $50,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary for the benefit of said
Indians—to the Committee on Indiar^Affairs.
A bill (No. 84) for the relief of pre&mptors in
the home reservation of the -Winnebagoes, in the
