1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOB
am. There is no man more ready to pursue to
the utmost extremity, by any remedy which this
House may afford, or the legislation of the coun-
try may afford, anybody in office or out of office
who, in this our time of distress, has been guilty
of an attempt to plunder the Treasury', than I am*.
But I will yield to no such clamor nor weigh any
such argument in a case where, upon the facts
which are elicited, there is no pretense whatever
that there has been any fraud; when the accused
has had no earthly opportunity to answer in rela-
tion to it; and when the committee come before us
and say that, instead of pursuing the investigation
until they should learn the facts, they studiously
and carefully avoided asking for information in a
quarter—which they confess to be honest—where
the information exists.
I say that no clamor about other fiauds and
other contracts with other Depaitments of the
Government shall drive me from the naked ques-
tion which this particular appropriation brings to j
the consideration of the House. Now, 1 know
that' this war is costing not only money, not only
treasure, but it is costing blood. I shall be glad
to save the nation what of blood, I shall be glad
to save the nation what of money, it is possible
in evfery prudent way. But while I say this, I
will not be driven, I trust, even by such clamor,
from yielding to the Government, while its mem-
bers stand unimpeached before us, that cordial
and hearty support which I think they deserve.
I will not be driven fiom yielding them all the
money which is necessary to carry this war for-
ward to a successful conclusion. It may beggar
us; it may entail a load of debtupon ourchildien;
but money nor blood shall stand in the way of
bringing this rebellion to an end, at least so tar as
my vote is concerned; no, nor any thing else, not
delicacy about meddling with questions which
might in the judgment of some be as well let alone.
I shall be for prosecuting this war at any cost, at
any expense; and 1 shall go for prosecuting it in
such a way, by such instrumentalities, as 1 think
can be used to advantage in bringing it to the
speediest and most certain conclusion.
Now, what I object to in iogard to this argu-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts is,
that he seeks to prejudice this Department of the
Government by telling what he has found out in
reference to anothei Department. Iaskthe ques-
tion of the gentleman here, m his place, whether he
thinks that any officer of the Treasury implicated
in this appropiiation has had anything whatever
to do, directly or indirectly, with any of the fraud-
ulent contracts which he has enumerated?
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman desire an
answer?
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 do.
Mr. DAWES. \ am happy, whenever the op-
portunity is afforded, to do justice to anybody,
and certainly to acquit them of any imputation
of fraud. It does not occur to me now that any
other evidence taken in my presence at all impli-
cates the subordinate officers of the Department
in any particular details of Hip matters which I re-
counted this morning. My object in recounting
them, if my friend requires that, was just this: it
was to let the House look the sober facts in the
face, and put to themselves the question whether
they will scrutinize the details of these appropria-
tions. And I concluded by saymg that this ap-
propriation stood in a doubtful shape, both fiom
the testimony of a witness about whom no one can
say or offer anything that is known here to cast a
shadow of reproach, and also from the fact that it
proposes to pay for this service double the amount
estimated for by the Secretary of the Treasury in
July last. That is why I put it in connection with
the'other, to put the House, if I had the power,
to thinking soberly and earnestly, and to apply
themselves to these matters industriously, with a
sense of justice to everybody.
Mr. SEDGWICK. My honorable friend has
a happy faculty of making a speech always when
I ask him a question, about ninety-nine one hun-
dredths of which have no sort of application to
the question that is addressed to him. Now,
what 1 desire to put the House thinking about is,
not the beef contracts, or the hoi se contracts, but
the contract for the engraving of these Treasury
notes, and to put them to considmng whether
there is any evidence whatever of any fraud on
the part of anybody connected wnh that contract.
The gentleman says that he desires the House to
examine. Now, I wish to put it to that gentle- 1
man, whether this committee had not full power
to send for persons and papers, and to examine
witnesses to find out every circumstance connected
with this contract, which the papers announce
fraudulent? Their attention was called to it on
the 30th day of August last. They remained en-
tirely quiet. They rested upon the testimony of
this custom-housc officer—for I find that he has
found his proper resting-place in the custom-
house. He has discharged his duty to the com-
mittee as a witness, and has reached the haven of
all good witnesses—the custom-house. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mrr MAYNARD. Permit me to say a word.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Not at present.
On the 30th day of August the committee ex-
amined this witness and were put in possession
of these facts, and yet from that day until this
appropriation was brought before the House they
have not calicd a witness, they have not asked a
question, they have not even asked an explana-
tion from the men who made the contract, nor
from the men with whom the contract was made,
nor from any of the officers implicated by the
statements of this witness; but they have come
here and endeavored to have the House infer that
there was fraud in the contract upon what I pro-
nounce to be the most baseless evidence ever
brought before a court of justice, or anywhere
else, to convict a man of crime.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman did me the honor
to listen attentively to what I said, but still he failed
to hear me, when 1 stated to him that it was not my
fault that I was not able to lay before the House
this morning the contract and all that had been
done under it—all that has been paid, and all that
has been done—for I had striven faithfully up to
the hour of the session of the House to lay it be-
fore this House, with a determination, if I should
find any thing to satisfy me that I was doing injus-
tice, to make reparation.
Mr. SEDGWICK. And yet, Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman keeps quiet from the 30th of August
until aftei he has made his attack upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and then, not for the pur-
pose of doing justice, but for the purpose of an-
swering a speech in the House, he goes to the
Treasury Department. From the 30th day of
August until last Fnday he had no cunosity to
know whether there was fraud in this contract;
but when his committee is attacked for having
superficially porfot med its work m this respect,
whatever it may have done in otheis, he seeks
information from the Treasury. If the House will
allow me, I will ask to have printed—for 1 have
sent for it to the Treasmy Department; i haveas-
sumed to send for it, although it was not my busi-
ness—the contract and the letter of the Assistant
Treasurer at New Yoik,in which he explains the
way in which it was made, and the evidence that is
; in the possession of the Secretary of the Treasury
in regard to it. I do notfuar that they shall see the
light, for I undertake to say that they will show
that this work has been made with care, made with
the proper persons, through the proper agency,
and upon fair and reasonable terms. When we
get the facts it will be seen that there is not onu
word in the testimony of this man Hopkins that
will, in the judgment of impartial men, impeach
that transaction for one moment. What I com-
plain of is, that this committee hove rented upon
the testimony of one witness, and have never
brought this matter to the attention of the Depart-
ment until after their speeches have been made
and gone to the country, accusing the Department
of conniving with men to pi even t fair competition
for work, if not of absolute, fraud and corruption.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentleman willpermit
me to ask him a single question. This appropri-
ation is an important one, and ought not to bo
stricken out except for good reasons: and I want
to know from the gentleman whether he has in-
formed himself personally as to the contiaef for
the engraving, printing, and prepanng of these
Treasury notes, so as to be satisfied that no more
was paid than is ordinarily paid for similar work
done for the Government or for corporations?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am assuied by gentle-
men who ought to know, and do know, that the
work is done fifteen per cent, cheaper than such
work has ever been done foi the Government be-
fore, and that it is not an extravagant contract in
any form or way whatever.
Mr; MAYNA&IV Thatis the business 6'efore
the House now for inquiry.
Mr. DAWES. I am not disposed to put ftiy
opinion against the gentleman from New York.
I only want to inquire of him whether sucli a
contract was ever made before to engrave and print
any such number of Treasury notes, He says
that the Government pays these men predisely the
same sum for engraving and printing these Treas-
ury notes that is paid for engraving a few hun-
dred notes for a bank; and then upon that you
pile thousands and thousands of copies; and it is
the printing of thousands and thousands of copies
that has put into the treasury of these companies
a most enormous and fabulous amount of money \
for the amount of work they have done. While
it may be true that these men have been paid fifteen
per ccnt. less than they would do the same work
for a bank when they were not' expected by the
bank to print one twentieth of the number of
notes they are expected to print for the Govern-
ment; it is also true that the practical opera-
tions of this contract, which the men who made
it seem to mc to have comprehended, by the print-
ing over and over again after the engraving was
made, is, that this enormous sum has been used
up, and we are called upon to pay a deficiency.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I understand this subject
coriectly—and if I do not, I will be set right by
the gentlemen who have better means of inform-
ation— the expense of engraving, in the first place,
is the plate, which is the same whether one hun-
dred copies are to be stricken off or one hundred
thousand copies. Then there is the expense of
printing. These notes are printed upon small
pieces of paper by piesses of a very small and
primitive construction; and it costs thirty times
as much to print thirty million copies as it does
to print one million. That I understand to be the
nature of this kind of work. So it seems to mc
that the inquiry of the House should direct itself
as to whether this work has been done upon rea-
sonable terms, or upon such terms as are ordi-
narily paid for similar work performed either for
the Government or for other parties.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not care to take part in
this debate, for I am utterly indifferent what ac-
tion the House shall take on this amendment. It
seems to be the belief that this whole appropriation
has been applied alone to pay these engravers.
That is not so. By reference to the law it will
be seen that not only those §50,000,000 of notes
were to be printed, but bonds were to be engraved
and printed to the amount of $250,000,000, and
the expense to be paid out of this appropriation—
not only the expense of engraving and printing,
but the expense of agents, of cutting the bonds
and notes, and many other things of a like char-
acter. So that, in truth, even the largest part of
this appropriation is not for the engraving of these
notes.
Mr. SEDGWICK. In regard to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and also
the question addressed to me by the gentleman
from Tennessee, I have this to say: I did not in-
quire as to the comparative cost of the work by
the engraveis and printers, but I was assured by
authoiity I deem reliable that it is at least fifteen
per ccnt. less than the Government had been in
the habit of paying for the same work.
Now, it is true that many impressions, in the
ordinal y business of printing, may bo made with-
out much additional cost between a large number
and a few. But in rcgaid to this particular de-
scription of work, as anybody of ordinary judg-
ment win see, it is necessary that these plates,
which are of very fine lines and of the very highest
style ofongravmg, must Iv kepteontinually sharp
and in order, and must be occasionally pricked
up in order to give a clear impression to every
single note printed. Otherwise they are useless,
and cannot be used.
If I had been upon the gentleman's committee,
I might have cross-examined this gentleman who
gave me the information, to see whether there
was not some mistake about it, hut I did notdecm
it mv duty; we have set a sharp set of men at #
work to do this business. But what I complain
of i.*>, that in the huiry to examine beef contracts
and shoe contiacts, having disposed of Wood,
they did not pursue the subject at all; that they
come here, and the first intimation the Secretary
of th'> Treasury has is that he is accused, upon
Hopkins's evidence, of having done wrong in
