1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1325
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message from
the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, an-
nounced that the Senate had passed a bill for the
relief of James Pool, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union then resumed its session, and proceeded
again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to amend
the sixty-second section, by inserting at the end
of the first paragraph the words: " nor agents for
the sale of merchandise for account of producers
or manufacturers." it seems to me that under
the provision of this paragraph every commission
merchant who sells goods and has the proceeds
to remit to iiis principal, would be obliged to take
out a license as a banker, which I presume was
not the intention of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to add at the end
of the paragraph the following proviso:
ProvideJ, That any pet.-orw or firm enuring on bu<miesH
as bunker and biokei-, shall pay only a bankers Iiceme.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment; and
Messrs. Bakur and Wads worth were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 39; no quoium voting.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no quorum
present, the roll must be called.
Mr. WICKLIFFJS. I think there is no neces-
sity for calling the roll. This proposition is not
understood. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to make a suggestion.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand that the bill
imposes a tax upon bankers and also upon bro-
kers, and this is a proposition to allow bankers
and brokers to do business under one license. 1
do not think that is right. If a man carries on two
businesses, I think he should pay a tax tor car-
rying on each business. Suppose 1 am a banker;
I have to pay a license. My next door neighbor
is a banker and also a broker and does a much
more profitable business than I do, and yet he is
to be let off with the same tax that I pay ! \ hope
the committee will vote down this amendment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to answer the gentleman
from Kentucky.
There was no objection.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The, business of a private
banker is compelled by this provision to pay a
license. The exclusive business of banking is
probably carried on by very few persons. It is a
business that I do not know of m any business
city with which I am acquainted. The legitimate
business of banking is carried on by incorporated
banks or associations. There is a business car-
ried on that includes brokerage, the buying of
uncurrent money and dealing m bills, and those
engaged in that business sometimes keep deposits.
Upon ait the paper that passes through those
houses you have imposed a stamp duly. If you
impose this tax of $100 on the business of a
banker, and an additional tax of twenty dollars
on the business of a broker, it strikes me that ynu
will be imposing an onerous tax, which will tend
to diminish tin; number of persons engaged m the 1
business. The truth is, that the business of a !
broker, as connected with these piivate establish- j
ments, is much more extensive and profitable than \
the business of keeping accounts for depositors;
and if the tax weie properly regulated, the $100
tax would be placed on the broker, and the twenty
dollar tax on the bankei. But I think that it is
quite enough to make the man who carries on both
species of business pay the $100 and have both
licenses.
Mr. ENGLISH. T ask the gentleman from
New York whether he intends to include in the
woid " broker" brokers in merchandise '
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then the amendment ought
to be so modified as only to apply to bill or money j
bmkers. " 1
Mi. SEDGWICK. I consent to that modifi-
' cation. I did not suppose that my amendment :
would be so construed. I modify it so that it 1
will read: !
Any p.'isnnsoi firm-; eariymg on business as bankers and '
mone'j <>i lull biokee* &ha!l pay only a bankers license. J
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I understand that under I
this paragraph a banker is charged a license of
$100, and a broker a license of twenty dollars.
Thus, if the same man carries on the business both
of banker and broker, he pays a license of $120.
What is a banker? A banker takes deposits of
money and keeps interest accounts with his de-
positors. Does lie not buy and sell notes? Docs
lie not buy and deal in exchange ? Does he not
lend money on interest? What is the business of
a money broker? I would, if I had the power of
changing it, put the broker's license at the same
figure as the banker's license. A broker helps
me to borrow money on the street or from private
individuals, and receives from me a premium for
his service. He sells my note and gets his bro-
kerage for the transaction. It is proposed in this
bill to charge brokers a license fee of twenty dol-
lars; but if they go into the business of private
banking, combining the two profitable businesses,
the amendment proposes that they shall be only
chaiged for both the license of a banker.
The gentleman speaks of this tax being exces-
sive. Has the gentleman looked on the taxes im-
posed on the planting interests of this country?
Has he regarded the tax on tobacco?' Has he no-
ticed the imposts on agricultural products ? Talk
about $100 being excessive for a banker's license 1
Why, sir, you charge a man fifty dollars for using
a still to make his whisky, and then you tax his
whisky so high that, I was going to say, he could
not sell it. But when you come to fix the license
fee for brokeis, who suck the vitals of society, and
who prey upon the misfortunes of the indebted
and embarrassed, it is fixed at a less sum than a
man can run a still for. Why, sir, the tax on leaf
tobacco makes the land used m the cultivation of
tobacco pay as much as twenty dollars per acre.
That is not high, it is said; but a tax of $100 on
a broker would break up his business. 1 wish to
God the business of many of these shavers was
broken up. ^
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am sorry the temper of
my friend is so distuibed by the stopping of the
whisky ration.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. WADSWORTH I ofTer an amendment,
to add the following proviso:
Provided, That noothei peison who canies on more than
one lm>ine-<s m the one establishment shall pay moic tban
one tax, and that the lushest.
The objection that I have to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York is this:
the fifty-ninth section provides that—•
In evei)'ea<e \vh< le more than one of the pniMiit*, bn^j-
nft<s,oi occupations hereinafter de-enbed shall he pursued
oi caiiied on in the same place by the same person at the
same time, except as theiein mentioned, liceu*c mu&tbe
taken out loi each kind, according to the lafc-s severally
piescnbed.
The retailer in spirits and the wholesale dealer
in spirits, the retail dealer in general trade and the
wholesale dealer m general trade, and the recti-
fier, must all take out license. I know men who
combine all those businesses in the one establish-
ment, and who would thus have to pay live dis-
tinct licenses. I do not see any reason why we
should discriminate in favorof brokers and bank-
ers unless we carry out the same principle, and
apply it to every branch of business. That is my
only objection to this amendment. I am willing
to exempt brokers, if general and retail dealets
have the same principle applied to them.
The question was taken on Mr. Wadsworth's
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. HARRISON, I move to amend the liist
paragraph by striking out the words, " but not
to include incorporated banks or other banks le-
gally authorized to issue notes as circulation." I
make this motion in order that I may hear from
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means
why a discrimination is made between incorpo-
rated and unincorporated banking companies. It
seems to me that if unincorporated banking com-
panies are required to take out licenses, incorpo-
rated banking companies should also be required
to take out licen-.es.
Mr. MORRILL., of Vermont. By the bill wo j
tax the profits, the dividends, of nil these nicor- jj
pniated banks, and not those of unincorporated il
banks. Therefore, a license fee is required of the
lattei.
Air. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will state a reason which
appears to me to be quite conclusive. All the incor-
porated banks are doing business under charters
granted by the State for that particular purpose,
on contracts already made. To require these
banks now to take out license would be to impair
Mr. HARRisON. This bill, Mr. Chairman,
imposes a tax on every other description of incor-
porated companies except incorporated banking
companies. It taxes manufacturing companies,
and requires them to take out licenses'whether
they are incorporated or unincorporated. In the
State of Ohio many of our manufacturing and
mining companies are incorporated. Ana yet
under the provisions of this section of the bill,
manufacturing companies, mining companies, and
several other descriptions of incorporated com-
panies, are required to take out a license. On
what sound principle, then, areincorpora ted bank-
ing companies to be relieved from taking outali-
ccnse ? The amount to be paid for a license is in
the nature of a tax, and I think that fact is an
answer to the point of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Thomas.]
Now, sir, in reply to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] I desire
to submit that private bankers are taxed on their
profits, in the shape of income, to the same extent
as incorporated banks are. It seems to me, there-
fore, that the suggestion of the gentleman from
Vermont is not an answer to the objection against
making a discrimination between these two classes
of bankers.
Mr. Harrison's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Sedgwick's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the paragraph the following:
Nor mcorpoiafd savings institutions, wlncli pay interest
to depo-ntoif. on their deposits, and are only auihoiized to
loan such deport* and not to buy or sell notes, bills, bonds
or other s.ccuutie.s for the payment of money.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move to amend
by striking out all of the paragraph after the words
" bankers shall pay," and inserting m lieu thereof
the following:
Each year for a license according to their yeatlv profits
fot the immediately piccQdingyear,asfollows: In all cases
where s>uch piofits do not exceed the sum of$2,500,thesum
of twentv five dollar; wheie the >.ame exceed the sum of
$l,o00 and do not e.\eeed $5,000, the sum of fifty dollars;
where the -anie exceed $5,000 and do not exceed $10,000,
the bum of.^ 100; where the same exceed §10,000 and do
not exceed $15,000. the sum ot $150; where the same ex
cecd .515,000 and do not exceed £20,000. the sum of §200;
wJiero the same exceed $20,000 and do not exceed $2.5,000,
the sum of $250; wheie the same exceed $25,000and do
not exceed $30,000, the sum of £300; wheie the fcame ex-
ceed $^0,000 and do not exceed $3o,000, the sum of £*>350;
wheie the same exceed $35,000 and do not cvcced $10,000,
the sum of ,$-100; wheie the same exceed $40,000 and do
not exceed $15,000, the ?uin of $-150; where the same e\
cecd $45,000 and do not exceed $50,000, the sum of $500;
wheie' the ?-ame exceed .$'50,000 and do not exceed $75,000,
the sum of $700; and where the ssaine exceed $75,1)00, the
sum of $1,000.
Mr. BLAKE. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to know if this amendment is pertinent to
the section under consideration ? I think it is not
germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. BLAKE. One is a license and the other
a tax.
The CHAIRMAN. That is true. But the
Chair thinks the whole matter may be considered
as under consideration.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that it is impossible for
any reasonable body of men ever to suppose that
a banker or broker or shark would ever report
that amount as the profits of his concern. The
amendment, I think, is a reflection upon the j udg-
mentof the House, and therefore out of older.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of oidei.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Illinois how he ever expects
to anive at 'h-1 income tnx?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not expect
to an ive at an income tax by the reporting of any
such amounts as their profits by these broker's
and sharks.
Mi. BLA.1R, of Pennsylvania. I think, Mr.
Chairman, that this system of licenses, as ieported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, is noten-
tirely equitable. Those persons who are in the
