2286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
thirty-one gallons, and at a like rate for fractional parts of a
barrel, which shall be brewed or manufactured and sold
within the United States or the Territories thereof, or with-
in theDistrictof Columbia, afterthatdays which duty shall
by paid by the owner,agent, or superintendent of the brew-
ery or premises in which such tormented liquors shall be
made, and shall be paid at the lime of rendering the accounts
of'such fermented liquors so chargeable with duty, as re-
quired to be rendered by the following section of this act:
Provided, That fractional pans of a barrel shall be halves,
quartets, eighths, and sixteenths, and any fractional part
containing less than one sixteenth shall be accounted one
sixteenth; moie than one sixteenth, and not more than one
eighth, shall be accounted one eighth; more than one
eighth, and not more than one quarter, shall be accounted
one quarter; more than one quarter, and not moie than one
half, shall be accounted one half; more than one half, and
not more than three quarters, shall be accounted three quar-
ter* ; more than three quarters, and not more than one bar-
rel, shall be accounted one baircl.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose in line two to strike out " May" and
insert4t July."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend by striking
out in 
Mr. FESSENDEN. According to the under-
standing, tho Senator can defer that until we go
over the bill a second time. We are now acting
only on the amendments of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the ©hair was that the amendments of the com-
mittee should be first received. The next amend-
ment to this section by the Committee on Finance
is in line seven, to insert the words " for any other
quantity or," so as to read:
And at a like tate for any other quantity or for fractional
parts of a barrel, &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in lines twenty-three,
twenty-four, and twenty-five to strike out " and
not more than three quarters shall be accounted
three quarters; nunc than three quarters, and not
more than one barrel," so as to read: " more than
one half shall be accounted one barrel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the foity-eighth section, as
follows:
Sec. 48. .dnd be it further enacted, That everv poison
who, on said 1st day or May, I8G2, shall be the ownet oi
occupant of any hiewciy oi picmises used or intended to
he Used lor the purpose ofbrewingoi making such fermented
liquors, or who shall have such premises under hi-* eontiol
or supei intendence, as agent (or the owner oi occupant, or
shall have in bis- possession or custody any vessel or ves-
sels intended to be used on said premt-es in the manufac-
ture of beer, lager beer, ale, potter, or other similar fer-
mented liquors, either as owner, agent, or otherwise, shall,
fiom day to day, enter, or cause to be entered, in a book to
be kept by bun I'm that purpose, and which shall be open
tit ail times between the using and setting ot the sun, tor
the inspection of said collector, who may lake any minutes
or memorandums or transcripts theieof,"the number of bar-
rels and fractional parts ot barrels of fermented liquor.- made
ami sold, kerpmg sepai,ite accounts of the soveial kinds
and descriptions; and shall lender to-aid collector,on tho
1st day of citeh month in each year, or within ten da\s
tlwreatter, a gmieiai account, in witting, taken fiom his
book*, of the number ot barrels and Iracttonal parts of h«u-
rels ot each kind of feimented licpiois made and sold, for
one month preceding said day, or for such poition thereof
as may have elap-ed fiom the day of such entiy to said day
which shall next ensue; and shall voiifv or cause to be
verified, the said entries, reports, books,* and general ac-
counts, on oath or alliimalum, to be taken beioie the col-
let tor or soinf olfirer authori/.cd by the l.uvs of the State
to admini-tct the Mime aeeoiding to the foim leqnired by
this act wlieie the same is preseubed; and shall*also pay
to the said collector the duties which, by this act, ought to
he paid on the liquoi made and-old, and m the said ac-
counts mentioned, .it the time ot tendeung the account
theieof, as aloiesaid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to amend in line two, by striking out
"May" and inserting "July."
Tiie amendment was airreed to
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
further propose to amend in iine thirteen, by in-
serting after the word " times," the words " ex-
cept Sundays;" so as to read:
And winch shall be open at ail times, except Sundays,
between the rising and setting ot the sun, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The committee
further propose to amend in line fifteen, by in-
serting tho words   quantity or;" so as to read;
\\ lio may take any minute* or memoiandums or trans-
scripts thereof, the quantity or number of bauds, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Thccommittee
further propose to amend in the seventeenth line,
by inserting the words " orremovedforconsump-
tion or sale;" so as to read: "made'and sold, or
removed for consumption or sale," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The committee
further propose to amend in the twenty-third line,
by inserting like words 44 or removed for consump-
tion or sale," after the woid " sold."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. ThecommUtec
farther propose to amend in the thiity-thiid line
of the same section, by inserting like words " or
removed for consumption or sale," after the word
" sold."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section forty-nine, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 49. Jindleit further enacted. That the entries made
in the books required to be kept by the foregoing section
fehall, on said 1st day of each and every month, or within
ten days thereafter, be veiified by the oath oi affnmation,
to be taken as aforesaid, of the person or persons by whom
such entries shall have been made, which oath or affirma-
tion shall be certified at the end ofsuch entries by the col-
lector or officer administering the same, and shall be, in
substance, as follows: "I do swear (or affirm) that the
foregoing entiics were made by me on the respective days
specified, and that they state, according to the best of my
knowledge and belief, thf1 whole quantity of fermented
liquors brewed and sold at the brewery owned by 
 , in the county of , amounting to bai-
rels."
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. No amendment
being proposed to this section, the next will be
read.
Mr. HOWE. I want to inquire if there should
not be a verbal amendment in the form of the oath
contained in that section. As it now reads, it only
covers the liquors actually sold at the brewery, it
seems to me. Peihaps it is better to pass it over
for the present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If a verbal amendment
is necessary, I should like to have H made now;
otherwise u may be forgotten. I did not observe
any defect in the section.
Mr. HOWE. " Brewed and sold at the brew-
ery" is the way it reads now.
Mr. SIMMONS. Strike out " and"and insert
" or."
Mr. HOWE. That, I think, would be better.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin to insert the words " brewed or"
before 14 brewed;" so as to read, "brewed, or
brewed and sold at the brewery."
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps that is better.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair begs
leave to suggest that the word "either" be in-
serted before " brewed," so as to make it read,
"either brewed or sold."
Mr. GRIMES. That would not cover a case
where the articlc was sold abroad, oulside of the
brewery; and that is what the Senator from Wis-
consin wants to cover.
Mr, SIMMONS. I think the Senator from
Maine has got u right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert the
woids 44 brewed oi" before *4 brewed and sold."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the fiftieth sccii'on of the
bill, as follows:
Sfc.c.50. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the owner, agent,
or superintendent, aforesaid, shall, in case the original en-
tries leqnired to be made in his books shall not have been
made by himself, subjoin to the oath or animation the fol-
lowing oath oi affirmation, to be taken as aforesaid. "I do
swear (or affuin) that, to the bestot my knowledge and be-
lief, the ioregouig entries are just and uue,and that J have
taken all the means in my powei to make them so."'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amendment
being proposed to this section, the next section
will be read.
The Sccretaiy read the fifty-first section, as fol-
lows:
Sec 31. Jlnd he it further enacted. That all beer, lager
beer, ale. porter, and other similar tunnentcd liquors which
shall be made, and ail spirituous liquors which shall he dis-
tilled within the United Stales or the Territories thereof,
or tho District of Columbia, the duties on which shall not
have been paid, accoidnur to the tiue intent and meaning
of this act, shall be foiteited, and may be seized as ioifeited
b\ any collectoi of internal duties . Pioiidcd aluoys, That
such liqiinis and spnits shall not be liable to scizuie and
forleituie, in the hands of a bona fide purchaser, without
notice that the duties theteon have not been paid oi sccurcd
to be paid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Finance
Committee propose no amendment to this section.
The next will be read.
The Secretary read the fifty-second section, as
follows:
. Sec. 52. *And be it further enacted, That the owner,agent,
or superintendent of any vessel or vessels used in making
fermented liquors, or of any still, boiler, or other vessel
used in the distillation of spirits on which duty is payable,
who shall neglect or refuse to make true and exact entry
and rtpoit ot the same, or to doorcause to be done, any of
the things by this actrequnedto be done as aloiesaid, shall
forfeit for eveiy such neglect or refusal all the liquors and
spirits made by or for inn), and all the vessels used in mak-
ing the same, and tho stills, boilers, and other vessels used
indignation, together with the sum of $500, to be recov-
ered with costs of suit; which said hquois or spirits, with
the vessels containing the same, with all the vessels used in
making the same, may be seized by any collector ot inter-
nal duties, and held by him until a decision shall be had
thereon according to law : Provided, Tliat*such seizure be
made within ninety days after the cause for the same may
have occurred, and that a prosecution or action thereupon
shall have been commenced by such collector within twenty
days after the seizure thereof.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend by striking out u ninety,"
in the seventeenth line, and inserting the word
" thirty;" so as to read:
Provided, That such seizuie be made within thirty days.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee further propose to amend by striking out, in
the eighteenth line, the words 44 a prosecution or
action thereupon," and inserting " proceedings to
enforce said forfeiture;" so as to read:
And that pioccedings to enforce said forfeiture shall have
been commenced, Stc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee further propose to amend by adding at the end
of the section these words:
And the ptocceXmgs to enforce said forfeiture of said
piopeity shall be m the nature of a proceeding in rem, in
the circuit or distuct court for the district where such seiz-
ure is made, or in any other court of competent jurisdic
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section fifty-three, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in
which the duties aforesaid, payable on spirituous liquors
distilled and sold, or lemovcd lor consumption or sale, or
beer, lager beer, aJe> poiter, and other similar fermented
liquois, shall not he paid at the time of tendeung the ac-
count of the ->amo, as herein requited, the person or persons
chaigeable therewith shall pay, in addition, ten per cent,
on the amount thereof; and, until such duties with such
addition shall be paid, they shall be and lemain a peipetual
lien upon the distillery vvheie such liquors have been dis-
tilled, or the biewery where such liquors have been brewed,
and upon, the stills, boilers, vats, and all other implements
thereto belonging, until the same shall have been paid; and
in ca«e such duties, with such addition, shall not be paid
within thirty days from the time the said duties ought to be
paid, the collector foi tho district shall make a personal de-
mand nf the same from «mch person or peisonc, oi by notice
in writing left at his. hei, or their dwelling, if within the
collection district, and, if not, at the distillery owned or su-
perintended by such poison or persons, with some person
of proper age and discretion : and in case of refusal or neg-
lect to pay said duties, with the addition, within ten days
alter such demand or notice, the amount thereof may be
recovered by distraint and sale of the goods, chattel*, and
effects of the delinquent; and, in case ofsuch distiaint, it
shall be the duty of the officer charged with the collection
to make, or cause to be made, an account of the goods,
chattels, or effects which may be distrained, a copy of
which, signed by the ofliccrmaking such distraint, shall be
left with the owner or possessor of such goods, chattels, or
effect®, at his, her, or their dwelling, with a note of the
sum demanded, and the time and place of sale; and said
officei shall foithwith cause a notification to be published
in some newspaper, if any theie be, \v tihin the county, and
publicly posted up at the post office nearest to the residence
of the person whose piopeity shall be distiamed, or at the
court-house of the same county, if not more than ten miles
distant, which notice shall specify the aitiele:, disttasued,
and the time and place pr >posed fnrthe sale theieof, which
tunc shall not he, less than ten days l'mm the date of such
notification, and the place pioposed lot sale not moie than
five miles distant from the place of making such distraint:
Provided, That in eveiy case of distraint tortile payment
of the duties afoiesaid, the goods, chattels, or effects so dis-
tiamed may arid shall be ie tored to the owner or possessor
if, puot to the sale tiiereof, payment or tender thereof shall
be made to the proper officer charged with the collection of
the full amount demanded, together with such fee for levy-
ing and advertising, and such sum for the nece-^saiy and
leasonable expenses of removing and keeping the poods,
chattels, and effects so distrained as may he allowed m like
cases by the laws or practice of the State ot Tcintoiy
wherein the dh-traintshall have been made ; but in e.w of
non-payment or neglect to tender as aloiesaid, the said offi-
cer shall pioceed to sell the said eoods, chattels, and effects
at public auction, after due notice of the time and placc of
sale, and may and shall retain from tho pioceeds of such
sale the amount demandable for the use of the United
States, with the said necessary and reasonable expenses of
said distraint and sale, as afoiesaid, and a commission of
five per cent, thereon for his own use; rendering the over-
plus, if any theie he, to the person whose goods, chattels,
