1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
receipt of small profits, are taxed in the shape of
licenses equally with those who are receiving the
largest profits. I know that the Committee of
"Ways and Means undertake to equalize it by the
income tax; but as the gentleman from Illinois ob-
served) I do not think we shall be able to accom-
plish anything like equality by the income tax
we are to levy, and it seems to me we ought to
make some discrimination in regard to licenses;
that we ought to make some classification. I ob-
serve that in regard to hotels, inns, and taverns,
there is a classification made according to the rental
of the house. Now, why should there not be a
classification made in regard to the licenses of
bankers ? There is just as much reason in the
one case as there is in the other. 1 do not choose
to insist upon any particular classification, so that
we secure some classification which will have the
effect of equalizing, to some extent, the pressure
of this license fee.
Now, I think the great art of taxation consists
in extracting from the pockets of the people the
most money with the least possible amount of dis-
content; and if you undertake to tax small bankers
in the country towns, who are, I venture to say
now, nine out of ten of them, not making $2,000
a year in the shape of profits, the same amount
that you impose on the great institutions of the
cities which make profits of $75,000 a year, you
will produce a great amount of discontent, to say
nothing of the intrinsic injustice that will be in-
volved. I repeat, sir, that I do not insist upon
this particular classification, but I do insist upon
some classification; and if any better than I have
proposed can be presented, I hope it will be as an
amendment to my amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to call
the gentleman's attention to the fact that the great
amount of the tax that is to be collected from
bankers, as from auctioneers and other descrip-
tions of business, is upon the amount of business
done. We thought it better to fix the licenses at
a very small sum, which will impose no incon-
venience upon any one, and then rely upon the
extent of the business for the great proportion of
the tax to be collected.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Vermont whether he does not
suppose that these bankers are not better able to
pay taxes than almost anybody else? I think he
will agree with me that the industry of the coun-
try never has and never will pay six per cent, upon
the capital employed. Yet these bankers almost
uniformly make from twelve to twenty per cent,
upon their capital.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will stale to
the gentleman in regard to these bankers that they
are more severely taxed than any other class of
men in the whole country. They cannot take a
step without being chaiged for it. They are
charged upon every certificate of deposit, upon
every draft they make, upon every check they
give. Why, sir, a banker doing even n moderate
business will pay a tax of not less than §1,000. I
certainly see no necessity for making any addi-
tional charges upon bankers.
Mr. Blair's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. I desire to know if it is in order
to move to strike out these words in the eighteenth,
nineteenth, and twentieth lines of the first para-
graph:
Rut not to include incorporated banks or other banks
legally authouzi'd to issue notes as cneulation.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment would
not be in order. Ithas already been moved and
rejected by the committee.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 move to add at the end of
the first paragraph the following:
Every hank hill, note, or diaft, designed to he used as a
circulating medium, shall be stamped and p.iy a stamp tax
of one pm cent, 011 tiie nominal value theicot, and if ihsued
or paid out without such stamp shall be void.
Mr. Chairman, I am not aware whether this is
the proper place to introduce this amendment, but
I suppose it is perhaps as good a place as any in
this section, which provides for laying a tax upon
bankers. If it is the proper place, I desire to test
here the sense of the committee in regard to levy-
ing a duty upon bank notes designed to be used
as a circulating medium.
The amendment I have proposed maybe de-
fective in form; it may not be drafted so as to ac-
complish the purpose I design, but I desire to test
the sense of the committee upon the broad prop-
osition whether they will not, while they are tax-
ing everything, every necessary of life, while they
are taxing labor in every shape, also impose a
tax upon bank notes intended to be used as a cir-
culating medium ? It seems to me that of all sub-
jects of taxation, of all sources of revenue, none
ought, in the present exigency of the country, to
be made to pay so much as those who issue bank
notes, and make their money in that form. "We
tax sugar, coffee, tea, candles, soap, and every-
thing, and why should we exempt bank notes?
Mr. MENZIES. I wish to ask the gentleman
if there is not a stamp act in the bill which will
cover these bank notes ?
Mr. ARNOLD. No, sir, I believe not; and I
therefore hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. If this tax
should be laid, I would like to ask the gentleman
how many of the banks of the country would be
able to pay these taxes.
Mr. ARNOLD, If it has the effect of restrict-
ing the circulation of bank notes, we will be able
to circulate more largely the Treasury notes the
Government has authorized the issue of. But I
apprehend that when the banks are permitted to
issue a circulation to the extent of three or four
times the amount of their capital, and loan it out,
reaping the profit of such loans—when they are
permitted to do such a business as that, they can
afford to pay a tax of one per cent, upon their
circulation.
Mr. HARRISON. I should like to ask the
gentleman if he knows of any State which au-
thorizes banks to issue notes to theamount of three
or four times their capital?
Mr. ARNOLD. I am very sure that banks do
issue notes to the extent of more than three times
their specie and securities—very much more than
that. We have found, to our misfortune, that fact
to be true in my State.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from Illinois
wishes me to answer that interrogatory, I will
say that we have a few institutions in the West
within my knowledge which are allowed to issue
a circulation to the amount of $2 50 upon every
dollar of gold and silver coin in their vaults, but
not to two and a half times the amount of their
capital stock.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope that the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw this amendment at this time.
If he will look at the 103d page of the bill, he will
see that there is a schedule expressly providing
for this stamp duty. It seems to me, if that prin-
ciple is to be introduced, it would come more
properly in that place, making one of that schedule.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will adopt the gentleman's
suggestion, aud withdraw my amendment for the
present.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to strike out e< one
liundied,"and to insert " fifty," in line one of the
pending paragraph.
When the gentleman from Ohio inquired of the
gentleman from Vermont, of the Committee of
Ways and Means, why this distinction between
bankers and incorporated banks was made in the
matter of a license, the answer was made that
other provision was made for taxation of the in-
come of the incorporated banks. By referring to
section eighty, a tax of three per cent, is imposed
upon the dividends of incorporated banks, and
under section eighty-five, in reference to income
duties, the stockholders m these incorporated
banks are exempted from taxation on their incomes
to the extentof such dividends, the three per cent,
to this extent having been previously imposed
upon the dividends in the possession of and de-
clared by the banks. The tax upon the income
of the stockholder, so far as his stock in an incor-
porated bank is concerned, is assessed to the bank
and paid by the bank. Under the income clause,
the income of the banker himself, embraced in the
pending amendment, is taxed three per cent. There
the stockholder in the incorporated bank, and the
banker here referred to, are taxed each three per
cent, upon their income, and no more. Now, I
say that the thing evens itself.
The question recurs on what principle is it that
a banker is charged $100 for a license, and an in-
corporated bank nothing, because there is no pro-
vision by which an incorporated bank is assessed
or taxed upon the income where the banker is not
assessed the same amount? I think that the gen-
tleman from Vermont was right when he said that
there was no class in this bill taxed like the banks
and bankers. I think that this tax comes from a
false idea that the banks represent the capital of
the country. A great majority of the stock in the
banks throughout the country—at least it is so in
the country banks—is held not by capitalists, but
by widows and orphans, persons having trust
funds in their hands, and the farmers who save
small sums from the proceeds of their farms. I
venture to say that three fourths of the bank stock
held in the rural districts of the State of New
York is held by men who work with their hands
for their daily bread. I cannot see why a tax of
$100 is imposed upon these bankers, distinguish-
ing them from incorporated banks, nor why either
class should be subjected to the excessive taxa-
tion to which it is confessed they arc subjected.
I have moved to strike out " one hundred" and to
insert " fifty," and I hope that the amendment
will be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HAIGHT. I move to strike out the par-
agraph, as follows:
1. Bankeig shall pay $100 for each license. Every per-
son shall be deemed a banker withm the meaning of this
act who keeps a place of business where credits ate opened
m lavor of any person, fit m, or corporation, by the deposit or
collection of money or euirency, and the same, oranypait
theieof, shall be paid outor remitted upon the diatt,check,
or ordei of such creditor, but not to include incorpoiated
banks or other banks legally authorized to issue notes as
circulation.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MENZIES. I have an amendment to sub-
mit; and I think that it will come in properly here.
It has been suggested to me that regular land-war-
rant brokers should be compelled to pay a tax as
well as other brokers. I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
12. Land-wariant brokers shall pay for each license fdOO.
Every poison shall be deemed ;i laiul-wanant bioker within
the meaning of this act who makes a business of buying
and selling land w.uiants, and turnishmg them to settleis
under contracts that the land procured by means of them
shall he hound for the pi ice? agieed on for the wanants.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I suggest to the
gentleman from Kentucky that he had better with-
hold his amendment until we reach paragraph
thirteen', which provides for a tax upon brokers'
licenses. I think that street and curbstone brokers
ought also to be taxed.
Mr. MENZIES. I withdraw my amendment
to submit it at the proper time and place.
The second paragraph was read, as follows:
2. Auctioneers shall pay twenty dollars for each license.
Evety person shall be deemed an auctioneer within the.
meaning of this act who shall offer property of any kind lor
sale to tiie highest or best bidder, excepting such sales as
may be ordcied to be made by the decree, oidcr, or judg-
ment of any judicial tribunal.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike out that para-
graph, and in lieu of it to insert the following:
2 Auctioneers shall pay twenty dollars for eaeh license.
Every person shall be deemed an auctioneer within the
meaning of this act whose business it is to offer ptoperty
for sale to the highest or best bidder.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to my colleague to use the word "occupation"
instead of" business."
M i\ HOOPER. I accept that as a modification
of my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would not that apply to ju-
dicial sales? If it would apply to judicial sales,
or other official sales by public officers, then, of
course, it is wrong.
The amendment was agreed to.
The third paragraph was read, as follows:
3. Wholesale dealers m liquors of every desciiption, in-
cluding distilled spirits, fermented liquors, and wuh'n of all
kinds,shall pay fifty dollars for each license. Kvery per-
son who shall sell oi offer for sale any&uch liquois m quan-
tities of raose than three gallons at one time, to the same
purchaser, shall be regarded as a wholesale dealer in liquois
within the meaning of this act.
Mr. HOOPER moved to insert after the word
" person" the words " other titan the distiller."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out the word
" three," and to insert " ten;" so that it will read
" ten gallons at one time." It seems to me that
there ought to be some discrimination between the
wholesale dealers and those who deal in liquor on
a small scale. In the country towns and villages
there are dealers in liquor who sell to the hotel
keepers and others in amounts not exceeding ten
gallons; and I make the point that they should not
be classed with the large wholesale dealers of the
