shall, have^to^ ftiake ,the soil foe the purpose:, but
we shall- have to build ail extensive bridge and
make, a ro^uL oyer an extent of marsh in order to
get there, when the Government owns land in the
jjromediate neighborhood sufficient for the pur-:
pose,, and fast and high land also.- I .submit to
tl*£ Senate, if no appropriation is now required
for this purpose, the second section having been
stricken out of the bill, whether it is not manifest
to every man, that hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars will hereafter be required to make this island
available to the Government for the purposes de-
signed. Pass the bill and the wedge will have
been entered.
What does the city of Philadelphia ask in ex-
change for this magnificent gift? I have heard
nothing. It does not appear on the face of the
bill; it would not be wise that it should; but is
the city of " Brotherly Love" so full of kindness-
as its name implies?- So fond and munificent that
it will make a present of this island valued at
§300,000 for no earthly return? No sooner shall
we pass this bill than we shall have another prop-
osition to cede to the city of Philadelphia the site
of the present navy-yard. They want it for buikl-
ing purposes or some other return. There is a
motive for this thing; and although it does not
appear on the face of the bill, yet it appears in the
surrounding negotiations which have been set on
foot for this purpose. "We are to abandon all our
works there, all our wharves, screw-docks, dry-
docks, all our buildings, all our workshops, all
our machinery is to be removed for the purpose
of accepting this magnificent gift. If the navy-
yard at Philadelphia is notsufficiently extensive,
there is plenty of.land connected with and adjoin-
ing it on the south which can be procured for the
purpose of enlarging it, and I know that there has
been a proposition in the city for some time past
to acquire that adjoining property for the purpose
of enlaiging the yard. Lettheyaid remain where
it is; and if it is not sufficiently extensive in its
dimensions, let the properly adjoining it, which
can be obtained, be procured for that purpose.
J am myself perfectly satisfied that it would be
prejudicial and injurious, exceedingly so, to the
Treasury, for us to accept the gift of this island;
and for that reason, and for that alone, 1 shall vote
against this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I am very well aware, sir, that
there is a strong disposition on the part of some
gentlemen to defeat the passage of this bill, al-
though I am perfectly willing that there should be
embraced in it a direction to this board of naval
officers to examine Fort Mifflm, if the Senator
wishes, or any other point, for the purpose of de-
termining as to the relative value of different points.
The only purpose that I have, the only purpose
that the Committee on Naval Affairs have, is to
subserve the public interest as they understand it,
and upon the recommendation of the Navy De-
partment they have submitted this bill.
As to what may be the particular merits of
League Island, it is not for us to determine heie.
This bill does not take the title absolutely from the
city of Philadelphia; it directs the. Secretary of the
Navy to appoint a commission of naval officers
who are experts in matters of this kind. It is to
be their duty to examine League Island and the
other points that have been designated by the Sen-
ators from Connecticut and Rhode Island, and if
they can procure an indefeasible title to a sufficient
quantity of land, if they find that the soil is sus-
ceptible of sustaining the character of buildings
that the Government requires to be erected upon
it, if there is a proper depth of water at either of
these points, then they are authorized to seleetone
of them as the place for the navy-yard.
The Senator from New Jersey commented a
great deal upon the second section of this bill winch
appropriated $200,000 for surveys, piling, dredg-
ing, excavating, and building walls, houses, ma-
chinery, &c., as though it was a most cxtiaoidi-
naiy thing that there should be an appropriation
for dredging, filling, or anything of that kind, in
connection with a navy-yaid. If the Senator had
taken the trouble to investigate that matter, he
would have found that Congress appropriates fiorn
twenty to sixty thousand dollars for dredging at
the Brooklyn navy-yard; it is the only way by
which we are able to secure exit and entrance for
our vessels at that navy-yard; and there is not a
single navy-yard—I think I am coircct in saying
bo—for which theie is not an appropriation made
every yearfor dredgihg more or less^ unless it be
the one at PoEtsmoiHh;* and-there is not a navy-
yard, except it be at Portsmouth, where they have
acock bottom and-a very strong current, that there
is-not an annual appropriation made for piling, for
filing, and for every one of the items that are
enumerated in the second section of this bill../
.1 am very well aware,-everybody knows, that
League Island is not>in a state of nature suscepti-
ble of being im mediately converted, without any
preparation, into a navy-yard; nor is there a spot
on the face of God's earth that is. The appro-
priation was only to be used in the contingency
that, all other things being: equal, this was the best
place for a navy-yard. In regard to the character
of the soil there, either the Senator is misinformed
or I am. I am informed by very good authority
that there are four hundred acres of that land high
and dry. Adjacent to it, on each side except the
water front, is an extent of marsh. It is true that
it will be necessary to crect our buildings upon
piles; but so it is at the old yard; so it is at all
our yards, except the one at Portsmouth, which
is upon a granite base.
The Senator speaks about the great expense that
is going to be incurred here; he says that it will
cost §2,000,000 to prepare this yard. I do not
doubt that we have expended between eighteen and
nineteen hundred thousand dollars—nearly two
millions—on the old yard, a yard only fourteen
acres in extent; and if this yard is to be used for
the purposes for which I think it ultimately will,
and for which, if this bill passes, and the naval
commissioners and the Navy Department concur
in my opinion it will, I presume that in the course
of years there will be millions of money spent upon
it, as millions of money have been expended upon
every one of your yards. I presume there have
been $12,000,000spent upon the yard atBrooklyn.
As to the power to extend the present yard at
Philadelphia, that I think the Senator is mistaken
about. The Committee on Naval Affairs have
had an opportunity to examine that subject very
thoroughly this year, and previous years, for there
has been a call made upon us for eight successive
years, by the Bureau of Yards and Docks, to ex-
tend the yard. We have the power to buy a little
patch of land running down to a street the name
of which has now escaped me, for a very large
sum—about eighty thousand dollars; but beyond
that we cannot go; and that would only add an
acre or two, and leave us about sixteen acres of
ground in the yard; not near enough for the pur-
poses of the Government.
I send to the Clerk, to read, a letter from Pro-
fessor Bache, on the subject of this island.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Coast Survey Office, Jane 23, 18G2.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of June 21, asking my views in reg.utl to the eligi-
bility of the site at League Island, in the Delaware river,
"lor a navy-yurd. and especially as to the foundations tor
laiger buildings; and requc&ting a copy of the map of any
recent mm vey of the island and its envnons. I have the
honoi, in ieply, to s.ond—
1. An engtaved copy of one of the sheets of the Coast
Survey chaitsof Delaware bay and rivei. by wlueli you will
see the position and general foatuied of the island. On this
Mihjeet f also melo.se a copy of a letter addiessed to Hon. G.
V. Fox, Assistant Sccietary of the Navy, in ieply to a letter
of inquiry from him.
2. A tracing upon a larger scale of a map of League Island
and the adjacent main, and chart of the adjacent channel
and shoals. This s>ho\vs the cultivated pait of the island
and tlic mar^h beyond if. and the adjacent channel* and
shoal* of the Delaware and Schuylkill riveis. The pomtof
the main to ihe notth and east of the island, and the shoal
which lies off it, deflects- the current of the river to the New
Jersey shoio, and so protect* League Island in the tune of
fie-hcts and liom running ice.
3. in regard to the foundations, I send a repoit fiom Pio-
le*sor Fan man Uodgeiss. acting a^M^tant on the <Joa.-a Pur-
vey. tiom which it'appeais that within twenty leet of the
--uuace ot the i.sland a bed of white sand and pebbles us
icached, which \\ ould sei v<; as a tsafe recipient of piles oi
of conciotc inundations, and hehnv which is the tenacious
clay upon which the loundation* ot the structures of Phila-
delphia ie>t I am inhumed by the highest authonty that
piling would be rc-oited to, at* a i tile, in any ordinary quality
<>i soil fin the buifdimj* and work-> of a navy-yard upon a
iivei oi e«,tuai>; also that tile ina-sive foundation-, and works
of Fort Delaw.ue, on Pea Patch It-land, in the Delaware
river, below New Ca>tle, have been hud •-ueees'-fitlly, with
merely oidinaiv expense and without ciacking. If it is
deemed deniable to be entnely certain m regard to the
foundations fur buildings and woik*-, which aie points, how-
evei, merely among the detail* oi en!imeerm<r. it could
easily be done by .sending engineer* of the Navy Depait-
menr to make a special examination, by boring at dtfiTeieut
positions on the site
In legard to the eligibility of this site for a navy-yawl for
non-elad vessels upon which my judsmcnt h asked., I say,
withouthesitatlon. that I considerit highly eligible, in view
of the staples dfBeiwsylyamtfc'c^aLaird iron which supply
with economy.aod certainty tlief materials required; in view
of the easy defense of tWp^itiionwhich insures the safety
of the materials, the works, afid the res.ults of manufacture;
in view of the proper relation of tlic site to the ftcsh water
of the river and the salt water of the bays a°d in view of
the great perfection of the machinery, tuined put at Phila-
delphia, the facility of proeuiing competent mechanics for
the work to be done at the yard; and in. this connection,
the liberal offer of the City Couneiisof Philadelphia to pre-
sent Jhe title for the site to tbe'General Governments
Very respectfully, yours, A. D. BACHE,
Superintendent United Slates Coast Survey.
lion. J. W. Grimes,
Committee Naval Jlffairs, United States Senate. v
Mr. GRIMES. I have only one word more to
say. The Senator from New Jersey set out with
saying I had expressed the opinion on a former
occasion that the safety and welfare of the Navy
depended on the purchase of this island. The
Senator is certainly mistaken; I have said no such
thing. 1 have said that so far as I was able to
judge from the investigation I had given this sub-
ject, I knew of no point that could stand as a rival
to this place, taking everything into consideration,
its proximity to a large manufacturing city where
there was such an ability to secure workmen and
supplies; its nearness to tfie coal and iron fields
of Pennsylvania, but above all on account of its
fresh water, and the depth of water that could
always be secured there. I may be mistaken
about that, but 1 am willing, and this bill proposes
that that question shall be referred to a board of
naval officers to be appointed by the President ot
the United States, who are better capable of judg-
ing of this subject than either the Senator from
New Jersey or myself. That is all the bill pro-
poses.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Senator says that the
sole object which the Navy Department and the
Government have in endeavoring to locate this
navy-yard at League Island is>he benefit of the
public service. That is the sole object I have,
and although my motive, and what little influence
I may have to exert m behalf of the public ser-
vice and for its benefit, arc not to be mentioned,
measured, or named in the same day with the
Navy Department, or those who have chargc par-
ticularly and specially of the interests of the Navy,
nevertheless in my place hcic I feel it to be my
duty to state my objections to a measure when
I think they are sound, and the country should
have an opportunity of knowing and consider-
ing them, although it may be to the prejudice of
my own personal interests or the interests of my
immediate constituents who manifestly would be
benefited by an increased public work upon an
island in the Delaware river, when my State lies
so near it. Any increase of public works, of
course, increases the employment of artificers and
persons engaged in industnal pursuits in the vi-
cinity, and therefore I perhaps may be pardoned
for saying that if any private or sectional influence
could operate on my mind, it would be in favor
of the passage of this bill; but from my own
knowledge of the character of this locality, with-
out ever having been spoken to by a single per-
son on either one side or the other, T ain so thor-
oughly convinced of its impropriety that I have
begged the permission of the Senate to submit
the few views I have in relation to the policy of the
measure.
The Senator from Iowa says that the Senator
from New Jersey regards it as a very extraordi-
nary thing to appropriate huge sums of money for
the purpose of diedging, piling, filling,&c., locali-
ties or sites for the establishment of navy-yards.
Sir, although I may be surprised to hear that such
large sums of money have been expended in other
localities, I should not be surprised to hear of a
very large expenditure in this locality, because,
as 1 said before, from information and fiom actual
knowledge, I believe that almost every footof the
area of this island will have to be made land be-
foie it can be used with any practical benefit. The
Senator incidentally seemed to think that I was ig-
norant of the vast sums of money that had been
expended upon the navy-yards. He told us that
millions had been expended m different places, at
Brooklyn and at the old navy-yard in Philadel-
phia. I know that laige sums of money are ex-
pended upon these pubhcwoiks,these navy-yards,
but not such a vast sum of.money as will be re-
quired here in oi dor to make the ground on which
Jo expend whole millions in constructing public
' wotks afterwards. It was that peeuliur feature
, of expenditure m this case that my attention was
