2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
and may be lawful for any person exercising or carrying on
the trade or business of an auctioneer, orseihng any goods
or chattels, lands, tenement*, or hereditaments by auction,
as aforesaid, being duly licensed for that purpose, to sell
such goodsor commodities,as aforesaid,ataucuon,forand
on behalf of such person or persons, and upon hits, her, or
their entered house or premises, without taking out a sepa-
rate license for such sale. The provisions of this section
shall not apply to judicial or executive officers making auc-
tion sales by virtue of any judgment ordecree of any court,
nor public sales made by executors and administrators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment being proposed to this section, the next will
be read.
The Secretary read section fifty-nine, as follows:
Sec. 59. Jlndbc it further enacted, That upon the death
of any person or persons licensed under or by virtue of this
act, or upon the removal of any such person or persons from
the hous-e or promises at which he, she, or they were au-
thorized by such license to exercise or carry on the trade
or business mentioned in such license, it shall and may be
lawful for the person or persons authorized togranthccn&es
toauthoiizeand empower, by indorsement on -such licence,
or otherwise, as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall direct, the executoisor administrators, or the wite or
child of such deceased poison, orthe assignee or assigns of
such person oi persons so lemoving as aforesaid, who shall
be possessed of and occupy the house or premises before
Used for such purpose as aforesaid, in like manner to exer-
cise or cariy on the same trade or business mentioned in
such license, m or upon the same house or premises at
which such person or peisons as aforesaid deceased, or re-
moving as befote mentioned, bv virtue of such license to
him, her, or them, in that behalf gianted. before exercised
or earned on such trade or business for or during the residue
of the teim for which such license was originally granted,
without taking out any fiesh license or paymentof anv ad-
ditional duty, or any fee theieupon for the residue of such
term, and until expnation thereof: Proiuled altcai/s, That
a fre&h entiy of the ptemit.es at which such trade or busi-
ness shall continue to be so exercised oi earned on as afore-
said shall theieupon be made by and in the name or names
of the person or persons to whom such authority as afore-
said shall be giantod.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment is proposed to this section. The next will
be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read section sixty,
as follows:
Sec. 00. Jhul be it further cnactc/l. That on and after the
1st day ot May, 18G~', and annually thereafter, a license
shall be ukon out foi caiiyingon or ti.uis.u'ting the pur-
suits, business, occupation, or employment hereinafter spe-
(ihed ; or ilcoinineiaed subsequent to the time asafoie^aid,
at the date thereof, and to continue one yeat, at the place
or premise* to be descubed in ^ueh licence, lor caeh of
winch licenses the sums heicwitli stated shall be lespeet-
ively and annually paid Any numbei of persons cauymg
on such business in eupai tin. iship may tiansaet such busi-
ness at such place nndei such license, and not otherwise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. X think it would be us
well to adopt the amendment in the first part of
the section before going any further, and then to
acton each paragraph separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to amend the section in the second line
by sinking out " May,"and inserting "July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
furlher propose to amend by striking out the
woids, " and annually thereafter, a license shall
be taken nut for cniryin^ on or transacting the
pursuits, business, occupation, or employment
heron miter specified; or, if commenced subsequent
to the time as aforesaid, at the date thereof, and
to continue one year, at the place or premises to
be described in such license." Also to strikeout
in the eighth line the words " of which,"and the
letter " s," at the close of the word "licenses,"
and to insertfhe woui " granted "after " license,"
and to strikethe letter " s "from the word "sums;"
so that the section will read:
That on and alter the Ut day of July, 1802, for such li-
cenced anted the sum heiewuh stated shall be ic^pcetiveiy
and annuailv paid. &.c.
The amendments were agiecd to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will now read the next portion of the section.
The Secretary lead the following paragraphs,
to which no amendment was proposed:
1. Banker, shall pay £100 for each In-en^c Kveiv per
son shall he deemed a banker witinn the meaninffo'f this
act who kt-eps a piy.ee of hu^me^s where eieriits ai e opened
in lavor of any pctson, firm, oi corpouu/on, bvtho deposit J
or collection ot money or currencv, and the same, or a part I,
tiieieot. shall be paid outor remitted upon thedialt, check,
or oider of Mich creditor, hut not to include lncorpoiated 'r
banks oruthei banks legally anthnnzul to i-suo note; as j!
cneti ation, nor a-cnts tor the sale of meichandise ior ac- !l
coiu.t oj pioduccrs or manuiactuicis. '>
2. .Ulctimifris fclinll pny twenty dollars foi cacli licen-c 'I
Lvcii per-on shall be iIkiiiwI an auctioneer withm Hie
lliiMiiH.got tins artwlm.M- occupation u fa t0 offer property !
tor i>ale to the highest or best bidder. ,
3. Wholesale dealers in liquors, of any and every descrip-
tion, including distilled spirits,fermented liquors, and wines
of aii kinds, shall pay $100 for each license. Every pci&on,
other than the distiller, who shall sell or offer for sale any
such liquors or wines in quantities of more than three gal-
lons at one time, to the same purchaser, shall be regarded
as a wholesale dealer in liquors within the meaning of
this act.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
4. Retail dealers in liquor*, including distilled spirits, fer-
mented liquors, and wines of every description, shall pay
twenty dollars for each license. Every person who shall
sell or offer for sale such liquors in Ices quantities than three
gallons at one time, to the same purchaser, shall be regarded
as a retail dealer in liquois under this act. But this shall
not authorize any spirits, liquors, wines, or malt liquors to
be drunk on the premises.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose, in the last hne of this section, to strike
out the word " drunk," and insert " drank."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the following paragraphs,
to which no amendment was proposed:
5. Retail dealers shall pay ten dollars for each license.
Every person whose business or occupation is to sell or offer
to sell groceries, or any goods, wares, or merchandise, of for-
eign or domestic production, in less quantities than a whole
original piece or package at one time to the same person,
(not including wines, spirituous or malt liquors, hut not ex-
cluding diugs, inedicincb, cigars, snuff, or tobacco,) shall be
regauled us a retail dealer under this act.
6. Wholesale dealers shall pay fifty dollars tor each li-
cense. Every person vvho^e business oi occupation is to
sell or offer to bi II groceries, oi any goods, waies, or mer-
chandise, of foieign or domestic piodnction, by more than
one original package or piece at one time to the same pur-
chaser, (not including wines, spirituous or malt liquois,)
shall he deemed a wholesale dealer undei this act; hut hav-
ing taken out a license as a wholesale dcalei. &ucii person
may also sell, as aforesaid, as a retailer.
7. I'awnbrokei.s shall pay fifty dollars for each license.
Every person whose business or occupation is to take or
receive, hy way of pledge, pawn, or exchange, any goods,
waic<, or meiehandiac on any kind of pei/onal property
whatever, lor the icpayinent or sccuiity of money lent, shall
be deemed a pawnbroker under this act.
The Secretary read thenextparngraph, namely:
8. Rectifieis shall pay $-100 for each license. Every pei-
son who rectifies, putilie^, or refines spirituous liquois or
wines |>y any pioees<, or mixes di^tiih-d spmts, whisky,
l>iundy,gwi, or wine with any othei materials foi sale under
the name of wlnsk>, utin, brandy, gin, wine, or any other
name or names, &hnl! he legaided as a icctifier under this
act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend this paragraph by striking
out " $IU() for each license," and impelling:
Twenty-five dollar foi each licence to rectify any quan-
tity oi spiutuous liquors not f xceedms?five hundred bariel^
or casks, containing not more than loitv callous to each
bairel or cask ot liquor *o i edified, and twenty-five dollar
additional for each additional live hundred banels. or any
fractional pan thereof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall propose an amend-
ment to increase the amount. I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Wisconsin to it,
whether it would not be advisable that the amount
should be fifty dollars instead of twenty-live dol-
lars.
Mr. HOWE. I will say to the ehai rman that
the difficulty of imposing; any thing like a tax upon
this business is well understood by the commit-
tee, and as to the specific sum named here for this
license, it was suggested to me by a gentleman
whom I regarded as very good authority—and he
gave me an estimate of the amount that would be
produced by these rates—that it will very much
exceed the estimates made by the House commit-
tee, and increase the revenue from that source very
much. I have no data upon which I feel author-
ized to say that an increase of this license duty
would really defeat itself, and yet I am inclined
to think it is safer for us to stand upon the figures
as they arc.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire, for information,
whether, from the amount that is rectified by an
establishment of that sort, it would be likely to
produce any more if we put the license at a low
rate? Do they often rectify more than two thou-
sand banels a year, for instance >
Mr. SIMMONS. Very much more, some of
them.
Mr. HOWE. I can only say that those with
whom I communicated upon this subject, named
firms engaged in the business of rectifying, whose
license, under this rate, would amount to some
five hundred dollars a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I am not disposed
to meddle with it.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 am certainly satisfied that
we shall try to get something out of rectified spirits
before we get through. I think the difficulty was
in graduating the duty according to the different
kinds of spirits. If we make a uniform duty, I
have no doubt we can get a good deal of money.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is, perhaps, the most
profitable manufacture now in the Union, and it
can stand almost anything. I shall be in favor of
having this license increased. They make every-
thing, bran.dy, gin, whisky, every article, by get-
ting the taste of the original rum out of it, and
they sell the product at all sorts of fabulous prices.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest to my friend that
if we put 011 a duty, the price of the license is not
a matter of much consequence. We get revenue
from the duty.
Mr. HOWE. It was understood by the com-
mittee that the difficulty in the way of putting a
duty or tax upon this kind of business was, that
it was a business that could be carried on by any-
body anywhere,and if we undertook to place any
great burden upon it,.it was so easy to carry it on
out of the reach of the agents of the Government
that the duty would defeat itself, and it would all
be carried 011 where the Government could notget
at it. It is said that an expenditure of five dollars
will enable any man to carry on the business of
rectifying, and he can carry it oil in his cellar, or
in his bedroom, or even, I think it is said, under
his bed. Any place, no matter how concealed it
may be, will suffice for the purpose. My knowl-
edge on this point, however, is limited to the in-
formation given to me by others.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was under the same im-
pression; but I find that inchanging the character
of the liquor, it undergoes a redistillation, and we
shall have an amendment ready to embrace that.
The mere rectifying, putting it through charcoal,
does not produce these various liquors, but they
distill it over again. There is an amendment I
have seen that reaches those folks who want to
distill it in their bedrooms.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I would not venture to take
up a moment's time if I had not learned some-
thing about this business from a person actually
engaged in it. Although it may be true that liquor
is oftentimes redistilled, yet in the great majority
of instances in Philadelphia and that neighbor-
hood, a great deal of it is never redistilled; but
they have certain kinds of essences and certain
kinds of oils to put in it; and they make all sorts
of liquors, at all sorts of prices, out of the same
thing.
Mr. HOWE. Except the good.
Mr. TEN EYCK. There is not much good
aboutit. I know nothing about it practically; but
I know it can bear a big license, and it ought to
be imposed upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state a fact or two in re-
lation to this process of rectifying. The liquor
that is termed "old Bourbon" liad its origin in
the county in which I reside, and a great deal of
the genuine article is distilled there. It is sought
after very extensively all over the continent, from
Boston to New Orleans, and even San Francisco.
They make French brandy out of it; they make
gin out of it; and they make almost all manner of
liquor out of it, or out of small portions of it; for
it is a fact that one barrel of genuine Bourbon
liquor taken to the city of Cincinnati will produce
fiom three to four barrels of rectified whisky.
That is a fact I know; and the process of rectifi-
cation is very much that stated by the Senator
from New Jersey. They put red pepper in the
barrel; they put raw tobacco in the barrel; they
put soap-suds in the barrel; they put arsenic in
the bairel; they put strychnine ill the barrel; and
a great many other villainous compounds that I
do not now remember. They say—I do not know
for what reason—that in the selling of the article,
the Irish consumers prefer the rectified whisky
to the genuine Bourbon. [Laughter.] Ifthatbe
true, 1 think it is the most vicious and degraded
taste that I have ever heard of in my life, and I
protest against it; but if anything can be done to
prevent the rectification of Bourbon whisky, and
bringing it to the ai tide thatis sold in Cincinnati,
by tax upon license or by tax upon the liquor, I
say let it come as heavily as it can be put upon it.
Mr. WADE. I want to reflect on this subject
a little; and I think it is time that we adjourn. I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
