306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
at New York and London, and on return of goods, $10,000,
or so much thereof as may be required.
For salary and expenses of one commissioner, having
charge'ot' the exhibition from the United States trom the
1st ot' April to close ofexliibition, the 1st of November, 1862,
$2 500.
F'or salaries and expenses of two additional commission-
ers and an agent, to arrange the American division, $4,500.
For salaries of clerks, assistants, and messengers, and
their expenses, $3,OOU.
For rent of office in the palace, stationery, blank-books,
printing, postage, express charges, porterage, fixtures in the
-palace, expenses in preparing and forwarding the articles
and receiving and delivering theiu on their return, and mis-
cellaneous expenses, $15,000, or so much thereof as may be
required.
• Mr. MA.YNARD. I do not propose to discuss
the propriety of making this appropriation. If
the House shall think it proper to be made, how-
ever, I think it better that it should be made in
the form I have suggested by my amendment,
than in that presented by the original bill. Now
if I can have the attention of the committee I will
state as briefly as may be my reasons for offering
my amendment.
Mr, LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman yield for
a motion that the committee nye?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will.
Mr. LOVEJOY. £ submit the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wright reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 192) making an appropriation to
carry into effect the joint resolution approved the
27th of July, 1861, relative to the exhibition ofthe
industry of all nations, at London, in the yoar
1862, and had come to no resolution thereon.
district jail.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for tlie!)is<tiiet of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire whether the marshal of this
District (Mr. Lainon) has Issued an ouler, winch is now
in force,,to the keeper ofthe Dibtnct jail, to admit no Sen-
ator, Representative, or other person without a special per-
mit from him, or unless accompanied by lum, and to infoim
tins House, if within the proper spheic oftheir investigation,
the reason of this somewhat extraordinary and anomalous
procedure.
Andthen,onmotionofMr. LOVEJOY, (atfour
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 14, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message of the President of the United States,
transmitting a correspondence between the min-
ister from Austria and the Secretary of State
of the United States, in relation to the taking of
certain citizens of the United States from on board
the British steamer Trent, by order of Captain
Wilkes, of the United States Navy; which was,
on motion of Mr. Hale, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HARRIS. I present a memorial of five
hundred residents of the city of New York, urg-
ently imploring Congress to lose no time in enact-
ing, under the war power, the total abolition of
slavery throughout the country, allowing to the
emancipated slaves of such only as are loyal to the
Government a fair pecuniary award as a concil-
iatory measure to facilitate an amicable adjustment
of difficulties—thus to bring the war to a speedy
and beneficent termination, and indissolubly to
unite all-sections and all inteiests on the enduring
basis of universal freedom. I ask that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, protesting against the appomtmentof
a /solicitor of customs in the city of New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WILMOT presented three petitions of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, praying for the total abo-
lition of slavery throughout the country; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Michael Bard
and William M. Smith, contractors on route No.
2220, from Downingtown to Hummelstown,
Pennsylvania, praying for additional pay; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. POSTER. I present the petition of Henry
T. Cheever and others, praying that such meas-
ures as the wisdom and patriotism of Congress
may devise, may be taken for the entire removal
of that system of slavery which is the underlying
cause of the war, and they especially urge upon
Congress immediate action in the premises in
view of the threatened embroiling of this country
in war with Great Britain, so that, in order that
we may be better prepared to cope with so formi-
dable an enemy, the chief cause of domestic strife
may be put away. I ask that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
publication of proceedings.
Mr. COWAN. I present the petition of George
W. Harris, praying aid fiom the Senate to enable
him to publish a journal of its proceedings kept
by the Hon. William Maclay, Senator from Penn-
sylvania, during its first session. It appears that
there was no formal record kept of the proceed-
ings of this body during its first^ession,but that
Mr. Maclay, a Senator from Pennsylvania, of his
own motion, kept a journal, which it is supposed
on the part oT the petitioner would be valuable
for many purposes, particularly to members of
this body, and he therefore desires aid from the
Senate to enable him to publish it. I have also
a resolution which I ask the Senate to refer, with
the petition, to the appropriate committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on the Library.
The resolution was read, as follows;
Resolved, That the sum of $6,000 is hereby appropriated
for one thousand copies of i proposed publication of de-
bates in the fir&t Senate of the United States, taken from
the journal of the Hon William Mnelay, a Senator from
Pennsylvania in the Fir«.t Congress, the same to be paid out
of any money in the Tieasury not otherwise specifically
appropinited, and to bo paid on the delivery of the said
books to the Secretary of the Senate, or his order—the said
books to be distributed by direction of the Library Com-
mittee ofthe Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot but suggest, with
all courtesy to the gentleman, that the idea of
making an appropriation of money by a resolu-
tion of the Senate, not a joint resolution, is clearly
irregular, arid that I dgsire it should be amended.
IVlr. COWAN. I propose to refer it to the ap-
propriate committee, and let them make such dis-
position of it as they think proper. I have no
personal feeling in regard to the matter; indeed,
I may say that, at tins juncture, I would be op-
posed to any appropriation of money for the pur-
pose. 1 offer the resolution only that it may be
submitted to the consideration of the appropriate
committee of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be put in
the shape of a joint resolution.
The joint resolution (S.No. 30) making appro-
priation for the publication of the debates of the
first Senate of the United States, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Library. RBP0RTS 0f committees.
Mr. POWELL, fiom the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Michael Nash, warden of the peni-
tentiary, praying additional compensation for the
time he was employed with other duties, asked
! to be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject, they being of opinion that he is
not entitled to relief; which was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. No. 29) to pro-
mote the efficiency of the troops serving in the
department of Kansas, reported it without amend-
mcnt' message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
i House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 154) making
| appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
j Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
j 1863, and additional appropriations for the year
[I ending the 30th of June, 1862
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 8th instant, an act (H. R. No. 149) mak-
ing appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the year
ending the 3Gth of June, 1863; and on the 11th
instant the following joint resolutions:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) authorizing
Henry Sawyer to accept a medal.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 26) explanatory
of an act entitled " An act to increase the duties
on tea, coffee, and sugar," approved December
24, 1861.
bill introduced.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill without previous
notice.
There being no objection, leave was granted;
and the bill (S. No. 149) authorizing the President
of the United States to accept certain officers to
serve in the Army of the United States without
pay was read twice by its title.
Mr. FOSTER. I should not have the hardi-
hood at the present time to introduce a bill that
proposed to take money from the public Treas-
ury, at least with reference to the Army of the
United States. This bill does not propose that. It
may not possibly accomplish any good object; but
I think it will. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 154) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending the 80th
of June, 1862, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
contracts of the war department.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion, submitted by him on the 10th instant:
Whereas a resolution passed the Senate of the United
States on the 17th day of July, 1861, which resolution is in
the words and figures following:
" Resolved, That the Secretary ofWar be,andhe is here-
by, directed to inform the Senate what contracts have been
made by hH Department since the 4th of March, 1861, giv-
ing the name and residence of the contractors, the article
or thing contracted for, the place where it was delivered,
the sum paid for its performance or delivery, the date and
duration of the. contract, or what military supplies have
been purchased since that date, the price paid for the same,
of whom and where pui chased. Also what payments have
been made to troops called out by the proclamations of the
President since the 4th of March, 3831 ; from what appro-
puation? such payments have been made, or by authority
of what laws the warrants have been paid; whether any
and what bounties have been paid to volunteers, as named
above, for enlistment; if so, by authority of what existing
law."
And whereas the said resolution remains unanswered:
Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Secretary of War be again directed
to answer the said resolution.
Mr. POWELL. I very much wish that the
Senate may this morning pass that resolutid#.
It is manifest that the information called for by
it from the War Department is of very great im-
portance to the country at the present time. I
have been trying for five months past to get the
resolution of last session responded to. At the
extra session of Congress, after it had remained
three weeks without being answered, I was told
by an honorable Senator that the Quartermaster
General said it would take several weeks with all
the force in his office to respond to it. Yesterday
I was told by the Senator from Massachusetts, as
coming from the Secretary of War, thatit would
take seve-ral weeks with ail the force in the office
to respond to it. I hold that the Secretary of War
is in contempt of the Senate for not replying to
that resolution. If he has not the time or the
force to enable him to give the information re-
quired, let him report to the Senate and say so.
1 am tired of this thing of Senators in their places
here answering for the heads of Departments. I
think the heads of Departments ought to respond
in some form when they are directed by the Sen-
ate to do so. If the Secretary of War cannot re-
spond to the resolution because he has notthe time,
it is certainly incumbent on him to communicate
that fact to the Seriate,and to say so directly, and
not allow the Senate to receive it through the
