THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 12, 1862.
New Series No. 204.
draw the call for the yeas and nays, I will not
insist on proceeding with the special order for the
present.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw the call.
Mr. HALE. I insist on the yeas and nays
being taken.
The Secretary commenced the call of the roll?
Mr. POWELL. I wish to make a short state-
ment to the Senate, to show why I desire to have
the resolution taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No response
has been made, and the question is open to debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On a motion to take up?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to take lip does not open the merits of the ques-
tion for debate.
Mr. POWELL. I merely wish to assign the
reasons why i wish the resolution taken up and
considered at this time. A week or more ago I
introduced a resolution directing the Secretary of
War to transmit to the Senate the report of Mr.
Holt and Mr. Owen concerning ordnance and gun
contracts, and the accompanying evidence. That
resolution was so amended as'to request the Pres-
ident, if not incompatible with the public interest,
to give the information. To that resolution there
has been no response; but by some meansorother,
I do not know how, a printed copy of the report
found its way into my hands through the post of-
fice. I have the report now in my hands, and 1
desire this resolution to be adopted for the purpose
of getting the testimony and other documentstthat
evidently accompanied the report. This report
exhibits very great abuses in the Government, and
very great wrongs and frauds, in my judgment,
on the public Treasury. I will read one or two
short extracts, to let the Senate know the nature
of the transactions that are detailed by this evi-
dence 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator wili consent simply to let us take a vote
on his proposition, and put it through and get the
information, and then he can explain it hereafter.
I really hope we shall take the vote.
Mr. POWELL. If you will allow me to have
it, it is all I want. [" Very weU."]
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. By common
consent, let the call for the yeas and nays be with-
drawn, and let the bill be passed over for the pres-
ent, and the Senator's resolution be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
called upon the Clerk to proceed with the call, but
the Chair cannot restrain debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am satisfied that if the
call for the yeas and nays be withdrawn, there
will be no objection to the resolution.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw it, if there is no
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call for
the yeas and nays is withdrawn, if the Senate con-
sent. One fifth of the Senate having ordered them,
the call cannot be withdrawn by a single Senator.
"By common consent, the call for the yeas and
nays is withdrawn; and the question recurs on
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to post-
pone the special and all prior orders, with a view
to take up the resolution indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Powell yesterday:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to trans-
mit to the Senate the repoitof Joseph flokand Robert Dale
Owen, commissioners on otjjnance and oidnance stores,
made to the War Department; and that lie transmit to the
Senate all the evidence touching the contracts investigated
by said commissioners.
The resolution was agreed to.
NAVAL REGULATIONS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 348) for the bettergovernment of the Navy
of the United States, disagreed to by the Senate
and insisted on by the House; and,
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendments of the House of Representatives to the
said bill, and agree to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
204
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Hale, Mr. Sumner, and Mr. Carlile.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. FOSTER. There is a bill upon the table
that was reported some three or four days ago
from the Committee on the Judiciary, amending
the acts in regard to the slave trade. It is either
on its third reading or on its passage, and I think
it will not occasion debate. It is very important
that it should pass. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will consent that it shall be ta^en up
and be put upon its passage.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If it does
not occasion debate.
Mr. POSTER. I do not think it will occasion
debate; if it shall do so, I will withdrtiw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent the special order will be passed over.
Mr. KING. I cannot consent to anything in-
tervening in the way of the bill which is t|ie spe-
cial order.
Mr. FOSTER. I will not ask a vote, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill (S. No. 384) to amend the act calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions, ap-
proved February 28, 1795, to which an amend-
ment consisting of several sections was proposed
by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes.] An
amendment is now pending; to the amendment,
moved by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Brown-
ing,] upon which the yeas and nays have been
o rdered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senate to take
up a resolution offered by me which was laid over
yesterday, that will admit of no debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is before the Senate. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
to take up and consider a resolution.
Mr. KING. I cannotgive my consent to pass-
ing by this bill.
SERVICE OP THE MILITIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 384)
to amend the act " calling forth the militia to exe-
cute the laws of the Union, to suppress insurrec-
tions, and repel invasions," approved February
28,1795, the question pending being on the motion
of Mr. Browning, to amend the second section of
the amendment of Mr. Grimes, by striking out
the words " his mother, and his wife and children,"
in the clause "he, his mother, and his wife and
children shall forever thereafter be free."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Caihle, Cowan>
Davis, Harris, Henderson, Lane of Indiana, McDougall,
Powell, Sunlsbnry, Sherman, Stark, Ten Eyck, WiJIey,
Wilson of Missoun, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Doolutle, Fcssenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Giimea, Hale, Hailan, Hovvaid, Howe, King, Lane
of Kansas, Morrill, Pometoy, Simmon**, Sumnei, Trnm-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wihnot,and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—'21.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BROWNING. I now move to amend the
section by adding to it the following proviso:
Provided, That the mother, wife, and children of such
man or boy of African dcscent shall not be made free by the
operation of this act, except where such mother, wife, and
children owe service or labor to some peison who, during
the piesent rebellion, had borne nuns against the United
States, or adhered to their enemies by giving them aid and
comfoit.
Mr. HALE. I would a great deal rather meet
that form of question by paying the loyal owner
of slaves, or the loyal person who claims to be
their owner, compensation for those that might be
freed under the operation of this act, than io put
in such an amendment as that. I cannot imagine
a human being (and there are some people fanat-
ical enough to believe that colored men are human
beings) in a worse situation than you would put
him in by the operation of this bill thus amended.
You put him into your Federal Army and rely
upon his aid for success; and if he thinks at all,
he must think that his success will be the perpetual,
enslavement of his wife and children.
Mr. COWAN. I think the method proposed
by the Senator from New Hampshire would be a
very expensive way of procuring soldiers. It ap-
pears, according to his plan, that when a negro
slave enters your Army, either as a laborer or as
a soldier, immediately on his performing service,
his wife, his mother, and his children are entitled
to their freedom, and if they belong to loyal peo-
ple the Government will pay for them. Now, let
us see at what cost we should achieve the service
of one negro on this plan. He may have a mother;
what isshe worth ? That is the question. Puther
down at $500, if you please. He has a wife; what
is she worth ? Put her down at $500. He has
children; what are they worth ? That will depend
upon tjie number he has,and their ages, and their
value. But without counting the children, here is
$1,000 to bo paid as a bounty over and above, to
get a negro soldier into the American Army.
Where is this mania to end ? Does any man in
his sober senses suppose that the American peo-
ple are going to expend their money upon any
such project as that? It does strike me thatthose
who propose it are not in earnest. They cannot
expect that this Government should ever, under
apy circumstances, be able to put its money into
any such scheme; and yet if the Senate of the tJni-
ted States, the most august tribunal of the nation,
pledges its faith that it shall be done, how are we
to avoid it hereafter? Where will this maniaend,
I ask ? Look at the financial condition of the coun-
try now. Gentlemen talk about projects as if they
were creating a gulf into which millions might fall
without notice. I think it is time that we came
back to the serious, sober realities of life, that we
came back to the dollars and cents view, and if we
do not, we shall be very apt to be brought there.
Why not stand upon the law? Why riot allow
the law to be as it has been from time immemorial ?
Why not allow the Government to en joy its right
of eminent domain over the negro, just as over
everything else? Letthe Government takenegroes
if it needs them to do its work. Let the proper
department of the Government decide as to the
nature of that work, and if it decides that it can
make soldiers of them, for which judgment it is
responsible, 1 will not object. I do not know, it
is not for me to determine that question. It is for
the President, the executivedepai tment of the Gov-
ernment, and for his generals, to determine it, and
being a question of fact, they only can determine
it. Why not allow that to be done? If we want
the negro of a loyal man to dig in the trenches or to
do what they think he is fit to do, they have the
right to take him as well as they have the right to
take the negro of a rebel. If the man is loyal
he is entitled to be paid the same as though his
horse had been taken, or any other article of his
property, because, whether it be right or whether
it be Christian to hold this property, it is held by
law. We have solemnly agreed to abide by that
law. We have gone into partnership with these
people knowing that was the law. We agreed to
that law because in exchange for it we got the bless-
ings, the advantages, and the benefits of a great
Union which made us one people. That was the
consideration, and it is too late now for us to say
that we will keep the consideration, or that we can
keep the consideiation, and trample under foot the
condition upon which we enjoy it.
What did we enjoy in the Union ? We enjoyed
the privilege of being one, the most powerful
people on the f.iee of the earth e.s against all for-
eign people. What did we pay for it? In Penn-
sylvania we enjoyed freedom, we enjoyed the
blessings of our own institutions as we chose to
make them. In Massachusetts they enjoyed them;
in New York they enjoyed them." And we weie'
willing, and 1 think our people are willing to-day,
to allow the people of the slave States to enjoy
I theirs. We had no more responsibility for what
I they did with slavery than if it had been done in
I Russia. The law was fixed and settled, and well
