1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
or the chairman of the Committee on Finance, or
the chairman of any other committee. Prom the
care the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs seems to take of the War Office,
one would suppose that he was a kind of deputy
Secretary of War. That honorable Senator, I
know, is very vigilant in the discharge of his du-
ties as chairman of that committee, very laborious
and industrious. For that I commend him; but
I think he might allow the Secretary of War to
speak in person to the Senate when the Senate
direct that he shall give them information.
There is one part of the resolution that I hope
the present Secretary of War, before he makes
his exit from that Department-, will respond to.
It will require no great length of time. That part
of the resolution which requires that the contracts
made, and the prices paid, and the names of par-
ties with whom he contracted, might require some
labor to answer; but there is another part of the
resolution that the Secretary can answer very
promptly, and very quickly, which in my judg-
ment is a matter of the very greatest importance;
and it is this:
" Also what payments have been made to troops callcd
out by the piocJamations of the President since the 4th of
March, 1861; from what appropriations such payments have
been made, or by authoiity of what laws the warrants have
been paid; whether any and what bountieshave been paid
to volunteers, as named above, for enlistment; if so, by
authority of what existing law."
I have been induced to believe, and do believe,
that the Secretary of War has paid money out of
the Treasury without warrant of law. The Con-
stitution of the country requires that no money
shall be drawn from the Treasury except in con-
sequence of appropriations made by law. I be-
lieve that such payments have been made without
warrant of law, and the Secretary of War has
chosen to put the Constitution of the country
under his feet. He certainly can respond to that
without any very great labor on the part of his
. clerks.
One reason why I want the resolution passed
to-day is, that I see it announced in the Intelli-
gence i* this morning that the Hon. Edwin M. Stan-
ton, of Pennsylvania, has been nominated to this
Senate " as Secretary of War, to fill the vacancy
created by the withdrawal of Mr. Cameron, in
case his nomination as Minister to Russia should
be confirmed by the Senate." Before the present
Secretary of War departs, 1 wish him to say to the
Senate whether or not he hasdrawn any moneys
out of the Treasury for any purpose not in obedi-
ence to and according to the express command of
the law of the land. He has had five months in
which to answer the resolution of the 17th of July
last, but has failed to do it; and all there is in this
resolution is a respectful request to him again to
answer it, and I cannot see why it is that Sena-
tors on the other side of the Chamber are so much
opposed to the passage of this resolution.
If the contracts made, and the prices paid, and
the moneys'expended by the War Department
have been in a manner to promote the public in-
terest, the friends of the Secretary should be de-
lighted to give him an opportunity to respond to
a resolution of this kind. I noticed the oilier day
that the Senator from Massachusetts, who seems
to be the special guardian of the War Department
in this Chamber, when there was a matter up con-
cerning the head of the Navy Department, intro-
duced a resolution asking the Secretary of the
Navy to respond to certain charges made against
him. I was pleased to see that resolution intro-
duced; I voted for it with a great deal of pleasure,
because I saw that the Secretary of the Navy was
surrounded by such a state of facts, as are pre-
sented in the report of a committee of the other
House, as made it incumbenton him, if he would
protect himself officially and personally from dis-
honor, to respond; and I wished to give him the
opportunity to do so. I thought it but due to that
officer, and I can assure the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that there are quite as many charges in
the report of that committee against the Secretary
of War; and if he wishes to vindicate himself be-
fore he makes his exit from that Department, he
will have an opportunity to do so by responding
fully to the resolution which I have proposed.
I do not propose to discuss the resolution lur-
ther; but I think the Senate owes it to itself to
again request this functionary to respond, as he
has been heretofore directed to do, to this resolu-
tion. Gentlemen may say what they will about
suppressing frauds, and all that kind of thing; but
while they are averse to demanding information
of the heads of Departments that will enable us
and enable the country to see whether frauds
really exist, and to detect them if they have ex-
isted, the country will be slow to believe that they
are such precious guardians of the Treasury as
they would have us think they are. I hope the
resolution will pass.
Mr. COWAN. I should be exceedingly sorry
if this resolution, or any resolution of a similar
character, should pass, because I think it is vicious
in its origin; not, perhaps, vicious in its parts,
but vicious as a whole. The resolution calls upon
the Secretary of War to communicate to the Sen-
ate, in truth, almost all his proceedings since he
has been an incumbent of that office—a kind of
general drag-net thrown around the whole of the
proceedings of the War Office for a period of some
eight or nine months, and which would require in
order to answer it in its terms 
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will allow me, I will say to him the resolu-
tion only requires him to give the contracts, &c.,
from the 4th of March to the 17th of July, 1861.
The Senate have already passed that resolution,
and the resolution now #nder consideration is
again requesting the Secretary to respond to it.
tie has hitherto failed to respond to that resolu-
tion which the Senate unanimously passed at the
extra session.
Mr. COWAN. It is still obnoxious to the ob-
jection which I intend to make to all resolutions
of that sort. I have no doubt it is perfectly proper
for the Senate to require information from any of
the heads of Departments or from the President
himself; and perhaps it would be more proper to
make all inquiries to the President, as the heads
of Departments are not known officially to this
body, for specific information—information as to
particular items which are well defined, and which
may be answered without communicating to the
Senate matter and material over which nobody
looks. I suppose these heads of Departments make
to the President, and they are communicated to
the Senate, general reports of what has been done
within their several Departments; but that we are
to call for those reports upon all occasions in order
to sec whether there maybe something wrong in
them or not, is, I think, exceedingly injudicious
and improper. If there is any one item which
needs explanation, or which is attended with cir-
cumstances of suspicion, it is pcifcctly proper, I
think, that information in regard to that item
should be called for; but no general fishing bill,
as it is called in court, should be allowed to £0 out
in order to seek for subjects of animadversion on
the part of heads of Departments. I therefore
hope that this general resolution, which requires
the Secretary to communicate to us everything
that has been done by the War Department, will
not pass; but I would cheerfully vote for any
resolution requiring any information upon any
particular specific item which is attended with cir-
cumstances of doubt or suspicion, and the circum-
stances attending which it would be proper that
the country should know. I am perfectly willing
to vote for a resolution of that kind but not for
resolutions like this, which are in themselves
impracticable and cannot be answered by any-
body.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, who is usually exceedingly accurate, and
weighs well what he says, is certainly very much
mistaken in regard to this resolution. It does not
ask the Secretary of War to tell us everything
that he has done. It simply asks him to tell us.
what contracts he has made, the persons with
whom he has made them, and the price he has con-
tracted to pay. That is ail it does, save and except
that portion of it which I read a moment ago,
touching the paying of money out of the Treas-
ury. The resolution is very specific, and m order
to detect the frauds which, it has been charged,
exist in that Department, which have been proven
to exist by the report of the investigating com-
mittee of the House, it is highly important that
we should have this information.
I will say to my friend from Pennsylvania that
this is not an original resolution upon its passage.
The resolution has heretofore been passed. It
waspassedfive months ago by the unanimous vote
of this Senate. Why did not gentlemen make their
objections then ? Special attention was called to
the resolution, for I remember when it was first
introduced I asked for its immediate passage.
The honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamers] objected, ajid it was laid over, and was
taken up on a subsequent day, and passed. Why,
sir, we have already demanded of the Secretary of
War to give us this information. He has declined
to do it, and the present resolution again respect-
fully requests him to give us this information.
What is the proceeding in this Senate, where a
head ofaDepartment,upon whom we have a right
to call for information, refuses to give it? Is there
a more delicate form in which to proceed in such
a case than to offer a resolution again requesting
him to do it? Certainly there could be no more
delicate form to the honorable Secretary. -Why,
sir, suppose he were an officer of a court, and we
were sitting as a court, we would have a right to
a rule to show cause for contempt and to attach
him.
It is strange to me that gentlemen object to the
passage of this resolution. The Senate have al-
ready passed the resolution, and there is a head of a
Department who refuses, after five months, to give
the information; and when a resolution is offered,
again respectfully requesting him to give it, Sena-
tors speak of it as a drag-net resolution, embar-
rassing to the Department. I remember that the
Senator from Illinois, at the last session, intro-
duced a resolution, broader, I think, than this,
which was passed by the Senate.
I hope, sir, that the resolution will be adopted.
In order to fully test the sense of the Senate, I will
ask for the yeas and nays upon its passage. I
want the country to know who it is thatdoes not
desire that these Departments shall give informa-
tion when this Senate calls on them for it; who it
is that does not wish to furnish imformation in
order that the people may see and took into these
contracts about which there has been so much said.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I am not yet
convinccd that this resolution would not be cer-
tainly impracticable and impossible, and it might
he mischievous, by being told that a great many
other resolutions of similar import have been here-
tofore offered and have been passed in this body
as this one was, perhaps sub silentio; I do not
know. I have this to say, that it is still a reso-
lution general in its terms, and it is to that feature
that I especially object. I am perfectly willing to
vote for a resolution requesting the Secretary of
War to furnish to the Senate any information in
relation to a particular contract; say,if you please,
a contract made with John Smith; but I am un-
willing to call upon the Secretary of War for all
the contracts made within a given time in order to
find out whether there may not be made one with
John Smith which is objectionable. I think he
who charges upon any official misconduct, should
define wherein the improper conduct consists, and
call for such information as will enable this body
to form upon ita correct judgment. But,asl said
before, I am opposed to passing a resolution call-
ing for information upon a large number of sub-
jects generally, in order that, after that information
comes here, we may, perhaps, pick out something
which is objectionable and carp at it. I therefore
hope that this resolution will not be adopted; and
if the motion is in order, I will move to lay it on
the table.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to lay the resolution on the
table, which is not a debatable motion.
Mr. COWAN. I will withdraw it in order to
allow debate.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Kentucky
has seen fit, sir, to say that I am the guardian of
the War Department.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I said that he seemed to be, not that he was.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, the Senator modifies his
statement. Perhaps to that Senator it may seem
so; but I wish to say to him and to any one who
chooses, in or out of the Senate, to indulge in any
accusations, that there is no act of that Depart-
ment from the 4th of March to tins hour tnat I
am not willing shall see the light of the Senate and
of the country; svhen any Senator rises in his
place and asks for an investigation, or for inform-
ation concerning any contract or any act of the
War Department or any other Department, he
