3250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
understood, and I am for standing upon it, and
standing upon it literally as it was made.
The Government has to-day all the power m
the premises necessary to enable it to do anything
that any nation of the earth can do. The power
for the purpose of defense is supreme over all the
people and all the property of the nation; and this
amendment to the bill cannot, confer any more.
The bill itself is right enough, perhaps, with a
, single amendment limiting the time for which this
draft shall be made, which amendment I hope will
be made, and if nobody else shall move it, I will
move it myself. As to the amendment to this bill
to give the President authority to do that which
he has the power to do now, I see no use in it; I
see mischief in it; I see that which will make us
regret it hereafter; but it may be that the purpose
of it is, as I have reason to believe the purpose
is, to compel the President to adopt a line of pol-
icy which he hasheretoforoallalongstrenuously
resisted. If that is the purpose, I say the more
manly way is to write it down in plain English.
If the President has refused to adopt the counsels
of certain people in regard to arming the slaves,
and all this kind of thing, and they want to com-
pel him into that course, and to compel him through
the channels of legislation, I would write it down;
I would approach him at least as a man, and I
would not undertake to do it under cover of this
kind of law.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I wish we could
pass this bill or some other, anddo it during this
session of Congress. We have heard repeatedly
within a few days that there was some trouble in
our military operations, and there seems to he a
general desire to get out of it. 1 do not think there
is any great trouble with that branch of the ser-
vice. If there is any trouble I am afraid it is right
here in the legislative department of the Govern-
ment. I understand there is a question underde-
bate now in the country—I do not know but that
it has been under debate in the legislature—as to
whether we achieved a victory or sustained a de-
feat the other day down on the James river. I
am not prepared to answer the question. I am not
prepared to consider it. I do not think it very
necessary for us to spend any time upon it. One
or the other we did; we either achieved a victory
or sustained a defeat. If we achieved a victory,
we aie well enough. If we sustained a defeat,
it seems to me we had better take care not to
mistauv another. But if we sustained a defeat
down there, I suppose it happened for one of two
reasons: either that we had not force enough
in the field, or that it was not well handled. If
tho trouble is that it was not w<dl handled, wo arc
helpless. We picked out a ntan one year ago to
handle (hat force and he is there, and ho is there
for a specific purpose, and you must let him han-
dle it according to the judgment and the discre-
tion that the Almighty gave him. He endowed
him; He had the whole work m fixing him up;
we selected linn, and we had better stand by the
selection until the Constitution authorizes us to
put another one in his place, and then we will do
it; and then we can get justsuch command for our
forces as we see fit to select. But if the trouble
was that there was not force enough for him to
command, I think we had better order up the re-
serves. That is what commanders usually do
when they sustain a defeat, or when they are in
danger of sustaining a defeat, when they find a
given foice being repulsed. We have got a large
icservc. It is said we have put a large army in
the field. It is but a tithe, it is but a drop, in
comparison with that great ocean of physical
force which still lies behind us. Let us order
that up, and do not let us dole it out to the com-
mander-in-chief; do not let us peddle it out to
him. In point of fact, we have oeen a little too
modest and a little too prudent and economical
about these matters. I know there was a grave
question in dispute between tho two Houses hcie
but a few weeks since as to whether we should
reduce one branch of the military force now in
th«  field to fifty thousand or to thirty thousand,
and we stood here debating upon that question,
upon which the two Houses were at issue, until
your general otficeis ordered the whole force into
the field, and now you want three hundred thou-
sand more. Nobody is to blame for this. Things
look different at one time from what they do at
another; and none of us happen to have infallible
judgments. If a mistake has been made, do not
let'us shake it up; do not let us blind1 the nation
by fluttering a blunder in their eyes. That is not
wise on our part.
I heard a remark from my friend, the Senator
from Pennsylvania,just now; I think it was a re-
flection suggested by the consideration of some
constitutional question. Perhaps I did not speak
that just as I meant to speak it, for I do not know
but that I indicated some want of respect for con-
stitutional debate. I do not intend any want ot
respect for it at all. I do not, for my life, see how
we need to be troubled about the thing here. I
take it there is no sort of doubt but that we have
full, ample, plenary, constitutional authority over
all the force we have got. The remark I heard
him make was that we must be very faithful to this
instrument and very faithful to all its obligations,
because we were in the enjoyment of all the con-
siderations upon which these constitutional stip-
ulations wercmade. That is a mistake in point
of fact. I am not about to plead any failure of
consideration, but it is a mistake to say that we
are in the full enjoyment of them. We are sadly
disturbed in the enjoyment of those considerations.
We do notenjny them in New York; we do not in
Pennsylvania; we do not in Wisconsin; we do not
in New England, anywhere. We are sadly dis-
turbed. You have already paid §500,000,000, and
you have already sacrificed two hundred thousand
lives, and you have got to sacrifice a great many
more lives,and you have got to pay agreat many
more millions of dollars before you are in the full
enjoyment of all theseconsidcrations again. The
very thing you want is force; you want it to-day
and not to-morrow; you want it to-day, and you
ou^ht to have had it weeks ago.
Mr. COWAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him whether the compact is not still in
force, whether the Union is not still in existence,
in theory at least, as we are going on ?
Mr. HOWE. In theory the Union is still in
existence; I will not dispute that; in theory, the
compact is still in force.
Mr. COWAN. Then are we notbound byit?
Mr. HOWE. My friend knows the compact is
not in forcein fact. Bound by it? Yes, bound by it,
and bound to do battle for it to the death. That is
what I want of you. Do not stand here squabbling
as to the sort of force you shall bring into the field.
If you findanounceofforceanywhere,Idonotcare
what the shape of it is, nor what the color of it is,
bringitinto the field in the name of God, if you can-
not bring it in in the name of the Constitution. I do
not think God and the Constitution are much at va-
riance on this matter. Bring it in in the name of
both. Do notstand heredayafterday,whenevery
hour is fraught with the most momentous conse-
quences, to arrange the terms upon which you will
settle between the man and his master. Sir, if you
take any property ol'any shape with which to con-
duct this war, and to produce the result you mean
to have produced, and you must have produced, if
you take any force that you do not own yourselves,
and take it from anybody whoisacitizenof yours,
a subject of yours, acknowledging obedience to
you, you will pay him for it, will you not? If you
do not, you will steal. No matter what it is, or
fiom whom you get it, if you take it from me, or
from a man in Kentucky, or from a man anywhere,
the faith of the nation is pledged to pay him, and
the faith of the nation is not going to be compro-
mised by any manner of means. I am working
here every day on the faith of the nation. So are
you. I am taking the promises of the nation to
pay, and I rely upon them. I do not make acent's
discount. 1 take them at parall the time, and pay
' for my beard in the same way. I guess everybody
else can do as much if we are in earnest about this
thing. I do not think 'there is much danger of
anybody suffering from trusting to the nation, and
if we do not all trust to the nation, I tell you what
is going to happen; you have got to trust to those
other fellows down theie, [the southern confeder-
' ation,]aml take theirpromisesortheirjustice,one
of the two. You may have the faith of this nation
or that to rely upon and work for. I prefer this.
I prefer to surrender every man you have got, and
every ounce of material you have got, without re-
striction, without limitation, uncover the whole of
it, expose it all at once, and hold the man you put
in the White House a year ago responsible for
the salvation of the nation; hold him responsible
because you put him there for that express pur-
pose. Now, do not let us spend any unnecessary
time in haggling over mere details on a question
of this kind.
Mr. COWAN. Let us understand this, and let
us see who it is that causes this unnecessary de-
lay. Here is a bill reported to this body author-
izing the President to call into the field three hun-
dred thousand men. Who has interposed an
objection to it? Not one. It can be passed through
both these Houses in five minutes, with perhaps a
slight modification, which I do not know that any-
body will object to; and thatis, as to the time for
which they shall be called; but who interposes the
difficulty ? I inquired yesterday, is there anything
in the law to prevent the President, when he is
raising the Army, from taking any man with a
black skin or a yellow skin, any more than a man
with a white skin ? I was answered, no; there is
nothing to prevent him from doing it. Then, if
there is nothing to prevent him from doing it, he
has the authority now. If the President and the
officers he sets to work to raise the Army we au-
thorize, decide to take in black men and yellow
men, who objects to it? I do not; but what I do
object to is that we go on here to determine ques-
tions that properly belong to the Executive. We
authorize the President to raise the regular Army,
and we put no restrictions as to the kind of men
he shall take into it. His recruiting sergeants
decide upon that—not the Congress of the United
States. We do not do it. Then we expect to have
a large number of militia called into the field. Does
not everybody know that that militia is organized
and officered by the States in which it exists? If
there are States in which they propose to put ne-
groes in the militia, and the President calls on the
militia from those States, he will get their negro
militia.
Then what are we badgering about it here for?
Whence comes this delay? It comes from the fact
that gentlemen disregard the whole theory of the
Constitution and the laws, and the modes and
means by which armies are raised. We want
three hundred thousand men now. Where from?
Not regularly enlisted soldiers; but we want the
militia of the country. The Senator from New
York is very anxious to have the negroes taken.
If they have negroes in the militia of New York
and the President calls for that militia, the negroes
will come along with the rest. I am not going to
quarrel with it,and I do notknow anybody in the
world who is. Then what is this dispute about?
How is the President to get negroes into the Army
according to this bill which authorizes the calling
out of the militia? I confess I am at a loss to see;
but it is thrown in here to attain the particular
purpose, through the medium of legislation, which •
cannot be obtained according to the legitimate
modes of doing business. That is why I object
to it. I understand very well why it is put here.
It is not put here for any other purpose, in my
judgment, except to compel the Executive to re-
sort to a policy which he has heretofore put be-
hind him. We might just as well out with it, and
let the country know it.
Sir, I am in favor of conducting this war with
energy and vigor; I am in favor of concentrating
the whole force of the nation upon it; but believ-
ing the Union yet to exist, believing the Consti-
tution yet to exist, and believing we are bound by
it, I am for doing it in the ordinary, legal way,
and through the ordinary channels, consistently
with the symmetry of the Government. I desire
that we shall do our duty here; I desire that the
President and the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment should do their duty; and I think if we
let them alone they will do it. I think they have
tried to do it as well as they could: and they are
the proper judges of the necessity and the con-
tingencies upon which these things are to be done.
Even suppose that you pass this bill, there is
nothing obligatoryin it upon the President that he
should do what you authorize him to do. You
still leave it in his discretion; the matter just ends
where it was before; and we have all the division,
tho wrangle, the delay, and the debate, with all
its inflammatory tendencies, here for nothing it
just goes for nothing. The country is excited to
no purpose whatever. I say it is our duty here
to do that which is effective, and to do it without
debate and without dispute, and if we were to take
simply that which is legitimate, it would be done
without dispute and without delay. There is no
man that I know of in either House who is not
willing to vote men to any extent, who is not will-
