303
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
sh&U have my vote; and when that information is
received, if there is anything to censure or con-
demn, anything that is not honest, above-board,
and right, it shall have my disapprobation.
Now sir, ray sole objection to this resolution
yesterday was this: that it was a general resolu-
tion calling for a vast mass of information; that it
would take a large number of clerks for days and
weeks to give that information; that the Depart-
ment could not spare an hour of any clerk for that
purpose; that the War Department from the 4th
of March to this hour has been getting behind-
hand in the business of the office; that with all
the hours of labor imposed upon the clerks in that
Department, and all the aid they can get, vast
quantities of labor that ought to be performed
remains unperformed. They cannot and do not,
as I personally, know keep up their mail corre-
spondence, and on Saturday last were ten days
behindhand. The Governors of States in their
correspondence with the War Department are not
able to obtain answers until many days have
passed, and very frequently receive no answers at
all. This is all wrong, but it is owing to the want
of sufficient force in that office for its purposes.
We have a bill before us which will give that
force, but I do not believe that Department can
give this information for months. If ihe Senator
knows anything against the War Office, let him
draw his resolution of inquiry calling for inform-
ation in regard to any one act of that office from
thepresent time, going back to the 4th of March.
llie Senator talks about the corruptions of that
Department. Sir, I know nothing about them.
Mr. POWELL. I will say to the honorable
Senator that I make no charge against the Depart-
ment. 1 predicate all that I have said about cor-
ruptions on the report of the committee of the
other House and the general rumor m the coun-
try, I wish, also, to state to the Senate and the
Senator, if he will allow me, that I desire this in-
formation for the purpose of finding out whether
the charges ill that report and the general rumors
are true or not. That is the object for which the
resolution asks for the information. I have no
personal knowledge of any delinquency on the
part of the War Department, and have'made no
such charge.
Mr. WILSON. I thought the tone of the Sen-
ator was one of condemnation of the War Office,
and of complaint and censure of us or some of us
for objecting to his general resolution. Now, sir,
I say to the Senator, let him drop this resolution,
and introduce as many specific resolutions as he
pleases, calling for any special contract that he
desires to have before us, and I will vote for them
most cheerfully.
Mr. POWELL. I cannotdrop the resolution,
for it has already passed the Senate, and the res-
olution now pending simply again asks the Sec-
retary for an answer.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator must know it is
not in the power of tho Secretary of War to an-
swer the resolution with his present force. It is
a physical impossibility.
Mr. POWELL. I do not know that.
Mr. TRUMBULL, it seems to me, Mr.Pres-
ident, that there can be no impropriety in the Sec-
retary of War being required to answer a respect-
ful resolution which" passed this body months ago,
and to which he has not replied at all. It would
be certainly courteous to the Senate to give the
reply which the Senator from Massachusetts has
given in behalf of the War Department, that its
clerical force is not sufficient to answer this reso-
lution without taking them from important duties.
That would be a respectful answer; but it has not
been answered at all. Is it for the War Depart-
ment to decide for itself whether it will answer
our resolutions or not? Do the Senator fiom
Massachusetts aud the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia mean to assume that when the Senate lias
thought proper to pass a resolution that the War
Department, or any other Department, is at liberty
to reply or not? Are we to set that precedent?
It seems to me that we are, if we refuse now to
insist upon an answer to the resolution. I think
it highly proper that a response of some kind
should be made to a respectful resolution of the
Senate, addressed to any Department of the Gov-
ernment. Why, sir, tho Executive, ihc Chief
Magistrate of the United States, has often an-
swered resolutions which have been addressed to
him in this way, stating that theinformationsought
could not, in his opinion, be communicated to the
Senate without detriment to the public service, and
that has been considered a sufficient answer in this
body; but he has always thought it respectful, so
far as I know, to reply to a respectful resolution.
Is not that so? And ought we not upon that prin-
ciple to refuse to sanction the withholding of any
reply from the Senate ? "But, sir, I go further, and
I tell the Senator from Massachusetts that there
is nothing in his excuse.
Mr. WILSON. Do not use" excuse"for not
answering.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He says do not use the
word "excuse" for "not answering." What
more appropriate word could I use for not an-
swering? Does it not require some excuse from
the War Department when they refrain from an-
swering an inquiry of the Senate? I understand
the remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts
in justification, if you please—if he dislikes the
word " excuse;" for I mean to use no term that
is offensive to him oranybody else—I understand
him, in justification of the War Department for
not answering this resolution, to say that it is so
general it would have required a great deal of time
to answer it, and that the Department had notthe
clerical force to prepare the answer. When wo
weie here in July, Itheard incidentally that the
War Department had been making contracts and
purchases in an irregular way. I had heard it re-
ported in the country that the Secretary of War
had been authorizing civilians to perform the du-
ties of the regular quartermaster and commissary
departments of the Government. I thought that
needed explanation. I did not know at that time
whether these reports were true or not; but I sup-
posed that the Secretary of War would be glad of
an opportunity to disabuse the public mind upon
that question; and on the 12th day of July last,
I introduced into the Senate a specific resolution,
resolving—
"That the Secretary of War be directed to inform the
Senate whether any contracts or purchases have been made
by him, or under his authority, lor, or on account of, the
Aiaiv or forces m the service of the United States, except
through its regular officeis of the commissary aad quarter-
master's depat tinents, or without advertisement, smce the
4th day of Maieh last"—
Was not that specific enough ? It was a call upon
the Secretary of War to inform the Senate whether
purchases had been made in any other manner
than through the quartermaster and commissary
departments since the 4th of March—
" and if so, to lay before the Senate a full statement of all
such contracts or purchases either made directly by him-
self or under his authority and sanction, including all con-
tracts for supplies, and transportation by land or water, by
whom", and with whom made 5 and also whether any con-
tracts or purchase5? have been made for, or on account of,
the forces in the service of the United States, without the
authority of the War Department, and if so, by and with
whom, with such apaiticular statement in each ease as
shall enable the Senate to sec the comparative cost in each
ease in reference to former purchases of the same kind."
That, sir, was a specific resolution, directing the
attention of the War Department, first, to the pur-
chases that the Department itself had made with-
out authority of law, for they were "without au-
thority of law unless they were made through the
proper officers, and ifso, what contracts they were;
and also, whether any contracts had been made
by persons for the War Department without its
authority, and that resolution is unanswered to-
day. We have had no answer to it. Smce it was
adopted, a committee of the House of Represent-
atives, appointed to inquire into the contracts
made by the War Department, have reported a case
where was placed, by the authority of that Depart-
ment, subject to the control of Mr. Cummings-r-
a civilian—in the city of New York, $2,000,000.
At the same time, that report of the committee
shows that there were in the city of New York,
accomplished officers both in the quartermaster's
and commissary departments, to discharge the
duties incumbent upon them, and when this Mr.
Cummings, authorized by the Secretary of War
to make purchases for the Government, went to
the commissary in the city of New York, he was
informed by htm that he had no use for his ser-
vices; they were not needed. But, sir, this money
was placed subject to his control, and how did he
use it? Mr. Cummings, according to the report of
the committee, seems to have expended $160,000
placed to his own credit in the Park bank accord-
ing to his fancy. He says he has expended about
twenty-five thousand dollars in clothing, and on
that says, in answer to the question, " Of whom
did you purchase clothing?'
" I cannot recall the names now. They were nearly all
strangers to me. 1 will produce the vouchers.
" Question. Did you purchase the clothing in the mar-
ket? , ,
" Answer. Yes, sir. I called to my assistance a clerk,
through whom I purchased what I could.
" Question. What were the clothes—full suits?
" Answer. No, sir. There were two items which C9vered
the larger part ot the purchase—pantaloons and hats.
" Question. What did you do with them ?
"Answer. I forwarded them to Annapolis.
" Question. On what requisition did you purchase hats
and pantaloons?
" Answer. No requisition.
" Question. How came you to purchase hats and panta-
loons rather than anything else ?
" Answer. Because I thought they would be needed, as
hot weather was coming on. I had seen the soldiers pass
through here with warm winter clothing, which I believed
they could not endure when warm weather should come
on.
" Question. Then you were guided by your own informa-
tion and judgment as to what would be needed at Wash-
ington ?
4* Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Had you any other guide ?
ii Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Had you any limits imposed upon your ac-
tions except such as were imposed by your own discretion ?
t£ Answer. No, sir.
" Question. You purchased such* kind, quality, ana
amount as was dictated by your own judgment solely ?
" Answer. Yes, sir/'
The committee say:
"The clothing was linen pantaloons and straw hata, to
the amount of over $21,000."
He is then asked:
" Did you consult with any authority as to the propriety
of introducing linen pantaloons into the Army?
" Answer. Not until after it was done. Alter it was done
I talked with Major Sibley, and he said that was not in ac-
cordance with the Army regulation; but then I had ceased
to purchase."
I should like very much to read, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, the whole of his answers here;
but I will refer to the latter part of his testimony
where the committee sum up his conduct to some
extent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has now
arrived, and it becomes the duty of the Chair to
call up the unfinished business of yesterday.:
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be through in three
minutes.
Mr. FOSTER. Let the special order be post-
poned by unanimous consent until the Senator
concludes.
Mr. POWELL. The unfinished business may
be postponed, by general consent, for a few min-
utes until the Senator gets through, and we take
the vote on the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate more than three minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent, the consideration of the resolution will be
continued. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee say:
" Mr. Cummings expressly stated that he had drawn out
of the hands of Messrs. Dix, Opdyke & Blatchfoid $250^000
of the $2,000,000 placed in their hands, and had paid to
them $90,000 to cover the supplies they had purchased,
and had expended himself $160,000, and that the residue,
$1,750,000, by order of the Secretary of the Treasury,
redcposited with Mr. Cisco, the sub-Treasurer. Still, we
are informed b^ this note that Mr. Cummings has retained
$140,000 of the money, over and above that stated in his
testimony, ($250,000,) 'which is accounted for by the
vouchers".' This item seems to have lwen oveilooked by
him in his testimony. One hundred and forty thousand
dollaisaicm his hands, over and above the $160,000 for
which he has filed vouchers in tiie War Department, and
over and above the $90,000 lor which the vouchers are re-
tained by Mr. Blatchford; and he deems it sufficient to state
in genera) terms that it is ' accounted for by the vouchers.'
What vouchers, and who ha^ got them ? Can the Secre-
tary of War pretend that the national peril and the neces-
sity for immediate action justilied these irresponsible ex-
pendituics of the public money, with no settlement for tour
, months afterwaids, oven if theie had been no responsible
j and experienced public officer in New York to perform the
' duties."''
They then go on to detail the Army supplies
purchased by Mr. Cummings:
" Among the Army supplies purchased by Mr. Cummings
arc the following:
Q80 dozen pints of ale and porter. $1 87  $525 00
35 quintals codfish, 300 boxes herring  214 37
2U0 boxes cheese, 26 packages butter, and
cartage  1,543 79
6 bands of tongues  127 60
1,670 dozen straw hats  4,145 68
19,GS0 paiis of linen pants  17,220 00
~ 23 banels of pickles
25 casks of Scotch ale, price not stated.
10 casks of London porter, price not stated.
790 Hall's carbines, (rejected arm,) $15 each,
and 35 cases, $35      11,890 00
