1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
whole original piece or package at one time, to tile same
person, (not'includmg wines, spirituous or mait liquors, nor
excluding Hauonei y, drugs, medicines, cigars, snuff, or to-
bacco,) shall he regaided as a retail deaiei under this act.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike out the word
" nor," and to insert in lieu of it the words " but
not." It will make the paragraph more definite.
Mr. Mo.PHERSON. I do not know what will
be the construction of this section. It will not
require, I trust, that the small storekeeper, who
opens and sells an original piece of stationery, to
pay two license taxes, one under this paragraph,
and one under the paragraph Preference to whole-
sale dealers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move to strike out the
words " not including wines, spirituous or malt
liquors, nor excluding stationery, drugs, medi-
cines, cigars, snuff, or tobacco." If I understand
the true meaning of tbo committee, it will be car-
ried out by adopting that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is the prac-
tice of every country store to keep on hand small
quantities of drugs and medicines, stationery,
&c., and this provision is to prevent them being
called upon to pay for separate licenses. Unless
something is included like the words in brackets,
they will be compelled to pay two taxes for dis-
tinct licenses. "
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BIDDLE moved that the committee rise.
The committee refused to rise.
Mr. BLAKE moved to amend by adding the
following:
Whose sales shall exceed $2,000, and not exceeding
$5,000 per year, shall pay three dollars for each license;
five dollars to all whose sales shall exceed $2,000 and not
exoeedinc .$5,000; ten dollais to <i!l whose sales shall ex-
ceed $5,000, and not exceeding $10,000; twenty dollars to
all whose sales shall exceed $10,000, and not exceeding
$30,000; forty dollars to nil whose -sales shall exceed
$20,000, and not exceed ins;,'§50.000; fifty dollars to all whose
Bales, shall exceed $30,000, and not exceeding $100,000;
and upon ali whose sales shall exceed $100,000, there shall
be paid lor each heense seventy-five dollars.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. I move to strike
out the word " stationery." If that word be al-
lowed to remain there will then be no necessity
for paragraph seven in reference to stationers. If
n person by taking1 out this license can sell sta-
tionery also, nobody will take out a license sim-
ply to sell that one thing of stationery. If the
seventh section is to he retained, this ought to be
stricken out.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out" drugs,
medicines," &c. It will be seen that the bill
makes apothecaries, stationers, and other persons
pay a tax of ten dollars each. The words I have
indicated, therefore, ought to be stricken out.
Mr. BLAKE. The small stores here piovided
for sell cigars, drugs, medicines, stationeiy, and
many other things, and they ought not to be com-
pelled to pay foi jnore than one license. They are
not, like city merchants, confined to one branch
of business. They keep an assortment of goods
and merchandise. I think, therefore, that this
provision isa proper one, and ought to be retained.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to; and then the amendment was rejected.
The sixth paragraph was read, as follows:
6. Wholesale dealers shall pay fifty dollars for each li-
cense. Eveiy peison vvho.-e business or occupation is to
Bell, or offer to sell, gi oeerios, or any good*, waios, or mei-
chandise of foreign oi domestic production, by one or more
original packages or pieces at one tune, to the same pur-
chaser, not including: wines, spmtuous oi malt hquois,
shall be deemed a wholesale deaiei under this act; but hav-
ing taken out a license as a wholesale deaiei, such person
may also sell, as afoicsaid, as a ictailer.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move to add
the following:
And nothing in this section shall be so construed as to
compel ouiinary retail dealeis to take or pay for licenses to
sell at wholesale who may occasionally desire, m the or-
dinary course of business, to sell an original piece orpack-
age.
Mr. RLATR, of Missouri, moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that when
the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
JMonday next.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alien, Aneona, Arnold, Joseph
Baily, Baxter, Biddle, Francis P. Blau, Jacob B. Blair,
George H. Browne, William G. Brown, Campbell, Clem-
ents*, Cobb, Colfax, Corning, Cravens, Crisfield, Cutler,
Delano, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn, English, Fessenden, Fisher,
Granger, Haight, Harding, Horton, Johnson, William Kel-
logg,"Kerrigan, Law, Lazear, McKmght, Mallory, Men-
zies, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Noble, Noell, Olin, Pendle-
ton, Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Potter, Robinson, Sargent,
Sedgwick, John B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis
Thomas, Train, Trowbridge, Vallandicham, Wadsworth,
E. P. Walton, Ward, Albert S. White, Chilton A. White,
Wickliffe, Woodruff, Worcester, and Wright—65.
NAYS—Messis. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blau, Blake, Butfinton,Chambeihn, Clark,
Ficdeiick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling, Duell, Edgorton,
Edwards, Fianohot, Frank, Ilanison, Hooper, Uutchins,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson p.Moirill,Nixon,Patton, Pike,
Pomcroy, Alexundui H. Rice, John H. Rice, Edwaid II.
Rollins, Sheffield, Shollabaiger,Sherman. Sloan, Stevens,
Van Iloin, Van Valkenbmgh,Wallace, Charles W.Walton,
Wheeler, Wilson, ami Wuulom—47.
So the House agreed to adjourn over until
Monday next.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Eliot, was detained from the
House by illness.
Mr. CRISFIELD made the same statement in
reference to his colleague, Mr. Mat.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
EXCLUSION FROM TI1E JAIL
Mr. DELANO called up his motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the Committee for the
District of Columbia was discharged from thefur-
thor consideration of the resolution relative to the
order of the marshal for the exclusion of visitors
from the Washington city jail; and moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. MALLORY, (at
half past four o'clock, p.m.,) the House adjourned
until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 24, 1862.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 18th
instant, m relation to the contracts made with
Robert L. Stevens for the construction of a steam
floating battery; which, on motion of Mr. Fes-
senden, was ordered to he on the table, and be
printed.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Grimes, King, Cowan, Dixon, and Henderson
the select committee to consider the bills relative
to a national foundery and armory.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey, rel-
ative to the defense of the States of New Jersey,
Delaware, and Pennsylvania. I ask for their
reading:
The Secretary read them as follows:
Joint lesolutions relative to the defenses of the States of
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delawaie.
1. Be it resolved by the Senate ayid General Assembly of
the State of New Jeiscy, That the Government of the Uni-
ted States be, and it is heicby, earnestly lequested to im-
mediately provide1 suitable and sufficient defenses for the
Delawaie river and bay and the haibors thereof by the con-
stitution of £runboat<and other itnptoved means ot defense.
2. Resolved, That it accessor}, to enable the Govern-
ment of the United States to enter upon and complete the
said woi k immediately, Congress be jequestcd to authorize
a special loan foi that puipo-^e, and that this State will unite
with the States of Pennsylvania and Delawaie m taking the
whole of said loan in the following piopottions, naufely :
the State of Pennsylvania to take tvveutj'-fourparts thereof,
the State of New Jeisey to take five paits theieof, and the
State of Delaware the lesidue, being in the piopoition of
the representation of said States in the House of Represent-
atives of the United States.
3. Resolved, That the Senators and Representatives of
this State in the Congress of the United States be, and they
are hereby, requested to press this subject earnestly and
immediately upon the attention of the Congress and Execu-
tive ot the United States, and that a copy of these resolu-
tions be sent to each of the said Senators and Repiesenta-
tives, to the President of the United States, to the piesidmg
officeis of the Senate and House of Representatives of the
State of Pennsylvania, and to the Governor of the State of
Delaware.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move that the resolutions
be printed, and leferied to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask leave to present reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Maine,
and ask that they be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Resolves relating to national affairs.
Resolved, That we cordially indorse the administration
of Abialiam Lincoln in the conduct of the war against the
wicked and unnatuial enemies ot the Republic, and that in
all its measuies calculated to ciush this lehellion speedily
and finally, the Adtainlstiation is entitled to reccive the
unwaveimg support of the loyal people ot Maine.
Resohed, That it is the duty ot Congress, by such means
as will not jeopard the lights and safety of the loyal peo-
ple of the South, to provide for the confiscation ot estates
real and personal of rebels, and for the forfeiture and lib-
eration of cveiy slave claimed by any person who shall con-
tinue in arms against the authonty of the United States, or
who shall in any manner aid and abet the piesent wicked
and unjustifiable icbclhou.
Rem I red, That 111 this peiilous crisis of the country it is
the duty of Congiess, in the exercise of its constitutional
powei "to 'Maise and siippoit ainnes," to provide by law
lor accepting the seiviees of all able-bodied men of what-
ever status, and to employ them in such mannei as mihlaiy
necessity and the safety ot the Republic may demand.
Resolved, That a copy of these j esolutions be sent to the
Senators and Representatives in Congress tiom this State,
and that they be respectfully requested to use nil honorable
mcau-i io secure the passage of acts embodying their spirit
and substance.
J. G. BLAIR,
Speaker of IIov&c of Representatives.
JOHN II. GOODENOW.
President of Senate.
March 15,1862. Approved:
ISRAEL WASHBURN, jr.,
state of maine.
Office of Secretary of State,
Augusta, March 15, 1862.
I hereby certify that the foiegoing is a true copy of the
original as deposited in this office.
JOSEPH 13. HALL,
Secretary of State.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that the resolutions
be printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present joint resolutions
of the General Assembly of Ohio, relating to the
execution of leading lebels. I ask that they be
read, and laid on the table.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Joint lesolutions relative to the execution of leading rebels.
Whereas wicked and ambitious traitors have, without
cause, plunged our nation into civil war, disiegaidmg all
fiatemal obligations; falsuyingthe rnohtsacred injunctions
that can be applied to the conscience—their solemn oaths;
forcing upon us an expense of millions of money and incal-
culable loss in the piostiation of business, and untold mis-
cue* m the sacrifice of human hie; and whereas recent
developments manifest a disposition on the pait of some of
the leadeis of the lebelhon to ask teuns and sue foi peace:
Tberefoie,
Be Ureiolvedby the Geneial Assembly of the Stuleof Ohio,
That, in view of the loss of loyal blood and treasure, our
Government cannot, without lossof chaiacterand injustice
to the noble dead that have fallen in defense ot its authoi-
ity and the lights of'humanity, accept less than an uncon-
ditional .submission to the supieinacy of the Constitution
and the laws.
Resolved. That the future peace of the United States and
the petmanenoy of the Government, as well as the best
interests of humanity thioughout the woild, demand the
speedy tiial and summaiy execution of all leading conspir-
ators in the attempt to destroy the Government; and in the
name of the people of Ohio, who have given then money
and lives without stmt foi the preservation of our liberties,
we protest against the entei tamment ot any pioposition for
settlement other than unconditional submission to ligiitfui
authority and the condign punishment of the authois of the
rebellion.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to transmit a
copy oi th« foregoing to the Piesident and to each member
of the Cabinet and to each of our Senators and Represent-
atives in Congiess.
JAMES R. IIUCIJELL,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
B. STANTON,
Mtnch 14, 1862. President oj the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the resolutions
be printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
