310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
was-the special order for one o'clock to-day. It
comes up, I believe, as a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are three
special orders for this day. The unfinished busi-
ness' of yesterday is the contested-election case
from Kansas. That being a question of privilege,
in the opinion of the Chair it overrides the special
order; and that is the question now before the
Senate. To get at the Senator's object, he will,
therefore, have to postpone the pending question.
Mr. SHERMAN. One of the special orders is
Senate bill No. 142. I ask that it be postponed
until next Tuesday, and be made the special order
of that day, if that is agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is one of the bills re-
ported from the commission on compensation and
expenditures.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent the Chair will entertain that motion. The
Chair hears no objection to entertaining the mo-
tion to postpone Senate bill No. 142 to Tuesday
next, and that it be made the special order for that
day at one o'clock. *
Mr. PESSENDEN. Under the change of rules
made yesterday, I believe it will require a vote of
two thirds to make it a special order for Tuesday
next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care what day may
be assigned for the consideration of the two bills
reported by the commission. One of them is a
very important bill, and should have the consid-
eration of the Senate at an early day, regulating
the pay of officers of the Aimy. It is totally im-
material to me what time is fixed when the Senate
shall take it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My objection to making
it the special order was not to the particular bili,
but we yesterday passed an amendment to the
rules by which we provided that it should require
a vote of two thirds to make a special order. It
was expressly upon the ground that there are
so many special orders made—every gentleman
pretty much who has a bill in his charge wants it
made a special order—that they are exceedingly
embarrassing to business. We have all found it
so. Now, as we have changed the rules, let us
adhere to our decision, and make no special order
unless the bill is of that peculiar pressing conse-
quence that it is absolutely necessary to do so. J
make the objection to this bill, and I shall to all
bills of any character that do not require, from
theirnaturo and immediate importance, that a time
should be fixed for them at once. I hope, there-
fore, we shall carry out our rule, and apply it to
all cases of that description.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask, for informa-
tion, what effect the mere postponement of these
special orders has. Thp bill was made a special
ordc* before the adoption of this amended rule,
and by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The practice of the
Senate, according to the recollection of the Chair,
is that they remain special orders.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I withdraw my nio-
iion, and suggest that the bills he passed over in-
formally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be taken.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (II. R. No. 161) abolish-
ing the franking privilege.
CRIMINAL JUSTICE IN THE DISTRICT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from Ward H. Lamon, Uni-
ted States marshal for the District of Columbia,
informing the Senate of the regulations adopted in
reference to the admission of visitors at the county
jail for the District of Columbia, which was read.
It states that applications are frequently made by
improper persons for admission to the jail, and
the necessity of excluding them has sometimes
occasioned inconvenience to officers of the Gov-
ernment who desire admission. By act of Feb-
ruary 27, 1801, the custody of the jail is confided
to the marshal of the District, and he is made
accountable for the safe-keeping of all prisoners
legally committed to it. In the exercise of this
duty, he has deemed it proper to make certain
regulations, that are respectfully submitted to the
Senate, namely: that the President of the United
States and members of the Cabinet, the judges of
the Supreme Court and judges of other courts of
record in the District of Columbia, the President
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives shall be admitted at their pleas-
ure; that members of the Senate and House of
Representatives shall be admitted upon a written
pass signed by the President of the Senate or
Speaker of the House;' all other persons shall be
admitted upon a written pass from the marshal
Mr. GRIMES. Without moving to refer that
communication to any committee, I move that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 137, which is germane to the subject sug-
gested by the marshal of the Distriat, and which
was made the special order for one o'clock to-day.
I move that all prior orders be suspended, in order
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is now regularly before the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Iowa moves to postpone
that and all prior orders, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. POWELL. I trust the motion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa will not prevail. I think we had
much better dispose of the Kansas contested-elec-
tion case. Moreover, I suggest to the Senator
that I know that bill will lead to discussion which
will take up the entire day. I hope, therefore, he
will allow it to pass over, and let us proceed with
and finish the Kansas contested-election case.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senate owes it to it-
self, and owes it to the public interest, to take up
the matter that is referred to in the communication
from the marshal. If the marshal of the District
of Columbia has issued a ukase, or whatever you
choose to call it, that the members of the Senate
and members of the House of Representatives
shall not visit a public institution that is hereun-
der their particular cognizance, and subject to their
legislation and their supervision; if one of the sub-
ordinates and appointees of the President has is-
sued an orderthat the members of the Senate shall
not be admitted into one of the institutions under
their care, I think it is an outrage that deserves to
be rebuked, and to be rebuked emphatically and
at once. I hope the Senate will vindicate its own
dignity. I think the President ought to remove
him instantly.
Mr. FOSTER. Then we had better go into
executive session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to inquire what
is the unfinished business of yesterday ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary in
relation to the Kansas contested election.
Mr. GRIMES. In this connection, I wish to
say, in addition to what the Senator from New
Hampshire has said, that the communication sub-
mitted to-day does not contain the truth as it was
stated to me at the jail personally yesterday. I
applied for admission to the jail. I was refused.
I asked why I was refused. I was told by the
jailor that a peremptory order had been made that
no one should be admitted unless he had a written
permission from this foreign satrap, who has been
brought here from the State of Illinois and fastened
upon the seventy thousand people of this District.
I then asked him if this rule was to apply to Sena-
tors and Representatives. I asked lnm if ho knew
me, and that I was chairman of the Senate Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia. He said he did,
and that that would make no dHTerence. Now,a
communication has comehere telling us tliatadif-
ferent rule prevails—not the rule that existed yes-
terday at two o'clock. I want this matter to be
brought to the attention of the Senate, and I want it
publicly brought to the attention of the President
of the United States. I want to expose the char-
acter of this marshal of the District of Colum-
bia, and I propose to do it whenever I get a fair
opportunity to do it under the bill that I have
called up.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division, ayes 28, noes 9; and the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, resumed the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 137) in regard to the adminis-
tration of criminal justice in the District of Colum-
bia, the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Powell to insert the words "or fugitive
slaves" after the word "judgment" in the third
line of the first section, so as to make it read:
All persona exccpt persons held on final judgment, and
fugitive slaves, who were confined in the jail of {he District
of Columbia prior to the last term of the criminal court in
and for said District, and against whom no indictment or
indictments were found at said term, be, and they are here-
by, declared to be entitled to their liberty.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only a very few words
to say in addition to what I said when this bill was
before under consideration. Its provisions are
quite simple, and ought to be entirely free from
objection. The simple purpose is, first, to do what
is done in all countries and by all courts, namely,
to make a general jail delivery of all persons con-
fined in jail at the commencement of a term of the
criminal court, and against whom no indictment
shall be found by the grand jury; and second, to
prevent the jail, which was built by the Govern-
ment, maintained at Government expense, and
under Government control, from being used as a
placeof confinementfor.every person who, with a
dark skin, is suspected of not owning himself. I
instanced, when I addressed the Senate before on
this subject, many individual eases of great wrong.
I do not propose to recur to them now.
It is proper to say that the evils that have ex-
isted at the jail have proceeded from three causes.
First, from the construction of the jail itself. It
is of quite limited capacity—not designed to prop-
erly accommodate more than fifty persons upon
any humane principle of classification. Yetl have
seen two hundred" and eighteen confined there.
As an evidence of this, I will say that at one of
my visits to the jail I saw two young women con-
fined as witnesses in the same room with a woman
of the most notoriously bad character, who was
confined upon a charge of willful murder. The
jail is so constructed as to permit of no ventila-
tion. The whole atmosphere of the place is damp
and fetid, and how human beings can endure it
fora twelvemonth, as some of them do, is wholly
beyond my comprehension. There are no proper
facilities for cooking, washing, drains, water-
closets, and other important if not necessary at-
tachments to such an institution.
The second evil proceeds from the laws of the
District, which encourage the apprehension of
every colored man who can be found, upon the
charge of br>ing a runaway slave. The fees that
are paid to constables and justices of the peace
furnish a sufficient inducement to many men to
embark in this disgusting and humiliating busi-
ness, and the fees and board bills to be paid to the
jailors in such cases are a sufficient inducement
to them to retain such alleged runaways as long
as possible.
The third difficulty proceeds from the manner
in which the jail is kept. It is but just to say
that there is really no comparison between its con-
dition now and its condition six weeks ago. There
has been a wonderful improvement in that time.
How long it will last after Congress adjourns, or
now that members of Congress are prohibited
from visiting it, no one can say. But applauding,
as I do, this recent improvement in its condition,
I by no means say that it is not susceptible of and
ought not to be still further greatly improved.
Perhaps, Mr. President, I ought not to allude
to the manner in which the jail is and has been
kept. Perhaps the Senate itself is somewhat to
blame for it, for I trace a great many of the evils
existing there, and the failure to remove them, to
the appointment of a person as the marshal of the
District of Columbia who was made such by the
advice and consent of this body.
The President of the United States saw fit, in
the plenitude of his wisdom, to import to this Dis-
trict from the State of Illinois Mr. Ward H. La-
mon, and to appoint him the marshal. It is not
forme to say why one of the seventy thousand
people of this District was not selected for this
responsible position; I simply know the fact that
a man was brought here from abroad who had no
interest in the District; who had no community
of feeling or sympathy with the people of the Dis-
trict; who was and is wholly unfamiliar with the
duties of the position, and with the advice and
consent of the Senate appointed marshal. Among
other important duties intrusted by law to the
marshal is the control of the jail. A humane and
Christian man might make it a Bethesda. Mr.
Lamon has paid no attention to it until of late,
and now only to make an order prohibiting the
admission to it of all persons for the purpose of
