3252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I know the Senator is a good
lawyer, and his opinions are entitled to very great
consideration, and therefore I should like to know
of the Senator whether in his opinion there is any
necessity for any law regulating the calling out
of the militia or of volunteers in time of war; or
whether, under his theory, this greatpovverdoes
not reside in the Commander-in-Chief of our ar-
mies. If there is, then I want him to show me the
difference between regulations as to the calling out
of n\jlilia and volunteers specifying the ages be-
tween which they may be called out, their color,
<fcc., and the question now under consideration.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, by a statute we
have authorized the President in case of emergen-
cies to call out the militia for the suppression of
rebellion. We could repeal that statute and re-
tain the authority ourselves.
Mr. GRIMES. Does that limit it?
Mr. COWAN. In what respect?
Mr. GRIMES. Does that limit this great right
of eminent domain, of which the Senator has
spoken heretofore, that resides in the President
in time of war of doing just about what he has a
mind to?
Mr. COWAN. We have a right to limit him.
We have a right to say how many he shall call
out; or wo have a right to leave him unlimited.
With regard to who lie shall call out, that is the
question here. That law authorizes him to call
out the militia. Who are the militia? If ihe gen-
tleman will take the trouble to turn to the Con-
stitution he will find that the militia is the creation
of the several States. It is not a creation of the
General Government at all; but it is a creation of
the several States. They are to be organized,
drilled, and disciplined by the States and by the
officers of the States.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it not the law of the United
States which declares that they shall be white?
Mr. COWAN. No, air; it is not. I do not
know of any thing in the Constitution of the United
States that requires the militia to be white.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the law of Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. The laws of the States in re-
lation to the militia are made in pursuance of the
law of Congress, which declares that the militia
shall be composed of white persons.
Mr. COWAN. Not necessarily so at all. Each
State in its own separate individual capacity lias
a right to organize its own militia, beyond all ques-
tion, and they have clone so repeatedly nil over
the country; and when so organized under the
State laws, the General Government has a right
to call upon them, and they have the right to send
them, and to send them with men, officers, and
equipage.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will read to him one sentence from the statute
of 1792, on the organization of the militia. It is
as follows:
"Each mid every free,able-bodied, white male citizen
of tlie respective States, rcsiilenuherein, who is or shall be
of the age of eighteen years am) under the age of I'm t.v live
years, except as hereinafter excepted, shall ioveially and
respectively be enrolled in the militia by the captain or com-
manding olticer of the company ivltlnn whose bounds such
citizen aliall reside, anil that within twelve months after
the parage of tins act."
That is the foundation of the military system
of the United States.
Mr.COLLAMER. If the gentleman will allow
me a moment on this point about the organization
of the militia, I wish to read what the Constitu-
tion says about it. Among the powers of Con-
gress is the following:
"To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and for governing 6«ch part of them may be em-
ployed m tlieseiviee of the United States, resetvin" to the
States respectively tiie appointment of the ofiieeis, arid the
authority ot trainiinf the nuhtia according to the discipline
prescribed by
Congress, under this authority of the Consti-
tution, passed the law to which the Senator from
Massachusetts has referred. The organization of
the militia is not left to the States. It is an or-
ganization, under the Constitution, by act of Con-
gress.
Mr. COWAN. It is very much as I supposed
it ali to have been withoutany previous examina-
tion on the subject, with this single exception.
What I say is that the States may and do organ-
ize their militia, and nol under and by virtue of
that law of the United States; and they do disre-
gard the law of the United States, because they
did it in Pennsylvania. 'The whole militia sys-
tem there was abolished at a single stroke; but of
course the State of Pennsylvania could not repeal
the law of Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. They could fail to organize the
militia; but if they organize it, they must organ-
ize it under tbe laws of the United States.
Mr. COWAN. Well, it is totally immaterial in
what aspect you view it, whether it be a State or
a United States organization. By the law just
read, that militia that are called out from the States
must be white men. If that be so, then I say there
is no place elsewhere that these men can be put
into the Army of the United States, except by be-
ing put in the regular Army. You cannot call
them out as militia. You must enlist them in the
regular Army. As I understand, there is nothing
in the law of the United States to prevent that from
being done now. The volunteers called for are
the militia of the States. If they are not, they aie
nothing; and if you cannot recognize them as mili-
tia, you cannot recognize them as anything. They
are not the Army of the United States. That is
a technical term, and refers to the army of enlisted
men in the service of the United States. The vol-
unteers, then, that are called from the States are
the militia of the States, and come with their own.
organizations and their own officers. The Sen-
ator from New York said this law provided for
that; but I ask is this law intended to provide for
the organization of negroes into the militia of the
several States? Is that the object?
Mr. KING. I will read the clause. It says
they are to be employed " in the service of the
United States." They are to dig trenches and fight
the rebels. They are to be organized, fed, and
paid for to do that work.
Mr. COWAN. If that is all, then we are left
just about as wise as at the start.
Mr. ICING.. I thought so.
Mr. COWAN. The law, then, provides for
nothing. It provides that they may be taken into
the service of the United States.
Mr. KING. If the Senator will allow me, it
provides for a good deal, and precisely what I de-
sire this bill should do: that they may dig our
trenches, perform labor in the camps, and fight the
enemies of the Union, the insurgents and rebels.
Mr. COWAN. I have yet to learn that any-
body has made any question about their digging
our trenches or working in the camps. I never
heard anybody object to it in my life, and that is
put in as a mere work of supererogation.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator sepms to be un-
willing to have them hurt the enemy.
Mr. COWAN. Of course, every gentleman who
cannot agree with the Senator from Massachusetts
and his party as to how this thing ought to be
done, does not wont to hurt the enemy ! Why
should I not want to hurt the enemy as much as
the Senator from Massachusetts ? 1 will go as far
into the teeth of the enemy as he will, or any of
his party.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator misunderstands
me. I say the Senator does not wish the slaves
to hurt the rebels.
Mr. COWAN. The gentleman has no right to
say that the Senator wishes anything about it.
Tiie Senator has not said any such thing. It is a
creation of his own brain for the purpose of dis-
torting and disturbing the true position that I oc-
cupy here. I wish the enemy to be hurt, and to
be hurt by everybody,as much as he does. That
is not the question; audit is time that that kind of
thing was done with upon this floor. Because
you do not agree as to how the Army shall be or-
ganized, you do notwant the^Army to be effective!
it is a non sequilur; and nobody, I should think,
except an orator in some country debating school,
would ever think of resorting to it as a means to
foil an antagonist. I want the Army to be made
effective, just as much effective as anybody; and
I say I never heard any objection on the part of
anybody that slaves should dig our in trench monts
and do the work they can do in the camp. I never
heard anybody object to that; but there is an ob-
jcetion to making soldiers of them.
Mi. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him if he ever heard of the celebrated
order No. 3 expressly driving every one of them
out of the camps of the whole army of the West?
Mr.,COWAN. I do not know whether it was
order No. 3 or not; but I do remember an order
driving them out. What of it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator said he never
heard of an objection to their coming in and dig-
ging intrenchments.
Mr. COWAN. No; never, never; and that is
another of the same species of argument precisely.
If there were no trenches for them to dig or no
work for them to do, then I can very easily know
why order No. 3 was issued. If they had trenches
to dig, and if they were wanted for that purpose,
then 1 suppose order No. 3 would not have been
issued; but it does not follow because negroes
were excluded from the camps that trenches were
to be dug at that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow me
to put a question to him in all kindness?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly. I hope this is all
kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to ask him if he
never heard of intrenchments being dug about
Corinth, and of fortifications being thrown up in
that portion of the country? Has not that come
under his observation; and that there was an order
prohibiting any slave from coming within the
lines ?
Mr. COWAN. I say in all candor and kindness
and sincerity that I never heard yet that slaves
were prevented from digging intrenchments. 1
have hear'd that white men have dug them, and I
have heard great complaints that they were made
to dig them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform the Senator
myself that intelligent citizens of Ohio, some of
whom never worked aday in their lives, and who
volunteered out of patriotism, were compelled to
build roads and dig trenches, and negroes were
expelled in their presence from the lines. That I
know myself.
Mr. RICE. One Minnesota regiment made
twenty-five miles of railroad.  
Mr. SHERMAN. Two Ohio regiments, the
organization of which I know all about, worked
day after day through winter and storm in build-
ing bridges; and there were plenty of negroesabout
them and they were not employed.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to say
a word ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The floor is
at the command of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Does he yield the floor?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Last summer I was along the line
of fortifications that were being constructed on the
south side of the Potomac river; and I saw many
negroes, free and slave, there at work upon the
trenches and the forts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Order No. 3 did not apply
there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform the Senator
from Kentucky that the case I mentioned was in
the State of Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am speaking of the employment
of ulie negroes of the United States in the construc-
tion of works. It has been done again and again;
and I never knew of any impediment to its being
done according to the discretion of the commander.
Mr. COWAN. That is as I understand it; but
all this has nothing in the world to do with the
question which we are now discussing.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen-
ator, I will say nnother'word. Colonel Alexan-
der, the chief engineer, under whose direction that
line of lunette forts was constructed, told me that
they gave to the soldiers additional pay of twenty-
five cents a day for working on them. They had
to give higher wages—I do not remember what
the amount was; but it was something like a dol-
lar a day—for slaves and negroes to work; and I
suppose it was a question of economy and expe-
diency whether the officers superintending the
work would employ the soldiers, or the slaves and
free negroes.
Mr. COWAN. I never had any difficulty in
my mind about this question whatever. I sup-
pose General Halleck is the officer referred to
in regard to the celebrated order No 3. If Gen-
eral' Halleck made that order excluding negroes
from his camp, I suppose, without knowing any-
thing about it, he had the best reason w the
world; and why? Because if General Halleck
trusts me in the Senate, I trust General Halleck
in the field; and I trust all these men everywhere,
I do not condemn them until I first examine the
