2292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. OLIN demanded the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
Baxter, Francis T. 131atr, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William
G. Brown, Campbell, Chambering Colfax, Cravens, Crit-
tenden, Cutler, Davi-a, Delano, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton,
Eliot, Fes^enden, Fisher, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Hall,
Holman, Ilutcluns, Julian, Ke!lcy> Francis W. Kellogg,
Killmger, Law, Loomis, fiovojoy. McPherson, Mallory,
Maynard, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, Patton, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Alexander H. Uice, John H. Rice, Riddle,
Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Sloan, Stiatton, Trim-
ble, Verree, Wall, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Washbume,
Whalev, Wilson, Window, and WoodiufF— 63.
NAYrf—Messis. Aldiich, Aneona, Beaman, Biddle, Ja-
cob l\. Blair, Buflinton, Clark, Cobb, Fredeiiek A. Corik-
Ung, lloscoe Conklin", Corning, Cnsfield, Dawe?, Drven,
Ducll, Ely, Frauchot, Fiank, Haight, Hale, llanchett,
JIatding, Uarr^on, Johnson, William Kellogg, Leary, Mc-
Knight, May, Menzie«, Monis, Noell, Nugen, Odell, 0fiji,
Perry; Potter, Piiee, Richard.-on,Robinson, Sedgwick, Sc-
gar, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, Ppaulding, John B. Steele,
VVilUam G. Steele, IJenjamm F Thomas, FrancisThomas,
Van Hoin, Van Valkenbuigh, Vibbaid, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White, and
Woicester—-58.
So the bill was passed.
During; the vote,
Mr. BEAMAN stated that Mr. Trowbridge
was detained from the IJLouse by sickness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. COLFAX, moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that, the morning hour
having expired, the regular order of business was
the consideration of the special order, upon which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wal-
lace] was entitled to the floor.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. WALTON", of Vermont. T ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to yield to me for a
moment, that I may offer a resolution in relation
to this special order.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I yield
for that purpose.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Ile-iolved, Thlit the House will take a lecess this day, and
on each day of siitintr, toi tin; pi-esi>ut week, ltom live, p.
in., to half pa^t seven, p. m.: FtOiided, That the suiing*
alter ibe tnotmn^ hour shall be lor debate on the special
o dcr only.
Mi. McKNlGHT. I object.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to allow me to offer a resolution of in-
quiry to which there will be no objection.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Pi evident of the United States be re-
queued to tiansimt to this Ilouve, it'not incompatible with
the public interest, eopie.-, of sm-h eorropondence as may
have been leeeived in thi-s Government since that accom-
panied by file menage of Apul H, 16G2, iciating to the
condition ol aii'au^ in Mexico, and the breaking up of the
treaty with the lattei by the allied Powers.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to a question of order.
I find in the Globe of this morning language in-
terpolated in remark's 1 made  
Mr. JOHNSON". I rise to a point of Older.
Mr. VOORHEES and others. Oh, no; do not
object.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, I waive the point of
order.
Mr. KELLEY. I find in the Globe of this
morning language interpolated into my remarks
which I did not hear uttered on this floor, and
part of which 
i he SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that he cannot see
how any question ot privilege can arise out of a
newspaper publication, .The gentleman can make
a personal explanation if there is no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. KELLEY. I repeat, that I find interpo-
lated into the report of my remarks in the Globe
language which I did not hear uttered on the floor,
and part of which language was not in the notes
that the reporters handed to me. I ask the Clerk
to read what I have marked in the paper which I
send up, not one word of which I heard fall from
the lips of any member, and the latter clause of
which was not in the reporter's notes of the de-
bates of yesterday.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Mr. Vooriiees. Whenever the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania 
" Mr. Kelley. I do not yield to the gentleman.
ik Mr. Vooriiees. You shall yield. I denounce the mem-
ber's statement as false, and I denounce him as a calum-
niator.
" The Speaker. The gentleman from Indiana is out of
order, and will take hH seat.
" Mr. Vooriiees. I will allow no man to impeach my
loyalty to this Government, and especially I will not allow
the member fromPennsjlvania, who has signalized himself
on tins floor for nothing except the defense of thieves.
The Speaker. The gentleman will take his seat."
Mr. KELLEY. I assert that that language
was not uttered here, or noted by the reporters of
this House—I mean the last part of it. The first
part was on the notes of the reporter. I wish to
state that I did not hear any of the remarks. The
country, without suggestion from me, will judge
of the mendacity of Ihe denial of the fact that
Cobb and Floyd and Thompson and Toucey were
members of James Buchanan's Cabinet, and that
they perpetrated the outrages which I designated.
I say the country at large, every man, will recog-
nize the mendacity of that denial; and I say that
the man who could secretly incorporate language
of that kind into a public report, is a coward and
a scoundrel.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order, and will take his seat.
Mr. VOORHEES. I pray for one moment's
time.
No objection was made.
Mr. VOORH EES. In the denial which I made
yesterday, of the remarks of the member from
Pennsylvania, 1 was replying to that which I un-
derstood to be an impeachment of my loyalty as a
citizen of this Government; not to any statement
as to who were members of Mr. Buchanan's Cab-
inet. Nearly all of this I found m the report, as
made out at the reporters' desk. The few words
that were not there I supplied. I did not supply
two pages, as I found, when 1 came to look over
the gentleman's remarks last night, that he had
done, in his own handwriting. I supplied five
words, perhaps; but they were words which I
spoke, and which had been omitted by the report-
ers, I presume, on account of the confusion at the
time. I made these remarks yesterday, in the
hearing of the House and in the hearing of the
member from Pennsylvania. I made them because
I meant them; because I believed them to be true.
I repeat them here now, and I stand by them.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received fiom the Senate, by
Mr. Fornly, us Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, an act
(Ii. R. No. 329) for the relief of John Gouldmg.
Also, that the Senate had resolved itself into a
court of impeachment on the case of West H.
Humphreys, judge of the district couit of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Tennessee, and was
then ready to lcceive the managers of the House
to present the articles of impeachment as agreed
upon by the House.
CONFISCATION.
The House then proceeded to the special order,
being House bill No. 471, to confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels for the payment of the expenses of
the present rebellion, and for other purposes; and
House bill No. 472, to free from servitude the
slaves of rebels engaged in or abetting the exist-
ing rebellion against the Government of the 'Uni-
ted States, on which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Wallace] was entitled to the floor,
j Mr. WALLACE,ofPennsylvania. Mr.Speak-
I er, desirous of discharging my duty faithfully at |
| a time when our country is passing through a most j
trying ordeal, and when questions of momentous I
issue are being biought before Congress for con- 1
sideration, I have listened with careful attention i
to the discussion of the various propositions sub- j
mitted for the confiscation of the property of leb- I
els, and I must confess that I have been somewhat !
surprised to find so great diversity of opinion
among gentlemen upon this floor, as well as in the
Senate Chamber, in reference to the constitutional
power of Congress over this subject. I $id ex-
pect that gentlemen whose professional business
would naturally lead them to examine those ques-
tions of constitutional and national law, and who
have enjoyed large legislative experience, would
have been able to have brought the result of their
mature reflections before this House in a more
clear and satisfactory manner. My profession
having directed my thought and reading in a dif-
ferent channel, I had not intended to participate
in this discussion; but representing a district that
has furnished as many men for the war as any
district represented upon this floor, and having a
constituency who take a deep interest in this ques-
tion of confiscation, I deem it but justice to them
that I should refer to a few considerations which
shall govern my votes on this subject.
The circumstances by which we are surrounded
are solemn and extraordinary. We are in the
midst of a fierce and formidable rebellion, which
will require all the energy and power of the na-
tion to effectually suppress. Madness and wick-
edness of the darkest hue took possession of men
who were favored with positions of honor and
trust in our country, and who, without any just
cause, wickedly conspired to overthrow and de-
stroy the best Government the world has ever
seen. In the prosecution of their rebellion they
have committed barbarities upon our living and
our dead which make humanity shudder. The
uncoffined bones of thousands of our brave men
are strewed upon the battle-fields far distant from
homes and families. Woe and lamentation resound
throughout our land. The mother weeping for her
son, the wife for her husband, and the child for its
father. And in the midst of those terrible and
heart-rending surroundings, while our Army arid
our Navy are putting forth all their strength and
•energy to subdue those reckless and wicked men,
the people are looking to Congress to come up
fairly and squarely to the work and meet those
great questions of the times as law and justice
demand. I confidently hope they shall not be
disappointed. So far, the legislation of the pres-
ent Congress has fully met the expectations of the
people. A few months ago our national credit
was rapidly waning, our Treasury exhausted, and
a desperate effort was being made by the bankers
and brokers to take possession of the Govern-
ment. After a severe contest, during which we
were frequently warned by direful prognostica-
tions, the legal tender prevailed, and the most
gratifyingresults have ensued. And a few weeks
since, when the bill for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia was taken up for con-
sideration, we had similar forebodings rung in our
cars. The Opposition to the bill were fierce and
clamorous; at every stage gentlemen tried to baffle
its passage with quirks and quibbles which were
as flimsy and as transparent as the drapery that
covered their sympathy with treason. But justice
and right triumph, and to-day free air and free
territory surround the capital of a free nation.
Nobody has been particularly hurt, the eaith con-
tinues to revolve on its axis, the sun rises and sets
with its usual benignity, and gentlemen who
strenuously opposed this bill, I hope, will live to
thank God for the day that freed the capital of
our country from the shame and disgrace of sla-
very.
In my judgment both of those measures were
in perfect accordance with the Constitution. I also
believe that Congress has the constitutional power
to confiscate rebel property. The law of nations,
as declared by Vattel and Wheaton, cleat ly sanc-
tions this principle—that when men take up arms
to overthrow and destioy the Government that
preservesand protects them, that they thereby for-
feit all their rights and claims to that Government,
and place themselves at the mercy of the Govern-
ment to visit them with whatever punishments it
may m its majesty and sovereignty impose. The
Constitution of our country clearly defines the
respective powers of the several branches of the
Government. The legislative branch is clothed
with the war-levying,war-supporting,and the war-
contiolling power. The President, by viitueof
his office, is Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy,and is the war-conducting power. As Com-
niander-in-Chief, in accordance with the princi-
ples of national law, he can do whatever may be
