1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13S8
war to their utmost ability to pay, will not vote a
dollar to redeem this promise which you are about
to make.
It is not my intention, however, Mr. President,
to diseuss this question at length. I had hoped
that it would not be called up in the morning hour,
that a question of so much importance, one in
which such consequences are involved, would at
least be allowed to be considered more fully than
it can be in the morning hour. Of one thing, how-
ever, I wish to assure gentlemen: you may make
your promise; we know what it means; we know
the fidelity with which it will be preserved; as far
as my State is concerned, she has already rejected
it, and she will reject it whenever and as often as
it is made. One other remark, Mr. President.
Why is it that Congress cannot confine its atten-
tion to the prosecution of the war for the restora-
tion of the Union, leaving the States that are peace-
able and (juiet alone in the management of their
domestic institutions'1 Why is it that this ques-
tion of slavery, slavery in the States, slavery in
the District of Columbia, slavery everywhere,
must be brought into all your legislation ? In my
opinion, had you let this question of slavery alone,
had you not attempted by your bills the work of
liberating slaves in the seceded States, had you
not attempted by your bills to abolish slavery in
this District, had you not attempted by a resolu-
tion of this kind to reawaken the agitation of sla-
very in the States, had you devoted yourselves to
legitimate legislation,and proclaimed to the Amer-
ican people, and adhered honestly to.it, that your
only object was the preservation of the Union and
the constitutional rights of the people of the States
everywhere, including the right of the master to
his slave as well as his right to other property,
your war would have been nearly over by this
time. This would have awakened the public con-
fidence everywhere that the great battles of the
present day were being fought for the restoration
of the Union and the preservation of the Consti-
tution. But by your bringing in this question of
negro slavery upon every occasion, hundredsand
thousands of men honestly think, and your legis-
lation gives them the right to think, that you have
other objects in the prosecution of this war than
the preservation of the Union, because by such
propositions as this you indicate that you mean
to attack the constitutional rights of the people in
the States. Adopt these measures, continue your
work of emancipation, and the war upon which
you have just entered, instead of being speedily
closed, will not be closed in your day or mine,
sir. It is folly to suppose that the people of this
country, the peaceable quiet citizens at home, are
going to allow you to interfere with their domes-
tic institutions, and under the pretense of prose-
cuting a war for the restoration of the Union and
the preservation of the Constitution, to destroy
their constitutional rights. But if Congress think
it is wise to proceed in this manner, if they think
that this is the way to restore the Union, if they
think that this is the way to create and strengthen
an attachment in the border States to a union with
you, of course their judgment must control their
action, and they will continue this same course of
conduct. I cannot, however, withhold the ex-
pression of opinion that these measures, instead
of being calculated to bring about a speedy close
of the present war and to deepen the attachment
of the people everywhere for the Union of their i
fathers, will only have a tendency to weaken that j
attachment and to prolong the war. j
Mr. DAVIS. I move an amendment as a sub- j
stitute for the resolution, to strike out all after the ;
word that," ond insert: j
Although tbewhoie«ubjpctofslaverj in the States is cx- j
'•ItiMvely wnhiti the juimhuion and cognizance of ihe <jov- i
eminent and people of Un. Si !i tcs m^peon wlv liavnis flavcs, '
and cannot be interfoicd with dnectly or mdnectly by the i
Government of the United Staler, yet when any ot those !
States 01 their people may detenmne to emancipate th<nr
slaves, the United States will pay a reasonable ptice lor
the slave*. they may emancipate, and the cost of their colo-
nization m some other country.
I ask for the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAYIS. I will only say a word on the
proposition which I have submitted. My mind
is not made up definitely and conclusively upon
the question of the power of Congress to appro-
priate money for the purposes indicated in the
original resolution. I, therefore, in the substitute
which I offer, put it in the words thatthe Uni-
ted States" will give tlie aid which is afterwards
specifically expressed in the proposition. If Con-
gress has not the power to appropriate money for
the objects indicated in the original resolution, if
it be a subject of vital importance and necessary
to the continuance of the national peace and the
national Union, the States may perhaps submit
to an amendment of the Constitution that would
authorize Congress to appropriate money towards
such a great object 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it now becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the special order is
taken up, I suggest whether the joint resolution
under consideration ought not to be postponed to
a day certain? Would not that be better? Let
us fix on some day during the week when we can
take it up, and vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will entertain such a motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the joint reso-
lution be postponed until Thursday at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its being made
the special order for that day. I think we had
better let it go over until to-morrow. The mo-
ment the bill to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia is out of the way, I shall insist upon
going on with the confiscation bill, and this will,
perhaps, come in the way of it. Let this reso-
lution go over until the morning hour to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Ohio cannot be entertained, objec-
tion being made.
SLAVISH i" IN TUB DISTRICT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 108)
for the release of certain persons held to service
or labor in the Distnet of Columbia, the pending
question being on the amendment proposed by
Mr. Doolittle to the amendment of Mr. Davis.
The amendment of Mr. Davis is to insert, as
an additional section:
JInd be it further cnactcd, That all persons I iterated undri
this act shall be colonized out of the limits ot the United
States, and the sum of $100,000, out ot any money in the
Tie.iMtiy not otherwise appiopnatcd, felmll be expended
under the direction of the Piesident of the United States lor
that puipose.
Mr. Doolittle proposes so to amend the
amendment as to make it read:
That the sum of $100,000, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appiopnatcd, shall be expended, under
the direction of the Piesident of the United States, to aid in
the colonizalion and settlement of such free people of Afri-
can descent now le.Mdmg in said Distuct as may desire to
emigrate to the icpublics ot Flayti or Libeim, or such other
country beyond the limits of the United States as the Pies-
ident may determine.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill has been delayed
somewhat, at the request of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] not now in his seat,
and I have been somewhat reluctant to press the
matter in his absence.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me a moment, I deshe to modify my
amendment. The Senator from New Hampshire
has suggested to me that there should be a limit-
ation as to the amount of expenditure. I am will-
ing to modify my amendment by adding a proviso
that the expense shall not exceed §100 for each
emigrant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. MORRILL. I was saying that I felt some
reluctance in pressing the consideration of the bill
at this time; but as several amendments have been
proposed, which may or may not elicit discus-
sion, I shall ask the action of the Senate on those
amendments at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. HARLAN. Before the question is taken,
I would suggest to the Senator from Wisconsin
that I think it a little doubtful whether the phrase-
ology used in his amendment will include the per-
sons proposed to be liberated by this bill. Hence
I suggest to him to insert, at the proper place, the
words u including those to be liberated by this
act "
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I accept that modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Although, if the slaves
are liberated, I should prefer to see them colo-
nized, yet, not believing that Congress has any
constitutional power either to pass a bill to liber-
ate the slaves in this District or to appropriate
money to colonize them, I shall not vote for any
such amendment as this, and shall vote against
the bill itself.
Mr. MORRILL. I have nothing to say upon
this question, as it is a proposition to amend the
original amendment; but when it comes to the
question of amending the bill, I shall appeal to the
Senate to preserve the integrity of the bill against
the various amendments of friends and opponents.
I am indifferent in regard to this question, as it is
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. KING. I intend to vote for this bill, and
I prefer to vote for it in the simplest shape in
which it can be presented. Although I am dis-
posed to look with favor upon the proposition
submitted by the Senator from Wisconsin, when
this subject comes to be considered upon a more
extended scale than as it relates merely to the
District, I am inclined to vote against any amend-
ments which go to extend the character of the bill
beyond a simple proposition to emancipate the
negroes in the District.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I am requested by my colleague
[Mr. Foster] to state that he has been called home
in consequence of the death of a relative.
Mr. KENNEDY. I wish to state that my col-
league [Mr. Pearce] is detained from his seat
to-day by sickness.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to have the amend-
ment read before I vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
to read a paper while the Senate is dividing.
Mr. POWELL. 1 am opposed to the whole
bill, but I will vote for the amendment.
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays 1G;
as follows:
YEAS— Mes^. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collaiufr, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Hatlau,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Lane ot Indiana, Lane ot'Kansas,
Latliani, Powell, Sliciman, Ten Eycli, Tiumbull, W'.ide,
and Wiight—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carlilc, Fessenden, Grimes,
Hale, Henderson, Kennedy, King, MeDougall, Moirill,
Stark, Sumner, Wilkinson, VVilmot, Wilson of Massachu-
setts, and Wilson of Missouri—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the amendment as
amended be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Insert as an additional section:
Jini be 11 further enacted, That the sum of $100,000, out
of any mone.v in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
shall he expended under the direction of the President of
the United States, to aid in the colonization and settlement
of such free people of Atiicnn descent now residing in said
District, including those to lie liberated by this act, as may
desire to emirate to the republics of Iiaytiand Liberia, or
siicli other conntiy beyond the limits of the United States,
as the Piesident may di terminc : Provider!, The expendi-
ture for this purpose shall not exceed $100 for each emi-
grant.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I notice that the language
of the amendment is, that the sum of §100,000
" shall be expended." It seems to me that word
" shall" ought to be " may." We ought not to
compel the President to expend $100,000 unless
it shall be necessary. I suggest to the mover of
the amendment to make that alteration.
Mr. MORRILL. The whole appropriation is
entirely contingent. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and shall vote against it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am for the amendment,
and therefore 1 should like to have it in good
shape.
Mr. MORRILL. Whether the President can
expend a dollar or not, depends on whether he
gets the consent of the slave to be colonized.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Authoriv, Iliowmng, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Doolittle, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, IIowc, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas. Latham, Powell. Sherman,
Ten !>,ek. Trumbull, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Catille, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Fes-
sonden, Foot, Gaines, Hale, Howard, Kennedy, King, Me-
Dougall, Morrill, Stark, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, Wil-
mot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—19.
