3254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
quently against this measure the other day, repre-
senting a State whose greatest honor is derived
from the fact that it contains the bones of that great
general, can he or can anybody urge a single argu-
ment against this proposition orthe Senator from
New York that could not be urged against this
proclamation of General Washington? Sir, there
js no objection to it except the objection that arises
from a certain element and from a certain source,
who, are more tender of slavery and its rights than
they are of the rights of the Government of the
United States. I saw a gentleman to-day, of high
character, who had just had a conversation with
Governor Curtin, of Pennsylvania, in regard to
Pennsylvania answering this new call of the Pres-
ident of tlfe United States for troops, and as the
conversation was related to me, Governor Curtin
expressed very great doubts whether they could be
induced to enlistunder the present circumstances.
He did not tell it to me, but told it to a gentleman
■whom I met in front ofWillard's Hotel this morn-
ing, who said he had had a conversation with him
on the subject.
Mr. COWAN. I have not had a conversation
with Governor Curtin himself, but I am afraid he
is not fairly represented. I understand Governor
Curtin*s opinion to be that men can be procured
if the period for which they arc drafted is limited*,
but that it would be impossible to draft men for an
unlimited period. That is his position.
Mr. WILKINSON. Perhaps that was the qual-
ification that was put to it. I received this morn-
ing a letter from a very prominentand very active
man in New York, who proposes immediately
upon the issuance of this call by the President to
raise a regiment, or a brigade if he could. I re-
ceived a letter from him this morning, and I wish
to read an extract from it:
" I started a day or two sincc to raise some volunteers in
answer to the new call, and m seveial cases have been met
with the prompt refusal fiom men whom I thought, would
follow me anywhere, that they weie unwilling to go in the
present condition of things. They say that they do not, and
will notenter into the service until some action takes place
to show that they are not to be thrust into the swamps to
dig intrenchments or to bntld roads, while the ncgioea arc
rejected from our service."
I wish to say one other thing with regard to this
subject. We have one regiment from Minnesota
in the army of the Potomac. They were at Bull
Run, and have been here ever sincc. They have
made .seven miles of road; they have built two
bridges across the Chickahomtny river; and they
have been engaged in this business and in making
intrenchments from the time they went there until
the battles commenced the other day.
Mr. RICE. One regiment from our State in the
West constructed twenty-five miles of railroad.
Mr. WILKINSON. Another regiment, as I
am informed by my colleague, in the West, con-
structed twenty-five miles of railroad. Now, I
demur to this. I object to the active, the ener-
getic, the high-minded young men fiom my State
being placed in such menial service as this, and
wearing themselves out and wasting their lives
and their energies in it when theie are thousands
of men ready and willing to perform this service
on behalf of the Government of the United States
if we will permit them to do it. It seems to me
like madness to refuse or to undertake to reject
this offer, because we cannot find a place where
to put these men on the statutes, whether we re-
gard them as militia men or as regular Army men.
Put them into the ranks. General Washington
found no difficulty on that point.
Mr. HARLAN addressed the Senate at some
length, but, without concluding, he yielded tem-
porarily, for the disposal of the following neces-
saiy business:
PENSION UTLL.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask leave to make a icpurt
from a committee of conference, with the consent
of the Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
ceived with the assent of the Senator from Iowa,
who is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 yield for that purpose.
Mr. FOSTER. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments to the bill (H. Ii. No. 438) to grant
pensions, have met, and after a full and free con-
ference have agreed to lecommend that the llousc
of Representatives recede from their disagreement
to the Senate amendments numheied 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
0,7,8,9,10,11,12.13, 14,1.i, 1G, 17, 90, ^1, 22, *23,
24,25,26, and 27, and agree to the same; and that
the Senate recede from their eighteenth and nine-
teenth amendments.
The result of the conference is that the House
of Representatives, through their committee, agree
to all the amendments of the Senate save two, and
the committee of the Senate recommend that the
Senate recede from those two amendments and
concur with the House. The House proposed
a rate of fees for attorneys and agents who may
act for persons entitled to pensions under this bill,
to procure them from the Department. The Sen-
ate committee did not think it advisable to under-
take to fix a rate of compensation, but the House
insisted upon it,andit was thought the bill would
be endangered unless we agreed to it. We thought
it best, therefore, to recommend that the Senate
recede from its two amendments on that point.
The report was concurred in.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill (H. R. No. 531) increasing tempo-
rarily the duties oti imports,and forotherpurposes,
have agreed to a report, which 1 send to the Chair
to be read.
The Secretary read the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (li. R. No.
531) increasing temporarily the duties on imports, and for
other purposes, having met, after lull and fiee conference
have agreed to iccommend, and do recommend, to their re-
spective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
third, fourth, fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, nineteenth,
twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-third, twenty-fourth, twen-
ty-iitth, twenty-ninth, thntieth, thuty-fiist, thnty-second,
tiiitty-thiid, thiity-Iouith, Unity-fifth, thnty-si\tb, thuty-
seventh, thirty-eighth, Umry-nmth, fortieth, forty-first, for-
ty-fourth, loity-fitth, forty-sixth, forty-seventh, forty-eighth,
foity-mnth, iiltieth, titty-first, fifty-fifth, fiity-stxth, sixti-
eth, sixty-fir&t, sixty-sccond, sixty-foui th, sixty-fifth, sixty-
eighth, sixty-ninth, seventieth, se venty-firot.se venty-fourth,
seventy-fifth, seventy-sixth, seventy-seventh, seventy-
eighth, seventy-ninth", eighty-first, eighty-second, eighty-
fifth, eighty-sixth, eighty-ninth, ninety-second, ninety-
third, ninety-fourth, ninety-fifth, and ninety-sixth amend-
ments of the Senate, and agiee to the same.
That the Senate rocccle fiom their first, fifth, sixth, sev-
enth, eighth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth,
t<venly-eighth, forty-third, fifty-third, fifty-fouith, fifty-
eighth, fltty*iunth, sevetuy-third, eightieth, eighty-third,
eighty-fourth, and eighty-eighth amendments.
That the House lecede hom their disagieement to the
Senate's second amendment, and agree-to the same, with
an amendment, lis follows ; m hoe nineteen, after the word
" three," insert " and one halt.*' In line twenty, after the
word " ail," insert " stove dried oi ;" and in line twenty-
two, stnke out five" and insert£* four."
That the House recede fiom thoirdisagi cement to so much
of the ninth amendment oj[lhe Senate as is proposed to he
inserted,and agiee to the same with the following: .strike
out the woids>"pioposcd to be substituted, and 111 line six-
teen of said clause, strike out the words 50," and ni-
sei t U$V' the Senate agree to the same *-o amended.
That the House recede Irom their disagreement to the
Senate's eighteenth amendment, and ngreu to the Fame
with an amendment, as follows: strike out the woids pio-
posodto he inseited, and insert in lieu thereof, "Provided,
That wn e covered with cotton, silk, or other material4!, shall
pay 5 cents per pound in addition to the foregoing rates.''
That the IIou.se lecede hom their disagreement to the
Senate's twenty-second amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment, ad follows: strike out the word " and"
befoie the word " liity," in said amendment.
That the House recede from their dnagieement to the
Senate's twenty-sixth amendment, and agiee to the fame
with an amendment, as follows : strike out " fifteen" and
insert" twenty-five."
That the House recede fiom then disagreement to the
Senate's twenty-seventh amendment, and agree to the Kime
with an amendment, a  follows: stnke our " tourth," and
Insert " halt."
That the limine recede fiom their disagreement to the
foitv-secmd amendment of the Senate, and amee to the
same, with an amendment, as follows: strike out the woid
" ten," and m-ert five and in line sixty-tlnee, sti ike
oiu <• fifteen," and inseit "eight."
That the House recede irom their disagieement to the fif-
ty-second amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
Willi an amendment, as iollows : stuke out " twenty," and
in*ei t " Unify."
That the House lecedc fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's fifty-seventh amendment, and agiee to the s.mie,
with an amendment, .is (ollow-s. sfuke out all of lines
twenty-two and twentv-thiee of section seven, and iiwit
in lieu thereof the following: "on white and led lead, div-
er giound m oil, Jo cents one bundled pounds; on 0x3 d
of zinc, dry oi ground in oil, 2."> cents pei one bundled
pounds.'5
Thar the Ilou=e recede from their disagreement to the
Senate'sM\t>-thud amendment, and agiee to the same w ith
an amendment, as follows: strike our the wo-d " twenty"
in said amendment, and insert "thirty."
That the iiou-o recede hum their disagreement to so much
i of the Senate's si xty-sixth amendment a? proposes to stnke
out the woids " and twentyand m the same line stiike
out the woids " five cents;" and the Senate recede fiom
so much ot said amendment as proposes to insert " seven-
ty." and agiee to the ^une so amended.
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to so much
of the Senate's sixty-seventh amendment as proposes to in-
sert the woids " and on," and agree to the same With the
following amendment: stnkeoutthe words " and on," pro-
posed to he inserted; inline eighty-three, after the word
"rough," insert "or;" and 111 the same line strike out the
words "or sawed." In line eighty-four, strike out the
words " one dollar," and insert 111 lieu thereof "seventy-
five cents." fn line eighty-six, auer the woid "rough,"
insert " or;" and 111 the same line strike out the words" or
sawed." Inline eighty-eight, after the words " of marble,"
insert "marble slabs;" and in line eighty-nine, after the
woid " marble," inseit " sawed ;" and the Senate agree to
the same so amended.
That the House recede from their disagreement to thesev-
enty-secondamendinen'tofthe Senate, and agree to the same
with the following: after the woid " sheets," in line one
hundred and twenty of section eight, insert the word
" terne."
That the House recede from their disagreement to so
much of the Senate's eighty-seventh amendment as pio-
poses to stnke out the words " piovided that," in lines
twenty-two and twenty-three, of section seventeen, insert-
ing in lieu thereof the word " and ;" and to stiike out all
from the word " provided." m line thuty-eight, down to the
woid " treaty," in the fiftieth line, inclusive, and the Sen-
ate agree to the same ; and the Senate agiee to recede from
so much of their eighty-seventh amendment as proposes to
inseit from the word " that," in the fiftieth line, down to
the word ''specified," in the onehundied and second line,
inclusive, and furthci agree to transpose'all from the word
" for," in the one hundied and eleventh line, down to the
word "for," in the one hundred and thirteenth line inclu-
sive, to come in after the woid " require," in the one hun-
dred and tenth line ; and alter the woids " sixty-three," in
line one hundred and eighteen, add the following amend-
ment: "Jind provided fin ther, That the provisions of this
section shall not apply to countries wheif there is no consul,
vice consul, or commercial agent of the United States," and
that the House agree to the same so modified.
That tue House recede fiom their disagreement to so
much of the Senate's ninetieth amendment as proposes to
stnke out the woids ki and cnppei," and agiee to the same
with an amendment, as follows: aftet the woid " gold," 111
the sixteenth line, inseit " and;" and the Senate agree to
the same so modified.
That the House iccede fiom their disagreement to the
ninety-first amendment ot the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: stnke out all of said Sen-
ate amendment, and m lieu theieof inseit the following:
" that all goods, wares, and merchandise which may be in
public stoics or bonded warehouse on the 1st day of August,
1662, may be withdrawn for consumption upon payment ot
the duties now imposed thereon by law: Provided, The same
shall be so withdrawn within iluee months of the date of
original importation, but all goods, wares, and merchandise
which shall remain in the public stores or bonded ware-
house for more than three months fiom the date of original
impoitation, if withdrawn foi consumption, and all goods
on shipboaid on the 1st of dav of August, 1862, shall be
subject to the duties presciibed by this acr."
That the House lecede fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's ninety-seventh amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: alter the word "extend-
ed," in line throe ot'said amendment, insert "under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Tieaoury shall pre-
sciibe."
That the House reccde fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's ninety-eighth amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows-stnke out the word "third,"
in line one of said amendment ot the Senate, and inseit
fitth.'5
That the House rccede fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's ninety-ninth amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as Iollows: in line four of said Senate
amendment, strike out the woid "all," and insert in lieu
thereof the words " so much stiike out, in the same hue,
the woids " except so much thereof,55 and in lines five and
six strike out the words " a Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue," and inseit in lieu thereof the words " collectors and
assessors." W. P. FESSBNDEN,
J. F. STMMONS,
J. M. HOWARD,
Manager? on the part of the Senate.
' TIIADDEUS STEVENS,
J. S. MORRILL,
E. B. WASIIBURNE,
Managers on the pai t of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am ready to give any
explanation which gentlemen may desire about
this report. The House concur in most of the
Senate amendments, and some the Senate waive,
Mr. HARRIS. 1 desire to inquire what is the
state of the bonded warehouse question.
Mr. FESSJENDEN. Precisely the same as it
went from the Senate, except that we have changed
the phraseology.
Mr. HARRIS. IIow does it stand now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It stands in this way:
that goods m public stores or bonded warehouse
at the date of the passage of the act, may be taken
out at the present rates of duty within three
months from the time of their original importa-
tion, just as they might under the old law.
Mr. HARRIS. Then, in relation to the bonded
warehousing, I understand the time has been lim-
ited.
Mr. FESSEJNDEN. The time was three
months, but this extends it to a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was informed by a mem-
ber of the House, but he must have beon mistaken,
that the time was limited to three months; that
