312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
accidental, or it lias been owing to very good cause.
Our practice in Maryland is founded upon the
English law. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Dooi.it-
tle in the chair.) The Senator will suspend for
a moment. There is some conversation in the
Chamber, and some confusion in the gallery. The
Senate will please be in order.
Mr. PEARCE. I know, sir, the disadvantage
of speaking to the subject-matter of a bill when
the discussion has taken a personal form, and I
have very little hope of being heard, or that what
I may say 'Will be considered at this time. Nev-
ertheless,,it is my duty to say what I think; I am
sorry that it is so.
I said that the practice in regard to the jail de-
livery was that of Maryland antecedent to the
formation of the District, and that the Maryland
practice was based upon the English law. All per-
sons confined on criminal charges are discharged
at the close of every session of the court, unless
an indictment has been found against them, or
Unless there be some special cause. To satisfy
the Senate that this is the practice here, I beg leave
to read a letter from an officer of the court which
' details the practice, and which is quite as well
expressed as 1 can express it in my own language:
" Our criminal court holds three sessions yearly, March,
June, and December.
" On the first day of each term the marshal furnishes the
court and the grand jury a list ot persons in jail on criminal
charges. Witnesses on the jail list are summoned to be in
attendance, and the jury at once commence the business of
the session, and examine witnesses, whose names arc re-
turned in eacli case by the committing magistrate. If a
case is made out, they find an indictment, and trial may be
had forthwith; it'none in made out, orthey find the charges
frivolous, they at once have the prisoner discharged, and
the couit lias the following order entered in the minutes of
its proceedings, and a copy delivered to the marshal:
"'No. —. Jail list. A li is ordered to be discharged
from jail 011 the suggestion of the grand jury, ifiie is detained
for no other cause.'''
Sometimes it happens that witnesses are kept
out of the way, or keep out of the way of their
own accord, and the grand jury or the prosecuting
attorneyissatisfied of thatiuct, and that the man's
not being indicted is owing to the contrivances by
which this charge has been prevented from being
brought into the form of an indictment. In such
case the party may be held over; but this requires
a suggestion to be made to the court. Ordinarily,
nooCjection being shown,theparty is discharged,
as a matter of course, under the order which 1
have just read. After the grand jury close their
business, and are discharged, if any prisoners re-
main in jail, the court makes the following order,
which is entered in the minutes, and a copy de-
lived to the marshal:
"No. —, jail list, C D, and No. —, F G, &.C., [including
all remaining under those circumstances.] The grand jury
having adjourned without taking any action on the above
cases, the prisoners arc ordered to be discharged from jail,
if they arc detained for no other cause."
At every term, therefore, there is a clearing out,
or jail delivery. That is the practice of the court,
as I am very sure my informant has correctly
stated it. The Senator from Iowa, when he first
addressed the Senate on this subject, speaking of
criminal cases, mentioned one of a white man who
had been committed for alleged larceny, who was
ordered to be dismissed on the 6th day of Decem-
ber, but whom he found recently in jail. That
man is still in jail. I think the Senator informed
us that the man told him he had been sick, and
denied that he knew of the order for his discharge.
I am informed that the party is not only sick, but
friendless, utterly destitute, unable, from poverty
and sickness, to procure for himself a bare sub-
sistence.
Mr. GRIMES. We have an almshouse to
which to send him.
Mr. PEAIICE. I will speak of that in a mo-
ment. That man remains in jail at his own re-
quest. He is very anxious not to be turned into
the streets, where he mustdepend on private char-
ity or die. Now, the Senator says he ought to
be sent to the almshouse; and, in his speech the
other day, he said the man ought to be sent to the
almshouse, which is supported at the expense of
Congress. There, I think, the Senator has made
a mistake. There is no almshouse supported by
Congress. In many years' service on the Finan-
cial Committee, I never saw any item of appro-
priation for an almshouse. There is an alms-
house here, which isa local institution, supported
by the corporation, and over which the marshal
has no more control than any other person in the
District. There are commissioners of the poor
here, as there are in the counties of. Maryland,
and it depends on their judgment whether any one
shall be sent to the poor-house or not. The mar-
shal has no authority to send any one there. In
fact, the marshal is now supporting this man at
his own expense; he does not get a dollar of jail
fees for him. He is supported now on the benev-
olence of the marshal; the Government pays him
nothing for it.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to ask the Senator
why should the marshal take up the limited room
of the jail by putting that man in and crowding
prisoners who are lawfully there ?
Mr. PEARCE. I cannot answer that any fur-
ther than to say that I think if he had turned him
out of doors, especially when it was snowing,
the Senator would have made a graver charge
against him. We should have bitter invectives
against his inhumanity; it would have been termed
a gross and inhuman outrage; and I do not know
how much vituperation we should have heard of
the cruelty of the marshal. For my part, so far
as this single case is concerncd, I think it rather
an evidence of his humanity.
Mr. CLARK. One word. I find no fault with
the humanity of the marshal, but it is etident the
bill is necessary to contrtl the purposes of the
jail.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not think so, for the
reason that the bill cannot make it the duty of the
marshal any more than it now is, and does not
propose to make it more. He is now furnished
with the jail list, and it is his duty to discharge
the man. He remains there notin unwilling con-
finement, but purely voluntarily.
Mr. GRIMES. That may be so; the Senator
may be correctly informed; but if so, the man him-
self told me what was not true. He did not so
express himself to me, nor to those who were with
me.
Mr. PEARCE. That is not at all unlikely. It
is not rare for men in jail to tell different stories.
Every one who lias been their counsel knows that
that is not strange. They seem to consider the
expediency of the moment, and not the sanctity of
truth. I only know, in regard to this man, that
he is there voluntarily, and now wishes to remain
there, and the marshal has no right to send him
to the almshouse; there is no almshouse supported
by the Government to which the marshal can send
him, and it would be a gross act of inhumanity
to turn him out, and the marshal is really sup-
porting him at his own expense. These are facts
which cannot be controverted.
Now, sir, this bill proposes in its terms to dis-
charge from confinement at the close of the term
all persons who have been put into confinement
before the session of the grand jury and have not
been indicted by the grand jury. The law already
effects that very purpose, and if you pass this bill,
so far as that is concerned, you do nothing but
make that statutory which is the law otherwise
now. There are other persons usually and now
confined in the jail, and I apprehend that the real
matter of interest to which this bill applies will
be found to be connected with the cases of those
other persons rather than with criminals who are
in confinement there. I do not know that there
is much necessity for Congress interfering in re-
gard to these other persons, because there is a
power here greater than the law itself that does
not allow the law to stand in its way, but sets up
its own arbitrary will in place of law, and which
does discharge such persons from the jail here.
I have a list which I have procured of seventeen
persons lately confined in this jail, who were dis-
missed from it on the 9th, 18th, and 31st of De-
cember last, by order of the provost marshal. What
right the provost marshal has to walk into the jail
and direct a general jail delivery, I do not know.
I do not recognize his authority. I think ita great
usurpation, an utter abomination; and if such prac-
tices are to extend to other branches of public law,
I do not know how soon Senators themselves may
be told, as Cromwell once told the House of Com-
mons, " Your time is come. The Lord has done
with you." Now, sir, these other persons are
negroes, of course—some of them believed to be
from Maryland and to be runaway slaves, and
others " contrabands" from Virginia. I suppose
with regard to them it was a military law by which
they were discharged, though I do not know by
what process military authority is exercised over
criminal judicature. I think it possible, too, thjt
the visits of a band of Government detectives to
the jail may have led to this order of the marshal.
That I do not propose to discuss. I regret that in
this order he has made the provision in regard to
members of Congress which he seems to have
made. It would have been more proper, 1 think;
certainly more expedient, if he had made no ob-
jection to members of Congress visiting the jail at
their pleasure; and I hope, ifhe remains in office,
that he will modify his recommendation immedi-
ately. But all this furnishes no reason, that I can
perceive, for the passage of this bill.
Now, sir, the persons other than criminals who
are confined in the District jail are held under the
old law of Maryland, which authorized the taking
up of runaways and putting them in jail. We
have, however, since this District was formed,
modified our law very much, and in that particu-
lar! think it would be well if a statutory modifi-
cation were made here. Now when a negro is
taken up in Maryland, an advertisement is abso-
lutely necessary, and, after that advertisement has
been made some forty or sixty days I believe, it
is made the duty of the sheriff to take the party
before a judge of the court, or a justice of the or-
phan's court, who shall hear all the circumstances
as far as they are known, and who may either
remand him to jail if satisfied he is a slave, or di-
rect his discharge if there is insufficient evidence
of his being a slave. There is no such thing in
Maryland now as selling a free man for jail fees.
That is put an end to by our statute, not in ex-
press words, but by the necessary effect of the
law; and in the District there is no such thing
now. I do not know whether it is by positive law
or because the practice has fallen into desuetude,
but there is no such thing as selling a free man,
who is arrested as a runaway, for jail fees. Such
a thing has not been done for twenty-five years,
and the jail fees are not paid by the public in such
case; they are the loss of the marshal. The cost
of his support is paid out of the marshal's pocket.
I think during the time that General Hunter was
marshal of the District there #vas a special act
passed by which he was compensated for certain
jail fees, but that act either expired by its own
limitation, or has in some way or other become
obsolete; and I know that accounts for jail fees
could not now be passed by the accounting officers
of the Treasury. Mr. Whittlesey refused to pass
accounts of that sort years ago. The only pro-
vision in regard'to that class of people that seems
to me to be necessary is one that shall direct their
discharge after a limited time, or earlier, indeed, if
the party can prove his freedom. But I object to
this bill, because in regard to that class of people
it seems to me to undertake to do that which Con-
gress have no right to do. It provides that those
against whom indictments are not found at the
term of their confinement shall be entitled to their
liberty. It seems to mc that the Senate will be
very unwise to pass an act of this sort, which is,
in fact, a sort of act of emancipation.
I therefore propose—and I hope the Senator
from Iowa may be inclined to accept the amend-
ment—to modify the bill on the seventh and eighth
lines of the first section. I cannot move the
amendment at this time, because there is another
amendment pending, but I suggest that the bill
should be modified, by striking out'the words,
" entitled to their liberty,"in the eighth line of the
first section, and inserting in lieu thereof, "dis-
charged from confinement;" and as a necessary
consequence of that, to strike out the words, " set
at liberty," in the ninth line, and insert, "dis-
charged from confinement," so that the section
will then read, that such persons " be, and they are
hereby, declared to be discharged from confine-
ment, and it is hereby made the duty of the mar-
shal to discharge all such persons from confine-
ment, without expense to such persons." That
would accomplish the main purpose of the bill,
I think, and it would avoid that which, in my
judgment, the Senate will be very unwise to enter
upon.
We know how much this question agitates the
minds of many persons in this country, in both
sections, and we know that any act of emancipa-
tion, even a partial one, passed by Congress at
this time, would be greatly injurious to interests
which all of us here I hope have at heart. You can-
not expect success in restoring the Union if it be
