1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3255
the duties must be paid on all importations within
three m.onths; that the bonds only run for three
months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will read it.
Mr.SHERMAN. TheSenator's word is suffi-
cient.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will read the provision:
That all goods, wares, and merchandise which may be in
public stores or bonded warehouse 011 the 1st day of August,
1862, may be withdrawn for consumption upon payment of
the duties^ now imposed thereon bylaw: Provided^ The
same shall be so withdrawn within three months from the
date of the original importation; but all goods, wares, and
merchandise which shall remain in the public stoics or
bonded warehouse for more than three months from the
date of original importation, if withdrawn for consumption,
and all articles on shipboard on the lsr day of August,
1862, shall be subject to the duties prescribed by this act.
Mr. POWELL. -It is not my purpose to detain
the Senate. I merely wish to say, as I did not
have an opportunity when this bill was passed of
recording my vote against it, that I am utterly
opposed to the bill. I think the tariff is prohib-
itory, and calculated to destroy commerce and to
yield very little revenue. I sfiall not take up the
time of the Senate even by calling for the yeas
and nays on this report. I merely wish to state
that I am opposed to the bill and to the report.
The report was concurrcd in.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to make a report from
a committee of conference. The committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
to the bill (S. No- 89) to amend the act of the 3d
of March, 1837, entitled "An act supplementary
to the act entitled 1 An act to amend the judicial
system of the United States,' " have met, and
afterfull and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend that the House of Representatives recede
from all its amendments, exceptthosein which the
Senate heretofore concurred, and that the House
concur in the Senate's amendment, amended, as
follows:
The districts of Louisiana, Texas, Aikansad, Kentucky,
and Tennessee shall constitute the sixth ciicuit; the dis-
tricts of Ohio and Indiana shall constitute the seventh cir-
cuit; the districts of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Illinois
shall constitute the eighth circuit, and the districts oiMis-
souii, Iowa, Kansas, and Minnesota shall constitute the
ninth circuit.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will not
pass upon that report at present. The bill is one
of the utmost importance, for the reorganization
of the judicial circuits of the United States, and
the report which is now presented differs broadly
from any scheme which has heretofore been sug-
gested either in the Senate or in the House of Rep-
resentatives*, it is, in fa§t, a new bill. Before any
further action on the subject is taken in this body,
I move that the report be printed. I shall have
something to say on the subject at the proper time,
but I am not prepared at this time. 1 hope that
the report will be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the Sen-
ator accompany that motion with the further mo-
tion that the report lie on the table?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT. I trust that the motion will
not succeed. It is evident that, in a day or two,
there will be no quorum in the other House, even
if there shall be here. There is no necessity for
printing the report. The question can be stated
in a moment; and if the gentleman has any objec-
tions, he can present them. The only difference
between the action of the Senate and this report
is, that the State of Michigan is attached to an-
other circuit. The circuit west of the Mississippi
river is precisely the same; Ohio and Indianaate
together; Kentucky is placed where she was in the
House bill. lean say to the Senator from Michi-
gan that I was very desirous of having his State
where he wanted it. There is a unanimous report
of the committees of both Houses. I trust the
Senate will take it up and decide it at once. It is
a privileged question. ,
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will at least
do my State the justice to have the report printed,
and allow me an opportunity to discuss it before
it is passed upon. I have not been consulted by
a member of the committee of conference; and the
proposition is entirely new to me. I claim it as
a matter of justice that i have an opportunity to
see the report in print, and discuss it in the Sen-
ate. We shall then see whether the Senate will
concur in this radical change which the committee
of conference has seen fit to make of all the bills
that have bee-n submitted to us upon-this most im-
portant subject.
Mr.,WRIGHT. One word..There can be no
objection certainly to the gentleman being heard;
buf there is no necessity for printing the report.
The whole matter is in two or three lines.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no idea of having a
snap judgment taken on me in this way, if I can
.help it.
Mr. WRIGHT. There is no desire for that.
Mr. HOWARD. I do notknow about that. It
is sufficient that the Senator disclaims it. I must
draw my own inferences.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think the request of
the Senator from Michigan an unreasonable one.
If he were ready to go on now, I should not claim
my right to the floor, as I do not think anything
I shall say ought to interfere with the transaction
of business of the importance suggested by this
bill; but as he says he is not ready to go on now,
and desires to be heard, I think he is entitled to
that right, and hence I hope the report may lie on
the table until to-morrow at any rate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I only fear that in a day or
two we shall have no quorum. I am certainly
willing that the gentleman shall be heard, but this
is a privileged question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports of
conference committees have been received as priv-
ileged questions, but not so highly privileged as
to deprive a member of the floor. The Senator
from Iowa yielded the floor for the purpose of re-
ceiving this and other reports from the committees
of conference.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise merely to inquire whether
it has ever been the custom to print reports of com-
mittees of conference. It certainly has not been
since X have been in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
not aware of that practice; but nevertheless it is a
proper motion, if a Senator desires such a report
to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be competent for the
Senator from Indiana tocal-Utup, I suppose,after
the Senator from Iowa gets through, as it is a
privileged question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly. Tlyi
Senator from Indiana can caFI it up at any time
when he gets the floor for that purpose. Reports
from committees of conference are privileged and
highly privileged.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have no desire to insist upon
it, except that I fear we shall soon have no quo-
rum in the other House at any rate.
Mr. KING. I think we shall have a quorum.
We ought to have.
The ^RESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the report and bill lie
upon the table, and that the report be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that motion will
prevail. Michigan lias been placed outside, with-
out consultation and against her wishes. She cer-
tainly is entitled to be heard, and I think she is
entitled to a little consideration in this body. We
were placed in the original bill just where we
wanted to be. We were in an association that
suited us. I do not complain of the association in
which itis now proposed toputus, butuisincon-
venient, and I think it is unjust. 1 hope the Sen-
ate will reject this report,and I say it now, because
I do not propose to discuss it when the bill comes
up. My colleague will; he is a lawyer; I am not.
I hope that his motion will prevail, and that he
will at least be heard upon so important a matter
to the State of Michigan as her judicial status for
the next ten years, or twenty, perhaps.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. 1 hope the matter will be
postponed. I should be exceedingly opposed to
haying this report rushed through, after the decla-
ration of the Senator from Michigan that this was
a sort of snap judgment. If so, those who have
had a hand in making this report, and agreeing to
it, are parties to a transaction of that kind, and I
think it is due to the managers on the part of the
two Houses that the whole thing should be venti-
lated, and let us see whether there is any snap
judgment.
Mr. KING. It should be so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for ad ivision of the ques-
tion, so that we may vote separately upon order-
ing the printing.
I ho PRESlDENT pro tempore. A division be-
ing asked, the first question will be on the motion
that the report and bill lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT ^7*o tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion to print the rfeport.
The motion was agreed to—ayes eighteen, noes
not counted.
TEItM OF SERVICE OF MILITIA. ~
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
!N"or384) to amend the act "calling forth the mili-
tia to execute the laws of the Union, to suppress in-
sunections, and repel invasions," approved Feb-
ruary 28, 1795, which was temporarily laid aside,
is again before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN resumed and concluded his
speech. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. DAVIS. If I had not been referred to by
name by two of the Senators that have taken part
in this debate, I should not have said another word
in this debate.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from Kentucky
give way a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. I will yield for an explanation.
^ Mr. HALE. 1 was about to make a sugges-
tion, if it is agreeable to the Senate. It is this:
there are a large number of nominations from the
President upon the table, and they ought to be re-
ferred to the appropriate committees, and my sug-
gestion is that we have an executive session, if
for nothing else, long enough to refer those mes-
sages.
Mr. DAVIS. I will leave plenty of time for
that.
Mr. HALE. You do not know yourself how
long it will take you.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I remarked that
but for the manner in which 1 had been referred
to by name by two of the Senators who have
taken part in this debate, I should have said noth-
ing further on the subject. As it is, 1 have no
doubt it will be very agreeable to the Senator from
New Hampshire and other gentlemen to know
that I do not intend to occupy the attention of the
Senate a great while.
The particular and interesting question before
the Senate is this: shall the President of the Uni-
ted States be authorized by this bill to arm the
negro slaves of the United States? Gentlemen
who support it have brought forward authority
which they say bears directly on the pending ques-
tion, and sanctions tlte measure of now arming
the slaves. Sir, I hold that this is a question of
expediency, policy, and humanity, and that every
proposition for arming the negroes ought to be
decided by the circumstances of each particular
case. I will show by a very few remarks that
there is no sort of analogy between the cases cited
by the two honorable Senators from Minnesota
and the present occasion, which, it is said, de-
mands the negroes should be armed.
There has been produced as yet evidence of but
a single State that proceeded to arm slaves in the
revolutionary war,and that was theState ofRhode
island. I have a statement here of the number
of slaves in the State of Rhode Island at the time
the first census of the United States was taken in
1790. The number then was something overnine
hundred—under one thousand. I presume that in
the year 1776 they were less; but I have no in-
formation as to the number'of slaves in theState
of Rhode Island during the revolutionary war, or
at any time previous to 1790 Whatwus the condi-
tion of things in the revolutionary war when Gen-
eral Washington authorized and desired the en-
ollmentin the State of Rhode Island of her slave
population, or such of it as Were of capacity to
render military service,in order to eke out the two
battalions that that State was then required to
raise ? We were pressed upon by an enemy from
across the ocean. The colonies had been almost
subjugated in 1776 by the British foe. General
Washington was i etieating fiom New York across
New Jersey and over the Delaware river during the
winter of that year. The struggling States were
in the greatest possible strait, pressed by an over-
powering enemy. The question then arose, was
it expedient and proper that the slaves of Rhode
Island should be organized into the battalions
which that State was called upon to send to the
assistance of Washington's army? Why should
it not have been done, sir? The only persons that
could have be^n injured by tho acts of those slave
