1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
at all times by (he Constitution. If not, why is
that miserable formula performed at the Clerk's
desk when members are admitted to their seats,
and swear to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States? Swear to support that instrument we
intend to violate! Declare that, in time of war, we
are not bound by it! This is mockery. Passing
by the guilt in/oro conscieniia, sucha'rule of con-
duct will lead to anarchy; if adopted and acted
upon by a majority in each House, it is revolution.
I believe the Constitution contains ample powers
for times of war as well as for times of peace.
Provision was made by the framers of that instru-
ment, by the delegation of ample powers to the
national Legislature, to provide forevery exigency
and emergency which may arise. The laws of
nations must be respccted and observed. It is
recognized in this Constitution. When the ex-
igency may arise, it is as much the duty of the
American statesman to enforce international law
as it its to enforce the Constitution. I am desirous
of adopting such measures 'as may be sufficient,
and within the provisions of the Constitution, to
put down this infamous rebellion. I have no sym-
pathy with those traitors. 'I desire to see the
Union restored, and that we shall be again but
one people.
Time will not permit mc to enterinto the causes
winch led to this attempted disruption of the Con-
federacy. I can only refer to the fact that one of the
two great parties in this Union—the Democratic
party—was influenced too much by ultra men, by
men of the South Carolina school of politics, who
look upon this Government as a mere rope of sand,
to be dissolved whenever any one State of the Con-
federacy shall declare that it will no longer yield
obedience to the Constitution. Such politicians
deflate secession a peaceable and constitutional
measure. They have impressed this erroneous
opinion on the minds of too many of the people of
this country.
I never have believed in that doctrine. And I
say, with ail respect to you, gentlemen of the Re-
publican party, you have been influenced too much
in your actions by a sect of men denominated abo-
litionists. Their principles are not the principles
of the Republican party. They may be in the
party, but they are not Republicans in theirprin-
ciples. You have been influenced by them in
some of the steps you have taken. These two
extremes, North and South, have made the people
of both sections of the country dissatisfied with
each other, each believing the people of the other
section to be enemies and not friends.
Time does not permit me to expatiate on this
point. Suffice it to say it has resulted m eleven
States placing themselves in open rebellion to this
Government. There was no just or sufficient
cause for the people of these States to take up
arms against the Government, or to attempt a
revolution. The horrible state of affairs which
exists in this country is the work of politicians
and demagogues—it is not the work of the people.
Hut I must proceed to the consideration of the
propositions now before us.
One of the bills under consideration proposes to
confiscate all the estate of certain classes of per-
sons who may be guilty of treason. The second
proposes the emancipation of their slaves. Both
these bills are predicated upon the supposition
that they are sanctioned by the Constitution,and
arc necessary for the suppression of the rebellion.
I tell you, Representatives, that ifyou enact these
laws, instead of putting an end to this rebellion
you but add fuel to the flames that are now fiercely
raging in the southern portion of this Union. I
assert these bills contain principles not sanctioned
by the Constitution. Treatment of belligerents is
proposed, not sanctioned by the laws of nations.
Nor can these principles be sustained by the best jj
authorities on international law. This Govern-h
ment never asserted such monstrous doctrines, \\
either in the revolutionary war or in the war of jj
1812 with Great Britain. Nor did we assort such '•
as our right in the prosecution of the war with jj
Mexico. Thice different wars with foreign na- j1
tions, and the statesmen of those days did not con- j i
tend for such measures as the authors of these
bills expect us to adopt. And will we impose upon
our own citizens, upon citizens of this Republic, h
though in rebellion, terms moie onerous and more jj
burdensome, with more uf the rigors of war, than j
we are willing to impose upon citizens of foreign j
nations with which we may be engaged in war? II
I trust not. Have we forgotten that our ances-
tors accomplished a successful revolution, and that
Great Britain never adopted such harsh and severe
measures towards them who rebelled against that
Government?
Mr. Speaker, I do not come here as a partisan
to discuss this question. I have laid aside all
party feeling, all party affiliation, everything that
shall impede the vigorous and successful prose-
cution of this war. Holding to a strict construc-
tion of the Constitution, I shall, as far as in me
lies, endeavor to aid the President of the United
States in the suppression of this rebellion and
in the restoration of the Union in its integrity.
My principles, however, upon all the great politi-
cal topics of the day remain unchanged, and, upon
the restoration of peace, I shall assert and main-
tain them, as 1 have heretofore asserted and main-
tained them.
During a state of war, private property on land
is not subject to seizure or capture by the enemy.
There are some exceptions to this rule. If you
will appeal for your authority to the laws of na-
tions as it was held and acted on two or three cen-
turies ago, I admit you will find the principles of
this bill sustained. You will find, too, thata bel-
ligerent may make slaves of his captives. He
may demand a ransom for his captives, and the
United States did, in 1823, pay a ransom for pris-
oners. An act was passed by the Congress of
the United States authorizing a ransom to be paid
for the prisoners who were captured and retained
by the Indian allies of Great Britain in the war
of 1812.
We find the law laid down by the writers on in-
ternational law that real estate may be confiscated
by the conqueror. No such doctrine is recognized
by any writer of the present day. The doctrines
of international law have been modified and ac-
commodated, from time to time, to suit the spirit
of the age, in conformity with the civilization and
enlightenment of the civilized nations of the earth.
There is no arbiter to declare the law govern-
ing the intercourse of nations. None whatever.
But, nevertheless, there are certain fixed and de-
termined rules recognized by all civilized nations.
Some have been established by treaty, others by
usage, others are to be found in the essays of the
publicist andthe conespondence of diplomatists.
This Government has always asserted that
private property on land is exempt from confisca-
tion by the enemy. We have claimed from Great
Britain restitution of private property, including
slaves, captured on land during war. Restitution
was made or indemnity was given. This was a
subject-matter of negotiation in forming the treaty
of 1814, with Great Biitain. In support of this
position I trust I shall produce authority which
even the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Eliot,] who opened this debate, cannot gainsay.
I will produce the opinions of an eminent states-
man of his own State, now no more, who asserted
the doctrine for which I contend in the strongest
terms possible,when he was representingourGov-
ernment at the Court of St. James.
With respect to the confiscation of an enemy's
real estate, it seems to be unnecessary to produce
authorities to show it is not liable to confiscation.
.The authorities upon which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] relies to support the
principles of this bill, were generally the proceed-
ing in prize courts, or the law relating to the con-
fiscation of property captured from the enemy on
water. If the gentleman will again examine his
authorities, lie will find different rules prevail re-
garding the capture of property on land and on the
sea. All the modern writers on international law
declare real estate of the enemy is not subject to
confiscation. Manning, in his treatise on the law
of nations, remarks:
But at th<> present day landed property and immovable
properly in general is not liable to confiscation fiom the ef-
fects of the war."
I might cite other authorities in support of this
position.
Manning remarks:
" With regard to movable property, the law is notso mod-
erate in it*- ticahnent, movable pioperty is still considered
as> liable m *piznre; but by the practice of modern waifare j
this also is frequently respected, the right of seizing mov- i
able propeity being lelmquisht'd for the levy of icquisi- I
ttoni, or foiced contribution, of different things needed by I
the invading army ; and a* long as these aie supplied, all j
other movable propelty is respected by the hostile force, j
and cannot be taken unless paid /or, excepting stieh cases
as vvheie towns are taken by assault, or where retaliation I
is used for the conduct of the enemy." * * * , *
" Such have been the modifications introduced by the posi-
tive Jaw of nations, and now constituting the European
usage in wars by land. But in maritime warfare no such
moderation has ever been practiced."
Why then cite the decisions of prize courts for
the purpose of settling the Jaws of nations re-
specting captures upon land? They have no ap-
plication to the subjects under consideration. The
law in relation to captures upon the sea makes all
private property belonging to the enemy liable to
capture and confiscation. I am speaking in gen-
eral terms, there are exceptions. But what say
our own writers upon international law, relative
to the capture of private property on land ? Kent
remarks:
" The general rule now is not to touch private property
upon land without making compensation, unless in special
cases dictated by the necessary operations of war; or when
captured in places carried by storm, and which repelled all
the overtures for capitulation. Contributions are sometimes
levied upon a conquered eountry in lieu of confiscation of
property, and as some indemnity for the expenses of main-
taining order and affording protection."
Not to defray the expenses of the prosecution
of the war, but for the support of the army, for
the purpose of compensating them for preserving
order and protecting the citizens of the conquered
province, town, or village. Again, Wheaton lays
down the doctrine, as follows:
" Prom tlie moment one State is at war with another, it
has, on general principles, a right to seize on all the enemy's
property of whatsoever kind and wheresoever found, and to
appropriate the property thus taken to its own use or to that
of the captors, tty the ancient law of nations, even what
were called re* sacra were not exempt from capture and
confiscation." * * * * «Private property
on land is also exempt from confiscation, with the excep-
tion of such as may become booty in special cases, when
taken from enemies in the field or in besieged towns, and
of military contributions levied upon the inhabitants of the
hostilp tenitory. This exemption extends even to the case
of an absolute and unqualified conquest of the enemy's
pioperty. In ancient times both the movable and immov-
able property of the vanquished passed to the conqueror."
The progress of civilization has slowly but con-
stantly tended to soften the extreme severity of
the operations of war by land, but it still remains
unrelaxed in respect to maritime warfare, in which
the private property of the enemy taken at sea or
afloat in port, is indiscriminately liable to capture
and confiscation.
Thus, sir, temples, houses of worship, and pub-
lic buildings devoted to the public use, and not
used for military purposes, were exempt from
capture. And Great Britain violated the rules ot
civilized warfare when, in the war of 18X2, with-
out cause, her soldiers destroyed the Capitol in
this city. It was a flagrant violation of the law
of nations as recognized by every writer upon
international law.
This Government, in its negotiations with Great
Britain, maintained that her conduct in the cap-
ture of the private property of citizens along the
Chesapeake, and in the seizure and carrying away
from the Atlantic coast private property, includ-
ing slaves, was a violation of the law of nations.
It became a subjcct of negotiation with Great
Britain, and in that negotiation the doctrine was
distinctly laid down by John Cluincy Adams, then
representing this nation at the Court of St. James,
that private property taken upon land was not
subject to seizure or capture. This Government
sought from Great Britain indemnification for the
private property which her forces had seized and
confiscated,
.In the letter of Mr. Adams to the Secretary of
State, detailing the conversation he had with the
British minister, I find the following:
'* Our object was the restitution of all property, includ-
ing slaves, which by the usages of war among civilized na-
tions ought not to have been taken. Ail private property
on shore was of rh3t desciiption. It was entitled, by the
laws of war, to exemption from capture. Slaves were pri-
vate property." * * * * "It was true proc-
lamations inviting slaves to desert from their masters had
been issued by Itrtushofficor*. We considered them as de-
viations from the usages of war."
The spirit of the proclamations and orders of
some of our military commanders is not in accord-
ance with the principles asserted by Mr. Adams.
He considers those proclamations inviting slaves
to desert from their masters as deviations from the
usages of war. He says that slaves are not the
subject of capture, nor is any other private prop-
eity. Immediately following that which I have
read, he remarks:
u We believe that the British Government itself would,
when the hostile passions arising from the state of war
should subside, consider them in the same light; that Great
