314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
tors to know if that is their object. If it is, of
course they will vote down the amendment I pro-
pose, which is to except fugitive slaves from the
operation of the law.
But there is another objection to it which has
been pointed out by the Senator from Maryland It
provides that " all such persons shall be set at lib-
erty." I do not know.the exact scope and verge
of that declaration, but it seems the object is not
only to turn them out of the jail, but to give them
their liberty. It is certainly manifestly improper,
while the institution of slavery exists here, while
it exists in the surrounding States, or, indeed,
while it exists in any State of the Union, that there
should be any laws requiring a fugitive slave who
is held in jail to be turned out in this summary
manner.
It was not my purpose to discuss the bill at any
length, but merely to show what was the law now
in the District of Columbia; that it is amply suf-
ficient for the release of persons confined in jail
on criminal charges against whom no indictments
have been found, and that the only effect of the
bill will be to release fugitive slaves. If the Sen-
ate intend to do that, I would greatly prefer they
would do it directly, and declare the object in the
title of the bill. The Constitution guaranties to
the people of the States where the institution of
slavery is acknowledged a right to that species of
property, and I do not think the Senate of a com-
mon country should pass laws to lessen their secu-
rity in that description of property, or to deprive
them of it, which I think this bill will do. I trust
that ray amendment will be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY^ Mr. President, I agree meas-
urably with the Senator from Kentucky that we
do not so much need law on this subject as we
do the execution of the law rightfully. But, sir,
I want to remind the Senator from Kentucky that
the law which he refers to as being the law of
Maryland was passed in 1?96, and that Congress
acquired exclusive jurisdiction here in 1791; and
the law of Congress that he read, declaring that
the laws of Maryland should remain the laws of
the District, says the laws that were then the-laws
of Maryland, not the laws that Maryland might
pass in all time to come. The only law of slavery
in Maryland in 1791, when she ceded this District
to the united States, was a law passed in 1715;
and I want to remark here, that there was no law
for perpetual slavery in Maryland at the time she
gave up the title to this District. The law of 1715
was, that slaves and negroes imported into the
colony, and their children, their immediate chil-
dren, should be slaves during their natural lives;
but it did not extend to descendants generally; and
unless there are slaves in this District to-day whose
father or mother either was imported into Mary-
land, or the direct children of the first generation of
slaves imported in to Maryland, they are not slaves
here to-day legally. I have said before, and I say
now, that I believe what we need is the execution
of the law as it really is, for there is no law for
slavery in this District. Maryland passed a law,
not only in 1796, but in 1704, and has been pass-
ing at various times statutes on this subject. Not
expecting the question to come up to-day, I did
not bring with me the direct references, but I
quote from memory. The point I make is simply
this: that there being no law for perpetual slavery
at the time the District was ceded, the subsequent
laws of Maryland are not applicable, and there-
fore there is no perpetual slavery here, and the
fugitive slave law of 1793 and the fugitive slave
law of 1850 do not apply, because they only re-
late to States, and not to this District.
One other word in reference to the presumption
as a matter of evidence. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has just told us that these persons when
taken must prove their freedom. 1 think the rule
of the courts usually in all slave States is that
where amajority of colored men are slaves, a col-
ored man has to prove that he is free; but where
a majority of the colored people are free, if you
undertake to establish the slavery of a man, you
must prove that be is a slave. In this District there
arc ten thousand colored persons and only about
ihree thousand slaves, and therefore the presump-
tion is in favor of freedom; and the majority being
free, if you claim that a man is a slave, you must
prove it. That is all I desire to say on the point
at this time.
Mr. MORRILL. Being a member of this com-
mittee, Mr. President, and having given some
little attention to this matter while it was in com-
mittee, I should like to say a word or two in re-
gard to it.
The bill is a very simple one, and very direct
in its provisions. It is hardly susceptible of any
double interpretation. It was designed to correct
a very long-standing abuse which, upon examina-
tion, the committee found to exist in the jail of
this District. It was found that for many years
persons had been held from term to term of the
court without indictment and without due process
of law. To meet that state of facts, this bill pro-
vides in its first section that all persons, excepting
such as are held on final judgment, shall, at the
adjournment of the court, no bill of indictment
having been found, be discharged from confine-
ment, there being no process pending against them;
and that I understand to be in conformity with
the principles of the common law to which the
Senator from Kentucky has alluded, and in con-
formity with the general principles of jurispru-
dence throughout the civilized world; that my ar-
gument should not befelo de.se, of course I should
except the District of Columbia; and it was to meet
that difficulty precisely that this bill was brought
in, and no other that 1 know of.
Now, the honorable Senator from Maryland
takes objection to this provision because he says
that upon a fair criticism of the language 'it may
be interpreted to emancipate somebody from a
state of servitude. Nothing was more foreign to
the purposes of the committee than that; and no-
where else in the world, it seems to me, would
any such interpretation be put on this language.
This is a bill for the purpose of discharging from
imprisonment prisoners, that is all. It takes no
other cognizance of the status of a man except
that he is imprisoned; and he is to be set at lib-
erty—from what? From hisimprisonment. How-
ever, if there is the slightest objection to the lan-
guage, I think I may say for the chairman he will
accept the amendment proposed, if it ism accord-
ance with the wishes of the Senator from Mary-
land, and declare merely that persons shall be
discharged from confinement; and that sets that
at rest. I understand that to obviate the difficulty
of the Senator from Maryland.
But the Senator from Kentucky starts another
objection, and that is that there is no necessity for
the bill atali,and that, according to the principles
of the common law, which he insists was in force
here, the law is precisely what this bill now con-
templates and what this bill seeks to make it. The
first answer and the obvious one to that is, that
it is not so understood in this District. It is not,
and for a quarter of a century and more has not
been, here practiced by the courts. They do not
so recognize the law, do not so act upon it. The
abuse exists, notwithstanding the interpretation
given to the law by the Senator from Kentucky.
That is a sufficient answer. As a measure of
practical legislation, let this Congress speak au-
thoritatively on the subject and correct the abuse.
That is my first answer; and the second is that I
take issue with the honorable Senator as to the
law.
Now wlmt is the argument? The argument is
that the laws of Maryland at the time the District
was formed were in force here, and by the statute
of Congress they were to be continued in force;
and then the argument proceeds to show that by
the constitution of Maryland the common law of
England was in force in Maryland, and by the
statute of Henry VII, which the Senator assumes
to be the common law of England, precisely this
provision was provided for by act of Parliament;
that at the end of the judicial term a general jail
delivery, of all persons against whom indictments
were not found, should take place. Now, the
weakness and the defect of the argument is in
undertaking to enforce a statute of King Henry
VII as the common law of England, and so the
common law of Maryland, and so, by statute of
the United States, applicable to this District. As
a lawyer, the honorable Senator would not con-
tend for that. There is no law upon this subject
to direct the court in its practice, and this practice
has long obtained;and as the honorable chairman
of the committee stated this morning, under itlias
grown the vicious habit of retaining men in prison
m this city month after month, and many months,
I think extending to over a whole year, when it
turns out on examination that there never was
any judicial process against them.
I do not care to discuss the question whether
this covers fugitive slaves or toot. I do not know.
The committee did not start such a proposition;
but if there be a practice in this District of hold-
ing persons in the jail without process of law, it
does reach them, and it ought to reaeh them, be
they black or white. That is my answer to that
argument.
For these reasons, Mr. President, and for the
purpose of correcting a long-standing and flagrant
abuse, with the amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland, which 1 hope will
be accepted, I trust this bill will pass.
Mr. POWELL. A single word in reply to the
honorable Senator from Maine. He seems to
think that I asserted that the statute of King
Henry VII was a part of the common law. I
certainly made no such assertion. I took no such
position. I stated that under and by the princi-
plesofthe common law, parties in prison, against
whom the grand jury had found no indictment
were entitled to a discharge. I then referred to a
statute passed in the third year of the reign of King
Henry VII regulating the mode and manner of
the discharge. Allow me to tell the Senator, as
I before stated I thought very explicitly, that by
virtue of the constitution of Maryland not only is
the common law extended to this people but all
English statutes passed prior to July 4, 1776. I
read distinctly the provision of the constitution
ofMarylandto thateffect. Certainly the Senator
will not gainsay the fact that King Henry VII lived
and reigned before the year 1776. If so, the statute
of King Henry VII passed in the third year of
his reign was extended to the people of Mary-
land, and not only are prisoners held in the jail
of this District after the grand jury has failed to
find true bills against them entitled to their dis-
charge by the wise and humane principles of the
common law, as I have read to you from Black-
stone, but they are entitled to the specific mode
of procedure prescribed by the statute of Henry
VII in consequence of that statute being extended
to the people of Maryland, by the provision in the
constitution of that State which I have read.
There can be no douT>t that all the ancient law
of jail deliveries is in force now in the District of
Columbia. There never has been a period since
the formation of this District when those laws
were not in force in it. They are in force to-day.
No gentleman claims that any statute of the Uni-
ted States has repealed them. I will venture to
say that in four fifths of the States of this Union,
particularly the older States—the thirteen origi-
nal States—persons are, delivered from jail by
virtue of the principles of the common law and
the British statutes passed anterior to the Revo-
lution. That is the mode in which it is done, and
I read extracts from the orders of the criminal
court in this District to show that that court had,
in pursuance of the mode specified in the act of
Henry VII, proceeded to deliver prisoners from
jail by order of the court. I read two orders of
that kind, one made in 1855 and the other in
1861; and the criminal court of this District in
making these orders pursued the very mode pre-
scribed by the statute of Henry VII. The law
being as I have stated, and I do not think there
can be any doubt but that I have stated the law
correctly, there is no necessity for any bill being
passed by the Congress of the United States
touching jail deliveries in this District, for the law
in that respect is ample, full, and complete, and
the records of the criminal coutt of the District
show that its judges have faithfully executed the
law. Where is the necessity for legislation on
the subject? In my judgment, there is no neces-
sity; none whatever. The effect of the bill, should
it become a law, will be to render slave property
insecure. That, in my judgment, will be the only
effect it will have.
A single word in reply to the Senator from Kan-
sas. He spoke about there being'no statute of
Maryland touching negroes. I said nothing about
there being statutes in Maryland concerning ne-
groes; but I will say to the Senator that I do not
believe there was a statute-law originally in any
of the States of the Union, perhaps save one, that
established African slavery; and I believe that one
was Massachusetts. I am not right sure that I
am correct upon that point; I, however, wilt say
to the honorable Senator that the institution of
slavery does not depend on statutes for its exist-
ence. Does not the Senator know that slaves were
