3256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
soldiers were men, men in arms in the cause of a
foreign tyrant, who it seemed was about to con-
quer and enslave our country. There were no
women and children; there were no old and super-
annuated persons; there were no non-combatants
against whom that slave power, when thus incor-
porated into the American army, could be brought
to bear. The number of slave recruits that was
nosed to be raised could not exceed two hun-
, and that small number could be reasonably
restrained from all excesses.
The state of the case was precisely similar in
the war of 1812, when General Jackson called
upon the free colored population of Louisiana to
repair to his standard to defend the State of Louis-
iana*against the descent of the British upon the
coast of that State. In both cases the slaves were
called upon to array themselves on the side of the
women and children, on the side of non-combat-
ants and the helpless, against an enemy composed
wholly of men, and who were combatants with
arms in their hands. Is that case analogous to
the present? Is there any similitude between
either of these cases and the present? I admit I
had forgotten that there was an enrollment of
slaves in the Revolution; and it was to so incon-
siderable an extent, and was productive of such
little consequences, that it is not at all strange that
it did not make an impression on my mind that
was lasting. But, sir, I would have gone further
than did the State of Rhode island, or did General
Washington in the revolutionary warforthe pur-
pose of enabling the struggling colonies to beat
back the British army, and secure their independ-
ence. If the colonies could have commanded the
whole Indian power of the country, I would have
called upon that Indian power to assist the col-
onies in their struggle; and why? Because as a
question of policy and expediency it would have
been proper; as a question of humanity there
could have been no objection to it, at least no
great objection, because the Indians in any assist-
ance they could render to the armies of the col-
onies, and the negroes of Rhode Island in any as-
sistance they did render to the colonies, would not
be operating upon oragainst a defenseless popula-
tion, but against belligerents in battle array.
Now, sir, what is the condition of things when
it is urged with so much vehemence and passion
that the slaves should be armed? We are invad-
ing the southern States. The slaves in four or five
of those States in the aggregate are about equal to
the white population, The great mass of that
white population consists of women and children,
aged and defenseless men, persons who are not
belligerents, not combatants. We lemonstrate
against the omploymentof slaves jn this case, be-
cause they will be called upon to precipitate them-
selves against and upon a helpless population; and
from their nature and disposition, and from the
manner in which their passions can be inflamed
and maddened, they having been heretofore in a
stale of slavery to the people against whom they
are to be armed, they could not be restrained
within the rules and usages of civilized war, and
they would, especially if organized in large num-
bers, as General Hunter proposed to organize
them, to the amount of forty or fifty thousand, as
he says, be totally beyond the control and com-
mand of their officers, and it woulft be impossible
to limit them within the pale of civilized warfare.
The conscquence would be all the cruelties would
be brought down upon a defenseless population,
consisting mainly of women and children, that
will necessarily occur in a conflict of arms between
the negro rape, who have been held in subjection
by their fathers and brothers, when that negro
race are to have arms placed in their hands, and
arc offered freedom as the boon for subjugating
their masters.
Mr. President, there is a little more history upon
this point. I hold in my hand a copy of the ori-
ginal draft of the Declaration of Independence, as
drawn out by ,Mr. Jefferson. This very thing of
arming slaves, which the Congress of the United
States is now about to do, was one of the grounds
of complaint, one of the grievances, which he
brought as a charge against the British Icing, and
upon which he proposed to base the Declaration
of Independence by the colonies. I will read it.
Speaking of George III, he says:
"He has waged cruel war against human nature itself,
violating its most sacred rights of life and liberty in the per-
sons of a distant people who never offended him, captiva-
ting and carrying them into slavery in another hemisphere,
or to incur miseiable death in their transportation thither.
Ttiis piratical warfare, the opprobrium of infidel Powers,
is the warfare of the Christian king of Great Britain. De-
termined to keep open a market where men should be bought
and sold, he has prostituted his negative for suppressing
every legislative attempt to prohibit or restrain this execra-
ble commerce; and that this assemblage of horrors might
want no facts of distinguished die, he is now excitingtbose
very people to rise in arms? among us, and to purchase that
liberty of which he has deprived them by murdering the
people on whom he also obtruded them; thus paying off
former crimes committed against the liberties of one peo-
ple with crimes which he urges them to commit against the
lives of another."
fie makes that as one of the most atrocious of-
fenses of George III against the colonies. How
analogous is that to the present state of the case
upon which we are now acting; and how similar
was the conduct of the English and of their ship-
owners and slave dealers to the conduct of the
people of Massachusetts and of the New England
States in relation to the same subject, and to the
presentcondition of this question as to all the slave
States ? Mr. President, the slave trade commcnced
about the year 1630. The introduction of slaves
into the British colonies on the North American
continent about 1660. In a few years, the slave
trade extended into all the colonies and slaves
were bought in all of them. The parties to this
traffic were principally the navigators and ship-
pers of New England, particularly of Massachu-
setts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut. They all
bought slaves; they all held slaves; and imported
them into the more southern colonies, they all
owned slaves at the commencement of the Amer-
ican Revolution. They wereall slaveholding col-
onies, and owned slaves when the Declaration of
Independence was propounded to the world. We
are now told that thatDeclaration of Independence
applied to the slaves as well as the white men.
Not so, sir. The slave did not come within the
purview of the Declaration of Independence. It
was made irrespective of him, without intending
to embrace, and without in fact embracing him.
In every one of the colonies he continued in a
State of slavery the day after the Declaration of
Independence was signed and promulged up to the
time of the abolition of slavery in their respective
plates—when they had become States by the De-
claration of Independence—just as he had con-
tinued a slave before. Massachusetts, I believe,
was the first of the colonies to abolish slavery; and
'next to her I think was Connecticut.
Mr. HOWARD. It was decided that slavery
could not exist there.
Mr. DAVIS. That was abolition; but it did
and had long existed there. There were many
bought and sold in Massachusetts.
Now, let us see the course of those States, when
the Convention which formed our Constitution
commenced its sessions, upon this subject of sla-
very. The northern States were then deeply en-
gaged in the trade. They made heavy profits by
importing slaves and selling them to the southern
States. Virginia, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and
Delaware had prohibited the slave trade. The
first reported pta of the Constitution contained a
clause recognizing the continuance of the slave
trade without any condition or restriction what-
ever. The projet of a Constitution was so reported
to the Convention. No memberbf the Convention
from any of the New England States then moved
to strike out that provision. The member of the
Convention who made that proposition was Lu-
ther Martin, from the State of Maryland. Itgave
rise to along and earnest debate; and finally that,
with several other subjects, on motion of Gov-
erneur Morris, was referred to a committee of
eleven to make a bargain for the settlement of it.
What was done then ? A report was made em-
bracing that and other subjects—the subject of ex-
ports, of the navigation laws—to the Convention,
and that report authorized a continuance of the
slave trade until the year 1800. A member from
one of the southern States proposed that the time
tor restricting the slave trade by Congress should
be extended from 1800 to 1808; and Massachu-
setts and every New England State that was rep-
resented in the Convention voted forthe exten-
sion. Massachusetts and the New England States
continued this traffic, and imported these slaves,
sold them to southern planters, and made large
gains by their sale, up to the year 1808. What
did Massachusetts do shortly afterwards, when
she could no longer import slaves from Africa and
sell them to the southern States, and what is she
now proposing to do? To deprive these people to
whom she sold the slaves, whose money she got
for the slaves, and upon the traffic made heavy
profits—she proposes to deprive, to rob these same
people of the slaves which she sold to them.
Now, sir, I ask if there is not an analogy,strict
and striking, between the condition of these States
and the present slaveholding States, and Great
Britain and the colonies, when in the original draft
of the Declaration of Independence, Mr. Jefferson
was making the same course of conduct recom-
mended and pursued by George III, as one of the
grievances of which the colonies complained, and
upon which they based their right to declare them-
selves independent. George III had instructed his
Governors to employ the slaves against the re-
volted colonics, and to promise them their free-
dom in the event that they would join the British
army and endeavor to crush the rising revolt for
liberty. That proposition so shocked the Ameri-
can people that Mr. Jefferson in drawing up the
original projet of the Declaration of Independ-
ence made that one of the grounds of denuncia-
tion against the British tyrant; and the American
Congiess is about to do the same diabolical act
against our own countrymen, their women and
children, and to hold it out to them as a condition
and lure to reconciliation and peace.
Mr. President, I think it ill-becomes a people or
the descendants of a people who were so instru-
mental in planting slavery in these slave States,
to take so ungracious a part against the institution
and to endeavor by such measures as have been
proposed to deprive the descendants of those to
whom they sold these identical slaves of their
propelty in them.
The question is not now whether we will em-
ploy Indmns or slaves against men in arms. If
our armies, with slaves constituting a part of them,
had nobody to meet but the rebels in arms in the
field—combatants—the men who are responsible
for the present condition of things, the objections
to the employment of slaves would have much
less weight; and then there would be some anal-
ogy between the limited, small examples set in the
war of the Revolution and of 1812 by General
Washington and General Jackson, to the present
employment of slaves. But, sir, when you go
into the State of South Carolina, you find the slaves
there are more numerous, by some one hundred
and twenty-five or one hundred and thirty thou-
sand than the white population; and the question
is, will you arm all the slaves in that State who
are capable of bearing arms? Will you proclaim
liberty to them if they will engage in a war against
their owners, for the puq^ose of subjugating their
owners to obedience to the United States Govern-
ment ? All the defenseless people of that country,
the aged, the imbecile, the women, and the chil-
dren would be exposed to the slaves let loose from
their state of thraildom with arms in their hands,
incited by abolitionists and incendiaries to revenge
themselves upon those who had held them in
slavery.
But, Mr. President,I am grievously impressed
with the opinion that those men who feel, or pre-
tend to feel, so much sympathy for the slaves,
feel none for the white man, nor none for white
women and children. I make the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa an exception, as I believe he is a
just and humane man. For his words of kind-
ness in respect to myself I thank him, and from
my heart I reciprocate them. But, sir, I believe
there are thousands ofthose men, and some in Con-
gress, and women, who have taken part in this
avenging crusade against slavery in the South,
whose passions have been inflamed by the visions
of injustice and cruelty which their imaginations
have created, who, if the negroes were to rise to-
morrow, and massacie the whole white popula-
tion of South Carolina—men, women, and chil-
dren—would be monsters enough to rejoice over
the horrible immolation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the honorable Senator
from Kentucky will give way, I will move a re-
cess, in order to finish this matter this evening.
Some of us want to get our dinners.
Mr. DAVIS. You can have your dinnerin ten
minutes, so far as I atn concerned.
The honorable Senator from Iowa misunder-
stood me in one point of my argument against the
abolition of slavery in this District. I did not
intend to say, and my recollection is that I did not
say, that a conflict of races and scenes* of cimelty
