1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
held by the law of nations to be property, so ad-
judged by the English admiralty courts anterior
to the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States and since that time? This species of prop-
erty exists as other property in most of the States
where it exists. I do not suppose you will find
in many of the slave States a statute establishing
property in a negro any more than in a horse or
neat cattle  You will find statutes regulating it;
you will find statutes punishing persons who tres-
pass upon it, as upon horses, or any other spccies
of property. But so far as the peculiar statutes
of Maryland are concerned, or when they were
passed, I do not know; and, for the purposes of
my argument, I do not caro. I know, however,
that the institution of slavery existed in Mary-
land, whether by virtue of statute or not, before
the District of Columbia was ceded; and I know
that the institution exists here. But I shall not
trouble myself about that; it was no part of my
argument. My argument simply svas to show that
the existing law was abundantly sufficient to de-
liver all persons from this jail charged with crime
after the grand jury has met and adjourned with-
out finding true bills against them. My object
was to show that the laws of Great Britain ante-
rior to 1776 are the laws of this District, except
where they have been repealed; and no Senator
has contended that the English laws of jail deliv-
eries had been repealed by the Legislature of
Maryland prior to 1801, or by the Congress of
the United States since that time.
Mr. POMEROY. I alluded in the remarks I
madg to the remarks submitted by the Senator
from Kentucky when he first addressed the Sen-
ate, in which he said that the law of Maryland
required that the sheriffs or the jail-keepers should
advertise twenty days for the owners of runa-
ways to come forward. My point was that there
was no such law in existence at the time Mary-
land ceded this District to the General Govern-
ment; that that law was passed afterwards, and
therefore it was not applicable to the District.
Mr. POWELL. I merely suggested that I had
understood that was the statute of Maryland. I
had really never looked at it; but the Senator
from Maryland spoke of the laws of his State on
this question. I had understood that that was the
law of Maryland, and I merely mentioned it. I
did not know the date of its passage. I never read
the statute; butgentlemen have told me such was
the law there, and I thought I would state it to
the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. "What I acknowledged in
the remarks I made was that all laws m force in
Maryland at the time of the cession, in 1791, were
laws here, and that laws which Maryland passed
afterward, m 1796, and subsequently, were not
laws here. I think the pointis sufficiently obvious.
Mr. PEARCE. I am very reluctant, sir, to
speak on the subject of domestic slavery. During
a service of some twenty-five or twenty-six years
in Congress, I have made it a point to abstain
from all such discussions, thinking them unprofit-
able and mischievous, and I have never contrib-
uted by word of mine t© the agitation of jhat
question here. I am sorry that I have to say a
single word now.
The Senator from Kansas spoke of an act of
1796 of Maryland. The fact is that slavery was
not established in Maryland at all by statute. It
was a condition which seemed to be supposed to
attach to people ofa certain sort who were brought
here, which was recognized by our courts. There
was, however, an act of Maryland passed in 1715;
I do not know whether it is the same to which
the Senator alludes. By that act it was declared
that all negroes and other slaves then imported or
thereafter to be imported, and their children then
born or thereafter to be born, should be slaves for
life. Then, in regard to their descendants in a
remoter degree than children, the courts recog-
nized the rule of law partus scquilur ventrem, and
that made slavery permanent. That is the history
of the matter m as few words as I can give it to
you. Other acts have been passed regulating the
institution, a great many ameliorating it in many-
ways; as, for instance, the act of 1817, to which I
alluded, directed, instead of selling persons com-
mitted to jail as runaway slaves for jail fees, that
they should be carried before a justice and dis-
charged, according to circumstances. I shall not
detain the Senate.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not rise to participate in
this discussion, but to express the hope, as so
many hours have been wasted, and so many days
upon the bill, and bills of a kindred nature, that
the vote be now taken upon the question. There
are not, I venture the assertion, if the census could
be taken to-day, in the District of Columbia five
hundred slaves. The fact is—and the country may
as well know it—that slavery is practically abol-
ished here. By the census of 1860, there were
only some three thousand slaves in the District—
more than half of them over the age when they
can take care of themselves, and under the age
when they can provide for themselves; and if it
is desirable that those gentlemen who sympathize
with these people so much shall undertake the
care and provision and support of these slaves, I
have not the slightest objection to their doing it.
But, sir, since we first heard of some fifty or sixty
negroes being confined in the jail of the District
of Columbia, a perfect furore of excitement has
been attempted by the ultra element of this coun-
try, to be gotten upin one secuonofitin opposition
to an institution of several of the States of this
Union. I have.seen large paintings purporting to
give an idea of the miserable condition of these
poor miserable people in this miserable jail in the
city of Washington. Now, sir, if it be all that
gentlemen say it is, the fault is in Congress, in not
having provided long since the same humane laws
for the protection of both the white and black
races m the District of Columbia that are in force
in every slave State of this Union. While I shall
not—acting on convictions by which I have been
governed and intend to be governed—record my
vote in favor of this bill, 1 have not really the
slightest objection to its passage with the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Maryland;
and I desire that we shall act upon it and get rid
of it; and thus one peg, at least, will be taken
from gentlemen upon which they hang their sym-
pathetic speeches for the negro race.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I cannot al-
low this bill to be dispatched in that way. lean-
not allow the honoiablo Senator from Virginia to
undertake to deprecate an effort to correct a glaring
abuse long continued here in the District of Co-
lumbia, by any flings at this side of the Chamber
as to their sympathy with anybody who is de-
prived of liberty. Now, sir, it is not true that
this bill has occupied days of the Senate. That
is not true.
Mr. CARLILE. I remarked that wc had been
engaged hours upon this bill, and bills of a kin-
died natuie.
Mr. MORRILL, I understood the honorable
Senator to t*ay days.
Mr. CARLILE. I made the remark as I now
state it. Do I understand the Senator to say that
that is untrue ?
Mr. MORRILL. 1 undertake to say that as a
matter of fact we have not been engaged days
upon this bill.
Will the Senator allow me?
Certainly; with pleasure.
1 did not say days.
Then 1 misunderstood the
Mr. CARLILE.
Mr. MORRILL.
Mr. CARLILE.
Mr. MOURILL.
Senator.
Mr. CARLILE.
kindred bills.
Mr. MORRILL.
I said hours upon this and
I am bound to take the hon-
orable Senator's correction, of course; but I un-
derstood him to say days. If he said hours, I
will take no exception.
Mr. CARLILE. I said hours upon different
days.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I take no exception to
that part of his speech. 1 understood him to say
days; but 1 am bound to take his explanation.
But, sir, there was no disposition to discuss this
question in the diiection the Senator undertakes
to give it.
1 have heard no Senator on this side who favors
this bill undertake to give it that direction; and,
from the investigation I have given this subject,
I say here to the Senate and to the country that
it never occurred to me, cither in committee or out-
side of it, that it was, by the remotest implica-
tion, susceptible of the interpretation given to it.
It was simply to correct an abuse which strikes
down tin1 liberty of every man, whether black or
white, who goes into that piison; and that prison
is a disgrace to the ago and the country in which
we live. I do not know, and do not undertake to
say? who is responsible for it; but, sir, I do say
that, when a bill is brought here, simple and direct
in its provisions, calculated to meet an abuse which
everybody understands to be an abuse, it is hardly
worth while to turn it out of its legitimate chan-
nel to discuss subjects that are entirely foreign to
the purposes of the bill; and I do not intend, when
honestly in the pursuit of a measure of this kind,
to submit to the imputation that I am disturbing
here this delicate relation of which gentlerrfen
speak. From the hour I entered this Senate till
now I have not occupied five minutes of the time
of the Senate on the subject to which the gentle-
man refers; and I never intend to do so, except it
comes in my way upon some bill necessarily in-
volving the question;and then I trust I shall have
the manhood to say what I think on the subject..
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Maine has,
I think, very properly noticed the remarks made
by the Senator from Virginia. It is not my pur-
pose to say anything to vcflect on that Senator,
but I must say we have had allusions made to our
sentiments and opinions by him during this ses-
sion that I think should not be tolerated longer
withoutnotice. Some of us have sat in this Cham-
ber for years under the rebukes and frowns of
Mason and his arrogant and domineering com-
peers. The Senator from Virginia, I fear, is be-
ginning to tread in the steps of his predecessor.
Sir, I was not daunted at the threats of the one,
and I do not choose to submit to the rebukes of
the other. I say this without any unkind feeling
towards that Senator; but I would suggesttohim
to state his own opinions, and not undertake to v
read rebukes to those who do not need them.
Sir, this bill is before us to do a right thing,
and, for one, I thank the Senator from Iowa for
introducing it. I thank him, too, fty the speech
that he has made, and I indorse every word of it.
I shall vote for the bill, as reported by the com-
mittee, without any amendment affecting its prin-
ciple or object.
Further, sir, I wish to join my condemnation
with his at the insolent conduct of the marshal of
the District of Columbia. 1 voted last summer,
with fourteen others, against his confirmation. I
knew what lie then was, and what he was then
doing. I knew that the appointment was not fit
to be made. I knew that he had appointed Phil-
lips, one of the old pro-slavery men in this Dis-
trict, as his second, and that a negro-catcher had
been nut over the jail. I opposed his,confirma-
tion then for those appointments, but he was con-
firmed; and his subsequent acts, and his recent
conduct towards the Senate, afford abundant just-
ification to those of us who early saw and con-
demned his action. Sir, we came into power with
professions of being governed by principles. I
say what I know to be true that the hand of op-
pression has been laid heavier upon the colored
population of this District since we came into
power than during the last ten years—ten years
of oppression. That is the testimony they will
bear to all of you. The Senator from Iowa says
the jail has been improved; there is no doubt of
that; but as it is, it is a dishonor and a disgrace to
this nation, and should be leveled with the dust;
and we should erect a prison in this District which
will be what it ought to be, a pattern prison for a
Christian and civilized republic.
But, sir, it is not alone in this District that we
are permitting wrongs to be peipetiated. I have
a letter from Dr. Samuel G. Howe, concerning the
prison at Alexandria, and our management of it.
Dr. Howe, in this letter to me, says:
" 1 thank you for your work on behalf of ibe poor fugi-
tive .slaves confined in the jail here." * * * *
''Last June 1 tried in vain to do something for these vic-
tims of our impolicy. I pleaded vvnli one member of the
Cabinet to do something lor them; and de'-cnbrd the con-
dition of thitty five men, women, and children then held in
bonds by the United States marshal ior the benefit of their
owners." * * ' * But you have appealed
to the great heait of the people, and they will cheer you on
by a shout of indignation at the atrocities perpetrated under
the very walta of the Capitol.
"The same atrocities are practiced under the same au-
thority in the jail at Alexandria winch J lately inspected.
The building is a wretched one. total!) unfit foi a public
prison. Jt seems to have been built m the day* when ac-
cused person* were eonsideted as public enemies, and to
be caged like wild beast*. The cells are nanow, dark, and
damp, and the rings and staples fixed in ;-ome of the waIN
tell their own story. The internal auangements aie verv
bad ; and the general condition of the house is filthy and
noisome to the last degiee. Such a jail would be presented
by the grand jury in any northern city as an iritoleiable
nuisance. The ^ystom of administration is disgraceful to
any State claiming to be Christian and civilized. The jail
is rented out to an individual for $400 a year, who hires a
