1862;
THE OON&RlSSIOtfAL GLOBE.
8267
and bloodshed would ensue in the District; but I
did say, and intended to say, that in the South,
where.the slave population is large, where it is
equal or nearly equal in point of numbers to the
white population, if they were liberated, and left
in the country, this conflict of races, and these
cruel and bloody consequences would necessarily
result. I believe so. Some gentlemen upon this
floor, during the present session, have told us of
this conflict in a small way in the navy-yard at
Philadelphia. I heard of another instance of it
a few days since in Toledo, in the State of Ohio.
The Irish there were the stevedores principally.
They struck for higher wages. The employers
refused to give them higher wages, and called in
negro stevedores. That immediately gave rise
to a riot and a bloody conflict between the Irish
and the African race, and the military of city of
Toledo had to be called on to suppress it, and to
keep order. That is but a germ, but a sample of
what will take place, if this great measure of eman-
cipation should go into effect, as anticipated by
the fervid, excited, but honest heart of the Sen-
ator from Iowa. He thinks that the time has
come when the great Ruler of the universe has
willed that slavery in the United States shall end.
I do not presume to interpret any of His pur-
poses. If this be one of them, when He manifests
it, I will bow in humble and reverent submission
to His will. But at present I do not believe that
He allowed the men of Massachusetts to people
the southern States with slaves, that these men
of Massachusetts might put knives into the hands
of those slaves to cut the throats of the men of the
South, their wives, and their children, to whom
they sold these slaves. All the colonies and all
the States held to slavery for more than a hundred
years, and although some of the States then abol-
ished slavery, about one half of them still retained
it, and for more than fifty years longer, and yet
there was no trouble among them about it. And
why did peace for so long a time upi^n this subject
continue among them? It was purely a domestic
institution, concerning each separate State and
colony alone, and all the others refrained from
intermeddling with any one about her slavery.
So long as this rule of justice, forbearance, and
good neighborhood was adhered to, this subject
gave no trouble; and if the free States had ad-
hered to this rule to the present day, this war,
with all its burdens and afflictions, we would have
escaped.
Sir, we of the present day did not bring slaves
into Kentucky. We found them there. We do
not retain them because it is our interest to do so.
We know that in that State slave labor is a more
costly labor than free labor would be if the slaves
were away. We know that the free labor of In-
diana and Illinois is a cheaper labor to him who
employs it and pays for it than the slave labor of
our State. We have two hundred and forty or
two hundred and fifty thousand slaves there. The
question, and the great grievance with us, is not
so much the giving up of the slaves as leaving them
among us. As I have said here again and again,
if the question could be submitted to the people
of Kentucky, will you consent to give up your
slaves for a full and fair compensation, they to re-
main with, or you to have nothing for your slaves
and they to be removed out of the country, the
latter proposition would be accepted ten times
where the other would be considered at all.
Mr. President, I beg pai'don for having said so
much as 1 have. I know that the dccrec has gone
forth that this measure shall pass;andl know that
I have no power to change it, or to stay it. I be-
lieve that the wisest and most eloquent men that
ever graced the earth, if they we're here, their
voices and counsels would be as powerless as even
my own. It seems to me that men have swung
away from their reason and are acting entirely
from apprehension of the rebels.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not in apprehension of
them.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a word upon that mat-
ter directly. I mean apprehension in this respect:
of the consequences that are to come to your sons
and your brothers from the continuance of the con-
flict, and that men are now legislating in a spirit
of excitement and revenge. 1 believe that some
tnen are ready to resolve themselves, like the Es-
tates of France, into a convention, and to claim all
the powers of Government in relation to this sub-
ject. I do not think .it should be treated in such
temper. I think it is a subject to be treated with
the gravest deliberation and the greatest coolness,
and in strict subordination to the Constitution of
the llnfted States.
The honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,) in the beginning of his speech, gave a clear,
concise, and able resume of the events of this war
of rebellion, and an equally clear statement of its
present condition. He showed that everywhere
the rebellion was yielding, and how certainly the
armies of the United States were overcoming and
would certainly crush it out. That portion of his
argument conclusively demonstrates this measure
of arming the slaves to be wholly unnecessary,
and that if it is done, it will only be for the pur-
pose of bloody, cruel, and shocking vengeance
against the seceding States, and in utter reckless-
ness of the great mischief it will bring down upon
the Union people of the border States.
The honorable Senator from Iowa did me but
justice, and my people but justice, when he said
he approved of the sentiment I had uttered a few
days ago, that we would never permit our slaves
to come into competition with the question of the
continuance of the Union. Fifteen years ago, in
writing to a friend in the State of Ohio on that
subject, I expressed to him the sentiment to which
I have constantly adhered, that the Union was
worth all the slaves living, that had ever lived, or
ever will live. But I think the great bond of the
Union is about to be violated and broken by the
means by which it is proposed to liberate these
slaves; and that being my honest conviction, it is
as much my duty to stand up against that breach
of the Constitution as against the brefch which
the secessionists themselves are attempting to con-
summate. Mr. President, I hold that the value of
the Union is inestimable; it is not to be measured
by dollars or property or blood. All my hopes
are in it; all my affections are given to it. Come
weal, come woo, 1 am for the Union, and for the
armies of the Union, and I want victory always
to perch upon the standard of those armies. I
trust to the Constitution, to the justice of my
countrymen, and to God, for the delivery of my
country from this great and bloody peril, and its
reunion in freedom,peace, fraternity, power,and
glory, and I still trust hopefully for all this.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to make a re-
port from a committee of Conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
receive it as a privileged question.
REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submitthe following re-
port from the committee of conference on the bill
(H. R. No. 550) to further provide for the collec-
tion of the revenue upon the northern, northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontier, and for other pur-
poses; which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagieein? votes of
the two Houses, upon the bill of the House No. 57)0, enti-
tled " An act to further pi ovale for the col lection of thelev-
Pliue upon the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontier, and for other purposes," repoit—
That after a tall and fiee confeienee they have agreed
to recommend, and they do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede fiom their vote disagreeing to tile
third and fourth sections of the bill of the House, and agree
to the same.
That the House leccde from its vote disagreeing to the
amendment of ihe Senate striking out tile filth section of
the bill of the House, mid agree to the name.
That the House recede fiom its vote disagreeing to the
amendment of ttie Senate adding a section to the hill of the
House, and agiee to the same.
Z. CHANDLER,
LOT M. MORRILL,
1). WILMOT,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
SCIHJYLJSR COLFAX,
S. S. COX,
WfLLtAM P. SHEFFIELD,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a privileged
resolution, which will talte but a moment, in re-
gard to the rules of the Senate:
Resolved, (the Ilou?c of Representatives concurring,)
Tliat the J6th aiul 17th joint rules of the two Houses be bu*-
pended for the residue of the session.
This is the ordinary resolution offered at the
close of a session.
Mr. KING. I think that resolution had better
lie over. There is no hurryabout its adoption, I
suppose.
The PRESIDENrfpro tempore. The resolution
will lie over under the objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the rules are read, the
Senator will see there is a necessity for suspend-
ing them. I ask for the reading of the two rules
that are proposed to be suspended.
The PRESIDENT j>ro tempore. The rule$ re-
ferred to in the resolution will be read. *
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the ordinary reso-
lution adopted at the close of every session of Con-
gress.
Mr. KING. But there is no hurry for it now.
We have not agreed to adjourn at any particular
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is necessary, if we wish
to adjourn on Monday.
Mi*. KING-. But we have not agreed on any
day of adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will do no harm, at any
rate.
Mr. KING. I prefer that it should lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The i-esolu-
tion will lie over, under the objection.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. POWELL.. I offer the following resolu-
tion. I do not ask for action upon it now:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
H ouse of Rppresentati ves do adjourn their respective Houses
sine die ou Monday, the 34th day of July, at twelve o'clock,
meridian.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
Mr. POWELL. Let it lie on the table. I will
call it up in the morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over, objection being made.
MESSAGE FROM TIIF, HOUSE;
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 93) for changing the place of
holding the September term of the district court
of the United States for the district of Maine.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 98) to amend
an act entitled " An act to prohibit the sale of spir-
ituous liquors and intoxicating drinks in the Dis-
trict of Columbia in certain cases,"approved Au-
gust 5, 1861, with amendments, in which they
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (No. 105) to grant
pensions to masters and officers of the gunboats
m the service of the United States; in which they
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 553) to
establish additional post routes.
The message also announced that the House
had appointed Mr. William E. Lehman of Penn-
sylvania, a manager on the part of the House,
on the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. Li. No.
280) to establish and equalize the grades of line
officers of the United States Navy, in the place of
Mr. James E. English of Cohnecticut, who has
been excused.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 423) makingappropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th of *
June, 1863, and for other purposes; and it was
signed by the President pro tempore.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles and referred as
indicated below:
A bill (No. 435) for the relief of Susan Dick-
son, widow of John Dickson, deceased—to the
Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 390) m relation to the competency
of witnesses in trials of equity and admnaky—to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 561) in relation to commissioned
officers of the United States revenue cutter ser-
vice—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 105) to grant pensions
