8258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
to masters and officers of the gunboats in the ser-
vice of the United States—to the Committee on
Pensions,
' The joint resolution (No. 102) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain A. H. Foote, Uni-
ted States Navy, was read twice by its title, and,
on motion of Mr. Grimes, laid on the table.
SALE OF LIQUORS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator to withdraw
that motion for a moment, in order to allow me
to move that the Senate concur in some little
amendments made by the House to a bill in rela-
tion to the District of Columbia.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly, I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that Senate bill No. 98,
which has been just returned from the House with
amendments, be taken up and the amendments
concurrcd in.
The PRESIDENT;)?^ tempore. The Chair will
lay before the Senate the action of the House on
that bill, which will be read.
The Secretary road, as follows:
Iv House of Efpiu'sevt^tivhs, July IJ, 1862.
Resolved, That the bill iiom the Senate, No. 98, entitled,
" An act to amend an act to piohilnt the sale of spirituous
liquors and intoxicating drink-! in the District of Columbia
in certain cases, " approved August, 5, 1861, do pas3 with
the following amendments: after the word" person" in line
two of section two, insert tin* words u licensed or who shall
herpaftcr be licensed to <f«U spirituous liquor? or intoxi-
cating drinks within the ^aid District;" and after the word
"conviction,3'In Inn: eight ot section two, to insert the
words,11 befoie any justice of the peace as uforc&aid."
The amendments were concurred in.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the suggestion of sev-
eral members of the Senate, believing it to be the
general impression that we should try, as is cus-
tomary at the last period of the session, to sit in
the evening, I move that the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I must say I do not think that
advisable. I think wc had better go on, I think
that since I have been in the body all our expe-
rience of taking recesses has been a failure.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me, I
think that was true at one time in the history of this
body. Without intendmgany pcrsonalrellection,
I will say it grew out of the fact that many who
were then members of the Senate drank wine at
dinner and incapacitated themselves afterwards
for service thatday. I do not-think that is true of
members of thin body at (his time, and I have no
doubt of our capacity to reconvene to transact
business.
Mr. DAVIS. I supposeitwould be more agree-
able to members even to protract the session two
or three days longer than it would be to exhaust
themselves by hue fatiguing sessions.
Mr. SUMNER. I think so. I have no doubt
of it.
Mr. SAXTLSBURY. I should like to know of
the Senator from Maine whether the evening ses-
sion is designed for the purpose of legislative or
executive business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For doing whatever may
be necessary to be done. The Senate will decide
that wh'm they come .together,
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senate will gain
more if it sits now as long as it can keep a quo-
rum, and proeced with its business. I think we
shall lose two hours of time if we take this reccss.
I doubt whether wc shall have a quorum when we
come ba$k; and my impression is, it will be a bad
economy of time for the Senate to take a recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—VIcsMs. Anthony, Browning,Clark,Cowan, Doo-
lmle, FeshCndrn, Poor, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas*, Morrill, Pomeroy, Simmons,
Ten Eyck, VViiJey, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson ot
Missouri, and Wright—01.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Davta, Harris, Henderson,
flotvaid, Howe, Powell, Rice, Saul&bury, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilkinson—13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The vote dis-
closes the want of a quorum.
Mr. POWELL. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 11,1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in response to a resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 20th of
May last, requesting the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to communicate to the House any information
in the possession of his Department which he may
judge to be in aform suitable for the consideration
of the House of Representatives upon the relations
between the United States and northwest British
America, particularly the central districts of the
Red River of the North and the Saskatchewan.
In compliance with the spirit and terms of the
resolution, the Secretary caused to be prepared an
abstract of the report of James W. Taylor, Esq.,
special agent of the Treasury Department, and of
other papers on file, relating to the subject; which
abstract, together with the papers referred to, were
transmitted to the House.
The communication was laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, leave was
granted to the committee on Government con-
tracts to hand their report, when prepared, to the
Clerk; and when so handed to the Clerk, the same,
together with the evidence, to be printed.
The SPEAKER staled the business in order
to be the business before the House when it ad-
journed yesterday, being a motion to lay upon the
table a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House, on Tuesday last, laid upon the table the
resolution (H. R. No. 80) for the relief of Perry
E. Brocchus.
EXCUSED FRO SI SERVING UPON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the House to excuse me
from serving upon the committee upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill for the
relief of Carmack and Ramsey. I was not present
yesterday when the committee of conference was
appointed. 1 am already serving upon another
committee, and my opinion is so fixed in regard to
that case that I think some other member had bet-
ter servo upon the committee.
The question was put; and Mr. Colfax was
vet i
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide a national currency se-
cured by a pledge of United States stocks, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
furred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
STEAMBOAT IGO. -
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I ask leave to offer
a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to permit the owner of the steamboat
Igo to change the name of the same to that of
ISiomtor.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I object to its introduc-
tion, except for reference.
Mr. BROWN, of Viiginia. I hope the gentle-
man will not object. The matter is left discretion-
ary with the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I object for any other
purpose than for reference.
The resolution was introduced, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
CIVIL AND MILITARY APPROPRIATIONS, ETC.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to offer a reso-
lution calling for information through the agency
of the Clerk, and I hope the House will let it pass.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk prepare for the use of the mem-
bcis of this House «i condensed statement exhibiting the fol-
lowing facts and information : I The amount of appropri-
ations for civil and diplomatic service of the United States
at the present session of Congress. 2. The like amount for
the military and naval service, under sepaiate and appro-
priate heads, including fortifications, vessels, and ali other
objects ofnattonal defense. 3. The number of civil and mil-
itaiy offices created and authonzed by law, and their sala-
ries. 4. The amount of the bonds to be executed by the
United States to be paid to incorporated companies for stock
in railroads and other incorporated or associated compa-
nies. If the same cannot be done before the adjournment
of the present session, that he cause the same to be printed
and seat to the members of this House during the recess.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I objecjt.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that, under the rules,
the Clerk is already required to prepare such a
statement.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his objection, and allow us
to have the information.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The ground of objection is,
that the resolution involves a great deal of labor
for no adequate result, as I can see.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That labor will be done
during the vacation, when the Clerks have noth-
ing to do.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am told that the regular
report made by the Clerk always contains that
information.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It will not contain the
information called for in the resolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY insisted upon his objection.
So the resolution was not received.
PERRY E. BROCCHUS.
The House proceeded to the. consideration of
the regular order of business, being the motion to
lay upon the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House laid upon the table the
resolution (H. R. No. 80) for the relief of Perry
E. Brocchus.
Mr. PORTER. My colleague upon the Judi-
ciary Committee [Mr. Bingham] is out upon a
committee of conference, and I ask the House to
allow this matter to go over informally until he
returns.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] brought up the motion
to reconsider; but was there not a motion made to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table?
The SPEAKER. There was.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. We had better
take the vote upon that; and if that motion is car-
ried there will be nothing to act upon.
Mr. PORTER. My colleague upon the Judici-
ary Committee desires to be present when this
matter is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order unless
the motion to reconsider is carried.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then we had
better take a vote.
Mr. PORTER. Is it in order to move to post-
pone ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
postpone a motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. WATTS. As I introduced thatresolution,
1 think it due to myself, as well as to the claimant,
to make a remark upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. That is not m order.
Mr. WATTS. Then I want it to go over.
Mr. BLAKE. I ask consent of the House to
make a statement in relation to this subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
38, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Porter and
Roscoe Conkling were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 29; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Alien, Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley, Babbitt, Baxter, Beaman, Biddlc, William G.
Brown, Bullinton, Campbell, Casey, Clark, Clements,
Frederick A. Colliding, Roscoe Conlcling, Dawes,Dunlap,
Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, Feiuon, Fisher, Flunk, Grider, Hall,
Harding, Ilolman, Hooper, Hutchms, Lansing, Lnzear,
Loomis, Lovejoy, May, Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead,
An-son P. Morrill, Olm, Pike, Potter, John H. Kice, Edward
II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shank?, Sheffield, Shcllabaiger,
Sherman, Sloan, John B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Tiain, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Wall, Wallace,
Walton, and Windom—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Baily, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Coltax, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Cutler,
Duell, Fouke, Goodwin, Granger, Haight, Keliey, WiJJiam
Kellogg, Law,Lcary, Lehman, Low, McKnight, Menzieu,
Nixon, Odell, Patton, Pendleton, Perrv, John S. Phelps,
Porter, Sargent, Segar, Slnel, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Stratton, Francis Thomas, Yerree, and Wood. 39.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
