1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1339
and the same race; and when the slave became a
freeman, he rose to the dignity of a citizen, and
was then a member of the community in which
he lived, and all the places of honor, profit, and
power were open to him. Even Decimus Brutus,
who stabbed Ctesar, was Ceesar's freedman. In
Russia the slaves were of the same color. They
might mingle and amalgamate with their masters
and mistresses; they might become part and par-
cel of the same great and liberated empire and
people. But it is not so in America, and it never
will be so. Then the duty which you owe to the
slave, which you owe to your own race, is, when-
ever you have the power to manumit the slave,
and you choose to exercise that power, to make
a piovision for the separation of the races. Your
bill makes no such piovision; and in that point of
view, according to my judgment, it is subject to
insuperable objection.
You all profess to be lovers of free government;
you all say that every people should have the
right to govern themselves. Should not the peo-
ple of the District have the right to say whether
they want to continue slavery or not? There is
no more reason now—indeed, there is less reason
since 1850—than there ever was before why sla-
very should be abolished in this District. Reg-
ulate it, if you please, accoiding to the laws of
humanity and of a wise and decorous policy; but
these people, who are unrepresented, whose mas-
ters you are, have a right to be heard. I have
seen them undervanous factions and parties, like
rats in an exhausted receiver, as it were, experi-
mented upon in relation to their currency and
their slaves. Let the people of the District have
the power of self-government in relation to this
institution. If they want slaves, why should you
seek to deprive them of them? You have origi-
nated m the Northeast Mormonism and free
love, and that sort of ethereal Christianity that is
preached by Paiker and by Emerson and by
others, and a\\ sorts of mischievous isms; but
what right have you to force your isms upon us ?
What right have you to force your opinions upon
slavery or upon any other subject on an unwilling
people? What right have you to force them on
the people of this District? Is it from your love
for the slaves, your devotion to benevolence and
humanity, your belief in the equality of the slaves
with yourselves? Why do you not go out into
this city and hunt up the blackest, greasiest, fattest
old negro wench you can find and lead her to the
altar of Hymen5 You do not believe in any such
equality; nor do I. Yet your emissaries proclaim
here that the slaves, when you liberate them, shall
be citizens, shall be eligible to office in this city.
A few days ago I saw several negroes thronging
the open door listening to the debate on this sub-
ject, and I suppose in a few months they will be
crowding white ladies out of these galleries.
An honorable member of the other House has
proclaimed, audaciously proclaimed, that he has
attended and harangued negro meetings here, that
he has told them they had the same right to their i
masters'labor that the masters had to theirs; that
they had the same right to sell their masters as
their masters had to sell them; that they had the
same right to sell their masters' children as the
masters had to sell their children. Are these the
dogmas, destructive to society, that you intend to
preach and establish in this District? Was there
anything in British oppression upon the colonial
inhabitants of tins country at all comparable in |
grievance, in real wrong and outrage, to what J
you are endeavoring now to force upon the people l
of this District? Have they not as much right to
say they will have slaves as you to say that you
will not have slaves? If you will notallowthem
that privilege, will you not allow them the poor
privilege of voting whether free negroes shall stay :
here among them or not, a curse to the soil, a blight !
upon this small and poverty-stricken society. ;
1 have some statistics on the subject of slaves j
and free negroes in this District. The free ne- ■
groes, by the census of 1860, are reported to be
11,548; the slaves 3,181. I have a table of the !
amount of free negroes in this city at various
times. All these 11,548 were not manumitted i
hei e; how did they come here ? This is a general j
receptacle for the free negroes, refugee negroes j
fioni Virginia ami Maryland; they crowd heio i
until their numbers had run up to' 11,548 before i
ihis war commenced, and 1 suppose their number j
has increased several thousand since. Here are !
3,181 slaves, and the whole negro population is
14,729. The white population of the District in
1850 was 37,941, in 3860, 60,788. Are you will-
ing to take that proportion of free negroes into
your communities? If you arc so humane, so
benevolent, buy the slaves of Mrs. Beall and the
other poor helpless widows m this city, buy them
at fair prices with your money and take them to
your homes, and there make them your neigh-
bors, if you choose, your equals in politics and in
the social circle. When you do this, the world
will give you credit for benevolence and philan-
thropy, but now it is all cant, it is all ambition.
You and the men in the South are trying to make
the same use of the slaveiy question. The busi-
ness of both parties is to agitate, agitate, and
never cease to agitate, because it becomes an cle-
ment of political power by which individuals or
parties may vault into office. Out, out, with such
benevolence and philanthropy as that.
But, Mr. President, 1 will draw to a close. I
say, conceding the power of Congress to eman-
cipate slaves in this District, they ought not to
exercise that power. If they exercise it at all it
ought to be m conformity to the wishes of the true
people of the District, and not of the emissaries
of abolitionism who have been imported into this
District since the war. Go to the lesidents of the
city, to the tax payers, to those who haveastake
in the hedge, to those who have been heie for
years, and consult them as to their wishes and
pleasure in relation to this matter. If you will
not do that, in the name of grace and justice give
them the power to show by their votes whether
they want emancipated slaves or free negroes to
remain with them. If they do not want them to
stay here, take measures for their removal; carry
the African to a country which he can govern him-
self, where the upholding of his society, of his
government, of his laws and liberty, if he pos-
sesses them, will devolve upon him as his own in-
dividual and personal privilege. While you re-
tain him here ho will ever he m a subordinate state;
you cannot lift him above it; no legislation can
place him above it. Here, even if he is free, his
condition, in nine cases out of ten, in a much larger
proportion so far as I have observed them, is made
worse m every sense of the term for him than if
he was a slave. It isnotfor the advantage of the
white man in the agncultuia! States that slaveiy
exists. It is expensive labor; it would be better
for the country if it had never been there. I am
no friend to slavery as an abstract question. If
now I could decide whether slavery should exist
or not, or whether it should cease with the colo-
nization of all the negroes, I would colonize them
all. If my own will could prevail, I would put
into operation in my own State a system of grad-
ual emancipation that it would take about a bun-
dled yoars to consummate, and the thing should
die out so giadually that nobody would be injured
by it. But I say m relation to this Distiict and
these people, give them a fair compensation for
their slaves, it is a poor city; they have n vast
and cumbrous city and corporation to support.
The very keeping of their streets m order is enough
to grind them into poverty. Congress at differ-
ent times has been generous to them, but that is
no reason that you should be unjust now. Give
them a fair compensation for their slaves if you
will vote to emancipate them; and when you get
them, remove them from the country; letthe races
be separated; let the negro go to a land where,
when he is buried, memory may raise some tro-
phies over his tomb. None, none can ever be
raised over his tomb m tins land.
Having given these views, Mr. President, upon
this subject, I shall vote against the bill in its
present form most decidedly.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
address the Senate briefly upon this question, and
I will do so to-morrow morning, as I now desue
to move that the Senate procccd to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until to-
mon ow
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, ofMassaohusetts,
the Senate pron-eded to the consideration of execu-
tive business; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, M#rch 24, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock,''tn. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
COMMODORE 3*0 PONT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
Suites:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
The tlurd section of the " act farther to promote the effi-
ciency ot the Navy," approved 21st December, 1861, pro-
vides " that thePiesident of the. United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall have tho author-
ity to detail from the retired 1 ist of the Navy foi the command
ot squadrons and single ships, such ofiiccrs as he amy be-
lieve that the good of the servicc requires to be thus placed
in command; and such officers may, if upon the recom-
mendation of the President of the United States they shall
receive a vote of thanks of Congress for their services and
gallantry in action against an enemy, be restored to the
active list, and not otherwise."
In conformity with this law, Captain Samuel F. Du Pont,
of the Navy, was nominated to the Senate for continuance
as the flag officer in command of the squadron which re-
cently rendered such importantservice to the Union in the
expedition to the coasts of South Carolina, Georgia, and
Florida.
Believing that no occasion could arise winch would more
fully conespond with the intention of the law, or be more
pieguant with happy influence as an example, I cordially
reconnnend that Captain Samuel F. 33u Pont receive a vote
of thanks of Congress for his services and gallantry displayed
m the capture, since the 21st December, 1861, of various
points on tho coasts of Georgia and Florida, particularly
lhunswick, Cumberland island and sound, Amelia island,
the towns of St. Mary's, St. Augustine, and Jacksonville,
and Fernandina. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington City, March 20, 1862.
Tho message was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
HON. .JOSEPH SJGGAB.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. 1 rise to a privileged
question. I present the credentials of Hon. Jo-
seph Segar, member elect from the first congres-
sional district of Virginia, and move that he be
swoin in.
Mr. BINGHAM. I objcct.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the credentials be
read.
The Clerk read the certificate, as follows:
It is heieby certified that at an election held on the 15th
day of March, 1862, in the counties of Middlesex, West-
moreland, Richmond, fi>sex, Noithumbcrland, King and
Cluoen, Lancaster, Gloucester, Matthews, James City, the
city of Williamsburg, New Kent, York, YVanvick, North-
ampton, Accomac, and IDhzaheth City, comprising the first
eonyiewonal di&tuct of Vnginia, Joseph Scgar was duly
electrd to repipsent the same in the Congress of the United
States.
Given under our hands this the 22d dav of March, 3862.
WILLIAM MEARY,
Conductor at the Court-House of Northampton,
MICHAEL II. IIIGGINS,
Conductor at the Court-House of Jlccomctc.
JOHN O. EVANS,
Conductor at the Court-House of Elizabeth City.
Mr. BINGHrYM. I move to refer this whole
matter to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw that motion. I see no reason
why this matter should be referred to a commit-
tee. The certificate is in the exact form required
by law, setting forth that Mr. Segar has been
duly elected from the first congressional district
of Virginia. All that the law of Virginia requires
is that the conductors of the election shall certify
the election of the individual. The election has
been hold, and I present the certificate which, as
I before remarked, is in due form of law. Why,
then, the necessity of referring this matter to any
committee? I do hope my friend from Ohio will
withdraw the motion, and allow Mr. Segar to be
sworn in without any further delay.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot withdraw the mo-
tion. The Committee of Elections has reported
upon the claim of this individual to a seat at an-
other election. The House is already advised, by
tho official report of the committee, of the state
of affairs in Virginia. We know by that report
that under the laws of Virginia no election could
have been held in that State on the 15th day ot
this month. That is not the time designated by
law; and for anything that appears to this House
by that cerlificau1, this was an extempore election,
held by such persons as chose to engage in it,
in a certain district of Virginia. I move the lefer-
ence of the matter to the Committee of Elections,
and upon that I call the previous question.
