mm:. -
3259
MESSAGE FROiMLTIlE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, bill of the House
No. 454, for the relief of the register of the lan'd
office at Vincennes, Indiana, and for other par-
poses; also, that the Senate had passed bill of
the House No. 533, to establish additional post
routes, with amendments, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for re-
ports of a private character.
ADVERSE KEPOllT.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of William
B.Bowhay, praying compensation for his services,
and for certain inventions adopted by the Govern-
ment in ship building', which was laid upon the
tabic, and ordered to be printed.
WAR ACCOUNTS OF THE STATE 01? NEW YORK.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation thai it do
pass, bill of the House No. 438, to settle the ac-
counts of the State of New'York for advances
made to the United States during the war with
Great Britain, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OF NAME OF A SCHOONER.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back joint resolution of the Senate
No. 94, to change the name of the schooner Sally
McGtee to that of Ocean Eagle.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM B. 43NOWIIOOK.
Mr. IvELLOGG, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, bill of the House
No. 487, for the relief of William*^. Snowhook.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is not tins the
same bill, in substance, upon winch we voted
some time ago ?
JVh\ KELLOGG, of Illinois. The bill has been
changed and amended so as to be satisfactory to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I hope the
gentleman will not objcct to it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 want to say a
few words upon it, but I will yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, while he states in what respect
the bill has been amended.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The bill is not
materially changed. It releases the surety on the
payment of the balance of the judgment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope the gen-
tleman will state the facts. I shall not objcct to
the bill, if it is right.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Some time since
1 repdrted a bill similar to this, and the action of
the House was adverse to it. I then introduced
another bill dilTeimg somewhat fiom that, which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi^ary,
and I was directed to report it to the House. The
bill simply proposes to release this security from
$2,500 of the judgment recovered against him on
payment of the balance of the judgment. It does
not release the principal, but it releases the secur-
ity, on the ground that before this particular item
of $2,500 was placed m the hands of this marshal
who proved to be a defaulter, and upon whose
bond this judgment was obtained, the Govern-
ment had been informed that the marshal was der-
elict in his duty; that he was embezzling money;
and that money ought not to be placed in his
hands. The securities urged, in wiiting to the De-
partment, that no more money should be placed in
his hands, and that he should be removed from
office. They importuned the Government for
some time, but failed in securing his removal, and
failed in preventing them from placing money in
his hands. The Government afterwards placed
in his hands §2,500, and that amount of money
forms a portionpf the judgment recovered against
the principal and the>seQuritie'& . k is-upon that
ground that we ask that the security be released
upon.the payment of the balance of the judgment,
not in any way relieving,the principal,
I had read to the House before the letter of the
United States attorney who procured the judgment
and the letter of the judge who tried the case, stating
that while they believed it was not a legal ••defense,
yet there was a meritorious claim that might prop-
erly be presented to Congress, that there was equity
in it, and that they recommended that Congress
should release the securities.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. What was the
whole amount of the judgment?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. About four or
five thousand dollars. They have paid a consid-
erable portion of it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The principal is
worthless?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not know.
I cannot say, for I do not know where the prin-
cipal now is.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. When this bill, or
a bill very similar to it, was before the House a
few weeks since, I felt it to be my duty to state
some reasons why, in my judgment, it ought not
to pass, and I voted myself against it. 1 would
be glad to have an opportunity to examine this case
more fully than I have yet done, and I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to allow mc to make a
motion to postpone the bill till the next session of
Congress. '
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, sir, while
I am solicitous that the bill should pass, believing
it to be eminently just and meritorious, I shall not
prevent the gentleman from making that motion,
but I hope he will indicate some day next session,
say the second Monday, and make it the special
order for that day.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. That is my intention.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Not make it a
special order?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There is no spe-
cial order assigned as yet for that day.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I believe I have
the floor, and I will yield it for a moment to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold.]
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 desire to say, in regard to
this bill, that it is recommended by the judge who
presided at the trial, and by the district attorney
who prosecuted and obtained judgment against the
parties. They undeistand all the facts of the case,
and recommend the passage of this bill.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise simply to move to post-
pone the bill until the first Friday in the next ses-
sion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Let it be made a
special order, so that it will come up and be acted
on.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. .1 objcct to that.
Mr. ARNOLD. I do not propose to add fur-
ther at the present time. I merely wished to call
the attention of the House to the fact that the judge
who tried the case, and the prosecuting attorney
who obtained the judgment, both concur in the
propriety of passing this bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I propose only
to say a word in supportof my conditional objec-
tion to the bill. The fact that the judge who tries
a case, and the district attorney who prosecutes
the case, recommend some act of mercy, is not,
we all know from experience, a very safe test on
which to gauge our action in a case of this kind,
or in other cases where like proceedings are likely
to occur. It has been found necessary by the
Legislatures of the several States to see by statute
that neither the judge who tries the case, nor the
districtattorncy who prosecutesit,scnd to the Ex-
ecutive a recommendation of pardon, unless they
shall be called upon to do so, and then they shall
make a statement of the fact. So easy is it to
work upon human sympathy, which prosecuting
attorneys and judges, like other people, have. I
do not mean, however, to say that in this case there
arc not good reasons why the district attorney and
the judge should recommend that a portion of
this judgment should be remitted. But 1 do say
this, that there seems to be, as I think gentlemen
on all sides will agree with me, an exceedingly
lax understanding of the law relating to sureties
and official bonds, at least upotl the part of some
persons connected with the Government.
I have heard it advanced upon this floor, that j
the mere delay in the prosecution of a principal !
discharges the sureties. I have' heard it said, in
answer to a question put substantially upon that
point, that a man could defend himself against
prosecution as surety withoqtshowmg that a bind-
ing agreement had been made which enlarged the
time for the performance of the contract of the
principal by merely showing that laches had oc-
curred upon the part of the holder of the obliga-
tion.
I have heard it said—not by the gentleman from
Illinpis, [Mr. Kellogg,] because he very prop-
erly disclaims it—but I have heard it said that jt
was a legal defense to show that by somo conver-
sation or something in writingvit had been inti-
mated to the holder of the obligation that some-
thing was wrong on the part of the principal. It
is said that would constitute a legal defense upon
the part of the sureties. It is not so said here.
It is said here, however, that a claim arises in
equity, in mercy, in an enlarged beneficence, or in
some way, where the principal receives money
after his surety has become satisfied that he is un-
worthy of trust, and has so notified the holder of
the bond. -
Now, sir, if this is to be the understanding upon
which we are to act, put it upon what ground you
please, then I insist upon it, and I think the gen-
tleman from Illinois will agree with me, that it
behooves us, after we shall have allowed this
claim, after we shall have passed this bill, to give
notice to the Departments by legislatioa of some
description, that they are bound to take notice of
every caveat of any sort filed by the sureties of an
officer; that otherwise an equity grows up in be-
half of the sureties, who have had their day in
court, who have litigated the proposition upon all
grounds known to the law, and after judgment
has been obtained, and the amount of the defalca-
tion recovered. Now, if this is to be treated as a
precedent case, the Treasury Department, and all
the Departments, ought to be put upon their guard,
because I do know it is not the understanding
now. The Departments look at the nomination
of the bond; they look at the agreement stated in
the bond, and they do not consider every idle let-
ter that may be written, or every conversation
which may take place, as something that varies
the terms of that agreement; something which
they are bound to consider as a running comment-
ary upon it; or that they are bound to conform to
every suggestion that may be made in that way.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I wish to say that when
this claim was up before, I was well satisfied in
my own mind that there was no valid or equitable
i eason why the claim should be alio wed. I know
it is a very easy matter to show that it is a hard
case if sureties have to pay their obligations, and
this bill seems to be pressed with considerable
warmth by its friends, but 1 am not willing to vote
for it at this time. This is a bad period of the
session to consider such a question. Fearing,
however,that some injustice maybe done in this
particular instance, I am willing to vote for the
postponement of the bill until some day in the
next session.
Mr.ROSCOE CONKLING. Now,Mr.Speak-
er, I was going on to say that i make these sug-
gestions, notby way of o'bjection to the bill. I am
not at all prepared to say that there are not in this
case special reasons for action at this time. I have
the more hesitation in desiring to defeat the bill
at this time because I have very great respect for
the opinion of the Judiciary Committee when they
have concurred in it with any considerable una-
nimity, which I understand they have expressed
in favor of the justice of this claim. But it seems
to me, at this stage of the session, the occasion is
a very bad one for the consideration of a question
ofthissoit. I will, therefore, move, or I will yield
the floor to my colleague to ino\e, to postpone the
bill to any day in the next session which will be
agreeable to the gentleman ftom Illinois.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not care what
day if yon will make it a special order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Itcannot be made
a special order without the unanimous consent of
the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will suggest the first Friday
in December next.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I think that is too
early. I would suggest the second Friday in De-
cember.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Very well. I
will say the second Friday in December.
