2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
the traitors, after being pressed to the wall, might
escape to a foreign country, leaving their estates
in the hands of overseers and agents, to be man-
aged for their benefit under the protection of that
Government they had sought to destroy;. Benja-
min and Floyd, though themselves driven from
the country, might send their agents to Pennsyl-
vania for their fugitive slaves, and claim that the
marshal of the United States may compel any one
—it may be, some aged father, whose first-born
son has been murdered by these rebels—to aid in
their capture! Sir, the denial of the right of con-
fiscation puts the Government at the mercy of
traitors, robs it of the power to preserve itself, and
exhibits its weakness to the scorn of men.
Another clause of the Constitution is held up
as a shield for traitors; that Congress shall not
pass a bill of attainder. These confiscation and
emancipation measures arc not bills of attainder.
A bill of attainder in England was an cx post facto
law, a private statute, enacted against offenders
by name, generally for treason; employed often
against men who had /led, and sometimes after
death, by which their blood heritable was attainted.
It affected the person of the offender without a
trial. So far as these bills may be regarded as bills
of punishment, they are general in their provis-
ions, apply to offenses after their passage,and do
not in the least affect the persons of the rebels or
their heirs through them by attaint of blood.
It is true that bills of attainder are bills of con-
fiscation; but then all bills of confiscation are not
bills of attainder. Besides, these measures are
something more than mere acts for the punishment
of rebels. They are military measures, to weaken
the enemy and suppress .the rebellion in the same
way that the army we provide, the blockade we
enforce, the non-intercourse law we have enacted,
are military measures.
It is further objected that the power in question
is an executive and not a legislative one. 1 should
be glad to see that man who believes the exclusive
power to be in the President; who will stand up
here and say that the President ought to exert it.
Unfortunately, those who thus teach will in the
same breath proclaim the total exemption of pri-
vate property on land, belonging to the enemy,
fiom all confiscation or other jnteiference from a
belligerent Power. I, too, believe, inasmuch as
confiscation and emancipation of enemy's prop-
erty and slaves within the territory of the United
States is a belligerent right, universally recognized
and allowed, that the President ought to be pre-
sumed to have authority to exercise it in the ab-
sence of any act of Congress withholding it. I
have no doubt that, under his general powers as
Commander-in-Chief, the President might declare
non-intercourse during the war between citizens of
the rebellious Stolen and the loyal States, but that,
like all other powers concerning the direction of
the war, they are subotdmate to the power of
Congress to declare war—to say how far and in
what way it shall be conducted, or to end it alto-
gether. The military authority in this country is
necessarily subordinate to the laws, to the law-
making power, to Congress and the President.
Thuy may invite slaves into their lines, on the
assurance of freedom. Congress and the Presi-
dent may forbid it. They may refuse or neglect
to invite them. Congress and the President may
compel them.
The opinion of Mr. Adams lias been leferred to
as favoring the idea that the power is in the Pres-
ident. It is true he said that in time of war, civil
or foreign, " not only the President of the United
States, but the commander of the Army has power
to order the universal emancipationof the slaves;"
but it is evident that lie regarded it as a power
subordinate to Congress, lor in the same speech
he declares, with reference to slavery, that with a
call to suppress an insurrection "comesa full and
plenary power to this House and the Senate over :
tho^whole subject, it i.s a war power." .But the '
difficulty is that a doubt has been raised upon this 1
point by the decision of the Supreme Court in '
.brown s case, respecting the power to confiscate .
property, m which it was held that a mere decla- >
ration of war does not carry with it the implied ,
authority to the military commander to confiscate !
enemy s puvate property within the territory of
the United Slates. It was regarded by the "Sn- ,
preme Corn t as a belligeicnt right; but as the pol- !
icy of its exercise hardly accords with the more |
modern and humane sentiments which obtain in I
international wars, it should not, in tfie absence
of express law, be presumed to have a place among
the agencies confided to the general war-waging
authority, but being, nevertheless, a clear and
unquestionable belligerent right, political in its
nature, it was exclusively within the discretion of
the legislative branch of the Government. That
is what they thought about confiscation.
Now, sir, it is true, and cannot be denied, that
a general and sweeping confiscation of the private
property of the enemy, and the confiscation of
debts due to him, would be viewed with some
aversion by nations governed by public law; and
out of respect to that opinion, if for no other and
weightier reason, we might well hesitate to visit,
with this terrible weapon,more than thechief pro-
moters of the rebellion, holding mercy for the
thousands of their dupes. But it must be remem-
bered that confiscation and emancipation are not
identical, though the right to emancipate is sup-
ported by argument drawn from the analogy of
confiscation. The property of the rebels did not
cause the war. Slavery did. The confiscation of
property will produce its fruits—whatever good
fruits it may bear—only after the rebellion is sub-
dued, except as it may furnish a motive to the
rebels to lay down their arms; it will not add to
their cares m preserving and keeping it during
the war. But emancipation of their slaves will
bring you thousands of strong, acclimated men to
endure the hardships ofa malarious region to which
our soldiers will be subjected,and furnish you with
spies innumerable throughout the country. It will
distract the attention of the rebels from their for-
tifications and camps to their plantations, so that,
while confiscation of property will be of but little
avail, as a military measure, to subdue the rebel-
lion, the emancipationof slaves, by assuring them
of freedom, will be the most powerful auxiliary
to our arms, and give us that "superiority of
strength" in the contest which Madison assures
us will follow the alliance. Pioperty is esteemed
sacred by civilized nations. Confiscation takes it
and puts it into the Treasury, or divides the spoil
among the captors, but emancipation only sev-
ers a relation odious to the civilization of the age.
So that the same public sentiment of enlightened
nations which is an ingredient of public law, and
which might be offended by a general confiscation
of property, would hail with delight the emanci-
pation of slaves. It even now stands amazed at
our backwardness to apply the remedy. Thus,
whether viewed with reference to the cause of the
rebellion, its suppression and the security against
its return, emancipation stands on preeminently
stronger grounds than confiscation, and is open
to none of the strictures which have been applied
to it. I think it therefore likely that the Supreme
Court would, when they decided Brown's case,
have held the power of the President to emanci-
pate the slaves of enemies in the territory by a
military order. But I am not sure that they would
hold so now. These political questions depend
very much for their solution on the hue of public
opinion, from the influences of which judges are
no more exempt than othcrmen; and hence every
man who is in earnest about this thing will not
hesitate to remove ail doubts by needful legislation.
I am not surprised to find the supreme power
of Congress denied, for I have never known any
measure of special interest and value to the coun-
try proposed when we have not had homilies in-
numerable on delegated and reserved powers. The
truth is, these rebels who have so long controlled
us, weic ever intent on exalting the State gov-
ernments at the expense of the Federal. They
were constantly trying to dwaif its proportions
for good, though they always saw their way very
clearly for mischief. They set the example, and it
became quite the-fashion. But, sir, lam surprised
that any man who gave his vote to the act of July
last, emancipating the slaves of rebels employed
m the military service of the enemy, should deny
the power of Congress to emancipate those slaves
of iebe!s who, though not so employed, are yet
J aiding those who aie. I have heard no distinction
I thus far to sustain the" one and reject the other,
i It has been said that emancipation can only
I stand on the power to make rules concerning
i " captures," and therefore the law will not reach
j beyond our camps; that only the slaves we shall
I capture will be free, and for all the rest our law
I will be but gasconade—" vox et prcctereu nihil,"
1 Well, sir, I do not base it upon that clause; but if
I did I would be satisfied if I could get a rule that
would go along with the advancing columns of the
Army, a rule that no general would dare to vio-
late, giving freedom to every human soul within
the lines. But the capture clause is itself only an
incident of the general war power of Congress—
" the power," as Judge Story terms it, " to de-
clare war and limit its effect?"—and would have
vested in Congress even if it had not been ex-
pressed in the Constitution. When Congress was
authorized to declare war, and make rules for the
governmentofthe Army, 1 suppose it could hardly
be doubted that it could regulate captures. "It
was," the same judge remarks, "inserted, like
many other superfluous clauses in the Constitu-
tion, outof excessivecaution." Being,therefore,
but an incident itself, it is erroneous to measure
the power in question—the power to emancipate
—by it, they being both incidental to the general
powers. There is no countenance, then, given to
the cry of " brittumfulmen" by this clause of the
Constitution. When the State of Maryland con-
fiscated the property of British subjects in that
State, the Supreme Court of the United States held
that the act operated upon the property, by divest-
ing the title at once and vesting it in the State, so
that the courts would afterwatds assert it.
The opposition of professed Union men to any
measure of emancipation surprises me, especially
when their opposition is often expressed in lan-
guage which, though it may have the semblancc,
is yet without the substance of loyalty. Why is
it, now that the door is opened for the removal of
slavery, that gentlemen, North and South, with
the fiery ardor of zealots, close around this enemy
of our peace and lock their shields into a rampart
of defense, as if the monster were the very soul
of the Republic? It cannot be that they expect it
to be eternal. It cannot be that they expect these
four millions to go on swelling their numbers at
the rate of thirty per cent, every decade, and at
the same time the chances of a peaceful and happy
termination of their thralldom will increase. They
seem to suppose, if the boon of liberty is granted,
that in the wild licentiousness of freedom, they
will bring destruction upon themselves and upon
the white race. What an awful warning does
this self-same reason address to the men of this
generation. Why, sir, it confesses the dreadful
danger of withholding from human beings, formed
by the Creator for social existence, the natural
rights of the human family. No art can disguise
this truth from the*sight of plain men, that regu-
lated liberty is the birth-right of every human
being, and any State that persistently usurps the
right to convert him into a chattel, risks its exist-
ence upon a volcano, which will assuredly burst
forth and cover it with destruction. It was this
consideration which filled the prophetic vision of
Jefferson with the horrible pictures of future ca-
lamity to his country; and I cannot conceive how
any patriot can look upon the prospects of society
so organized without sadness, without alarm. I
do not believe that such a man, impressed with
the truth which reason teaches, and which reve-
lation with stern simplicity declares, that God
" hath made of one blood all nations of men to
dwell on all the face of the earth," can look for-
ward with pleasant hopes for the welfare of his
people. Thick clouds and darkness must cover
the prospect.
I entertain none of the fears, professed by some,
for the evil consequences of the substitution of free
labor for slave labor. We are pointed to the ca-
lamities of St. Domingo, which followed emanci-
pation, and are warned against the supposed effects
of the change in that island. Sir, how came the
calamity of St. Domingo? What cause moved the
blacks to deeds of cruelty ? Was it the licentious-
ness of liberty ? No, sir; it was the cruelty and
perfidy of white men. In the first place, the free
mulatfoes were encouraged by the events of the
French Revolution to ask such rights and privi-
leges as they, the owners of one third the prop-
erty of the island, were entitled to. The Assem-
bly*granted their prayer. They did not raise a
hand till the whites of the island, or a portion of
them, lebetled against the decree of the Assem-
bly, and endeavoied to carry their point by the
bloody destruction of the enfranchised. It was
then, sir, as in all wars, and as in our war, the
actual issue of the incipient struggle was shifted,
and the slaves were drawn into us vortex. They
achieved their freedom. Peace and prosperity,
