8260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope the House
will not postpone this bill* But if it should be
the will of the House to do so, I will again pre-
sent considerations to the House at that time in
favor of the passage of the bill.
I wish to say that all the gentleman from New
York indicates as the rule in the States in relation
to the action of the courts and attorneys, has
been complied with in this case; that the letters
to which I have referred are not mere matters of
sympathy, but they set forth facts, and the judg-
ment of the law upon those facts, as well as their
own opinions as the justice of the claim.
I wish to state, further, that while I do not
claim this as a legal defense, I do claim that the
courts of the United States have decided that this
class of defense is a legal defense. I am not one
of those, however, who have ever contended for
it. I admit fully that lachcs in the prosecution of
the principal is no defense to the security.
This case is put upon the ground that so full
and clear had been the warning to the Government
officers that this was an unfit man to have custody
of Government funds, that their continuing to put
money in his hands was a wrong to the security.
That is the point.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether he does not know that
all the Departments of the Government, despite of
notices of this sort, continue to repose pecuniary
confidence in the principal, with the understanding
that the bond of the sureties is perfect?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not know
what the practice is, but I had never supposed
that that was the practice; and I say here that it
never ought to be the practice. When the Gov-
ernment is advised that there is an unfaithful ser-
vant squandering the funds of the Government it
is due in truth and justice to the security and to
the Government itself that no more money shall
be put in his hands, and that the official shall be
removed. That is the case presented here*, and
on that ground the passage of this bill is asked
for.
Mr. BINGHAM. May t make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. KfcLLOGG, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe this is the case
that was considered in the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Yes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire the gentleman to
state to the House, as clearly as he can, the amount
of the judgment,
Mr.DAWES. What is the use of all this, when
the bill is to he postponed?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not desire
that it shall be postponed. I want it passed now.
Mr. DAWES. But if the House will not pass
it now, you want it postponed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Yes.
Mr. DAWES. Now I understand.
Mi. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think theamount
is about $4,000.
Mr. BINGHAM. My recollection is that it
is #5,000.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. ^Between four
and five thousand dollars. I have no more to say.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move the pre-
vious question on the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the further consideration of the bill was postponed
till the second Friday in December next.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was postponed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 318) for relief in the land claim
in California, known as the claim of Francisco
Soberanes, to a tract of land known as Saujon
tie Santa Rita;
Joint icsolution (S.No.76) relating to the com-
pensation of Senators elected or appointed to fill
vacancies;
An act (S. No. 383) to define the pay and emol-
uments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 119) confirming a land claim in
the State of Iowa, and for other purposes;-
Joint resolution (S. No. 80) authorizing the
State of Minnesota to change the line of certain
branch railroads in said State, and for other pur-
poses;
* Joint resolution (S.No. 93) in relation to con-
tracts with the United States;
,An act (S. No. 351) supplementary to the «« Act
for the release of certain persons held to service in
the District of Columbia," approved April 16,
1862;
An act (S.No.316) to provide for the payment
of fines and penalties collected by, or paid to, the
justices of the peace of the District of Columbia,
under the acts of Congress approved the 3d an d
5th of August, 1861, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (S. No. 82) to provide for the
presentation of "medals of honor" to the enlisted
men of the'Army and volunteer force who have
distinguished, or who may distinguish, themselves
in battle during the present rebellion;
An act (S. No. 380) repealing the law requiring
bonds of paymasters and assistant paymasters to
be approved by the judge or attorney of the dis-
trict in which such paymaster or assistant pay-
master shall reside; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 78) to suspend all pay-
ments under the act approved March 25, 1862,
entitled "An actta secure to the officers and men
actually employed in the western department, or
department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pensions," and for other purposes.
REVENUE CUTTER SERVICE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back House bill (No. 561) in
relation to commissioned officers in the United
Statps revenue cutter service.
The bill provides that commissioned officers in
the United States revenue cutter service shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, and that no offi-
cers not §o nominated and confirmed at the end
of next session of Congress shall be considered
an officer in the service. The grades of engineer
shall be chief engineer, first and second assistant
engineers, with the pay and relative rank of first,
second, and third lieutenants, respectively. The
wages of the petty officers and crew are not to ex-
ceed the average wages paid for like services on
the Atlantic or Pacific coast respectively. Officers
while serving in accordance with law as part of
the Navy arc to rank as follows: captains with,
and next after, lieutenants commanding in the
Navy; first lieutenants as lieutenants; second
lieutenants as masters in line; third lieutenants as
passed midshipmen.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I inquire whether
there is a letter from the Department accompany-
ing the bill ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
have it read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Treasury Department, June 30,1862.
Riu: I have the honor to transmit for the consideration
of the Committee on Commerce and of Congress abill rel-
ative to the revenue cutter service.
The first section merely lequires concunent action by
the Senate in the appointmentof all commissioned officers
in this service.
The second section authorizes no increase of numbers
or pay of engineers, but makes three grades, in place of two,
as at present authorized, thereby reducing the compensa-
tion of one class to correspond with the services and ac-
quirements? of the office is of that grade.
The third section creates a legal and uniform standard of |
wages, not to exceed the average paid in the merchant
service.
The revenue cutters arc an important adjunct of the gen-
era! revenue service, and which the legislation of the last
and present sessions of Congress in relation to the revenue
has rendered still more necessary.
The bill Increases no expense, but by throwing new
guards around the appointment of officers, enhances their
sense of their position and responsibly, and promotes the
general efficiency of the service. 1 theiefore lecommend
its immediate adoption.
I am, very respectfully, S. F. CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
"Hon. E.(B. Washburne, Chairman Committee on Com-
mcrcey House of Representatives
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that the words " in the mer-
chant service" should be inserted after the words
" the average wages paid for like services on ihe
Atlanticor Pacific coast, respectively." Asitnow
stands, the provision seems indefinite and equiv-
ocal. i
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSIDERATION FOB. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with amendments, an act
(S. No. 368) to prevent members of Congress and
officers of the GovernmeBtof the United States
from taking consideration for procuring contracts,
office, or place, from the United States.
The first amendment was to strike out the word
"give,"in the iift-h line.
The amendmentwas agreed to.
The second amendment was to insert after the
word 4t whomsoever," in the thirteenth line, the
words:
And the person or persons who shall, directly or indi-
rectly, offer or agree to give, or give or bestow any money,
pioperty, or other valuable consideration whatsoever, for
the procuring or aiding to procure, any contract, office, or
place as aforesaid, and any member o/ Congress who shall
directly or indirectly, take, receive, or agree to receive any
money, property, or other valuable consideration whatso-
ever, after his election as such member, for his attention to,
services, action, vote, or decision on any question, matter,
cause, or proceeding which may then be pendinjr, or may
by law or under the Constitution of the United States be
brought before him in his official capacity or in his place of
trust and profit, as such membei of Congress.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to have that sec-
tion amended. I want to have introduced the
words " or accept as a present." Sometimes, after
the job is done, presents are made to members.
I want the same rule applied to them that is ap-
plied to foreign ministers.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that the amendment, as it
stands, does substantially provide for the punish-
ment of accepting any gift of any sort for any-
thing he does m any official capacity or m an exer-
cise of trust.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Allow me to say a word.
If this bill is intended to comprehend penalties for
all kinds of temptation and corruption, I think that
it is wanting in one respect. An oily contractor
comes here and he goes to an equally oily member
to help him to procure a contract. After he gets
the contract, the contractor becomes generous and
makes the member a present of a carriage and
horses. I do not think that such cases are pro-
vided for by this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think that all such cases
will be included under the provisions of this bill.
Mr. WJCKLIFFE. Does it provide for those
who shall make such gifts?
Mr. BINGHAM, it includes those who give
and those who receive such gifts.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 'inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio whether the penalty to be
visited upon members of Congress for certain acts
extends to their taking pay or reward of any sort
for assisting in obtaining contracts or appoint-
ments?
Mr. BINGHAM. It imposes the same pen-
alty for assisting for reward to obtain contracts
or appointments.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Listening to the
reading of the bill, I received the impression that
the penalty is confined to a certain number of acts
enumerated; for example, receiving pay for votes
or influence in any matter depending before Con-
gress; and I ask the gentleman from Ohio whether
it extends so far; and if it does not, I ask him to
make it so comprehensive as to include the case
of a member of Congress who may use his in-
fluence for pay or reward to procure a contractor
an appointment, or the making of any sale to the
Government, or for any other purpose he accom-
plishes wholly or in part, in consequence of being
a member of Congress. I want the bill to punish
both the man who receives and the man who gives
pay or reward in any of these cases.
Air. BINGHAM. All that the gentleman has
suggested has already been anticipated by the
provisions of this bill.^ I am free to say that if
i this bill did not provide for the cases whefe con-
j tracts or appointments were procured for pay or
i reward by members of Congress, it would be de-
' fective. I think the bill is a most comprehensive
