1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
foim the ITouse wijy the information required by the House
has not boen furnished, and that he be directed to furnish
the same, with a .statement of  uch changes as have oc-
curred in reference to such pavmasters and additional
paymasteis since the l'2th day of December, 1361.
POST ROUTE IN MARYLAND.
Mr. CRISFIELD submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads mquiie into the expediency of establishing a
post loute trom St. Michael's, in Talbot county, in the
State of Mar} land, to Bioad Cicek Neck, in the same
county.
RAILROAD FACILITIES.
Mr. LEHMAN submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish to this House, in addition to the coirespondenee with
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, that between the War
Department and other railroads between Baltimore and
New Yoik,concei mug increased laihoad tacihucs between
New Yoik and Washington.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to strike
out " requested," and insert " directed."
Mr. LEHMAN. I acccpt that amendment.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
EXCHANGE OF COLONEL CORCORAN.
Mr. ANCONA submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form tins House the cause, it any, for the piottacted delay
in the exchange of Colonel Cnrcoian, a piiaoner of war at
Richmond since July last, and that he be, and is heiebv,
directed to stop all exchanges ofpusoners until Colonel Cor-
coran be released.
PRINTING OF RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. MOORHEAD submitted the following res-
olution; which was read and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the leciproeity
tieaty with Great Butain of June 5, 1854, and the laws jn
lclatton thereto, be punted tor the use of the member of
the Ilou'-e.
EXCHANGE OF COLONEL CORCORAN—AGAIN.
Mr. BLAKE. I understand that the resolu-
tion of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ancona,] adopted just now, directs the Secretary
of War to stop all exchanges of prisoners until
Colonel Corcoran shall be released.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
gentleman can move a reconsideration.
Mr. BLAKE. I move, then, to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted. It is
the last part of the resolution that I object to.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider
gives rise to debate, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. BLAKE. I desire to discuss it.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to recon-
sider goes over.
"WILLIAM II. NOBLES.
Mr. OLIN submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the icport of the Seeretaiy of tiie Interior
made to Congress in the case of William II. Nobles, and
the original vouchers aecomp'injing the ^ame, be delivered
to the Second Auditoi of the Treasury to enable him to ^tate
the account foi payment under the act appioved March 8,
1B62.
INVULNERABLE SHIPS AND BATTERIES.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, introduced a joint
resolution, authorizing the Secretary of War to
test the plans and materials for rendering ships
and floating batteries invulnerable; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
THE CAPITOL BAKERIES.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table the
joint resolution from the Senate (No. 32) direct-
ing the lemoval of the Army bakeries from the
Capitol.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 guess we had better have the
regular order of business until the Senate speaks
respectfully of the House.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to suspend the rules so
that the joint resolution may be taken up.
Mr. BLOSCOE CONKLING. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I make the
point of order that the motion to suspend the
rules is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. One hour is to be devoted to the call of
the States for bills and resolutions, and to the call
of committees for reports, and during that hour
a motion to suspend the rules is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not understand the
decision of the Chair. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts moves a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order during
the first hour after the-reading of the Journal on
Mondays.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts moves to suspend the rules that
provide for that morning hour.
The SPEAKER. He cannot make that motion
during the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not so understand
it. I understand that on Monday any one can
move to suspend the rules at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had better have
the rule read.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the Chair will
have the rule read.
The Clerk read a paragraph from the 145th rule,
as follows:
" Nor shall the Speaker entertain a motion to suspend the
rules, except during the last ten days of the session, and on
Monday of every week at the expiiation of one hour after
the Journal is read."
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate bv Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a bill (S. No. 226) authorizing the opening of Sixth
street west, and an act (S. No. 242) changing the
name of the American built schooner John Dyer
to that of Dolphin, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state to the House
that the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads will next week report the annual post
route bill, arid we desire any members who have
petitions for post routes to hand them in this week,
so that the bill may be reported and passed next
week, and sent to the Senate.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regu-
lar order of business, to call the committees for
reports, beginning with the Committee on Terri-
tories.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
Mr. ASHLEY, fro to the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back bill of the House No. 357 to
provide a temporary government for the Terri-
tory of Arizona, and moved that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Territories.
The bill was read. It provides that all that part
of the present Territory of New Mexico situate
west of a hue iuiimng due south from the point
where the southwest coiner of the Territory of
Colorado joins the northern boundary of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, to the southern boundary
line of said Territory of New Mexico, be, and is
hereby, erected into a temporary government, by
the name of the Territory of Arizona; but that
nothing contained in the provisions of the act shall
be construed to prohibit the Congress of the Uni-
ted States from dividing said Territory, or chang-
ing its boundaries, in such manner and at such
time as it may deem proper; and that said gov-
ernment shall be maintained and continued until
such time as the people residing in said Territory
shall, with the consent of Congress, form a State
government, republican in form, as prescribed in
the Constitution of the United States, and apply
for and obtain admission into the Union as a State,
on an equal footing with the original States.
The second section provides that the govern-
ment of the Territory shall consist of an execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial power. The execu-
tive power shall be vested in a Governor. The
legislative power shall consist of a Council of nine
members anda IJouseof Representatives of eigh-
teen. The judicial power shall be vested in a su-
preme court, to consist of three judges, and such
inferior courts as the Legislative Council may by
law prescribe; there shall also be a secretary, a
marshal, a district attorney, and a surveyor gen-
eral for said Territory, who, together with the
Governor and judges of the supreme court, shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and the term of
office for each, the manner of their appointment,
and the powers, duties, and the compensation of
the Governor, Legislative Assembly, judges of the
supreme court, secretary, marshal, district attor-
ney, and surveyor general aforesaid, with their
clerks, draughtsman, deputies, and sergeant-at«
arms, shall be such as are conferred upon the same
officers by the act organizing the territorial gov-
ernment of Washington, which subordinate offi-
cers shall be appointed in the same manner, and
not exceed in number those created by said act,
and which, where it is not inapplicable,is hereby
extended to the Territory of Arizona.
Section three provides that there shall neither
be slavery nor involuntary servitude in the said
Territory, otherwise than in the punishment of
crimes, whereof the parties shall have been duly
convicted; and that, from and after the passage
of this act, slavery or involuntary servitude is
hereby forever prohibited in all Territories now
organized; and all acts and parts of acts, either of
Congress or of any organized Territory, estab-
lishing, regulating, or in any way recognizing the
relation of master and slave in any of said Terri-
tories, is hereby repealed.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, I desire, with
the consent of the House, to have a day certain
fixed for the consideration of this bill; if that be
not agreeable to members, I shall aslc to have it
put upon its passage this morning.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. May I ask the gentleman
from Ohio a question?
Mr. ASHLEY. I will yield for a question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. This country which it is
proposed to erect into a Territory—does it not
now form a part of the New Mexican Territory?
Mr. ASHLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is it not in the adverse
possession of the enemies of the Union, and can
it be now organized by Congress? If it cannot
be, why should we create a batch of offices for
men who cannot go there ? I understand that the
forces of the United States in New Mexico have
been driven from their original position, and are
now seeking safety at a distant fort in that Ter-
ritory; and that this Territory of Arizona is now
solely and exclusively in the military occupation
of the confederates. Why should we, then, cre-
ate a Territory there, and appoint a Governor and
judges who cannot exercise their functions, unless
it be to make offices for men who ought to find
employment at home?
Mr. ASHLEY. So far as I am advised, or as
the Committee on Territories is advised, there are
no enemies of the United States in that part of
the Territory which we propose now to ercct into
Anzona, cxcept Indians.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And they are at war with
the United States.
Mr. ASHLEY. There are not in that Terri-
tory any organized white enemies of the United
States, nor have there been so faras I am advised.
The Indians have possession of the Territory,and
large interests, not only in my own State, but in
other States, have been destroyed by these In-
dians. We propose now to organize a territorial
government there for the protection of interests of
citizens of the United States in the western por-
tion of the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Are not those Indians, of
whom the gentleman speaks, under the govern-
mcn t and influence of agents appointed by the con-
iVHerntp Slates ^
Mr. ASHLEY. They are not, so far as I am
advised.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Have the United States
any agency there?
Mr. ASHLEY. If gentlemen on the other snip,
do not desire to liave a day fixed when tins bill
may be put upon its passage, I shall call the pre-
vious question on its passage now.
Mr. COX. I shall vote to postpone this bill as
long as possible—indefinitely. I shall object to
any consideration of it at all. I would not consent
to have it taken up now. The bill has in it the
famous Wilmot proviso, which has given rise al-
ready to so much trouble in the country, and this
is not a time to bring such a matter before Con-
gress.
Mr. ASHLEY. That is my colleague's opin-
ion.
Mr. COX. Yes; that is my opinion.
