2302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
aged the Government, and freedom came off vic-
torious in the conflict both with slavery and the
Government. The man who had done its bidding,
it spumed at Cincinnati, and cast him off, to
choose a new servant who would be blind to all
its operations—in whose very presence it might
plot its contemplated treason. During his ad-
ministration it finished its work, as it thought,
and its first treason was against the political party
whose great name it had used to make for itself
opportunities to plot its treason against the coun-
try. It killed the great leader of the Democracy
whom it might have made President, but it wanted
no more Presidents, and least of all him. It
thought its time had come—that its schemes were
nicely laid.
"I call the faith of gods and men to question,
The power is in our hands. * * * *
There wants only to begin this business ;
The issue is certain.
" Let the Jong hid seeds
Of treason + **■>< novv g)10ot forth in deeds
Ranker than honor."
There was now no longer question what was
best to do, as when the thing was first conceived,
but what must be done. A pretext must be sought
to inflame the minds of the people, and it was seen
coming in the election of a northern man by north-
ern votes, which slavery had conspired to bring
about. The returns had hardly been counted, and
while the wires were hot that flashed the intelli-
gence to the remotest hamlet, South Carolina went
out of the Union. The chief heads and guiding
spirits of the conspiracy came daily into the Sen-
ate, or held seats in the blind and ague-shaking
old man's Cabinet. Who ever looked upon such
pernicious hypocrisy of tieason ? The different
governmentsot the rebelling States were counseled
and directed by men in these Hulls, hindering by
their votes any attempt to conciliate or to arrest
treason; who waited for the time, of which they
were advised, when their States should declare
themselves seceded, and then taking their mock
farewells, flew to take the lead in this most cursed
war. Well might some Cicero have said:
" Go where tliou rnean'st; the port" are open. Forth !
Tlie camp abiond wants thee, their chief, too Ion".
Lend with thee .ill thy tioops out, purge the cityf
Draw dr) that noisome an/i pernicious sink
Which left behind tliee would infect the world.
TJiou, Jupitei,
Dave from thy altars, and nil other temples,
And buildings of this city, from our walls,
Lives, state?, and foitimes of our citizens,
Tlii-i fiend, this fuiy with iiis 'complices,
" These known traitors
Unto their country, t/ueves ol Italy, .
Joined in so dniuu'd a league of mischief, thou
Wilt with pi'rpetual plagues, alive and dead,
Punish for Home and save her innocent head."
It is time that the Republic receive no loss; or
if too late for that, to drain dry the sources upon
which this treason feeds. I am amazed at what I
hear, that seems to hold so sacred all the rights
that by every act of rebellion has been forfeited,
and should be held as lost by every law of reason
and every rule of self-defense. No man has the
hardihood to deny that wo should meet and over-
come the rebels m buttle. The utmost energies
of the nation should be exerted to crush out this
treason, even to draining the country to the last
man and the last dollar of its treasure; but it is
said our enemy's resom ces must remain untouched
by us, to continue to nourish and keep alive the
baleful body of this treason. Almost every fam-
ily in the North has lent some son orfalher to the
service of the Government. Alas! how many
never to be leturned. Every household stands
ready to be drained by taxes to meet the expenses
of this war, and yet we hesitate to lay our finger
on a lock of cotton or an ounce of sugar or a gram
ofrice or a leaf of tobacco, lest it is liot nominated
in the bond. Thousands of negio slaves are forced
to dig in trcnches before our lines, exposed by the
chivalry of the South to shot and shell, or to stand
upon tne ramparts and man the guns, while their
masters skulk behind the works. Bills of con-
set lption are passed by the rebel congress impress-
ing every man of certain age into military service, i
while the slaves remain at home to raise supplies
to feed them. I ins has been their boast, that all i
their men could be spared to fight, because their
negroes could perform the toil ot the plantation; j
and yet we doubt and hesitate to declare these i
men and women who thus supply their wants free '■
from such servitude, because the bond gives them I
" the pound of flesh." Is there no Portia, as a
" learned judge," to interpret the law?
" Tarry a little: there is something else.
This bond doth give thee heie no jot of blood;
The word-* expressly are, a pound of flesh :
Take thou thy bond, take thou thy pound of flesh ;
But, in the cutting of it, if thou dost shed
One drop of Christian blood, thy lands and goods
Arc, by the law^ of Venice, confiscate
Unto the State of Venice."
The framers of the Constitution may not have
contemplated times like these. It could never
have entered the minds of those who made it, that
such perils as now threaten the nation would ever
impend. They never dreamed that hardly sev-
enty years woijld pass away before that same in-
strument they were framing would be invoked to
shield the men who would destroy it. One traitor,
viler than the rest, remained behind topronoance
judgment on the acts of the President, and inter-
pret the Constitution for us who are struggling
to preserve the life of the nation. Is there no
echo to his words about this Capitol? Pity, if
there are such who repeat his arguments, that they
would not follow his example further.
If there is anything that will tend to make the
Constitution a less sacred thing in the minds of
the people, it is the use that is made of it to shield
those who are in open rebellion against it. This
people will not endure that their limbs shall be
bound with withes, but when they find them grip-
ing they will rend them like burnt flax. Is this
Constitution like an old coat of mail, through
whioh the enemy may thrust his weapon to the
heart, and leave the victim to struggle in vain to
withdraw it, because its head is entangled in the
meshes? I have said that those who framed the
Constitution contemplated no such crisis as this,
where whole States would commit treason. This
was beyond the reach of their thoughts. Individ-
uals might "give aid and comfort to the enemy,"
but half the nation would not rise in aims to de-
stroy it. Our fathers laid hold of the events and
circumstances of their times, and from them built
for themselves a Government and transmitted it
to us, to shelter us in storms, and th<jy entailed
upon us no less the duty to guard itand ourselves
from whatever new danger"might arise. If the
dykes that arc already raised to keep out the
flood are not high enough for this tempest, shall
we shrink aside and let the sea of desolation pout-
in, iind then find that what was built for our pro-
tection keeps the land deluged, and will not let
the flood retire? Such, in my estimation, is the
drift of the argument that forbids us to deal with
this rebellion in a way to finish it, because with
mole eyes you cannot see the specific clause in
the Constitution that gives us power to strip trea-
son of its chief means of support. Three millions
of bondmen bear upon their bent necks the chief
weight ot this night-hatched confederacy, and the
Constitution is invoked to keep them there!
These slaves have hearts, they feel; they have
minds, they think. They know what all this war
is about;1 and what astonishment must seize them
when they hear, as hear they do, that while we
exhaust ourselves of vigorous men and uncounted
millions ot treasure to meet and overcome the re-
volted States, we still force them to serve our des-
perate foe. What despair will fill their bosoms
when they feel that the tide of war that surges
around and above them, terminate as it may, will
only bury them deeper m the gloom of servitude.
When hope, like a new sun, broke upon them
through the rifted clouds of war, like human be-
ings they turned to look whence came its beams.
Their dark hands were lifted to heaven, and they
blessed this northern light. May they not findit
is the cold gleam of an iceberg! If you force this
despair upon them, they will seek to make their
servitude endurable by faithful devotion to then-
masters, and by their lives and their labors they
will hope to gam some favor at the hand of those
whom they serve. It is not in ifuman nature, and
they have that quality, that they should sympa-
thize with their masters in this war. They know
it r waged to perpetuate the dismal night of their
servitude, and we know with what trembling tim-
idity they olFer us then* aid, and how grateful they
aie lor the privilege of serving us. At the bay-
onet's point they are thrust forward to meet the
unerring bullets of <5ur sharpshooters, which their
masters dure not encounter. The levolver glares
at them with its circle of eyes behind, and the
telescopic rifle fixes its steady glare upon them be-
fore. We refuse to take advantage of the inform-
ation they would bring, though wc have never
known it to lead us astray, and send them back to
be whipped to death for their faithfulness; and all
this we do because we are so scrupulous of the
constitutional rights of slave owners.
Their constitutional rights! They scorned them
all. They have trampled the Constitution beneath
the bloody hoofs of war, and we still seek to pack
their breast-works with the rent parchment, so
that our shot shall not reach the cause and sup-
port of this rebellion.
I do not like the tone of the assumption that
claims for one side of this House the especial
merit of being defenders of the Constitution, nor
do I think the method taken to have the claim rec-
ognized by the great body of loyal people the best
that could be adopted. The frequent iteration of
devotion to that great instrument, and the oft-re-
peated charges of unfaithfulness upon others, are
a poor and empty satisfaction to the nation, who
are asking why the Republic is not saved. The
revolted States are but the enemies of the Govern-
ment. The people regard them in no other light;
and they look to us to crush them. They will stand
by those who seek to accomplish this the most
effectually. If we tell them we are so hampered
by the Constitution that,although they may over-
come their enemies in the field, we must leave
their implacable foe possessed of all his resources,
with the poison still treasured in his fang, we
teach them to disrespect that instrument, the most
sacred of all legacies, save one, of departed time.
It is so sacred that whatever threatens it must be
destroyed. If it be men, they must pay the for-
feit with their lives and all that they possess. If
it be institutions, they mustbeoverthrown. This
Constitution must be preserved. There is in it
some power of self-defense, and no tissue garb of
sophistry can hide it, or fine-spun threads of logic
bind it to the earth. Let it grapple with its foe
till in its grasp no sign of life shall animate the
body of this treason.
All the strong guarantees of English liberty
were obtained by slow degrees as the times gave
opportunity. Magna Charta was wrested from
King John by the stout barons,and became a new
feature in the English constitution, which nar-
rowed the prerogative of the Crown. A law was
made to punish Stafford, the supple minister of
Charles I, with the loss of his head. Stern old
Hainden scrupled not to meet the necessities of the
times, and it was thought, " ifjustice in the whole
range of its wide armory contained one weapon
which could pierce the enemy of the people, that
weapon his pursuers were bound before God and
man to employ." It is a significant fact, that while
Charles and his ministers were attempting to over-
throw the constitution of his realm, Parliament
forced from him stronger muniments of liberty,
that in peaceful reigns would have required cen-
turies to build; and when he attempted to violate
his royal pledges it cost him his head. During
the time of the civil wars the progress of liberty
wasnotahvays forward. Sometimes it went back-
ward; butafter the storm had swept past it, stood
far advanced. While the flux and reflux of opin-
ion went on, the cause of public liberty was
steadily gaining, and the seeds it scattered when
the surface of human society was turned up as
with a plowshare have sprung to full growth, and
dropped their fruit even here upon our shores.
There can be no question that we have the right
to use all the means in our power to subdue, an-
nihilate, root out, and forever sweep away from
this earth this most monstiuus rebellion, and to
scatter its .seeds where the power to germinate
can never reach. To deny this is to outlaw our-
selves from the protection given to all men by the
law of self-defense. We strip ourselves of the
armor which in times of unusual peril like the
present we have a right, and it is our duty, to
wear. We have wrung our energies till they are
almost ready to snap to meet force with force.
We realize the fabulous numbers of ancient wars
in the hosts that fill our camps in almost un-
broken line from the Atlantic coast to the shadow
of the Rocky mountains. The tents uf our sol-
diers, like the white caps, of the ocean waves,
stretch all along our shoies,from the capes of the
Chesapeake to the mouths of the Mississippi.
The sea groans with the weight of our Navy,
which none buta Neptune could have launched in
so short a time. Do we realize that ail this great
