THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 18G2.
New Series No. 2J.
a committing magistrate, makes his complaint,
and has the man committed to jail in default of
bail, for having used those threats. Threats are
not the subject of indictment, and yet a person
may, according to the criminal law of many
States, and I presume may in the District of Co-
lumbia, be committed to jail for threatening to do
his neighbor an injury. When the court sits,
according to the custom in most of the States, at
least in my own, the parties are brought before
the court, the complaint is heard, and if the party
making the threats cannot or will not give secur-
ity, and the original cause for his detention in jail
exists, the court respite the recognizance to the
next term. I think it is proper for something of
this kind to be provided here, and I offer this
amendment to perfect the bill, as perfecting the
bill seems to be in order.  
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I have drawn another amend-
ment which I will read for the consideration of
those who have this bill immediately in charge;
I do not know myself entirely whether it is neces-
sary; I do not know how it may affect the bill.
It is after the word "judgment," in the third line
of the first section, to insert, " or held by the order
of some court of rccord." It may be that there
are in jail now some persons held by an order of
court. That order of court may have been suffi-
cient, at the time it was made, to hold them.
Mr. GRIMES. What kind of order of court?
Mr. CLARK. An order that they be confined
m jail until they do so and so, as give sureties to
keep the peace, or until they perform some order
or decree of a court of chancery. I do not know
that there are any such persons in jail now, but
the bill will certainly deliver them from the jail
if there arc.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I understand there is no objec-
tion to it. Then I move to insert the words, " or
held by the order of some court of record," after
the word judgment, in the third line of the first
section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. Then, to perfect the bill, I will
offer another little amendment in the second sec-
tion, eighth line,after the word "judgment" there,
to insert " or held by the order of some court of
record, or of cither House of Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and the
bill ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill; and they were ordered,
and being taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 4; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collnmcr, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot. Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howe, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Morrill,
Nesmith, Pmneioy, Rice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—01.
NAY3—Messr-1 Carlile, Kennedy, Powell, and Sauls-
bury—4.
So the bill was passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 161) abolishing the frank-
ing privilege was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
CASE OP THE PERTHSHIRE.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a little bill 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me one minute; there
is alittle bill to which I called attention yesterday,
and I must ask the attention of the Senate to it
again to-day. It will take only three minutes to
act on it; there can be no debate. It is the case
of the Perthshire. I will make ail explanation
that shall not occupy more than one minute.
Several Senators. That is not necessary.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate take
21
up the bill (H. R. No. 152) for the relief of the
owner of the British ship Perthshire.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the payment to the order of the proper
functionary of her Britannic Majesty's Govern-
ment of $1,000 in full compensation to the owner
of the British ship Perthshire in consequence of
her detention by the United States steamer Mas-
sachusetts in June last, under the impression that
she had unlawfully evaded the blockade of Mobile.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill explains itself.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
TROOPS IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the Senate to
permit joint resolution No. 29, reported from the
Military Committee this morning, to be taken up.
["What is it?"] A joint resolution to promote
the efficiency of the troops serving in the depart-
ment of Kansas.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That resolution will lead
to debate, and we certainly have not time to con-
sider it to-night. I hope the Senator will not
press it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly not, if it will
lead to debate. It is so simple in its provisions
that I had no idea it would lead to debate.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 14, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the consent
of the House to lay before them certain executive
communications; and, in this connection, he de-
sires to make this suggestion: that when m future
executive communications presented by him by
the unanimous consent of the House give rise to
debate, they shall be withdrawn and placed upon
the Speaker's table, to take the regular course of
business.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did not suppose such
communications could give rise to debate, except
upon a motion to print.
The SPEAKER. Debate may arise upon the
question of printing or upon that of reference. The
majority of the House may reach any such com-
munication at any time by going to the business
on the Speaker's table. The Chairdoes not wish
to be placed in the position of forcing a debate
upon a matter presented by him by unanimous
consent. If there be no objection, therefore, hp
will in future pursue the course he has suggested.
No objection was made.
THE TRENT AFFAIR.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the H ouse a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a translation of
the instruction to his minister of his Majesty the
Emperor of Austria, and a copy of a communica-
tion from that minister to the Secretary of State,
relative to the question involved in the taking from
the British steamer Trent certain citizens of the
United States, by Captain Wilkes, of the United
States Navy, to be consideied as a sequel to the cor-
respondence previously transmitted to the House
on that subject; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
SECOND COMPTROLLERS ACCOUNTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the annual
statement of the Second Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, showing balances of appropriations standing
upon the books of his office to the credit of the
Department of the Interior on the 1st July, I860,
the amounts appropriated by Congress for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending June 30,1861, includ-
ing repayments and transfers of appropriations
and the aggregate amounts applicable to the ser-
vice of said fiscal year; also, the amounts drawn
from said appropriations orcarriod to the surplus
fund from July 1, I860, to June 30,1861, and the
balances remaining in the. Treasury at the last
named date; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
TREASURER'S ACCOUNTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House, by
unanimous consent, a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a copy
of the accounts of the Treasurer with the United
States for the second and third quarters of the
year 1860, and the first and second quarters of the
year 1861, as adjusted by the accounting officers of
the Treasury Department; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF CONGRESS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a bill reported by the joint
commission on a reduction of the expenses of the
Government relating to Congress; which, under
the law, was read a first and second time,referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
SALARIES OF ARMY OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a hill reported from the
same commission regulating the pay of officers of
the Army; which was read a firstand second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The SPEAKER announced as the regular order
of business the bill reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads abolishing the
franking privilege, upon which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. When the House adjourned
on Thuisday last the call had been made forthe
previous question on the bill. As there has been
a desire expressed to have a brief debate upon that
subjcct to-day, I propose to withdraw the demand
for the previous question. I will also suggest,if
the House will consent to it, that the speeches on
the bill be limited to fifteen minutes each, including
my own, if I shall make one, although, as at pres-
ent advised, I do not expect to speak again on the
subject. If that shall be done, after the debate
has gone on for perhaps an hour, I shall ask the
Ho use to second the demand for the previous
question.
There being no objection, it was
Order ctl% That speeches on the bill under consideration
be limited to fifteen mimiies each.
Mr. PORTER. We are incurringan expendi-
ture of over a million dollars a day in endeavoring
to suppress this most unnatural lebellion, It is
indispensable, in order to maintain the public
credit, that we shall raise additional revenue, and
alleviate, as far as possible, the burdens upon the
Treasury.
If we can find a productive tax which is vol-
untary and not coercive, and which will bring ail
immediate return to the tax payer of more than
the tax which he pays, such a tax ought to re-
ceive special favor.
From the foundation of the Government until
within the last few years it has been the policy
to make the Post Oifice Department sclf-sustain-
in<r. Our Treasury has been so full, and the facil-
ities for raising revenue have been so great within
the last few years, that there has been a tempo-
rary deparlure from this policy. But now, when
our sources of revenue have become so inade-
quate to the wants of the Government, and since
we are compelled to resort to additional sources of
taxation, it is indispensable that we should now
return, so far as possible, to the original policy
of the Government.
