3264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11.
to say, in a voice not quite so loud, but as loud
as I can make it, that the bill does not make any
appropriation; that there is no money involved in
the bill at all.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I have read the bill
in the hearing of the House.
Mr. BIDDLE. I desire to read in the hearing
of the gentleman from New York what the bill
does provide for, and I am sure the gentleman will
acquiesce in the statement I have made.
Mr. _F. A. CONKLING. I have read the bill
as distinctly as I was able, in order that every
gentleman might understand its precise meaning
and extent. 1 have said that I have information
from a trustworthy source, that in order to render
this island suitable for the purposes indicated in
this bill, an outlay of at least $2,000,000 will be
required; and that therefore it will be an unprofit-
able operation for the Government to accept the
gift.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from New
York derived from a single correspondent 
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. No,sir; the honor-
able member is mistaken. Permit me to correct
him right there. My information is not from a
single quarter. ,
Mr. itELLEY. "When asked for the source
of his information, the gentleman indicated a sin-
gle correspondent. I will now ask him whether
he has any further source of information?
Mr. P. A. CONICLING. I will say to-the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that the honorable
member from Delaware, [Mr. Fisher,] whom I
do not see in his seat, showed me a communica-
tion which had been made to him.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Delaware is now present.
Mr. P. A.. CONKLING. I Sm veryghid of it.
The gentleman from Delaware showed me a com-
munication made to him, setting forth certain facts
in relation to this subject; not in reference to the
precise point of cost, but in reference to the other
matters to which I have referred.
Mr, PISHER.. I simply wish to state that, so
far as my sympathies and my feelings go, they
are all with the city of Philadelphia and its in-
terests. But in regard to the question pending
before the House, I have information from a
gentleman who I know to be as reliable as any
man in this House, and with as capable judg-
ment, in leferencc to a matter of this kind, as any
man in this House or elsewhere. lie informed
me that this island is not an island composed ori-
ginally of fast land; that there is no portion of it.
which was originally fast land; but that, on the
contrary, it is made land of some four or five hun-
dred acres, which is usually three or four feet be-
low tidewater. He further informs me that if the
United States shall accept thus island as a gift, it
will be very much in the dilemma of the man who
bought the white elephant—it will not know what
to do with it. If it is accepted, he tells me that
it can only be made useful to the Government by
the expenditure of a vast sum of money.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like the gentleman to
give me the name of his informant.
Mr. FISHER. Ilis name is George W. Church-
man, and he is familiarly acquainted with the Del-
aware river and Delaware bay, and with all the
islands and uli the lands adjacent thereto or lying
therein.
Mr. LEHMAN. With the permission of my
colleague, 1 wish to state for the information of the
gentleman from Delaware, that the Government
will not find itself in the condition of the man who
bought the white elephant, because, according to
the terms of the gift of the city of Philadelphia of
this island to the Government, unless it is accepted
and occupied as a naval depot,it reverts to the city
Moreover, I wish to state to him that the island
is of immense value, and while I do not claim for
the city of Philadelphia any more extended phi-
lanthropy than I would concede to any other city
in the United Suites, yet I do say that this island
will be of immense advantage to this Government,
and that it is one which it ought gladly to accept.
Philadelphia is stimulated not so much from a de-
sire of benefiting its own citizens, as it is from a
desire to furnish to the Government one of the best
sites for a naval depot in the United States. Not-
withstanding the information winch the gentleman
from New York has obtained from isolated sources,
I venture to state, from a knowledge of the charac-
ter of the soil of the island and its history, and
from the statements of persons who have investi-
gated the matter, as well as from statements of
those who have lived all their lifetimesin the vicin-
ity, that the declaration made by the gentleman
from New York is incorrect, and that League Isl-
and is nota " bank of mud;'5 thatitis not " made
soil of three or four hundred acres, which is gen-
erally overflowed and surrounded only by banks
of mud."
Mr. KELLEY. I yielded to my colleague for
the purpose of making a single statement, and not
for the purpose of making a speech.
Mr. LEHMAN. I beg my colleague's pardon.
I was carried away by the impulse of the moment,
and I readily yield the floor, well knowing that he
will fully explain this bill to the satisfaction of the
House.
M r. KELLEY. "We have now information fur-
nished by one or two men. The gentleman from
New York does not give us the name of the au-
thor of the letter to him, as the gentleman from
Delaware does. If the two letters were from the
same man, we have information from one citizen.
If they were notfrom the same, then we have it
from two persons, disinterested or otherwise. As
to the statements made by the correspondent of the
gentleman from Delaware, I can say, from personal
knowledge, of League Island, and from knowledge
gained in the progress of judicial investigations
connected with it, while I was a judge, that the
information communicated to him does not relate
to the island in question. His letter neither lo-
cates it properly nor describes it correctly. Itis
not above but at the junction of the two rivers. It
is not an island that is overflowed by the tide, but
is an island upon which (here is a number of build-
ings, and on which there is and has been for years
a residence of much elegance, which was occu-
pied so far back as 1834, by Charles Wharton,
Esq., from whom the title to the island passed to
the Pennsylvania Company for Granting Annui-
ties and Insurance upon Lives. I have spent many
a day on that island, and I know that it has four
hundred acres and more of high, dry, fast land.
1 speak from personal, intimate, long-continued
knowledge,and I say now, publicly, to my friend
from Delaware, as i did privately some days ago,
that the statements of the letter to which he refers
can have no relation whatever to the property in
question.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania a question.
Mr. KELLEY. I will yield first to my col-
league, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS. I wish merely to call the atten-
tion of the House to the difference in terms, be-
cause I do not think there is so much difference
between us in reality. The gentleman from Dela-
ware has a different idea from that which we of
Pennsylvania have in that State, where we have
rocks, hills, and things of that kind. He comes
from a State made up of land very much like this
island. I do not know whether u is much higher
above tide-water. His idea of fast land may have
originated in the alarm which took place m the
lower part of Delaware at the time that the Dela-
ware and Chesapeake canal was to be cut through
that State. The people objected to it for fear that it
would let the sea in and carry away the lower part
of Delaware, or forever prevent it from being con-
nected with the fast land ofthe not th. [Laughter.]
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I wish now to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether this
island, with which he is so familiar, and which he
has declared to be dry land, has not been dyked
within a very recent period in order to secure it
against overflow by the tide.
Mr. KELLEY. My recollection is that it was
originally fast land.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. My information is
totally at variance with that of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and my information has been de-
rived from other sources in addition to that which
has been stated by the gentleman from Delaware.
Mr.LEHMAN. I ask thegentleman from New
York, in order that I may possibly give him an
answer, to tell this House what he means by " fast
land c"
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I mean to refer to
land originally above the ebb and flow of the tide,
I wish to be understood by the House as stating,
on what I believe to be trustworthy information,
that no portion of this island was 01 iginally of that
charactcr; that it has been overflowed by the tide
up to a very recent period; and that, notwithstand-
ing it has been banked up, it would be impossible
to find a foundation for any massive or permanent
buildings wi thou t incurring a very heavy expense.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot give the geological
history of this island. I can go back some thirty-
odd years, when it was the gunning ground of
my boyhood, and saythatit was then high,dry,
and fast land, in the gentleman's acceptation of .
that term, and was covered with abundant crops
of grass with a handsome mansion and line out-
buildings upon it; that it is now suitable for
blocks of buildings for occupation by families—
comfortable, and i believe salubrious residences;
that it lies at the junction of the Schuylkill and
Delaware rivers, about equally distant from the
coal and iron of the Schuylkill and Lehigh re-
gions, which furnish supplies coal and iron of
such various qualities as cannot be got at so little
cost and with equal facility at any other point of
land within the broad limits of our country; that
itcontains six hundred acres of land,all of which
might be reclaimed by processes simpler and'less
expensive than those indicated by the gentleman
from New York, and would, even without this,
give us a larger naval depot than the world has
yet seen.
One ofthe difficulties the Navy Department is
suffering from, and one of the sourccs of heavy
expenditures of the Government, is a want of
wharfage. When the Navy was suddenly in-
creased, the Department required miles of wharf-
age, and it is paying thousands and tens of thou-
sands of dollars to private owners because it has
no wharves of its own to bring many vessels of
our expanded Navy to I
League Island, sir, is of such shape and extent,
and has such a depth of wateraround it, as would,
I am informed by the Navy Department, afford
several miles of wharfage and dockage. It has,
running between it and the main land, a stream
of, I think, less than fifty feet in width, making
t)io rear an admirable location for workshops, and
offering facilities which those who manage large
machine shops know well are to be derived from
such a body of fresh water.
I meet the allegation that this is marsh land and
is overflowed, with the fact that the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company, the affairs of which are man-
aged with as much sagacity as those of any cor-
poration in the country, was about making it—
and would have done so could the arrangement
have been effected—its great depot. There it was
that its directors proposed to erect those elevators
which arc to be the means of transferring from
car to shipthe grain itis now able to bring in bulk
from Chicago, Milwaukee,and other cities of the
Northwest.
It is said it will require an expenditure of two
million dollais or more. This is not correct. It
may not be generally known to the members of
the House that we have a navy-yard in Philadel-
phia containing, i believe, a little over fifteen acres
of land, with a narrow water front amounting to
but a few hundred feet; that the improvements of
the city have gone to and surrounded the navy-
yard, and extended many blocks beyond it to the
south; that the land in that yard, limited as it is
in extent, is now worth m the market of Phila-
delphia nearly or quite half a million dollars, and
that it would largely improve the commercial
facilities of Philadelphia if the streets obstructed
by it could be opened through it.
One motive prompting the city to make the mag-
nificent tender of this island, which cost her the
sum of $310,000 purchase money, is that she may
still remain a naval station, and have these streets,
which are needed for her legitimate business,
opened. She has in view her own interests, and
those of the great Stale of which she is the me-
tropolis, but beyond and above all, the interests
of our common country. The last few months
have demonstrated the changc which is to take
place in the charactcr of war vessels. Iron, coal,
steam, and skilled woikmen are the great needs
of the Governmental this time in connection with
the Navy. Philadelphia is a city of six hundred
thousand people; the largest manufacturing county
in the world, whether measured by the amount of
capita! involved in our machmeiy and manufac-
turing establishments, the number of people em-
ployed, or by the results they produce.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. As shown by the
United States census, oi that of the city?
