THE CONSKESSTONM, GLOBE.
TUB OFFICIAL PROCEEDING'S OF CONGEESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seyentii Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JULY 14, 1862.
New Series No.'205.
Mr. KELLEY. It is, by the facts of the ccnsus
tables of the United States, of Great Britain, and
of Continental Europe. The statistics of nations
prove it. London, be it remembered, lies in two
counties, and comparing the manufacturing le-
sults of either with those of Philadelphia, the ex-
cess is with her. I know that I speak the truth
when I tell you that Philadelphia is the greatest
manufacturing county in the world.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I am credibly in-
formed that the census taken by the United States
Government showsavery difierentstateof things
from that referred to by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. I am further assured that in making up
the summary of manufacturing statistics for the
city of Philadelphia for publication in the United
States ccnsus report, under the supervision of the
chief of the division of maaufacturos in the Cen-
sus Bureau, the official returns have been disre-
garded, and the returns of a census taken under
the direction of the municipal authorities of that
city used, differing in its aggregate from the offi-
cial returns some twenty-four million dollars.
Nor is this all: in correcting mistakes of the Uni-
ted States marshals, frequently occurring, where
the returns show an evident discrepancy in the
cost of production with the value of goods man-
ufactured at particular establishments, the prac-
tice has uniformly been, under the direction of
the same gentleman, to increase the value of the
goods produced to correspond with the cost of
production stated, if the establishment is in Penn-
sylvania; while the opposite course of leveling
down has been pursued if the establishment is in
New York.
Mr. JvELLEY. I will assure (he gentleman
tfiat the census was in error, then. There are Now
England men here who arc prompt to speak for
New England, but I venture to say that the lanes
and alleys of Philadelphia turn out annually as
many boots and shoes as Lynn and Haverhill to-
gether, or as any other two towns in Massachusetts
produce; that our manufactures of woolen, cotton
goods, and carpets, equal those of any town in
Massachusetts or Rhode Island. Philadelphia also
excels any city, town,orconnty, whose speciality
is the production of tools, machinery, cutlery, or
other products of iron, in that town's own spe-
ciality. And her book houses are the greatest m
the world,and the establishment now erecting by
her distinguished publisher, Joshua B. Lippin-
cott, Esq., will nearly equal the two largest book
establishments in the world.
Labor—skilled labor—and a steady supply of
such labor, is one of the wants of the Govei nment;
and the city of Philadelphia invites it to locate its
great depot there, where it may have the advant-
age of the genius, the experience, and the eoncen-
hation of labor which such a city offers. Shcm-
vites you to locate the depot—not by this bill to
locate it, but to inquire whether it may be well lo-
cated there—to locate the depot there, where, with
this abundant supply of skilled labor, it can get
coal—the softer anthracite from the Schuylkill and
the haul anthiacite from Lehigh—at leas cost for
transportation than at any other point. She also
asks you to remove your naval station from where
it is, above the hotseshoe, and where in winters
of extreme seventy and duration you are some-
times cut oil* from the use of it, to a point about
seven miles further down the river, where it has
never been known to be so frozen that vessels do
not pass freely; with a depth of water greater than
that of the hai bor of New Yoik—twenty-two feet
—with a haibor deeper theie than the harbor of
New York, at least at the shallowest point over
which the great commerce of that port has to
pass, and for the truth of this assertion I appeal
to scientific surveys. The depth of water at points
below this island ranges from twenty-two to fifty-
two feet, and there is^not a shoal over which there
is less than twenty-two feet of water flowing.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Plow did the Great
Eastern, drawing twenty-six feet, get into New
York hai bor, then ?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know, but I do know
that she waited for high tide for the trip, and I
205
do not know that she could have gone in at low
water.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If I understand the mat-
ter, the city proposes to give this land to the Gov-
ernment of the United States without considera-
tion.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And the United States has
the liberty to accept it or not?
Mr. KELLEY. Exactly.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And if she accepts it, she
still holds the present navy-yard?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
- Mr. WICKLIFFE. The Government is not
bound by any agreement in this bill, if I under-
stand it, to acccpt the donation.
Mr. KELLEY. Not at all.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then it is the best chance
fora bargain for the United States that I have seen
in this Congress, and I hope the House will pass
the bill.
Mr. KELLEY. Saying amen to what the gen-
tleman from Kentucky has said, I now call the
previous question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimont. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to mc for a moment.
Mr. KELLEY. I will do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have received
a communication from Philadelphia upon this-sub-
ject. I am not acquainted with the author, but he
refers me to any member of the delegation from
the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. BIDDLE. Name him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have exhib-
ited the signatme to members fiom Philadelphia,
and they arc little uncertain whethentisPenrose
or Perrotf. They know men of both those names;
but are not sure which it is.
Mr. BIDDLE. Thtm it is an anonymous com-
munication ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As it states
some .very interesting facts m regard to this mat-
ter, I ask to have it read at the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Philadelphia, June 23, 1863.
Sin- I take the hbPity ot adilrpx in<  joii upon the sub-
ject of the pioposeil location of the United States navv-
yaid at League Lland. I have been mioimed and I believe
League Island baa been wholly reclaimed fiom the river
Delaware, and is onlv prevented horn oveiilovv by huge
banks of stone and earth. It is surrounded, except upon
one side, by a maish, and for this cau?>e, as well a-> lioni in-
saluhiity, u has been unimproved and unocctrpied, except
as pasture land, at a modeiate rent, since its leclaination.
The last land is tromsix to eightfcer below high watei maik
at all points, and would eo-t over a million dollars to level
and fit for use as much as will be required foi the large pui-
poses projected.
If the object if- lo ercct founderies, the spongv nature of
the soil would make it impossible to get a piopei foundation
lor the buildings except at gioat co*>t, nor could a well of
sufficient depth be dug tor large caMfug^. It could not cost
1c>h than two or three million dollars m ship-house*, dry
docks-, and other structures now in the old yard, which
would have to be abandoned. Thus the gijt of the inland
would he dear, and r-till de.u if $2,000,000 were added to
the gift towards fitting it for u^e. Most of the ship-earpen-
teis employed in the y.ud now reside in and find employ-
ment in Kensington, neailv eight mile* distant from the
inland, where they would continue, as Government woilc
is not sullieienlly legulai oi remuneiative to mduee a per-
manent leinoval. The inland i* at lea?-t five miles from the
vupply stoics o! the city. The approaches aie as low as the
inland itself, and unlitloi budding purpose*, and fai distant
lioni hydrant*, gas, unproved stieets, police, and raihoads.
The "place has only to be visited and seen to demonstrate
its unfitness; and I would humbly suggest a vis,it by a com-
mittee of Congress I'oi the purpose, betoie so gieat an out-
lay is inclined oi promised, where pertoimance h impossi"
b!e. Tlu.re <ue nimoi objection*, which I will not uige. I
am as earnest as any Philadelphia!! in the doMie of the lo-
cation of a fjist-cia-s yaid, but it is my duty, impelled by
the same feelings winch you have, to state to v'ou.as a pah-
he man, n will cost at least/our million doUmsio lit L'j.ume
Kland loi the least ellieien'cy a* com pat ed with the pie&ent
yard. If you add foundciic-. S;c., that will be an additional
expens-e, which I will not undcitnke to estimate.
The present yard ma\ bo extended foi about two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, and piovtde all the giound ne-
cessary now and hereauei without disturbance or delay. I
am ready to give fuithci information Beuisj p<M*onallv un-
known to you, I refer you to any of the Philadelphia dele-
gation ol the House to be as^uied who I am
With high respect, JOSEPH N. PEIRSOLL.
Hon J. S. Morrill
The Clerk read the signature to the above " Jo-
seph N. Penrose "
Mr.-BIDDLE. I do not know an/ person of
the name ofPenno.
Mr. LEHMAN. I never heard of any.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is a mat-
ter that ought to be understood by the House be-
fore we are called upon to legislate upon it. Itis
clear that parties in Philadelphia have different
opinions on the subject. For myself, I know noth-
ing at all about it, but I am clearly of opinion that
now is not the proper time to incur airy large ex-
penditures for tne purpose of making new navy-
yards. I do not know but that the author of that
letter may be interested in the old navy-yard, so
as to prejudice or influence his judgment in behalf
of that yard. Itis possible that he may have
property there, and is merely maligning the gift
proposed to be made by the city of Philadelphia
to the Government from personal motives; but at
the present time, I am impressed with the idea,
that before we even accept of such a gift, itought
to be fully investigated by the Navy Department
or by a committee of this House, and that we
should not take any steps in relation to it of our
own motion.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know the writer of
that letter.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I know him, sir, from
information received from the gentleman's col-
league. [Mr. Verree.] His name is Peirsoll.
Mr. VEUREE. As the gentleman says he
knows him from information received from me, I
ask my colleague to yield to mc.
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. VERIIEE. The writer of that letter is
Joseph N. Peirsoll. I know him very well. The
gentleman from New York asked me, some weeks
ago, if I knew this Mr. Peirsoll, as he had received
a letter from him.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Where does he live.
Mr. VERIIEE. In Philadelphia.
Mr. WICKLIFFE* Has lie got any property
adjoining the navy-yard there, that he wants to
sell ?
Mi. VERREE. I will respond to that question
in a moment. I told the gentleman from New
York that I knew Mr. Peirsoll; that he was a very
respectable find honorable gentleman; that he holds
properly adjoining the navy-yard, and had writ-
ten me a number of letters urging me to advocate
the extension of the present navy-yard, and is
consequently opposed to League Island. That is
the whole secret of Mr. Prirsoll's letter; and 1 am
astonished that the gen tleman fiom New York and
the gentleman from Vermont can represent the in-
terests of that gentleman.
Mr. KELLEY. I was about to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that when the naval
appropiution bill was under consideration there
was an item in it of $128,000 for the purchase of
a strip of land adjoining the Philadelphia navy-
yard. Some of my colleagues were very much
surprised that I did not support that proposition.
I could not do it m good conscience. It was, in
my estimation, a job. When the land would have
been bought, our navy-yard would still have been
an inferior, second-class yard. At the rate at which
that ground would have been sold to the Govern-
ment, our present navy-yard must be worth, I
think, $1,500,000. I did not vote for it and the
amendment was lost. I did not raise my Voice in
its behalf. I do not know that I couid have changed
the result, but I do know that I did not endeavor
to do so, and that I discountenanced the proposi-
tion. Here is one of the men whose property is in
that little lot coming to give information winch I
pronounce deceptive and incorrect in its leading
i allegations. 1 renew the call for the previous
question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for an inquiry.
Mr. KELLEY. For an inquiry I will yield.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whethei any
action has been taken—I have heard of none—by
the Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania touch-
ing the title to this land that it is proposed to cede
to the Government* If there has been none, it
