3266
TEDS'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
docs seem to me that the action of Congress ia
premature in this matter, and that we had better
notdisposeof it now in the absence of information.
We cannot accept the land except after and upon
the cession by the State of Pennsylvania, at any
rate.
Mr. KIJLLI2Y. I thank the gentleman for his
inquiry. It enables me to state the history of this
projet. The Mayor of the city of Philadelphia,
Hon. Alexaftder Henry, heard that the Navy De-
partmenthad indicated League Island as the most
favorable point, upon the information then before
it^ for the location of a general naval depot, hav-
ing reference to the future exigencies of the De-
partment and country. Upon receiving that in-
formation,he visited Washington, and found that
it was well founded, and that the chairman of the
Naval Committee of the^ Senate was about intro-
ducing a measure having reference thereto. He
hastened home, and laid the matter before -the
Councils of Philadelphia, and they tender League
Island to the Government in response to the sug-
gestion of the Navy Department. The Legisla-
ture of the State has not, meanwhile, been in ses-
sion, butPennsylvamahas never failed to respond
to the call of the Union; and if the Government
shall say to Pennsylvania that the interests of the
country will bo subserved by her gran ting exclu-
sive jurisdiction over this island, it will be done
by the unanimous vote of her Legislature. To
doubt it, is to doubt the loyalty and patriotism of
the State. I will say, further, in answer to the
same question, that my impression is—and I find
that two of my colleagues, at least, entertain it—
that there was a general law passed by our Legis-
lature at its last session vesting the jurisdiction in
the Government over whatever lands it might re-
q\iire during this war, and giving the Government
the right to acquire it without further legislation.
■ Mr. EOSCOE CONKL1NG. With the per-
mission of the gentleman, I desire to ask him a
question. I understand the claim made by Penn-
sylvania to be that the Government is in need of
a site somewhere for a given purpose. I want to
inquire of him in this regard ifa commission is to
bo appointed with a view to examine, locate, or
report, is it not manifestly fair ami expedient that
that same commission shall be allowed to look at
nil this coast, anil at every site supposed to be
feasible, and to report in regard to all of them?
And, in the same connection, I want to inquire
whether we have not already passed a bill creat-
ing a commission to do the very thing'which I
now indicate, to wit, to examine League Island,
and all the oilier places, and report as to every one
their belief and the facts connected with it?
Mr. KELLEY. Not a bill having reference to
the purposes for which the Navy Department pro-
pose to occupy League Tslanil. I now yield to
my colleague, [Mr. Lehman.]
Mr. LEHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I think that the
House is fully aware of the merits of this site, and
I do not intend to trespass on the attention of the
House by giving any further details about it. If
the House is acquainted with the terms of the bill,
there can be no objection to it notwithstanding all
that has been said by the gentlemen who have ar-
gued against it, and notwithstanding all that has
been said by Mr. Peiraoll, atul other correspond-
ents. It does not. make a particle of difference to
Government or to Congress, whether this land is
fast land or made land, whether it is good for a
naval depot or whether it is perfectly worthless.
The city of Philadelphia has paid §310,000 for it,
and that is an evidence that it is nut worthless.
The city now offers to donate it to the Government
as a free gift. The Government is not bound to
accept it unless it pleases to do so; if it chooses to
say that it will not have land worth $310,000, it
can be thrown back on the hands of the city, and
there will be no complaint. There is no provision
in this bill compelling the Government to accept
it. It simply provides that the Secretary of the
Navy shall authorize a thorough examination and
survey of the premises by a competent board of
officers, who are not to determine whether it shall
be a naval depot or not, but simply, in the lan-
guage of the bill, to say whether the title to the
land should be accepted.
The acceptance of the island, according to the
provisions of this bill, does not involve the neces-
sity of making it a naval depot. On the contrary,
this board of commissioners is authorized to go to
New London, Connecticut, and examine the site
there,and to Narragansettbay—in Massachusetts,
I believe, according to the geography of a member
from the Bay State—to survey asite there. There
is nothing compelling the Government to accept
League Island, but it may accept it or any other
place, as it thinks proper. In regard to the expense,
I have to say, that the Government need not ex-
pend a single dollar upon it.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I wish to correct the state-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Nar-
ragansett bay is not in Massachusetts, but Rhode
Island.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It was in
Massachusetts, but it was stolen by Rhode Isl-
and.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope no one will undertake
to have anything taken away from Rhode Island.
Mr. LEHMAN. I made this statement upon
as good authority as that which gentlemen have
used against this bill—that is, on the authoiity of
some one whom I have heaid state so. If, after
the survey and examination of this island, it should
be decided by a board of competent oflic.eis that
it is a proper site for a naval depot, that will not
involve the expenditure of a single dollar of the
public money. The present site of the Philadel-
phia navy-yard is in the heart of the city, and an
appropriation of $110,000 was made this session
for the purchase of one hundred and fifty feet of
land adjoining that yard. What is to bo done
with this land ? It will have to be resold, and the
Government will derive the profit of it.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. Does the gentleman
say that that appropriation was made?
Mr. KELLEY. It was reported by the com-
mittee, and rejected by the House.
Mr. ALLENjof Ohio. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether,in theevent of
the Government accepting this title, it is bound in
any manner to improve the land either by building
a rmvy-yard or otherwise ?
Mr. LEHMAN. Not at all. The gentleman
can examine the bill for himself. I cannot see
what possible objection there is to it. We offer
yon land worth §310,000, with no conditions but
just, to look at it, and say Whether you will take it
or not. Objection is made thatGovernmentshould
not, take it, because it might choose hereafter to
make a naval depot there. Well, it cannot be made
a naval depot, nor can any money be expended
upon it, unless the Secretary of the Navy and a
board of officers recommend it, and unless Con-
gress shall afterwards choose to make an appro-
priation for that purpose.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. Does the gentleman
mean to assert that there is no condition to the
acceptance of that land?
Mr. LEHMAN. The gentleman from New
York knows very well thecondition. I assert there
is nothing in the bill which involves the necessity
of th'e Government accepting it on any condition
whatever; and, for the verification of this, I ask
anybody who can read,and who can understand
the plainest language, to look at this bill, and if
ho can find any conditions in it, it is more than 1
can discover.
Mr. 1JINGHAM. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Am I rightly
advised when I say that this land proposed "to be
given to the Government without charge, embraces
lour hundred acres?
Mr. LEHMAN. Yes, sir.
Mi. 311JNG1IAM. Ami rightly ad\ised that
the land now owned by the Government of the
United States in the city of Philadelphia, and oc-
cupied by the navy-yard, embraces thirty acres?
Mr. LEHMAN. No, sir.
, Mr. lilNGHAM. How much?
Mr. LEHMAN. Seventeen acres and three
quaiters.
Mr. DING-HAM. The inquiry which I wish
to make of the gentleman iu this connection is,
whether, in the event of the Government accept-
ing this island as a gift, as is proposed here, and
if'it is determined to transfer the navy-yard to the
island, the land now owned by the Government
in the city of Philadelphia cannot be brought into
the market, and sold for enough to enable the
Government to make of this island an impregna-
ble defense for the city of Philadelphia against
anything that floats on the sea?
Air. C&HMAN. I suppose the actual value of
the real estate at present used as a navy-yard in
Philadelphia is not less than $500,000. There isa
great deal of machinery now in use there which
could be removed to this other site. The value of
this property would produce a fund for the pur-
pose of improving the new site without calling ort
the public Treasury for the expenditure of a sin-
gle dollar. But all these considerations are irrele-
vant. The mere purpose of this bill is, to say
whether the Government has'your authority to
acccptthe title to this land or not.
Mr. KELLEY. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to withdraw it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
ENROLLED BELLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
lolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (Ii. R. No. 392) to establish certain post
roads;
An act (H. R. No. 399) for the quieting of cer-
tain land titles in the late disputed territory in the
State of Maine, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (PI. R. No. 98) authorizing the
Secretary of War to furnish extra clothing to sickj
wounded, and other soldiers;
An act (H. R. No. 554) relating to trust funds
of several Indian tribes invested by the Govern-
ment in certain State bonds, abstracted from the
custody of the late Secretary of the Interior; and
An act (H. H. No. 454) for the relief of the re-
gister of the land office at Yincennes, Indiana, and
for other purposes.
LEAGUE ISLAND—AGAIN.
The question was taken on the motion to refer
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 30, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Miosis. Arnold, Bufiinton, Claik, Clements,
FtodenekA. Conkling, Ko<eo<j Conkling,(Jormne,T)awes,
Duell,Ely, Fen ton, I-Vlier, Fiank,Gooch, Granger, t-laight,
France \V. Kolloeg, Justin S. Mornll, Odell, Olin, Pike,
Riddle, Shellahaigcr, John B. Steele, Francis Thomas,
Trowbridge, VVu!i, Waul, Washbunie, and Albert S.
White—HO.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh,William Allen, William J.Al-
len, Ancona, Ashley, Babbitt, Baily, Baxter, Biddie, Bing-
ham, Jacob B. Blah, Samuel S. Blair, Campbell, Ca^ey,
Cobb, Colfax, Covodc, Outtenden, Cutler, Davis, Duniap,
Dunn, Eliot, Fe^scnden, Fouke,Goodwin, Gridei, Gurley,
Ilale, Hall, Harding, Iloopei, Hutchins, Julian, Kelloy,
William Kellogg, Kenigan, Knapp, Law, Lazeai, Leary,
Lehman, Looims, Lovejoy, Low, McKnight, McPherson,
Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
I'. Mom ill, Morris, Nixon, Nugen, Patton, Pendleton, Tim-
othy G. Phelps Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Itice, John 11.
Kice.Edwatd (I. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sat gent, Sogar,
Sheiman, bhicl. William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strat-
ton, Kcnjamin F. Thomas, Tiain, Veneo, Wallace, YVal-
ton, Wiekhtie, Wilson, Window, Wood, and Worcester—
H3.
So the bill was not referred.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VERREE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.No.
423) making appiopilations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th June, 18G3,and for other
purposes; when the Speaker signed the same.
BAIs'K REPORT.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill to provide for printing the annual report
upon the banks of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
CONFISCATION.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am instructed by the committee of conference on'
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses to House
bill No. 471, to make the following report:
The committee of conference to whom the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, on the amendment of the Senate
to House bill No. '171, boing an act to confiscate the prop-
