2306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
slavery, even without any cross-examination of
witnesses against him. The statement of this
assumption shows the outrage which offends jus-
tice and common sense, and, I am happy to be-
lieve, the Constitution also, even if it be assumed
that anybody can be now treated as a slave in the
District of Columbia, # .
The much discussed clause of the Constitution
bearing on this question provides 46 that no person
held to service or labor in one State, under the laws
thereof, escaping into another, shall be discharged
from such service." it will be observed that this
is limited in its operation to an escape from one
State into another State. Nothing; is said of an
escape into Territories or into the District of Co-
lumbia. If it is made applicable cither to Terri-
tories or the District of Columbia, it is only by
inference and deduction, and not by virtue of any
express words.
But notwithstanding this omission in the Con-
stitution, the «ctof 1793, providing for the surren-
der of fugitives from service, was made applicable
to an escape into the Territories, and this ques-
tionable precedent was followed in the terrible act
- of 1850. But neither of these acts said anything
about the District of Columbia. While slavery
prevailed in this District, it was difficult to raise
any question with regard to the surrender of fu-
gitive slaves. But since freedom has happily be-
come the law here, the case is materially changed.
Slaves at last are beginning to have their rights.
And the question now arises whether, in the ab-
sence of express power in the Constitution, and
also in the absence of express words in any stat-
ute, commissioners can undertake to surrender
men into slavery. Even if there were express
words in the statute, we should be obliged to find
express words also in the Constitution, which is
the source of this power. But there are no words
applicable to this pretension, either in the statute
or Constitution. Sir, I have always understood
that in the interpretation of statutes, and espe-
cially of the Constitution, every woid was to be
interpreted in favor of life and liberty—infuvorem
vitas aclibertatis. Indeed, one of the received max-
ims of the common law says strongly, " cruel and
impious is that man who does not always incline
in favor of liberty." If these maxims aie not
entirely rejected, it will be impossible to find,
either m statute or Constitution, any power to
gratify the hunters who now throng this District
in quest of human prey. Clearly it is casus omis-
sus in our legislation, and also in the Constitution;
and no commissioners can undertake, in the plen-
itude of their petty power, to supply words which
do not appear in the statute or Constitution. It is
for them only to administer the law as it is, and
not to presume to make it, especially against free-
dom. They are not greater than the Constitution,
and they should know that human freedom, in
the estimation of every civilized jurisprudence, is
priceless.
Of course the question which I have now raised,
if I may employ the language of lawyers, is
proper for the courts. A court in Washington,
properly inspired, could not hesitate in its con-
clusion. It would deny any such offensive pre-
rogative unless it was sanctioned by clear and
positive words. In the absence of such words,
it would rejoice to set aside the whole pretension.
It would not hesitate or halt, but it would do it
gladly, generously, justly, and make a new pre-
cedent by which civilization should be advanced.
But this is too much to expect from the courts of
Washington, whose sense of justice has been en-
feebled by the atmosphere of slavery.
Let me add that this pretension is aggravated
by the fact that many of these hunters are notori-
ously disloyal. Sir, it is hard that our Consti-
tution should be violated,and men be hurried into
slavery at the trumpery process of such offensive
characters. I think the committee will find a
remedy.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very evident from the re-
murks of the Senator from JVIassachusetts that the
question he wants investigated by the committee
to whom he proposes to refer this resolution, isa
constitutional one—one gi owing out of the fugitive
slave law. Now, sir, the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia is not a congregation of law-
yers. Many of them certainly do not profess to
be lawyers—myself among the number. If such
be the purpose of the inquiry, it seems to me that
this resolution ought to be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It is a resolution that I
apprehend should fjroperlygo there,and one that
the District Committee certainly do not want to
have any charge of. I therefore move to amend
the resolution by directing the inquiry to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I accept the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts modifies his resolution.
Mr. POWELL. 1 ask that the resolution be
again read.
The Secretary read the resolution as modified,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on th« Judiciary ht  di-
rected to consider what legislation, if any, is needed to
protect persons of Atncan descent m Washington from
unconstitutional seizure as fugitive slaves, or from seizure
by di&loyal persons.
The resolution was agreed to.
ENIIOLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiiehidge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(H. R. No. 329) for the relief of John Goulding.
MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up bill No. 208.
Mr. WADE. Will it probably lead to any
debate ?
Mr. HOWARD. I think not
Mr. WADE. Then I will not oppose it, butl
want to call up the unfinished business of yester-
day's morning hour.
Mr. Howard's motion was agreed to; and the
bill (S. No. 208) making a donation of lands to
the States of Wisconsin and Michigan to aid them
in making a military road and telegraph line in
said States, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The original bill was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
who reported it with an amendment, to strike out
all after the cnacting clause and insert:
That for the purpose of aiding in the construction of a
military road fiom Foil VVilkuis. on Lake Superior, to the
Minnesota mine, !n way of nnuirhtmi. a ni thence by the
most piacticabio mate to the souther i houndaiy of Miehi
can, on the Menoinonec river, with a view to the extension
of the bame to Applehn, in VVi cousin, on the mo.-t piae- 5
tioablo mute, there be, and hoit by i*, cianrcd to tno State j
o: Michigan tluce ^ecuou^ of public Junk*. lying w tthin the
limits of\aid State.to each mile thcieof. to be selected lrom j
the unsold and un.ippiopnated land* not subject to pieemp- ,
tion, lynn? within six nitle< fioin the hue oi said load. a* it
may be located in said State: FioadeiU That the lands
hereby gianted shall be exclusively applied in the construc-
tion of taid road : And provided further, That any and all
lands heretofore reserved to the United States fiom the oper-
ation of this act by any act of Congress, or in any other
manner, by competent authority, for the puipose of aiding
in any object of internal impiovcment, oi tor any other put-
po^e whatever, be, and the same aie hereby, reseived to
the United States fiom the opeiation of this act, except so
far as it may be found necc-s-aiy to locate the loute ot said
miiitaiy road thiough such reserved land'?; in which ca-y
the right of way only shall hie granted, subject to the ap-
pi oval of the President ot the United Stated: Provided fur-
ther , That no Jaigor amount of public laud-> shall be resei ved
or granted in each county, loi the construction of the road
through the same, than tlnee factions* to the mile, unless
then served, unsuivejed, pieempted, sold, or otherwise
apprupi mted public land*, m any county, shall prevent the
leserv.uion or selection of the full amount of lands granted
for its constiuction through such countv; in which ea*e
the deficiency may be selected or icserved within the limits
of any other county through which the road may pa**.
Sec. 2. -And be it farther enacted, That the said lands
hereby granted to the said Stale shall be subject to the dis-
position of the Legislature thereof lor the puiposc afores-aid,
and no other; and the .said military road shall be and re-
main a public highway tor the use of the Government of the
United States, fiVe iiom toll oi other chaige upon the tin im-
portation of any noop-s. munitions of wai, supplies, mail*,
or property of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to .-aid State shall be dis-poaed of by said Slate only
in manner following, that is to say: thata quantity of land
not exceeding thuty sections for said road may be selected
within the limits aspre.-eubed by thisactupon the comple-
tion of each ten continuous miles of sard road ; and when
such selections shall be made, (in such manner as the State
may presetibe.) and the Governor of said State shall certify
to the Secretary of the Inteiioi the lands so selected, with
the fact of the completion of ten continuous miles ot «aid
road, he shall cause the lands so selected to be re*ei ved from
sale until the entiie completion of &a:d load, it completed
within the time prescribed by this net, when the title to
such lands reserved, or to which paid road may be entitled,
shall vest in and be confirmed to said State.
See. 4. And be it juitkei enacted, That unless said miii-
taiy i oad shall be completed within five years from the date
of the acceptance of tins giant by the State of Michigan, the
laud- grained by tin* act, the tuie whereof has not pa^ed.
shall revei t to tin? United States.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That paid military mad
shall be constructed not less than totty feet in width, with
a giade not less than sixteen feet wide, with such gradua-
tion aud bridging a* shall permit of its regular use as a wagon
road in all seasons of the year, and in such other special
manner as the State of Michigan may prescribe.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That a similar grant of
public land is hereby made to the State of Wisconsin to aid
in the construction of a military road from A pplcton, inlaid
State, northerly to the boundary line bctweenMichigan and
Wisconsin, to connect with the military road from Fort
VVilkins to said line, upon the terms and conditions in all
reacts a* are hereinbefore prescribed for the grant to the
State of Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out, in the fifth line of the first
section, the word " thence" and inserting " from
some point on this line of road in township fifty-
four north, of range thirty-six west;" so as to
read:
A military road from Fort Wllkins on Lake Superior to
the Minnesota mine, by way of Houghton, and from some
point on this line of road in township fifty-four north, of
range thirty-six west, by the most practicable route, to the
southern boundary of Michigan on the Menoinonee river.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not certain that this bill
ought to pass- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to speak to the amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to speak to the merits
of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us proceed to perfect the
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to make a general re-
mark in relation to the bill. It introduces a new
policy. I think Congress has never heretofore
made an appropriation of land to aid in the con-
struction of a wagon road. It comes from a new
committee also. I think the Senate has never be-
fore icferred bills granting lands to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. I think the reason this
bill was thus referred was that the agent who was
prosecuting it, after consulting with some of the
members of the Committee on Public Lands, as-
certained that they would scrutinize it very closely
before they would report it back to the Senate fa-
vorably. At least, I was consulted on the subject
by a gentleman who represented himself as the
agent of one or both of these States to prosecute
this matter. Being a member of the Committee
on Public Lands, 1 take no exception to these sub-
jects being referred to other committees; but it is
an unusual thins:, and it seems to me that it the
Senate has confidence in that committee it would
be better to refer this bill to them.
Several Senators. Make the motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I therefore move that the bill,
with the amendments, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that reference will not
take place. I beg to say that this bill was intro-
duced at an early period of the session 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion tocom-
mit takes precedence of the motion to amend, and
the motion of the Senator from Iowa is, therefore,
in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not object to it on the
score of order, but I hope the reference will not
be made. The bill was introduced originally as
eaily as the 19th of February last, and was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs at that
time, which was rather a critical time in reference
to the military condition of the country, and had
chiefly in view the makingof a road into the Lake
Superior region, to relieve the inhabitants there,
and to protect them against an anticipated inva-
! sion, for at that time we were all somewhat ap-
prehensive ofhavingdifficulties with Great Britain \
otheiwise undoubtedly this measure would have
been referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
to which it more properly belongs. Is was my
disposition then,and never will be, I trust, to treat
that committee with every possible courtesy and
respect; but as the Committee on Military Affairs
had the matter under consideration for a consider-
able length of time, and looked into it very caie-
fully,as I can assuie the gentleman fiom Iowa, I
trust this reference will not be made.
There is a great necessity for the construction
of just such a road as is contemplated in this bill.
It is necessary in reference to the defense of the
countryand the protection of the inhabitants there;
and also in reference to the necessities of com-
merce. I do not now intend to enter particularly
on the consideiation of those necessities further
than I have done. There is a short report accom-
panying the bill, and if it be in order, I ask the
Secretary to read it. It is only a page and a half
long, and it will state the nature of this bill.
