1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
Mr. BIDDLE. As a member of this House, I :
find myself appealed to by the newspapers and by-
some eloquent addresses that have been delivered
upon this floor, to sacrifice a personal privilege
which I am supposed to enjoy as a member of
Congi-oss. Now, sir, I would* gladly, at a period
of our national history so serious as this, make
any sacrifice which will have the effect to any ex-
tent to promote the public welfare; but I have not
been able to discover what my personal privilege
is in this matter, and do not want to make a show
of magnanimity by sacrificing the privilege of
somebody else while I appear to be sacrificing my
own. The reason may be that I have exercised
this privilege perhaps to a less extent than any
other member of the House, simply from the fact
that I have occupied a seat here-for a shorter pe-
riod. According to my experience, nearly all the
letters we receive, with the exception of the few
domestic letters that come here to gladden us in
our exile from our homes, are business letters—
letters of business, relating to our functions as
members of Congress. My own private business
is not transacted hero. Therefore, I have learned
to regard the franking privilege as the privilege of
my constituents. And it so happens that by this
morning's mail I am in the receipt of a note upon
this subject, and as some debate has taken place
on the other side of the House as to what the peo-
ple demand upon it, and the political opinions of
those who agitate it here, I will read a paragraph
from this note indicating the opinion of the writer
as one of the people:
(i I am glad to see tho way you voted In legard the abo-
lition of the frankmg puvilege. as I think tiieic should be
the fieest communication between Congiesbinen and their
constituents. If the Republicans are so anxious for re-
trenchment and refonn, lei them commence on the Army
and Navy con tt acts, and they can soon save enough to pay
for everything that is sentfiee to the people."
Such is the opinion of my correspondent. The
arguments urged for the abolition of the franking
privilege, from the abuses of the flanking privilege,
seem to me to be unfair. It is notafair argument
against the tiling itself to allege the palpable crim-
inal abuses to which it has been subjected, when
thflse abuses may be corrected and punished. If
too many books have been sent free of postage,
why not cut off the root of the evil by stopping
the printing of the books? Instead of attempting
to save a few cents in the way of postage in send-
ing the books, why not save many dollars in the
publishing of the books?
If counterfeiting be the abuse which it is sought
to correct, let a new penal enactment be passed
against it; but we can only correct it absolutely
by refusing to sign our names at all, for we are
exposed to the fraud of counterfeiting in a great
many of our business relations.
Therefore I say that, while I am in favor of cor-
recting so far as I can the abuses of the franking
privilege, I shall not now vote for cutting it off
entirely. So long as I believe it is a privilege of
the people, to winch they are attached, I do not
feel myself at libei ty to vote for its total abolition,
upon the assumption and with the air of making
some great sacrifice of my personal interest for the
public good.
Mr. COLFAX. I now demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, the previous
question having been sustained, and having the
right, as the member who reported the bill, to
close the discussion, I will endeavor to occupy
not more than five minutes. I heard the remarks
of the distinguished ex-Postmaster General from
Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe] very imperfectly
where I sit. One of his arguments which I did
hear, however, was this: that it would be impos-
sible for this bill to pass both branches of Con-
gress. I desiie to state to the gentleman that a
bill to abolish the franking privilege has fre-
quently passed the Senate, although such a bill
has never passed the House. At the last session
a bill passed the Senate for that purpose with only
two disscntingvotes,one given by Mr. Hemphill,
of Texas, a secessionist, and the other by Mr.
Wilkinson, a Senator from Minnesota. All the
other Senators voted for the passage of the bill.
This, then, is a sufficient answer to the gentle-
man's declaration that it is impossible to pass this
bill through both branches of Congress.
I differ with my friend from New York [Mr.
Pomeroy] in reference to the instructions which
he has moved. It leaves the franking privilege in
existence upon the tons upon tons of public doc-
uments on which we propose to charge a very
moderate postage, while it removes it from the
correspondence of members of Congress, much
lighter in weight. I believe that that would be
nearly as bad as the present system. The bill of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
will tend to repress the exccssivc printing of pub-
lic documents; for, sir, when we come to consider
the publication of a book we must also consider
whether the book is one of such value as to in-
duce the people to pay the postage on it, The
instructions, if adopted, would increase instead of
repressing the publication of enormous amounts
of public documents.
I am free to say to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] that if the House
does not prefer the details of the bill of the com-
mittee, I will go with him for the total and ladi-
cal abolition of the flanking privilege. The reason
why the committee reported the second and third
sections, was to remove the objection that is made
against the total abolition of the franking privi-
lege; and that objection was, that we provide no
way for the distribution of public documents
throughout the country. It was alleged that mem-
bers of Congress might not be wilting to prepay
the postage upon those documents, and hence we
prepared the third section for the benefit of the
public, and also as a revenue measure.
As to the second scction, which authorizes mem-
bers to send letters on the business of their con-
stituents without prepayment, leaving the recip-
ient to pay the postage, I think it would be wise.
Some members receive thirty letters a day. Would
it not be requiring too much, after asking a mem-
ber to travel around from Department to Depart-
ment, to insist upon his prepaying the postage
upon replies to all of those letters upon business
of his constituents? To insist upon that would
be to diminish the revenue, and also to diminish
the good that the member would do for his con-
stituents. There would be danger that members
might omit to transact much business sent to them
if they had to perform all this kind of labor, often
pay hack hire between the Departments, so dis-
tant as some of them are from others, and then,
after writing the result, to prepay the postage on
the letter.
With these remaiks I will add that I will vote
against the instructions of Messrs. Pomeroy and
Wickliffe, which continue the franking privi-
lege, and that if I find that a majority of the House
are in favor of a total abolition, with prepayment
added, as proposed by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkung,] I will waive the
details of the bill and go with him, although I think
that the committee's bill is the best for the country.
I know nearly all the friends of the frankingpriv-
llege will vote to strike out the second and third
sections, in the hope that-without them the bill
will fail. But if this succeeds, as it probably
will, I shall go for the total abolition of franking
contained in the first section, and which will then
require members to prepay all their letters and
public documents, whether sent voluntarily by
themselves or requested by constituents, and shall
press it vigorously to its passage on the ayes and
noes. Mv own preference, indeed, is for a total
abolition of the whole system, and thus to break
up this Song-slanding abuse under which the whole
people are taxed for the benefit of a part. The
committee's bill abolishes it utterly, but leaves
members as if the law of compulsory prepayment,
passed a few yenrs ago, did not apply to them; the
great bulk of their correspondence being on the
business of their hundreds of thousands of constit-
uents, and leaving them to prepay or not, as they
deem fitting. The proposition of Mr. Roscoe
Conkling also abolishes the system, but requires
us to prepay everything we send, letters, books,^
speeches, and all. Either will suit me, and if
the latter is adopted as an amendment, I shall
insist on its passage as earnestly as if it were my
own proposition. I am anxious that, for the first
time m our national history, the House of RfR"
resentatives shall now abrogate this class_ privi-
lege, which has so long existed, and which for
so-many years I have striven to abolish. And
with these remarks I close the discussion, and
thanking the House for its attention, ask for the
vote.
The several propositions before the House were
then read.
The question first recurred jipon Mr. Bing-
ham's amendment to Mr. Pomeroy's resolution
of instruction, as follows:
At the end of the first instruction Insert.*
Saving the privilege to publishers to send free of postage *
their newspapers and periodical?, and the bills and the re-
ceipts therefor, as now provided by law.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I propose to withdraw my
substitute at present, as gentlemen desire to take
a vote upon the proposition for the total abolition
of the franking privilege. I withdraw it with the
intention to offer it again.
The SPEAKER. The substitute can only be
withdrawn by unanimous consent.
Mr. WICKLIFEE, I am told that if I with-
draw my proposition now, that I cannot offer it
again. I therefore will not withdraw it.
The question was taken on Mr. Bingham's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr.Wickliffe's
substitute, as follows:
Resolved, That the bill be recommitted to the Committee
on the Post Ollice and Post Roads, with instructions to
modify the same, so that the franking privilege of members
of Congress and Delegates shall be exercised onlyduiing
the session of Congress and for twenty days after the ad-
journment. That all public officers authorized to frank
letteih or documents be restricted 111 the exeicise of it to
official and public business. The same resuiction to be im-
posed upon Senators, members of Congress,and Delegates.
A violation or abuse of the puvllege by members and Sen-
atois shall deprive them of the right to fiank.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand that twenty
days are not enough time, and I therefore ask
leave to substitute thirty days.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I demand the yeas and
nays on my proposition, by way of testing the
sense of the House on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily,
Biddle, France P. Blair, Jacob 13.131;ur,George fl Biowne,
William C. Uiown, Calvert, Clemens, Cobb, Conn ay
Corning, Cox, C«avens , Ciiltonden, Dawes, Dunlap. Ed-
waids, English, Feasenden, Fotike, Goodwin, Under.
IJaight, Hale, Hardin?, Johnson, Knapp, Law, Lazear.
Lehman, Logan, Malloiy, Mat-ton, Maynani, Meii/.ic*
Noell, Nugen, Odell, Peny, Itiohaidson, Robinson, Sher-
man, John tt. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Vallan-
digh.un, Vjbbard, Vooiiu.es, Wad-worth, Wallace, Albert
S White, WicklilFe, Wood, Woodruff, and Wiight—f>c>.
NAYS—Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, GoUh-mith F.
Bailey, Baxfi, Beaman,Bingham,Samuel S. Blah. Blake,
Buffi nton, Buruham, Campbell, Chambeilm, Clark, Col!ax,
Fnulciiek A. Conkling, Uos-coe Conk!uig, Cooper, Cii-fiekl,
Cutlet, Davis, Delano"DiVen, Duell, Dunn, Edgei ton. Eliot,
Fi-hei, I'lank, Giangei, Gutloy, IJanehett, Harrison, Hot-
mail, Hooper, iloiton, llutehiiib, Julian, Kelley, William
Kellogir, Kilimger, Lansing, Loomie, Lovejoy, McKean,
McKmght, McPbcison, Mitchell, Moo/bead, Anson I'.
Morrill, Jiistin S. Moniil, Mortis, Noble, Notion, Patton,
Pendleton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Portci,
Alexander II. Itice, Riddle, James S. llolluis, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sloan, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Fiancis Thomas, Tiimble, Trowbridge, Upton, Vandever,
Van Iloin, Van Valkenbntgh, Van W'yck, Verreo, Chailes
W. Walton. E. P Walton, Waid, Wasbbnrne, Wheeler,
Clukon A. White, Wilson, Wmdom, and Worcester—88.
So the .substitute was rejected.
During the call,
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Smith, was detained from the
House by sickness.
Mr. DELAIN'O stated that his colleague had
gone home because of illness.
Mr. COLFAX moved to dispense with the
reading of the list.
Mr. WICKLIFFE objected.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
The question recuned on Mr. Pomeroy's prop-
osition, as follows:
Resolved, That House bill No. 1G1, entitled " A billaboi-
i-hiug the frankingptmlege."bc leferredtotheCommittee
on the Po^t Oiliec and Poa Road  with instructions to re-
port a new bill embracing the following principles: First,
The abolition of the transmission of written or printed mat-
ter ftee bv mail in all cases other than that of printed matter
published by direction of cither bianch of Congress,for the
purpose ol bee di-sti ibution ; and <•?(.,ond, all such printed
matter, printed b\ either branch of Congress, to be stamped
public document, and to be tiansimssible tiee through the
mails upon being hanked by any member of either House
I; of Congress.
11 Mr. POMEROY demanded the yeasand nays,
j The yeas and nays were not ordered.
! Mr. CHAPMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the proposition of
