1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2307
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee o  Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was lefcned t ho bill (S.208) "making a donation of
laud-? to the: States of Wisconsin and Michigan to aid tiiem
in making a military road and telegraph line in said States,"
be? Iravcfto icpoit:
That th<*y have had said bill under consideration, and le-
port if back with an amendment by way of a substitute tor
the same, entitled "An act graining public lands to the
State-* of Michigan and Wisconsin to aid in the construc-
tion of a military road from Fort Wilkms, Michigan, to Ap-
pleton, Wisconsin."
The substitute contemplates the construction of a good
wagon toad from Foi t Wilkms near the lowest point 01 the
promontory noith of Kewenaw hay, Lake Superior,south-
we«-toily and southwaidlv to the Menoinonee uver, the
boundary line between Michigan and Wisconsin; and
!bonce to Applcton, in thelaitei fc?late, where theie N a iiiiJ-
ioad connection with Gicen Bay, Milwaukee, Chicago, &c.
This promontoiy is what is known as the copper legion
of Lake Superior, and the rich and productive copper mine-*
found there have been the principal attiaetion bv which
settleis have been induced to go there. It already contains a
population of about ten thousand, which is fast increasing.
The amount of capital now in activr; emplo\ menttbere 111
working the mines is estimated at many millions. Ihe
product actually shipped during the last year is estimated
atse\en thousand four hundred ton*>, worth ovei thice mil-
hoi^ of dollars. It is said, and it is believed with truth,
that these mines are now supplying more than one half the
coppei used in the United Slates.
The committee lefcr to the statement of Messrs. Dupoe,
Bcck & Saylcs, of Boston, which they annex, to show the
piouress and present state of this impoitant bianch of corn-
motce. .
Outing five, and sometimes six, months of the year this
section of country is inaccessible by boats or vessels, on
account of the ice and stormy weather. Its agricultma!
capacities are too feeble to supply the inhabitant?, who ate
loroed to depend for subsistence, almost wholly, upon the
supplies they procure from below dining the season of nav-
igation. Cutoff during the winterfrom the icstofthe woild,
and exposed to the danger* of sudden scarcity and other
calamities growing out of their isolated situation, they have
not, and have never had, even any mail facilities during
the winter, except such as .ire furnished by " dog-tram,"
or a single Indian or half-breed, charged sometimes with
mail mattei of great value.
In ca*c of hostilities with Great Britain, and a descent
upon tins important poition of oar lake eoa-t, there would
In' no means 01 atloidirig succor without a road such as the
lull contemplates, and tho-e invaluable depo-its ot copper
and other ores inmlu be lost to us. Tlu-> consideration, the
committee think,^ one deseivmg the peculiar attention ot
Con"re>s, as well as the necessity of aiFoiding the inhabi-
tants tin; moans of egress and ingicss tor the purpose of
facilitating their commercc an<l injuring theii safety.
The bill they submit appropuates nomoney, but only
grants to the States ot Michigan und \\ isconsin the land--
upon certain trusts and condition'*, so as to insuteihe build-
ing of the road befoie the title shall pa«* fiom the United
States; and is in analogy to the act of 1827, gianting^to
Ohio alteinute sections to enable her to conduct the Co-
lumbus and Sandusky road. (See United States Statutes
at Laigo, vol. 4, p. 24*2 )
The'eoimnittee will add that they have received the most
eneouiaging assuianees tioin persons representing the most
wcalihv and cllkiont mining companies engngod in that
dnti icf, that in ca*e the giant shall be made the toad shall
be completed within the live years limited by the bill.
The committee lecommend the pass. 
which they submit.
gc of the substitute
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to commit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HOWE. I bog to say a single word on
the motion to recommit. I had no agency in the
introduction or the original disposition of the bill.
I feel the most perfect assurance, however thai
no disrespect was intended to any committee of
the Senate, much less to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands,orthechanman nf that committee; and
so tar as I um individually concerned, or so far
as the State of Wisconsin is interested_ in u, 1
should have no soi t of hesitation m letting it be
committed to that committee. But it should be
borne in mind it is already very late in the session;
the measure is deemed of impol tance; and the early
adoption of the measure, if it is adopted at all,
will be important. We arc already getting into
the summer, and any further delay in considering
the measure here is just so much delay m execu-
ting the project. 1* should be very glad to have
the5Senate act upon the information furnished to
them by the Committee on Miluaiy Affairs; and
I cannot understand why it should not be quite
as reliable as that coming from any other com-
mittee. ,
Mr. llARLAN. I did not desire the remark I
made to be interpreted as it has been by the Senator
from Wisconsin and the Senator from Michigan.
1 did not suppose that any disrespect to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was intended; but I sup-
posed it had been referred inadvertently^unless
there had been a design on the part of the Senator
making that motion to a\oid an adverse repoit;
that the friends of the measure supposed an ad-
verse report might be made from the Committee
on PublicLands from the opinions that might have
been elicited privately. I think it is unusual to
refer business of this kind to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and that it would bo proper to
refer it to the Committee on Public Lands. I have
no doubt myself that the bill, as it now stands^ if
it were to become a law, would disappoint its
friends. I do not believe the States would rcceive I
a single foot of land under the bill as it now !
stands, if it were construed with technical strict-
ness. It reserves all lands subject to piecmption.
Then, of course, it would attach only to lands that
are not subject to pieemption. All lands in those
two States that have been surveyed are subject to
preemption. Then it would only attach to such
lands as have not been surveyed in those two
States, and on the contemplated line of this road.
I think it is probable it would not carry a single
foot of land. There arc other loose clauses in the
bill which I think, if it is the purpose of the Senate
to pass the bill, ought to be perfected, and they
can be peifected much better in committee than
they can in open Senate, and with less consump-
tion of time.
Mr. HOWARD. This bill does not appropri-
ate a dollar of money towards building the road m
question; so that it will be no draft on the T reas-
ury whatever. It simply appropriates lands by
granting the lands upon the route of the road to
ihe States through which the road is to pass; that
is, to the State of Michigan and the State of Wis-
consin; and lcaving-tt entirely to the Legislatures
of those States to carry out and execute the trust
according to the terms of the bill itself, whenever
those States shall accept the grant of land. It is in
analogy to the grant of lands heretofore made by
Congress for the construction of railroads in vari-
ous portions of the United States, and is very much
such an act as that which is icferied to in the ic-
port itself by which alternate sections of land were
granted to the State of Ohio for the purpose of con-
structing a wagon road, a common highway, be-
tween Columbus and Sandusky in the year 1^27.
And I beg to say in this connection that the Sen-
ator is entirely mistaken when he says that this
is not in accordance with the policy of the Gov-
ernment hitherto. There are numerous instances
in which Congress has granted lands either in
alternate sections or otherwise for the purpose of
constructing roads and tuinpikes in various poi-
tions of the western States, as well as canals and
railroads; so that it is in entire accordance with
the policy of the Government hitherto.
Again, as to the structure of the bill itself, cer-
tainly I claim no very great ciedit of paternity,
no very , ieat degiee of ingenuity in diaftmg the
substitute to this"bill; but I shalUvait with some
attention to sec m what respects it is so detective
and insufficient as the Senator seemed to regard
it. I hope he will be able to point out some par-
ticular defects in the structure of the bill, if there
be any, for certainly it ought to be amended ll it
is so defective and docs not transfer any title. In-
deed, sir, as a matter of fact, it does not at the
present time transfer any title; it will transfei no
title to the State of Michigan, or the State of Wis-
consin, until the giant has been formally accepted
by those States,"and until those States respect-
ively have surveyed and laid out the line of the
road which is to be constructed by means of the
lands that are gi anted. After that survey has been
made, the lands are to be designated upon the
maps of the suiveyor general, in the office of the
Commissioner of the Land Qflke, in this city; and
from the time of that designation they are to be
subjected to be disposed of to the Status as this
work shall progress fiom time to time. When i
the State shall iiave completed a certain number ,
I of miles i.f the road, ten miles for instance, it is 1
i to receive the title to a certain poition of these
j lands, but not till then. So that ill case the State j
1 shall fail to construct the road as requned by tins ,
i act, it will fail to ieceive any portion of the lands, [
! except such as it may have from time to time ,
! entitled itself to by finishing portions of the road.
I think it will be found that the bill is veiy strictly ;
and carefully guarded , and diawn in suoii <> way ,
! as absolutely to insure the construction ot tins
' very important road. . ;
i Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator permit mc to ,
ask hltn a question ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly. .
Mr.GRIMES. This bill is designated as com-
ing from the Military Committee.
Mr. HOWARD. Itis a military road, and so
called in the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any recommendation
from the War Department for the construction of
such a road as this?
Mr. HOWARD. No,sir; not to my knowledge.
Mr. CLA RK. Will the Sqnator permit me, as
he is on the Military Committee, to inquire of him
what military necessity the committee found for
it? In the reading of the report I observed that
it spoke of large capital being invested in the cop-
per region, and that when the lake is frozen over
they wanted this as an outlet for trade; but I did
liot observe any military necessity stated.
Mr. HOWARD. I will endeavor to satisfy the
Senator that there is a military necessity for the
construction of this road. If the Senator will look
upon the map of the Northwest he will discover
that there is such a sheet of water as is designated
Lake Superior, which is an internal sea, tolerably
well known to the scholars who are studying ge-
ography in this country, about six hundred miles
long, with an average width of from two hundred
to two hundred and fifty miles, and averaging
about six hundred feet in depth, navigable from
end to end, capable of floating the largest ship
that ever swam the sea, and dotted in various
arts upon its coast, whether north or south, with
bors and inlets, and everything that pertains
parts
liarbc - . „
to an inland sea. If he will look at the foot of
that map he will discover a stiait known as Sault
Sto. Marie. At that point there is a fall, some-
what noted in the early history of the Northwest,
it being one of the earliest setilements of the Jes-
uit fathers—very shortly after the settlement of
this part of the country, at any rate; and around
that fall is constructed what is known as the Sault
Ste. Marie ship canal, a work constructed under
the auspices of the Government of the United
States, between the years 1852 and 1855, costing
the Government in land, but not in money, some-
thing more than a million of dollars, Congress
having appropriated seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand acres for the purpose of constructing that
ship canal. By that canal, the navigation of the
lower lakes is connected with the navigation of
Lake Superior, and without the canal it of course
would be impossible for any vessel to pass from
the lower lakes into Lake Superior or from Lake
Superior into the lower lakes. This is a very im-
portant work, indeed one of the most important
wolks upon our extended line of frontier. But
the Senator is of course aware that during the
season of frost that canal is frozen up so that it is
entirely impossible to pass through it from one
lake to the other. Indeed, during that season of
the year the Lake Superior country is entirely
blockaded with frost.
Mr. CLARK. It has always been so, I believe.
It is not a recent phenomenon.
Mr. HOWARD. It is not a very recent fact;
possibly the Senator may have thought it recent;
but never mind about the recency of the fact; such
is the fact. Now, during the winter season it is
impossible for the settlers who have gone into the
upper peninsula, as we call it in Michigan, to find
any egiess from that region into the more civil-
ized and sunny region below, unless they wander
oft" through the woods by means ofsnow-shoes,and
occasionally a dog tram, spending from a fort-
night to twenty-five oi thirty days in passing out
of"ibis region down into Wisconsin or Michigan.
In case of wai, and in case we should happen to
lose the communication known as the ship canal
between the two lakes, it would be equally im-
possible for teem to get out of that part ol the
countiy, and get into Michigan or Wisconsin,
unle.-s they had some sort of road; and how, in
such a case as that, would it be possible to get
troops into that part of the country, or munitions
of war, or anything; of that kind.' Ihe canal
belli" seized and closed, there would be no com-
munication whatever between the waters below
and the wateis above, and theie would be no
means of getting into the country or out of the
country, either with troops or munitions of war,
i or without them, except by means of some such
: ,.0iul as this. ) 113 therefore, as it strikes me, per-
j fectly evident 'hat this is a militaiy necessity,
j Mr. CLAIlii. If the Senator will permit me
i one moment, 1 suppose the same military neces-
! sity that shuts in or shuts out our military prep-
! arations, shuts out the enemy also.
! Ml. HOWARD. No, sir; that does not follow.
