326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Mr. Pomeroy was rejected; only twenty-four
havinsr voted in the affirmative.
The question then recurred on Mr. Roscoe
Conkling's motion to strike out all after the first
section, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all persons now
entitled to the /ranking privilege are hereby authorized to
send ali mailable matter through the mails without ptepay-
ment of postage, the same having the name of the person
sending it written or stamped thereon, and upon all such
mailable matter the postage Mia)I be collected from the re-
cipient.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the postage on
such mailable matter bhall bo at the rates now fixed by law,
except that speeches aud seeds, stamped as such, may be
sent in envelopes, as now, at the rate of one cent, if not
exceeding two ounces m weight, aud one cent for every
additional two ounces or fraction thereof; and public doc-
ument?, printed l>y the order of Congress and stamped as
such, at two cents per pound or fraction of a pound. For
any distance exceeding two thousand nnle.n, double these
rates shall be charged and collected on punted matter thus
sent. Public documents, during the lece&s, may bo sent
from Washington to each member of Congiess at his iesi-
denoe, for distribution, without payment of postage ; but
when mailed by him, postage shall be collected on them
fiom the recipients, at the saineiates a if mailed at Wash-
ington city.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That all laws conflict-
ing with these provisions are repealed, so far as they con-
flict with this law.
Mr. ROSCOECONKLING demanded the yeas
and nays.
^ The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Mossr*. Aldrich, Alley, Aneona, Arnold, Ashley,
Babbitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey, liaker, Baxter, Bingham,
Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Geoige II. Browne, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Buffinton, Calveit, Chuk,Uobb, Ficdeiiek
A. Conkling, lloseoe Conkling, Coming, Cox, Cravens,
Cibfield, Ciittendcn, Cutler, Davis,Dawes, Delano, L)uell,
Edwaids, Eliot, English, Fessendcn, Fiank, Goodwin, Gri-
der, Guiley, Ilaigbt, Haruson, IJoIman, Iloopei, Iloiton,
Hutchinsj Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Wiliiain Kellogg,
Killmger,Knapp, Lazear, Lelnnnn, MeKean, Mcpherson,
Malloiy, Maraton, Menzies, .Mitchell, Anson P. Moitill,
Moui-s, Noble, Nocil, Nugen, Odell, Olin, Patton, Pendlo-
ton, Pony, Timothy G. Phelps, Pjkc, Pomeroy, Alcxandei
II. Kice, John 11. ttico, Riddle, Holnnson, Edwaid H. ttol-
liiii, Sargent, iScdgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sheiman,
Spauldmg, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiance Thomas, Upton, Valianchg-
ham, Vandover, Van Horn, Van Valkeribuigh, Van Wyck,
Vibbard, Vooihees, \Vad>worth, C'hailes XV. Walton,
\Vurd, Washbume, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Chilton A.
White, WickUtfc, Wilson, Wood, Woodiuff, Worcester,
and Wriglu—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Joseph Baily, Bcaman, Biddle,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, liurnham, Campbell, Chambeihn,
Clemens, Coilax, Conway, Coopei, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn,
Edgcrton, Fisher, Fouke, Gtangei, Hale, llanchett, John-
son, Julian, Lansing, Law, Logan, Loumis, Lovejoy, Mc-
ftnight, Maynard, Mooihcad, Justin S. Moirill, Norton,
Porter, Richard-son, Sloan, Tumble, Trowbridge, Wallace,
E. P. Walton, and Windom—12.^
So the motion was agreed to.
Daring the call,
Mr, LANSING stated that his colleague, Mr.
Franchot, had been called home by the death of
a near relative.
Mr. OLIN stated that Mr. Hickman was con-
fined to his room by sickness.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
The question recurred on the substitute pro-
£osed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
hjELL.l
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire, by unanimous
consent, to propose a substitute for the first sec-
tion.
Mr. COLFAX. I object. I want the House
to stand by the bill now, just as they have made it.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. I would like to have the
gentleman hear it read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say that
these irregular proceedings can only be had by
unanimous consent.
Mr. COLFAX. I object, as the House have
the bill now as they want it.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. I know the gentleman
will give way to hear the amendment read.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman objccts.
The substitute of Mr. Duell was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That all acts and parts of acts granting and conferring
upon any person oi persons whomsoever the light oi privi-
lege to receive or transmit through the mails ot the United i
States, free of postage, letters,packets, newspapeis, peuod- '<
ieais, book?, or any other mailable matter, printed or writ- 1
ten, be, and the same are hereby, abrogated and repealed.
Sec- And be it further cnactcd, That all letteis, pack-
tt?, newspapers, periodicals, public documents, and bookg,
printed by oider of either Hou^e of Congiess, and all other
mailable matter sent from oi diiected to any member of
either House of Congress, or to the Secretary of the Senate
or Clerk of the House of Representatives, shall be prepaid
before-their delivery at any post office for tiansmission in
the mails.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General, the Assistant Postmasters General, the chief clerk
of the Post Officc Department, the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department, and the chief clerk of the
said Auditor, be, and they are hereby, authorized to receive
and send tree in the maiis ail letters and (jackets and other
mailable matter relating exclusively to the business of the
Post Office Department; and they shall in every case in-
dorse every letter or package so to be sent free, over their
own signatures, the vvoids " official business." And the
several postmasters «hall he, and they arc hereby, author-
ized to send through the mail, free of postage, all letters and
packages which it shall be their duty to transmit, and which
shall relate exclusively to the business of the Post Office
Department; but m every case the postmaster sending any
such letter or package shall indoise thereon, over his own
signature, the words post office business." And for any
and every such indorsement falsely made the person making
the same shall forfeit and pay the sum of $500, to be recov-
eied by an action of debt, in the name of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That publishers ot news-
papers aud penodicais may send to each other, from their
rci-pcctive offices of publication, fiee of postage, one copy
of each publication ; and may also send to each actual sub-
scnber within the county where their papeis are printed
and published one copy thereof free of postage.
Sec. 5. And he it farther enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts legulaUng or iclating to the transmission of fiec
matter thiough the mails in conflict with this actare hereby
repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That this act shall take
cflect from and after the 1st day of Apul, 1862.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If this amendment, by
way of substitute, shall be adopted, then the
question will be upon the passage of the bill as
amended. Will it not?
The SPEAKER. If the substitute is adopted,
the question will be upon the engrossment and
third rending of the bill as amended.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the amend-
ment fail, then the vote will be square upon abol-
ishing the franking privilege ?
The SPEAKER". It will then be upon the en-
grossment and third reading of the original bill as
amended.
The question was put upon the substitute; and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rail the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Biddle, Francis P. Blair, Jacob
B. Blair, Clements, Cox, Crlslield, Davis, Dunlap, Fisher,
Fouke, Gi anger, Ilale, Harding, Johnson^ Kelley, William
Kellogg, Knapp, Law, Lazeai, Logan,Lovejoy, Mavnaid,
Menzies, Mooihcad, Pendleton, Richaidson, Robinson,
Edward IT. Iiollms, James R Rollins, Sheiman, Shicl,Ste-
vens, Vallanclighain, Vaudovcr, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Washbume. AlbcitS. White, Chilton A. White, WicklifFe,
Worce-tci, and Wnght—43.
NAYtf—Mews. AUhich. Alloy, Aneona, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, |)akcr,
Baxtei, Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,Geoige
II. Bkhvuc, William G Biown, Buffinton,Butnhnui, Cal-
veit, Campbell, Chauibeilin, Claik. Cobb, Colfax, Fietleriek
A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkhns, Conway, Cooper, Coining,
Ciavcns, Ci'ttteiulen. Cutlei* Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dunn,
Edgeiton. Edwards Eliot, English, Fessenden, Fiank,
Gri'der, Guiley, Ilaight, llanchett, Hairison, Ilolman,
Hooper, Hoiton, Hutchins, Julian, Fiancis W. Kellogg,
Kilhnger, Lansing, Lehman, Loomis, MeKean, MeKnight,
McPherson, Mitchell, Anton P. Morrill, Justin S. Mori ill,
Morris, Noble, Nocll, Norton, Nugen, Odell, Olin, Patton,
Perry, Timothy G. Phelps,Pike, Pomeioy, Portei, Alexan-
dei H. llicc, John II. Rice, Riddle, Saigent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Sloan. Spaulding, John B. Steele, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Trimble,Tiowbridge,
Upton, Van llom, Van Valkenburgh, Vibbard, Wallace,
Chailes W. Walton, E P. Walton, Waid, Wheeler, Wil-
son, Windom, Wood, and Woodiuff—103.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. DIVEN. Is it in order to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the substitute of the gen-
tleman from New York was not agreed to?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in ordei
without first reconsidering the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and also to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question ordercd'to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 107, nays 43; as follows:!
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Aneona, Arnold^ Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Baker,
Baxtei, Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Biair, Blake,Geoige
II. Biowne, William'G Biown, Buffinton, Bumham, Cal-
veit, Campbell, Chambeihn, Clark, Cobb, Colfax, Fied-
eiick A. Conklniff, Iloscoc Conkling, Conway, Corning,
Ciavens, Cutler, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwaid-*, Eliot, English, Fessenden, Fiank, Goodwin,
Gridei, Gmley, Ilaight, llanchett,' Harrison, Holman,
Hooper, Norton, Ilutchins, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg,
Killmger, Lansing, Lehman, Loonns, McKean, McKnight,
McPher&on, Mai&ton, Mitchell, Alison P. Morrill, Justin S.
Mori ill, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Odell, Olin, Patton,
Peny, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Poiter, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Sloan, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tiimble,
Trowbridge, Upton, Van Ilorn, Van Valkenburgh, Van
Wyck, Veiree, Vibbard, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E.
P. Walton, Waid, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, WicklifFe,
Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodruff, and Worcester—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Biddle, Francis P. Biair, Jacob
B. Blair, Clements Cox, Ciisfield, Divcn, Dunlap, Fishei,
Fouke, Granger, Hale, Ila'ding, Johnson, Kelley, William
Kellogg, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Logan, Lovejoy, Malloiy,
Maynaid, Menzies, Moorhead, Morris, Pendleton, Rich-
aulbon, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins, James S- Rollins,
Sherman, Sbiel, Stevens, Vallandigham, Vandever, Voor-
liees, Wadswoith, Washbume, Chilton A. White, and
Wright—42.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VERREE stated that Mr. Stratton was
absent on account of sickness.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Hickman
was detained at home by severe indisposition.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced the regular busi-
ness to be the call of committees for reports.
LONDON EXHIBITION.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the finishing the business which we entered
upon last evening.
The motion was agreed to. -
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wright in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 192) making an appropriation to
carry into effect the joint resolution approved 27th
of July, 1861, relative to the exhibition of the in-
dustry of all nations, at London, in the year 1862;
the pending question being the amendmentofferod
yesterday by Mr. Maynard; which was as fol-
io ws:
Htiikc out-all after the enacting clause, as follows i
That the sum of .^35,000, or &o much thereof as may be
requned, be, and the same is hcieby, appropriated, out of
any monej in the Tieasuty not otherwise appropriated, to
carry into effect the joint icsoliiuon of Congress, approved
the'27th of July, 18G1, lclative to the internationdl exhibi-
tion of the industry of all nations, at London, m the vcar
1832.
And insert as follows:
That the tollowing sums be, and the same are hereby,
appiopriated, out of any money in the Tieasury not other-
wise appiopriated, to defray certain expenses of the com-
mission and exhibitors to the exhibition of the industry of
all nations, at Jliondon, in the year 1S6Q:
For paying freight on articles intended for the London
exhibition in 1863, fiom New York to London and return,
by packet ships, and for chatges foi loading and unloading
at New York aud London, and on return of goods, $10,000,
oi so much theieot as may be lequued.
For salary and expenses of one commissioner, having
charge of the exhibition from the United States, from thy
1st ot A pnl to close of exhibition, the 1st of November, 1862,
Foi -m-JaiIcs and expenses of two additional commission-
ers and an agent, to artange the American division, §4,500.
Foi salaries of clerks, assistant#, and messengers, and
their expenses, $3,U()0.
For lent of officc in the pnlace, stationery, blank-hooka,
punting, postage, express chaiges, poitcrage, fixruies in the
palace, expenses m propaung and forwaidmg the antics
and receiving and delivering them on their ietuns,ami mis-
cellaneous expenses, 15,000, orsomuch thereof as may be
lequned.
Mr. MAYNARD. We are told that wlion the
lion gave a feast, all the animals made Imsio to
attend, except the fox. Her reasons for dccUnin"-
the invitation, I believe, have always been v°-
garded as quite satisfactory, i am'inclined to
think there is a great deal more in this bill than
the inconsiderable item of $35,000, more or less,
