1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
in which it now is, it is advisable at the present
time, in the present state of the Treasuiy, to ex-
pend the large sums of money that will be neces-
sary in older to finish the work on the outside of
the building. 1 do not think it is treating Gen-
eral Meigs exactly right to take it out of his hands
without "his consent and against his opinion; but
at the same time he is a public officer, and must
submit to any change that Congress orders in ref-
erence to the. matter. I understand that it is in
the power of the President now, if he pleases, to
change the superintendency without an act of
Congress from the War Department to any other
Department he chooses. In that, however, I may
be mistaken; but it is a question for Congress to
settle in reality. My own judgment is, that we
had better leave it where it is, and not make any
appropriation of more than is necessary to keep
the building in repair.
Mr. HALE. My attention has been called to
this matter, and I think the Senator from Maine
is a little mistaken in some of his historical state-
ments in regard to it. He says this is now and
was under military superintendence. The fact is
that when this addition to the Capitol was com-
menced—I think you were a member at the time,
sir; 1 was certainly—it was put under civil super-
intendence and so remained tluough the adminis-
tration of Mr. Fillmore. A Christian and civilized
plan of a room was designed, and the foundation
walls were laid for the whole work, on an estimate
of about two and a half millions of dollars; and it
was going on to perfection upon that plan, when
the administration of Franklin Pierce and Jeffer-
son Davis came in. Then the progress of the
building under civil superintendence was arrested;
the whole plan was changed, and instead ofgoing
on as the foundations were laid for a room for the
Senate which should have some light and air from
tne sides, it was altered to this trap in the middle
of the house. The expenditures wore more than
doubled; they have already spent more than twice
what was estimated to complete it under civil sa-
permtendency. It went on, and I think that the
most fastidious worshipers at the shrine of mili-
tary superintendence cannot but admit that a great
blunder was made when the alteration was made
from the first plan to that which we now have. It
went on and was progressing to completion when
this war broke out. Now, I know, as a matter of
fact, that the Committees on Public Buildings of
the House of Representatives and of the Senate,
the President of the United Slates concurring, all
were desirous that some progress should bo made
in the completion, I think, of the dome, and so ex-
pressed themselves in writing; but General Meigs
overruled it, refused to carry it out. Now, sir,
what is the state of this building to-day? Here
is a building that has cost twice and will cost three
timew what it would have cost if it had continued
under civil superintendence. We are leaving open
the upper part of the building, the roof, so that the
valuable and costly stucco in the various parts of
the building, which any of the Senators can see
who will take the trouble to go around, is actu-
ally being saturated with water and dropping.
The work of destruction has commenced, so that
these finely wrought walls are dropping to pieces
from the effect of rain, which comes m all over the
building. 1 suppose it is so left as a matter of
economy! If you go down into the basement, two
nr three stones below, wheie the light and air of
heaven never get, where there is no light except
gas-light, and no air but (hat which is pumped up,
during all this time, and at this moment while I
speak to you, Italian artists are employed,at an
extravagant compensation, making pictmes down
in the vaults and alleys of this Capitol, two or
three stories below daylight, while the walls are
left open and the progress of destruction is going
on and going on rapidly, and it will nut be long
before tins building will be comparatively a mass
of ruins, so far as all the ornamental woik on the
walls is concerned. This condition of things is
to go on simply that when General Meigs gets
through with this war, if ever he does, and gets
his leisure, he may then take hold and show us
what military superintendence can do in complet-
ing the building.
I have not had any communication with the
military department in reference to this question,
but I am told that the Secretary of War is per-
fectly willing that this change shall he made. I
have that from authority which satisfies my own
judgment, though I have it not in such an official
form that I can state it to the Senate. My own
conviction is, about which 1 have no mistake at
all, that Mr. Stanton is perfeetly willing that this
shall be done. I think that the public interests
require it; and I think if there is a single Senator,
not excepting the Senator from Maine, who will
take the trouble to go with the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, up
above these Chambers and through the aisles and
see what the weather is doing and has been doing
for more than a year to this building, he will be
convinced that this transfer ought to be made, and
that something ought to be done to cairy on the
work. It is a mistake to suppose that all that
the building wants is what the Commissioner of
Public Buildings can do. I think myself that the
propriety and fitness of the thing is that it should
be handed over to civil superintendence. I think
General Meigs has enough to do and will have
enough to do as long as he is at the head of the
quartermaster's department,without keeping this
little job in perspective for him that he can turn
his hands to, by way of amusement, when he is
through with the rebellion. I think the public,
interest on every consideiation requires that the
change recommended by the committee should be
made.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I must confess to
some surprise at the manifestation of any oppo-
1 sition to the passage of this resolution, and espe-
| cially from my honorable friend from Maine,
i The necessity of its passage is apparent and
; urgent. The new portions of this Capitol are suf-
! foitng daily an almost incalculable injuiy fiom
! exposure to the weather in their unfinished and
j unprotected condition. This is manifest to the
I ubserwition of any one who will take the pains to
i examine it. Six millions of dollars have been ex-
pended upon these new wings, or extensions, as
they are called. The work has been brought too
near completion and has cost too much money
to he allowed to remain any longer in its present
exposed condition.
These extensions ought now to be completed,
finished. As a mere question of economy they
ought to be finished. Nothing short of this, Mr.
President, will fully pi otect this building from the
injurious effects of the weather. The water from
e\ery ram that falls is continually running into
the intej lor of the building on every side of it, as
is admitted by the Senator from Maine; and let
me say to my honorable friend that this is not
owing, in any considerable degree, if at ail, to de-
fects and openings in the iron gutters around the
roof, as suggested by him, and which can be re-
paired under the direction of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings with a small appropriation for
that purpose. I would be glad if every Senator
could examine this point for himself, and then to
say whether this building can be pioperly pro-
tected and preset ved from the injurious influences
of the elements until it is carried to a more ad-
vanced state of completion. I would be willing to
Kubmit this question to the judgment of my honor-
able friend from Maine himself, and abide lus de-
cision upon it, on his personal examination of the
subject. J t is not a question for disputation that,
if you would ^ave and protcet this costly building
from continual and ineaIculable damage, this work
must be speedily le-mmed and corned forward to
the extent at least of completing the outer walls,
of placing the corniccs, of carrying up the facings
of the pediments, and of finishing the connections
of the corridors which connect the wings with the
center building, and to complete some other por- I
tions of the wings. But I will not enlarge upon '
a matter which is open and apparent to every
man's observation.
Now, then, if the Senate shall be of opinion
that this ought to be done; that this building ought i
to he so far completed as to protect itfrom this in- |
jury, they will adopt this resolution to transfer the j
i superintendency of the work from the War Depart- I
| ment, which has no time to look after it and to 1
| give it the necessary attention, to the Department
I of the Interior, where it was originally placed,
| and to winch it properly belongs, and from which
j it never ought to have been transferred,and never
would have been, but to gratify the personal pride
and ambition of Jefferson Davis; and was con-
tinued in the War Department only to gratify the
rapacity of John B. Floyd. Sir, I venture to as- j
serfcheie that the transfer of this work from a civil j
to a military superintendency has cost this Gov-
ernment, at least, from three to four millions of
dollars. Had it been continued under a civil su-
perintendency, as it was commenced, I hesitate
not to say that we should have had a better build-
ing, in better taste, and better adapted to the uses
and purposes for which it was designed, than we
now have, and at less than one half the cost, and
that it would have been completed, at least, five
years ago.
I have been here in the Senate, Mr. President,
as well as yourself, from the commencement of
this work, and profess to know something about
it, and of the manner in which it has been con-
ducted. The original estimate of the cost of these
extensions, upon the plan then approved and
adopted, was but$2,675,000. Pormitme to present
this point a little more in detail. The fiist appro-
priation for the Capitol extension was made in
September, 1850, in the following words:
" One hundred thousand dollars for the extension of the
United States Capitol, to be expended under the diieetiou
of the President, by such aiclutect as he may appoint."
Nothing was said about ever putting it under
the superintendency of the War Department. No
one at that time dreamed of placing it under such
a superintendency. In pursuance of this act, Mr.
Fillmore appointed Thomas U. Walter, of Phil-
adelphia, a gentleman of the highest eminence in
his profession, as the architect, and placed the
woik under the jurisdiction and geneial super-
vision of the Depaitmentof the Interior. Upon
the accession of Mi. Pierce to the Picsidency,
and the appointment of Jefferson Davis as Secre-
tary of War, the superintendency of this work
was immediately transferred fiom the Inierior De-
partment to the Department of War, and an of-
ficer of the Army was detailed to take it m charge.
Tins transfer was made on the 4th of April, 1853,
at which time all the foundations of the building
were completed, and a part, of the basement story
erected. Immediately after the transfer of the
woi k from the Interior Department 10 the Depai t-
ment of War, the Secietary of War, or the su-
perintendent, by his direction, ordered the archi-
tect to change the original plans of the building,
so as to remove the halls of Congress from the
western fronts to the center of the wings. This
nocessai ily involved the construction ofadditionai
foundations at vast expense, and of an indefinite
delay in the completion of the work. He also
ordered the introduction into the plans of four
grand stairways, to be constructed of fancy pol-
ished marble, and also the construction of a mar-
ble corridor, ex tending through the southern wing;
and other material and expensive changes were
ordered. So that it appeals, from an estimate sub-
mitted to Congiess in 1856, the total cost of the
building was estimated at $5,510,000, of which
$2,675,000 had then been appropriated, tequinng
•$2,835,000 still to be appropriated in order to com-
plete the work upon the changed plans—the mil-
itary plans, the Jefferson Davis plans. But instead
of this sum being sufficient, there have been ap-
propriated $3,006,000, or §771,000 more than this
estimate, and to which there must by added at
least §1,000,000 nioie,in oider to bring the work
to completion.
The architect's onginal estimate, made before
the work was commenced, and with the qualifi-
cation that it was not to be finished more expen-
sively than the old Capitol, was, as I have already
stated, $2,675,000. The new estimate under the
War Department, after the contracts had been
made and the work partly executed, was the sum
of $2,835,000 hi addition to the original estimates.
The appropriations already made exceed this sum
by $771,000, and adding §1,000,000 moie, which
Will be lequiied to bring the bildmg to completion,
its cost will exceed the estimate of the War De-
partment by $1,771,000, making the total cost of
the building when completed $7,5281,000 which is
an excess over the original estimate upon the plan
of the Department of the Interior of §4,605,000.
In making these computations, let me remai k that
I omit sums or fractions of less than $1,000, as
they do not materially afiect the result m the com-
putation of millions. There have been appropriated
for the Capitol extension, from time to time, the
following sums: September 30, 1850, as I have
already said, $100,000; April 4, 1«52, $500,000;
1853, $400,000; 1854, £600,000; 1855, $750,-000:
1856, $325,000; 1857, £750,000: 1858, $900,000;
1859, $750,000 at one time, and again, on the 3d
