THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Phelps. Pike, Porter, Potter,' Alexander H. Bice, John II.
Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Six'flabarger, Sherman, Stevens, Stratton, Trim-
ble, Titnvbridfre, Van Horn, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Wal-
ton, Waslibume, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, Win-
do n't, and Worcester—83.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, JBaiiy, Biddle, George H. Browne, Clements, Cobb,
Cox, Crisfield. Crittenden, Dunlap, Fonke, Granger, Gri-
der, Haight, Sail, Harding, Holman, Kerrigan, Knapp,
Law, JLazear, Lehman, Mallory,Menzies, Morris, Nugen,
Odeli, Pendleton,'James S. ltollins, Segar, Shiel, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Francis Thomas, Ward, Webster, Wieklifte, and Wood
—42.
So tlie report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Delano, had been called home by indisposition
in his family.
Mr. SHEFFIELD stated that lie was paired
on this question with Mr. Chamberlin, who
would have voted for the report, while he would
have voted against it.
Mr. STILES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Johnson, was absent from the House on account
of indisposition.
Mr. FOUKE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Robinson, who was necessarily absent from the
House, would have voted in the negative if he
were present.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. EHOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the committee of conference
was adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION ACT.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses on House hill No. 438, to grant pensions,
to submit a report for the adoption of the House.
I will explain, in a few words,.what has been the
"action of the committee of conference; and then I
will ask that the question shall at once be taken on
theadoption ofthereport. We have recommended
that the House shall reccdcfrom its disagreement
to the amendments of the Senate, with the excep-
tion of the eighteenth and nineteenth amendments.
It will bo recollected that the seventh and eighth
sections, which those amendments affected, pro-
vided for a, limitation of the charges to be road©
by pension agents for makingapphcation for back
pay, pensions, &c. The Senate, by its action, re-
moved that just restriction upon the compensation
of those agents; and the action of the committee
of conference, in recommending to the Senate to
recede from its amendments to those sections, will
be to leave the hill, in that respect, as it originally
from the House. There seemed to b« some
difficulty between the two Houses on that subject;
ana I do not think that the House can find fault
that the Senate lias receded from its amendments
Mr ROSCOE CONKLING. I SSi
then, that the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee of conference will leave in the bill the lim-
itation provided by the House on the compensa-
tion to be allowed these pension agents.
Mr. HOLMAN. That will he the precise ef-
lect of the adoption of the report, 1 now demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the report was adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
table motlou to reconsider be laid upon the
The latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes be-
tween the two Houses on the tariff bill, to sub-
mirni 0 ™p°rt wh,ici> 1 send to the Clerk's desk.
.Hie Clerk read the report, as follows:
* The committee of conference on the disagieeing votes of
£etwo Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. R. jtfo
5.U) increasing temporarily the duties on imports, and for
other purposes, having met, after full and free conference
nave agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their re-
spective Houses, as follows:
r®ce?e their disagreement to the
>5,1li £ ' fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, nineteenth,
twentieth,twenty-first, twenty-thin!, twenty-fourth twen^
ty-fifth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thiity-second,
thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-
seventh, thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, fortieth, forty-first, for-
ty-fourth, fortj'-fifth, forty-sixth, forty-seventh, forty-eighth,
forty-ninth, fiftieth, fifty-first, fifty-fifth, fifty-sixth, sixti-
eth, sixty-first, sixty-second, sixty-fourth, sixty-fifth, sixty-
eignth,sixty-ninth, seventieth, seventy-first, seventy-fourth,
seventy-fifth, seventy-sixth, seventy-seventh, seventy-
eighth, seventy-ninth, eighty-first, eighty-second, eighty-
fifth, eighty-sixth, eighty-ninth, ninety-second, ninety-
third, ninety-fourth, ninety-fifth, and ninety-sixth amend-
ments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their first, fifth, sixth, sev-
enth,eighth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth,
twenty-eighth, forty-third, fifty-third; fifty-fourth, fifty-
eighth, fitty-ninth, seventy-third, eightieth, eighty-tirird,
eighty-foiuth, and eighty-eighth amendments.
That the House recede ftom their disagreement to the
Senate's second amendment, and agree to the same, with
an amendment, as follows: in line nineteen, after the word
" three,"' insert "and one half." In line twenty, after the
word "all," insert" stove-dried or;" and m line twenty-
two, strike out " five" and inseit " four."
That the House recede from their disagreement to so much
of the ninth amendment of the Senate as is proposed to be
inserted, and agree to the bame with the following: strike
out the words proposed to be •substituted, and m line six-
teen of said clause strike outthe words "$i 50," and insert
"$'2 ;" and the Senate agree to the same so amended.
That the House rucedo from their disagieement to the
Senate's eighteenth amendment, and agree to the same with
an amendment, as follows: strikeout the words proposed to
be inserted, and inseit m lieu theieof, u Providedf That
wire covered with cntttm, silk, or other materials, shall pay
5 cents per pound in addition to the foregoing lates."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's twenty-second amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows : strike out the word
" and," before the word " fifty," in said amendment.
That the House iccede from their disagreement to the
Senate's twenty-sixth amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows : strike out " fifteen" and
insert " twentj'-hve."
That thp House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate'stweiity-severith amendment,and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: strike out " fourth," and
insert "half."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
forty-second amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with an amendment, as tollows: strike out the vvoid
"ten," and insert "five and in line sixty-three, strike
out " fifteen," and insert " eight."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the fif-
ty-second amendment of the Seriate^ and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: strike out«twenty," and
insert " thirty."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's fifty-seventh amendment, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: strike out all of lines
twenty-two and uventy-three of section seven, and insert
in lieu thereof tho following: "on white and red lead, diy
or ground in oil, 15 cents per one hundred pounds ; onoxyd
of zinc, dry or ground in oil, 25 cents per one hundred
pounds."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's sixty-third amendment, and agieeto the same with
an amendment, as follows: strike out the word " twenty"
in said amendment, and inseit " thirty."
That the House recede from their disagreement to much
ot the Senate's sixty-sixth amendment as proposes to strike
out the words " and twenty;" and in the same line stuke
out the word.-* " five cents and the Senate icccde from so
much of said amendment as proposes to inseit" seventy,"
and agree to the same so amended.
f hat the House recede fiom their disagreement to so much
of the Senate's sixty-seventh amendment as proposes to in-
sort the words "and on," and agree to the saifte* with the
following amendment: strike out the words" and on," pro-
posed to be inserted, in line eighty-three, after the word
* r0jgh^" insert and in the same strike out the
words or sawed." In line eighty-lour, strike out the
words « one dollar," and insert in heu tfiereof " seventy-
five cents." In ime eighty-six, after the word " rough "
insert "or;" and in the same line strike out the words "or
sawed." In line eighty-eight, alter the words « of marble,"
Insert marble slabs;" and inline eighty-nine, after the
word marble," insert " sawed," and the Senate agree to
the same so amended.
That the House re'eede from their disagreement to the
seventy-second amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following: after the word '-sheets," in line
""erne?" nUd twenty ot" section eight, insert the word
recede from their disagreement to so
™' tn ben{Uc'* eighty-seventh amendment as pro-
s>tuke out the woids "piovided that," in lines
L h li r,)?? twenty-three, of section seventeen, insert
fVnm thi \ uG0 \C ^°r(* " and and 10 strike
from the woid provided," in line thirty-eight, down to the
in the meLk 'ine' inclusive, and the^Seri-
^i Srh ^im-Sa"?S and l'ie Senate agree to recede from
insert fromti^rrt01f'lly."seventl' amendment as proposes to
woid 2• lulat> in toe fi^tl! line, down to the
elusive \nS lmL m one hundred and second line in-
n£ree, t0 transP0se all from the word
word «^nT,i aadrZd 5nd e(eventh Hne, down to the
^ve to Mm? L !fi!nfi j and tlurtfiemh ime, inclu-
dred and tLnth^inl S w?rd " re<3u,re>"j" tho one hun-
>««« i 'me > and after the word " sixty-three " in
ment "«& ®Jjeighteen,add the follow|ng amend-
"SnsMioiS1'' ■That tl,e Propis'io"8 of this
,a;'not apply to countries where there is no consul
Thnf .i°! h °r con)  ereialagentoftheUmtedStates,"and
i"1® S""r,e a®re810 t,le same s° modified.
mueii of life SUS fe°ede ?r°!? thoir dlsag>-eement to so
witi, an amendment, as fcllo^TI
the sixteenth line, insert "and;" and the Senate agree to
the same so modified.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
ninety-first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: strike out all of said ben-
ate amendment, and in heu thereof insert the following;
" that ail goods, wares, and merchandise which may be in
public stores or bonded warehouse on the Utday of August,
1862, may be withdrawn for consumption upon paymentof
the duties now imposed thereon by law: Provided,The same
shall be so withdrawn within three months of the date of
original importation, but all goods, wares, and merchandise
which shall remain in the public stores or bonded ware-
house for more than three months from the date of original
importation, if withdrawn for consumption, and all goods
on shipboard on the 1st day of August, 1882, shall be sub-
ject to the duties prescribed by this act."
That the House lecede from their disagreement to the
Senate's ninety-seventh amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment, a* follows: after the word " extend-
ed," in line three of said amendment, insert u under such
regulations as the Sectary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's ninety-eighth amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment. a« follows: strike outthe word "third,"
m line one of said amendment of the Senate, and insert
"filth."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's ninety-ninth amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: in line four of said Senate
amendment, stiike out the woid " all," and insert in Heu
thereof the words " so much;" strike out, in the same Hne,
the words " cxcept so much thereofand in lines five and
six strike out the words " a Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue," and insert in lieu thereof the words " collectors and
assessors." W. P. FESSENDEN,
J.-F. SIMMONS,
J. M. HOWARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
J. S. MOllRTLL,
E. B. WASUBURlfE,
Managers on the fart of the House.
Mr. WARD. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I will propound one
or two inteirogatories to him, in order that! may
correctly understand the effect of the action of the
committee of conference. The bill, as reported
from that committee, provides that allgoods.wares,
and merchandise shall remain in the bonded ware-
houses for the period allowed by the presentlaw;
that is,three months from the date of importation.
I ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means whetherany provision is made in re-
gard to the goods, wares, and merchandise which
may remain for three years under the existing
law for exportation.
Mr. STEVENS. The law has not been touched
on that subject at all.
Mr. WARD. Am I to understand, then, that
thegoodsnowdepositedin the bonded warehouses
for exportation will not be obliged to be taken out
within ninety days?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly they would not.
The bill expressly provides in reference to the
goods that are taken out lor home consumption.
Goods for exportation may remain in the bonded
warehouses for three years, as is the case under
the existing law.
Mr. ODELL. I nsk the chairman of the Com-
mitteeof Ways and Means whatprovision is made
for the goods in the bonded warehouses prior to
the law passed by Congress at its extra session ?
^J1'" ^e. have not t0«ched that.
Mr. ODELL. What is the effect on goods in
tne bonded warehouses for three years subject to
duties under the present law—under the law of
1861 r
Mi. STEVENS. "Ifthey are withdrawn within
three months they pay the old duties—that is, if
they are withdrawn for home consumption: and
it they are withdrawn for exportation within three
years they pay the old duties.
Mr ODELL. I do not know that the gentle-
Fer"nsy Van rl exactly understands the
point-which I made. It may be that I have not
stated it as clearly as I ought to have done. Goods
imported under the law of 1861 were entitled to
ematn in the bonded warehouses for three years
for exportation. The law of the extra session did
not affect the rate ofduty under which those goods
were to be taken out. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether the report of the committee
of conference will subject them to pay the new
duty, or leave them to pay the old dutv '
Mr. S f EVENS, "f he general provision is that
the goods in the bonded warehouses which shall
be removed within three months after they W
pafthp^H'H 't 1' f°r COIls«mption,shaH
pay the old duty; but that if they are removed
after that time, they shall be compelled to pay the
