1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2309
20. Confectioners shall pay ten dollars for each lieen&e.
Every penon who -soiU ai retail confectionery, sweetmeats,
comfit., ot other eonfects, in any building, thall be re-
garded ni a confectioner under this act. liut wholesale
and retail dtwleis having taken out a license therefor shall
not he lequued to take out a license as confectionei, any-
thing in tUis act to the contraiy notwithstanding.
The twenty-first paragraph was next read, as
follows:
21. Iloise dealers shall pay for each license the sum of
ten dollars. Any person whose business It is to buy and ?ell
hoises oi millet; ?hail bu rejraided as a horse dealer under
this act: Provided, That if such hoise dealer shall have
taken out a license as a livery stable keeper, no ncwlicense
shall be required.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike out this paragraph.
Mr, GRIMES. I am satisfied that that item
ought not to ho stricken out. I do not know any
reason why a man who pursues the business of
dealing in horses and mules should not be taxed
as well as a man who deals in confections, or who
deals in any other legitimate and proper business.
Everybody knows that there are gentlemen, for
instance, in the city of New York, who sell five
hundred or a thousand horses a year and make
large profits. The Senator from Ohio laughs,
but I happen to know something about this thing.
Mr. SHERMAN". My fiie^d will pardon me.
I will say that almost every man in Ohio is a
horse trader.
Mr. GRIMES. But not a professional horse
trader. The section that the committee propose
to strike out reads: " Any person whose business
it is to buy and sell horses." For instance, a man
buys up a drove of horses in the Senator's State
and takes them to New York: he can no more
sell them than he could sell a ship; he has to go to
some man whose legitimate business it is to trade
in horses, and he will find a market. Just so in
regard to the twenty-third item of this section; a
former in Ohio or iowa feeds twenty-five or one
hundred head of cattle and fattens them for the
maiket; he sells them to the drover at home, who
takes them to New York, or he takes them theie
himself, and when he gets to One Hundred and
Forty-fourth street he is obliged to employ a bro-
ker who sells these cattle to the men who slaughter
them and sell them in then* stalls. This bioker
is a go-between; no farmer and no cattle dealer
fioni the western country ever takes a drove of
cattle to New York without being obliged to em-
ploy a cattle broker, who is a go-between, be-
tween him and the men who slaughter the cattle
and retail them in the market. They have their
rules and they are enforced regularly in their
markets, and I suppose it is ho at the Brighton
and Cambiiilgf; nuukets m Boston, and in the
markets at Philadelphia and Balumote; but I do
not know how that is. I know it is so m New
Yoik. They have their rules and regulations as
strictly enforced in the cattle market in regard to
the purchase and saleof them,as they ha\e m the
commerce of any other of the legitimate branches
of trade ill that city. They sell upoW time, and
tins broker guaranties the sale to the person who
sells. 1 think the twenty-third paragraph ought
to be changed in its language; but this twenty-first
one, it seems to me, ought to stand. My only
fault with it is that the tax is not high enough.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter was talked of
in the Committee on Finance, and the reason this
item was proposed to be stricken out was that it
was so diiHcuit to define who could he called a
horse dealer. There are a number of persons, as
the Senator from Iowa states, in cities engagt d in
this business; but in the interior, and in the West
especially, there arc a great number of persons
who buy and sell hoises occasionally who do not
make it a business. Many farmers, at certain
seasons of the year, buy horses, feed them awhiie,
and then sell them lo other persons.
Air. GRIMES. That is their business.
Mr. SHERMAN. The language is, "any
person whose business it is to buv and sell horses
or mules " It is the business of very few per-
sons to buy and sell horses and mules alone; but
a great many farmeis are engaged m buying and
selling horses and mules. They do it sometimes
when they are engaged m oihei business, at cer-
tain seasons of the year. Are they embraced ? If
they are not, I should have no objection to this
section standing; but to extend it to al! persons
who deal in hoises and mules would extend it to
a great variety of persons who ought not to be
taxed. If the language of the amendment be so
framed as to make it apply to persons who make a
livelihood from this business, I have no objection;
but as the language is now framed, it may ex-
tend to ail the persons who buy and sell mules
and horses. The number of persons taxed by this
clause in Ohio, as 1 said, will be very great. A
very large number of farmers are in the habit of
buying horses, keeping them for a certain period
of time, and then selling them to dealers. It is
so with horses and mules; so with cattle. It is
moie difficult in reference to cattle brokers than
others, it wctuld embrace a large class of farmeis
that I think ought not to be taxed. It would be
better, I think, to omit it all. If you tax only
those who are engaged in the business for a live-
lihood in the cities, they are but very few. I be-
lieve we had a committee of horse dealers before
us from New York city, and we had the number
stated who were engaged in the large cities in this
business, and it was so small as To be insignifi-
cant if you confine it alone to those operators in
horses, and #e have taxed them in another way;
but if you extend it to the horse dealers and cattle
dealers such as I have described in the country,
you make it too numerous.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to remind the Senator
from Ohio, that if my recollection serves me, the
data that we obtained about the number of cattle
brokers and horse brokers in New York was fur-
nished us not by a committee of those fraternities,
but from the butchers of New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 did not mean to say that
it was a committee of horse dealers, but a com-
mittee of butchers. The words as they are con-
tained in the section are: "any person whose
business it is to buy and sell horses and mules
shall be i egarded a horse dealer." If that lan-
guage is construed to include persons, who buy
and sell mules as a matter of occasional business,
it would be too extensive, if it is confined only
to the few who are the horse brokeis in the cities,
they are very few , and it would be scarcely worth
while to tax them ten dollars apiece.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I hope the committee will
at all events ariange the section so that it shall
apply to such persons as sell horses to the Gov-
ernment for the use of the Army. I think they
can stand something of a tax.
Mi. GRIMES. The section as it originally
stood in the bill does not read " all persons who
buy and sell horses,1'its the Senator from Ohio
seems to suppose that it may be construed to
mean, but it says that ''all prisons whose busi-
ness it is to buy and sell hoises'" shall pay for a
license. I suppose it does not include the Sen-
ator, if he is a fanner and raises two oi thiee
horses a y< ar and selUs them, nor does the other
scction if ho raises a quantity of cattle on his own
farm and sells them to a broker or a dealer who
comes along; but there are gentlemen in his State
and in mine who go about also through the coun-
try and get up droves of horses. That is their
business; and why should not they be taxed?
They take them to New York: they have money
invested in this business; they make large profits;
I suppose they do, or else they would not embark
in the business*, why should not they be taxed
just as well as the man who has his capital em-
barked m any other business? The clause, as I
understand it, does not apply to farmers, and can-
not he made to apply to farmers. The twenty-
third para'jjragh in regard to cattle brokers I think
do< s need some amendment, but I cannot con-
ceive of any that is necessaiy to this twenty-first
item.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the committee, to strike
out the item.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secietaiy read the next two paragraphs,
as follows;
22. Livcrv stable keepers Mial! pay ten doMois for each
license. Am pei^on whose occupation oi business is to
keep horse- 1'u hue in to ],:i shall be regauied as a live*y
stable kcep'-r undei this art.
:21 C.iule lunket^-ti.ili pay foi each hcen-e the sum of
ten doll.ii-. Any peiaon who-e bu me=;s u is to buy and
sell ami deal in c.utle, hogs, and cheep, shall be considered
a- a cattle biokt i.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to sti ike out paragraph twenty-three.
The question was put; and it was declared that
the amendment was iejected.
Mr. SHERMAN, i did not understand the
question on cattle brokers. Did the Chair put the
question on agreeing to the amendment reported:
from the committee ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did.
The question was on striking nut the words, and
that amendment was disagreed to,
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not understand the
Chair to put the question in that way,and one or
two of us misunderstood the Chair. I desire to
have a vote on the question of cattle brokers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question again. The question is on theamend-
ment of the committee, which is to strike out the
words.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know a good deal about
this method of dealing in cattle, hogs, and sheep,
because I represent an agricultural State, where
a great many persons engagein this business; and
it is within my knowledge that farmers buy up
sheep and hogs and cattle, and keep them on their
farms until probably their own crop and other
crops in the neighborhood are exhausted, and.
then sell them. They would be clearly embraced
within the language of this section. They ai;e
cattle brokers within its definition, because they
buy from neighboring farmers, and feed the stock
on their own farms. „You would reach a class of
people who are very useful and beneficial to the
neighbor hood, and a great many people who ought
not to be taxed. I think, therefore, I shall insist
upon a vote on this proposition.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. "Whyshould
they riot be taxed ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather take the
tax off butchers.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 may as well here state
that I think the House of Representatives have
included a great many people in this schedule that
ought to be stricken out. This bill, if it was re-
duced to a few simple propositions, would be an
excellent tax bill; but 1 believe this whole feature
of taxing licenses has been extended further than
it ought to be. You tax almost every kind of em-
ployment, from a juggler up to a lawyer, if there
is any gradation between them; some people think
there is not. [Laughter.] This schedule taxes
almost every employment. I think it is an in-
vidious kind of tax, and I am opposed to thegreat
body of it. I would rather strike out the whole
section licensing employments. I believe that al-
most every employment honestly conducted is a
good one, and ought to be encouraged rather than
discouiaged—at least the great body of those em-
braced mi this bill. Among the most useful are
ihese cattle biokers and horse brokers. They are
sometimes half fanners, sometimes farmers, and
they are a kind of medium between the market
in the cities and the faimer in the interior. I
think theii occupation ought not to be taxed; it
ousht to be encouraged. It will be very difficult
to tell who is a cattle broker under this section;
and I fear that farmers of whom I have spoken
wioll be taxed just as much as a cattle broker in
New York, who sells probably one hundred thou-
sand head, whose business is very large, as is the
business of many of them. I think it is an un-
just and unreasonable tax.
Mr. GRIMES. I am one of that very class to
which the Senator alludes as being so numerous
m Ohio, and who, he thinks, under the operation
of this section, will be so injuriously affected; but
because I or any other gentleman who carries on
farming buy one hundred head of hogs in the fall
to fecd'on his corn, or twenty-five or fifty head of
cattle, is that my business? Certainly not.
Mr. HARRIS. It may be so construed by the
officers.
Mr. GRIMES. By this law? The language
is, " any person whose business it is to buy and
sell and'deal m cuttle, hogs, and sheep." I do not
understand that that is the business of my life. I
do not suppose that any one under God's canopy
would make any such decision. I did not sup-
pose so, certainly, until I heard two eminent law-
yers [Mr. Harris and Mr. Sherman] express
the contrary opinion.
Mi. SHERMAN. Say " whose sole business
is."
Mr. GRIMES. " Sole business "would make
it mean nothing.
Mr. SHERSlAN. The assessor would call
every man who bought a span of fine horses a
horse-dealer.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose that there is to be
a reasonable construction given to this law, and I
