3270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Fully do I indorse what one of our worthy Sen-
ators from Virginia [Mr. Wjlley] said in con-
vention of 1851:
" Our own glorious history amply vindicates the patriot-
ism of the masses wlio shed tlieir blood most freely in our
revolutionary struggle for independence. Whom did the
father of his country lead to victory ? Upon whom did he
rely in the £ dark days which tried men's souls ?' Was it
upon thoiijaveovvuor, the land owner, the man of merchan-
dise, the wealthy ? 1 will venture the assertion that seven
tenths of those noble men had no title to a foot of the soil
they enriched by their blood, shed in defense of it. And
when they shouldeied their knapsacks they carried on thoir
backs their entire st ock of goods and chattels. Yet we con-
fided in them. We placed in their keeping our lives and
fortunes and s>aci **<l honor, and w vvoic not betrayed. Why
the shouts of the victories oi Chepuhepoc and lhiena Vista
are still echoing in our mountains and floating across your
low lands? Who fougutthese hiiWant achievements? Our
landlords, our slave owners, or the wealthy proprietaries of
the country'} No, sir. No."
I would fill our hills ond valleys with a popu-
lation loving the Union, men of industry and en-
terprise; would give to our free and manly people
the control of their own legislation, and emanci-
pate them from (he thralidom of disloyal and
wasted Eastern Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, this is a question in which the
whole people of America have a deep inteiest. It
js the appeal of West Vhginia for equal rights,^
for the rights of the people against the rights of
money—mammon against liberty. Will the gen-
tlemen of this Congress, Democrats and Repub-
licans, discard the tried and well established doc-
trinc of the right of the majority to govern? Will
you not guaranty to us the enjoyment of this
right? Will you permit every vestige of liberty
to be swept away liom Virginia? Safety, quiet,
peace, and liberty can only be found in separation.
Will you compel us to continue a connection not
only repulsive to our feelings, but utterly repug-
nant to all the principles of free government?
Will you force us to be ruled over by an odious
and most offensive aristocracy ? to be dependent
serfs of our eastern lords? Will the Republican
and Democratic masses of the North sustain you
in compelling our free people to live in such gall-
ing degradation and bondage?
West Virginia is law-abiding. She has been
ardently attached to the good old Commonwealth.
When the east was in peril, western men flow to
the roacue and sacrificed even life itself in defend-
ing the border towns and cities from fire and sword,
and eastern property from pillage. The east in
the late secession movement has icpaid us by call-
ing a convention unsanctioned, without the con-
sent of a majority, usurping powers to our injury;
by pretended ordinances requiring us to separate
from and wage war against the Government of the
United States, and against the citizens of friendly
neighboring States; attempting to subvert the
Union of Washington and his copaiiiots, and to
transfer our allegiance to a rebellious confederacy,
and toplacej the whole military fore,<:and operations
of the Common wealth under the control of the ie-
belhous southern confederacy; instituting a reign
of terror to suppress the free expression of the
will of the peupkv, making elections a mockery
and a fraud; instituting war by seizing the prop-
erty of the Federal Government, organizing and
mobilizing armies to capture and destroy the capi-
tal of the nation; attempting to bring the allegiance
of the people of the United Stales into direct con-
flict with tiieir subordinate allegiance to the State.
The Western Virginians are, and always have
been, of the race of American pioneers—the con-
querors and cultivators of the wild regions of the
Now World—mountaineers by nature and demo-
crats, in the legitimate sense of the word, by in-
stinct. They belong to the advance guard of
modern civilization. In principle, policy, and
interest, they are of the progressive paity of
the American people. Everything in them and
mound then) and before them impel them to pro-
ceed, nothing that allows them to recede. • By this
difference of character and conditions, they are
morally and politically divorced from Eastern Vir-
ginia. A mountain chain divides us geographi-
cally; a gulf as broad as that between Abraham
and Dives lies between us m spirit, institutions,
and destiny. Sooner or later the virtual division
so long felt to be necessary, will and must be
acknowledged and established in fact.
In the State of Virginia, immediately before its
ordinance of secession, there were 490,887 slaves;
of these there were but 12,771 in West Virginia,
or one in thirty-nine of the whole number, while
its free population numbers 334,921, or closely
approaching one third. From such a.diversity of
interests as the difference in slave population, and
from such a preponderance of political power in the
State to sustain the system of work without wages
against the free labor of'the west, helped out, as
it has been, by the atrocious principle of slave-
property representation, it is easy to infer the ma-
lign influences that have retarded our progress in
everything necessary to our welfare. Our contri-
butions to public measures have notbeen paid back
to us in the internal improvements which our coun-
try demands; norm the free school system, to our
advancement in all that makes a people prosper-
ous and happy. The tide of emigration has been
turned away from a country tempting to the men
that are building up an empire in the Northwest
as "the sun visits in his wide career." Our
mountains full of minerals; our coal, marble, salt,
rock oil, are all held under the ban of a middle-
age policy of legislation. Our rivers are unim-
proved, and our valleys arc shut out of the mar-
kets that a happier government would long since
have opened to them. The mass of these mischiefs
is too great and too numerous for statement, as
the injury is beyond calculation. They may be
summed up in one generally compiehensive and
terribly significant fact. The State of Virginia,
larger than Pennsylvania and Maryland put to-
gether, as old as either, and naturally richcr than
both, advanced in free population but 156,063, or
twelve and a half per cent., in the .last ten years;
while Pennsylvania made an increase of 594,584
persons, equal to twenty-five and thiee quarteis
per ccnt., more than double the rate of growth
m that great pioduct which m a country like
ours is the sign and a proof of all other kinds of
progress.
Are we not right, Mr. Speaker, in crying out
with the apostle, " who shall deliver us from the
body of this death?" But we have already, by
our own act, thrown off the decaying and cor-
rupting carcass that so long cumbered and op-
pressed us, and we are now asking you to break
the slender thread of State unity that fictitiously
holds us together here in lepresentation and re-
sponsibility.
While the secession of Eastern Virginiaseemed
too monstrous to be possible, and while it stood
merely as a temporary triumph of political des-
peradoes over the sober and better judgment of
her real people, we who knew that the act of se-
cession was a falsehood of the convention, and
therefore believed that she could not be con-
strained into a mad and treasonable rebellion in
fact and deed, as well as in words, hoped thateie
this time she would return to loyalty; hut the his-
tory of the last year, and the attitude of her people
to-day, have opened our eyes. Instead of re-
pentance, they exhibit nothing less than the very
desperation of popular insanity. We no longer
hope for their return to the spirit of unity and
peace. Possibly we might forgive the bloodshed,
the robberies, the imprisonments, which they have
so ruthlessly inflicted upon us; but it is not pos-
sible for them to become worthy of such forgive-
ness, or capable of such foibeaiance. They first
made themselves our enemies, and now they have
made us theirs. Wo cannot again go, as a mi-
nority of the State, into their legislative councils;
we will not again endure their malignant domina-
tion. The constructive unity of the State of Vir-
ginia is a mere legal fiction; in common English,
it is not true of the present, and it is as clearly
impossible in the future. Wehave for more than
a year stood front to front at the point of the bay-
onet. We never can again stand side by side in
their halls of legislation. They cannot beat us
in the battle-field. We will not surrender to their
superior numerical force at the ballot-box. They
have never done us justice or shown us mercy in
either. We choose, if we must choose, that in
which we had the free use of our proper defenses;
and God be with the right.
We are constrained by the circumstances of this
wicked rebellion to cast our fortunes in with our
kindred of the free North and West. Give us
our State independence, and we will repay it with
such benefits as might well purchase a greater
boon. The Alleghany chains on our eastern and
southern borders are the natural boundaries for
our State line, that is to be eternal, whatever hap-
pens to the semi-tropical regions of the Gulf and
the eastern slope of the Alleghanies south of the
line that nature and civilization have dedicated to
democratic liberty and equality. Our streams
from their very fountain-heads flow into your
rivers, and ail the territory from the Alleghany
peaks to the great lakes, have one common inter-
est, and must forever be one united.people. Your
northern lakes are within our neighborhood. Our
interests are common, reciprocal, inseparable, and
we have proved our fraternity, political and moral,
by all that is difficult and dangerous in the sep-
aration of our political ties, and by the resolute
endurance of all the cruelties of a civil war within
our borders. The groans of our slain and im-
prisoned people, the flames of our burning dwell-
ings, the devastation of our farms and villages,
we offer in support of our claim; and finally we
urge the necessity of the measure as a sufficient
answer to all scruples that lawyers or politicians
can urge. There can be no constitutional objection.
The clause in the Federal Constitution which pro-
vides "that no new State shall be crected within
the jurisdiction of any other State without the con-
sent of the Legislative of the State concerned,and
of Congiess," is in all respects satisfied. Con-
gress has already recognized the restored govern-
ment of Virginia to be the true government of
Vng'mia. The Senators which the Wheeling Le-
gislative elected hold their seats as Senators of
Virginia. This same Legislature has by vote au-
thorized the formation of the new State, and it
now requires only the ratifying vote of Congress to
consummate the procedure in precise accordance
with the Constitution. If the body of that State
shall hereafter deem it hard that it was dismetn-
beied, it must be content to count it among infe-
licitous consequences, pamcidal madness.
The New or West Virginia stands and prom-
ises ever to stand within the rights and duties of a
member of the national compact. The Union rent
and shattered by fratricidal strife, whether restored
or divided, must be reconstructed. Why not in
the territorial limits of the States as well as m the
other conditions of the settlement where policy,
expediency, and necessity alike demand it?
We appeal to this Congress in the name of the
one hundred and twenty-five thousand of the white
majority of West Virginia, and of the whole pop-
ulation, for speedy relief. We appeal to your
.sense of honor and justice, to your appreciation
of the great principles of freedom and political
equality, to deliver us and let us enter-on a career
of honorable prosperity. We speak not the senti-
ments of an individual nor those of momentary
excitement. They are the sentiments of our en-
tire people, deep, fixed, heartfelt, unalterable sen-
timents, chciished for three quarters of a century,
and we feel assured that we shall not appeal in
vain to this House and the American people.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, (at
five o'clock and five minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE".
Saturday, July 12, 1863.
Prayer by thcChaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary proceeded to lead the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I see that the Journal -
is very long, I move that its reading be dispensed
with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be done
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are not in a condition
to do any business, and we might just as well have
the Journal read.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether it ought to
be dispensed with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No business can be done
with only half a dozen Senators present. If there
was a quorum here I would not insist upon it;
but we certainly arc notgoing to do business with
this number of Senators.
The PRESIDENT protempore. Objection being
made, the Secretary will proceed with the reading
of the Journal.
The Secretary continued the-reading for five
minutes, when he was again interrupted.
Mr. HALE. 1 move that the reading of the
Journal be suspended, for the purpose of allow-
ing me to make a motion which I think will be
acceptable, to go into executive session. I only
want the Senate to go into executive session for
a few minutes, because there are important nom-
