328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
gatioa could,pttrtfy, no quarantine could extinguish. The
Freemen of the Nqi th gave way, and the deadly venom of
slavery was infttsed Info tlie Constitution of freedom.5>
SosaidJohnQ,uiixcyAdams,andhepronounced
the bargain tlrbS' made by our fathers " morally
And politically vicious. This bargain is the
fountain of all our disasters. South Carolina and
Georgia loved slavery better than they loved the
Union, and hence our union witl\them has proved
ilf-matched, unnatural, and calamitous. The Con-
stitution received its life in concessions which sla-
very demanded as conditions of union, and slavery,
from that moment, has assumed to deal with the
Constitution as its master. The rebels to-day in
arms against the Government are the fit represent-
atives of the rebels whom our fathers sought in
vain to makeloyalby concessions in thebeginning.
I do not say that the founders of our Go vernment
are to be judged in the light of the terrible evils
which have been the offspring of their mistake. "VVe
must view their action from their own point of
vision, taking into the account their known opin-
ions, wishes, and expectations. They regarded
slavery with abhorrence. They would not allow
the word slave, slavery, or even servitude, to be
named in the Constitution. They believed the evil
to be in the course of speedy decay and death. They
forbid its introduction into all territory under na-
tional control. They took measures to cutoff the
foreign supply, the great artery of its life. Private
emancipations were rapidly going on in all the
States, under the influence of the Declaration of
Independence, and the struggle for their own lib-
erty. The concessions which they made, so em-
phatically condemned by Mr. Adams, must be
interpreted by these facts of history, which must
ever vindicate their good intentions, and separate
them from the compromisers of a later day. They
thought they were simply yielding to slavery a
transient sufferance, a brief hospitality, so that it
might die and pass away "decently and in order;"
and they did not dream that the evil thus abetted
would treacherously demand perpetuity, and bid
freedom toserveatitsblack altar. Itis not possible
to believe Unit their bargain with'slavery would
ever have been made, had they foreseen the curses
it has entailed upon the nation. Perfidiously
laying hold of concessions generously made in it's
favor in the beginning, and too liberally repeated
afterwards, and unwilling at length to share even
a divided empire with freedom, to whom it has
turned a deaf ear and an averted face,it has sys-
tematically trampled the Constitution under its
feet, in its ruthless march towards absolute do-
minion over these States. The first fatal conces-
sion to this rebel power prepared the way for a
second, and the history of Us relations to the Gov-
ernment is a history of persistent but unavailing
endeavors to placate its spirit, and make^it possible
for the nation to live with it in peace.
We gave it three large States, carved out of the
Territory cf Louisiana. The purchase of Florida
was in obedience to its demands, and so was the
prosecution of the Seminole and Florida wars.
We assisted in expelling the red man from seven
or eight States of the South, and forcing him into
slavery, at the cost of many millions to the Gov-
ernment, so that the white man could enter with
his peculiar institution, where otherwise it was for-
bidden. In order to " save the Union" and pro-
pitiate men who subordinated it to negro slavery,
we abandoned the early policy of the fathers in
1820. Jn the same spirif, we consented to add an
empire to slavery in the Southwest, in the annex-
ation of Texas. We united in the prosecution of
the Mexican war, well knowing that the exten-
sion of slavery was its object. Under the threat
of disunion in 1850, we abandoned the Wilmot
Proviso, and entered into a covenant that the Ter-
ritories of Utah and New Mexico should be re-
ceived into the Union, with or without slavery as
their people might determine; thus tempting the
South to apply this principle, which was done in
*1854, to the territory saved by the Missouri re-
striction; and by way "of good measure, we fur-
nished our rebel brethren with a fugitive slave act,
which they had not seriously demanded as a con-
dition of their loyalty. The Missouri compro-
mise, made to pacify slavery, was overthrown at
its bidding, by the help of northern votes, while
the Dred Scott decision was the work, in part, of
northern judges. Our hatred of the negro has
cropped out in black codes in the free States which
rival in villainy the worst features of the slave
laws of the South. We have allowed slavery to
expurgate our literature and mutilate the school-
books of our children, while even the grand in-
strumentalities of the Church—its Tract and Bible
and Missionary and Sunday School associations—
have submitted to its unhallowed surveillance.
We have consented to the suspension of the Con-
stitution in the free States, through the fugitive
slave act of 1850, so far as the rights of trial by
jury and habeas corpus are concerned; and in the
slave States, so far as the rights of locomotion and
free speech relate to our own citizens, whom we
meekly permit to be driven out by mobs, tarred
and feathered, or hung like criminals, without
cause. We have permitted both Houses of Con-
gress, the Executive and Judicial Departments of
the Government, the Army and Wavy, and our
Foreign Diplomacy, to be controlled by this rebel
interest, with the power all the while in our own
hands to have done otherwise. Sir, ithas ruled the
Republic from the beginning. To pet and please
it seems to have been the work of our lives, and
upon its rebel altar our public men, through long
years of devil-worship, have offered their sacri-
fices.
Nor has the Republican party, Mr. Chairman,
been wanting in tokens of forbearance towards
the slave interest. While emphatically avowing
an anti-slavery policy, to a certain extent, it has
been still more emphatic in disavowing any pur-
pose to go beyond its self-imposed limits. Nothing
could exceed the persistency, emphasis, and fervor
with which its editors, orators, and leaders have
disowned the intention to interfere with slavery
in the States of the South. They have protested,
perpetually, and with uplifted hands,against "ab-
olitionism," as if slavery had the stamp of divin-
ity upon its brow. Denials, disclaimers, depre-
cations, virtual apologies to slavery, have been
the order of the day with very many of our leaders;
and so perfectly have we undeistood the art of
prophesying smooth things, that multitudes have
joined our organization, less through its known
anti-slavery purpose, than the disavowal of any
such purpose by those whohave assumed to speak
in its name. Great forbearance, moderation, and
a studious deference to the' constitutional rights
of slavery, have uniformly marked the policy of
the Republican party, and would have prevented
this rebellion, had it been possible through the
spirit of conciliation. Its chosen President is a
cool, cautious politician, of conservative antece-
dents and most kindly disposition. No fact was
better known to the leaders of this rebellion than
that their constitutional rights were perfectly safe
in his hands. He so assured them, solemnly, in
his inaugural address. He declared himself in
favor of enforcing the fugitive slave act. He ex-
pressed his willingness to see the Constitution so
amended as to tic up the hands of the people, for-
ever, against the right to interfere with slavery in
the States of the South*, and this proposition to
incorporate the Lecompton constitution into the
Constitution of the United States was adopted by
both Houses of Congress, and submitted to them
by the peace congress of last winter, inaugurated
under Republican auspices, for the purpose of
settling our national troubles without a resort to
war. When all these friendly overtures were
defiantly spurned by the rebels, the President still
clung to the hope of rescuing them from their
madness. He still thought it his duty to strive
with them, through much forbearance, patient
waiting, cautious diplomacy, and fatherly solici-
tude. So systematically did he seem to go down
into the valley of humiliation, that some of his
own party friends, yielding to their impatience,
pronounced the first six weeks of his administra-
tion simply a continuation of the policy of his
predecessor. Every conceivable expedient was
resorted to, to preserve the public peace, and with
such ingenuity and steadfastness did the Execu-
tive pursue his policy in this direction, that the
rebels were at last obliged to fire upon Fort Sumter
for no better reason than the sending of provisions
to prevent our garrison from starvation, which he
kindly assured them was the sole purpose of the
expedition.
Sir, this rebellion is a bloody and frightful dem-
onstration of the fact that slavery and freedom
cannot dwell together in peace. The experiment
has been tried, thoroughly, perseveringly, and
with a patience which defied despair, and has cul-
minated in civil war. We have pursued the spirit
of conciliation to the very gates of death, and yet
the "irrepressible conflict"is upon us, and must
work out its needed lesson. I do not refer to our
uniform forbearance towards slavery as a virtue.
On the contrary, this has only maddened and em-
boldened its spirit, and hastened an event^hich
was simply a question of time. We, in th.e free
States, are not,wholly guiltless, but I charge to the
account of slavery that very timidity and lack of
manhood in the North through which ithas man-
aged to rule the nation. It has prepared itself for
its work of treason by feeding upon the virtue of
our public men and demoralizing the spirit of our
people. As an argument against slavery, this re-
bellion isabsolutely overwhelming. Nothingcould
possibly add to its irresistible force. Other argu-
ments, however convincing to men of reflection,
have not thus far been able to rouse the mass of our
people to any very earnest opposition to slavery
upon principle; but this argument must prevail
with every man who is not a rebel at heart. This
black conspiracy against the life of the Republic,
which has armed half a million of men in its work
of treason, piracy and murder—this magnificent
spectacle of total depravity made easy in real life,
is the crowning flower and fruit of our partner-
ship with the (i sum of all villainies." All the
crimes and horrors of this struggle for national
existence cry out against it, and demand its utter
political damnation. In the fires of the revolution
which it has kindled, it has painted its own char-
acter with a pencil dipped in hell. The lives sac-
rificed in the war it has waged, the agonies of the
battle-field, the bodies and limbs mangled and
maimed for life, the widows and orphans made
to mourn, the moral ravages of war, the waste of
property, the burning of bridges, the robbery of
forts, arsenals, navy-yards, and mints, the pub- '
licsanction and practice of piracy, and the im-
minent peril to which the cause of free govern-
ment throughout the world is subjected, all write
their deep brand upon slavery as a Christless out-
law, and plead with us to smite it in the name of
God.
Can I be mistaken, Mr. Chairman, in holding
slaveryto this fearful reckoning? If so, why has
there been no rebellion in any non-slaveholding
State ? Why is it, that in the great centers of sla-
very treason is most rampant, while, as we recede
into regions in which the slaves are few and scat-
tered, as in Western Virginia, Delaware, and
other border States, we find the people loyally dis-
posed towards the Union ? These facts admit of
but one explanation. Kindred to them is the known
character of the men who are conducting this re-
bellion. They tell us, as Vice President Stephens
has done, that slavery is to be the corner-stone of
the southern confederacy. Its leaders and their
associates denounce Jefferson as a sophist, and
the Declaration of Independence as " Red-Repub-
lican doctrine." They speak of the laboring
millions of the free States as the " mud-sills of
society," as a "pauper banditti," as "greasy
mechanics and filthy operatives." Theydeclarc
that "slavery, black or white, is right and ne-
cessary;"and this doctrine has been advocated by
the southern pulpit, and by the leading newspa-
pers of Charleston, Richmond, and New Orleans.
They believe with Calhoun, that slavery is " the
most safe and stable basis for free institutions
intheworld." They agree with Governor Ham-
mond, that "slavery supersedes the necessity
of an order of nobility, and the other appendages
of a hereditary system of government. They
teach that " capital should own labor," and that
" some men are born with saddles on their backs,
and others booted and spurred to ride them by
the grace of God." In the language of a distin-
guished rebel Senator, they " would spread the
blessings of slavery, like the religion of our di-
vine Master, to the uttermost ends of the earth."
By these atrocious sentiments they are animated
in their revolt against the Government. Sir, does
any man doubt that, should the rebels triumph
over us, they will establish slavery in every free
State? Was not the immediate cause of the re-
volt their inability to diffuse this curse under the
Constitution ? They do not disguise the fact that
they are fighting for slavery. They tender us
that special issue, and have staked the existence
of their idol upon the success of their arms against
us. If we meet them at all, we necessarily meet
them on the issue they tender. If we fight at all>
we must fight slavery as the grand rebel.
