2310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
have not any idea that it is intended to apply to
anybody except professional men, for this busi-
ness of buying up cattle and hogs is just as much
a profession as the profession of t!ie law is, when
a man once embarks in it, and I c mnot conceive
of any eartlily reason why a man who embarks
his capital in this business shall not be compelled
to pay a tax as well as the man who embarks in
any other, whether he lives in Ohio, or Iowa, or
New York.
Mr. HOWE. I apprehend that we either ought
to strike out both these clauses, or we ought to
change the definition in both very much, for, as
these professions are defined in these clauses, per-
haps a license cannot be collected of the very class
of men who ough't to pay it, if any class ought,
and from whom the Senator from Iowa means to
get it. In the city of New York I believe it was
said there wore four cattle brokers 
Mr. GRIMES. Four?
Mr. HOWE. Four.
Mr. GRIMES. I can name fifty who meet at
Allerton's every Wednesday.
Mr. PIOWE. The number was stated to us,
and it was a very small number.
Mr. GRIMES. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance says four hundred.
Mr. HOWE. I remember very distinctly that
one reason which induced the committee to strike
out the clause was, that the number was so insig-
nificant that the revenue would be very small.
Mr. GRIMES. You mean the horse market.
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps so; but I wish to call
the attention of the Senate 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The explanation given
was that there was something rather indefinite in
regard to it. The butchcrs were explaining it to
us. They said that many men carried on the trade
of butchering in a small way, kept a corner shop,
&.c.; so that it might be difficult to get the whole
numb A* actually engaged in the business. It would
be very easy to collect it as to those who met at
Bull's Head, but it might be difficult in other parts
of the city, where the business was done in a dif-
ferent way; and they thought it might operate
unequally. That was the argument.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Maine and
myself are referring to diifetent matters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be so.
Mr. HOWE. That wjs the representation
made to the committee with reference to the mode
of collecting the tax on slaughtered beef, not in
reference to those licenses; but as I understand
the business of a cattle or a horse broker in Now
York, or in Cincinnati, or in Chicago, it is not to
buy and sell the stock. They do sometimes buy
cattle and sell those they buy, but the great bulk
of the cattle and horses they sell are made up of
animals left with them for the purpose of sale.
They are mere brokers, selling the property of
other people left with them for that purpose, keep-
ing stables and yards, and they do not come with-
in this definition at all. I suppose we cannot
say of a cattle or horse broker in New York, or
any of the large cities, that it is his business to
buy and sell these articles, because the bulk of
their business is selling animals which they do
not buy; and the revenue, therefore, whether it
be much or little, derived from this source would
be derived fiom that class of men of whom the
Senator fi om Ohio has been speaking—a class of
men on whom it ought not to be imposed. 1 think
it would not be imposed on these piofessional
gentlemen in the cities under this clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was a difierence
of opinion ill committee upon the subject, and as
it has come up here for d< bate, 1 suppose it is
proper for members of the committee to express
their own opinions in relation to it. I cannot see
anything in the argument of the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio on this point. It seems to be made
with reference particularly to his own constitu-
ents. If we all make the same points, because
some of our constituents will have to pay taxes,
we shall not get any tax bill at all. Koiv, grant-
ing the whole extent of his argument, suppose a
farmer is able and rich enough to deal largely in
cattle, m addition to the ordinary business of his
farm, and suppose lie buys and sells cattle to a
large extent, to such an extent beyond his own
use that he gets to be considered a cattle dealer
or hoise aealei, I should like to know what injus-
tice is done by making him pay a small fee lord,
license, ihere is no class of men in the com-
munity who escape so easily under this bill as;the
farmers, and there is no class of men m the coun-
try who, as a general rule, are so independentand
so well able to pay as the farmers. Take the in-
come tax as an illustration. Some very large
farmers cannot avoid It, to be sure; but, as a gen-
eral rule, it will be almost impossible to enforce
the income tax to any extenton farmers, because
although they have an income, they eat it up from
day to day. We are obliged to pay tax on our
salaries and our income of any other description,
and we pay it on the gross income, and are not
permitted to take out the expenses of living. But
a farmer as he goes along supports his family out
of the produce of his farm from day to day, and
regards as his income only the surplus, that which
he sells and puts in the shape of money. There-
fore, as I say, under this bill the farmer must in-
evitably be the best off, and he will escape easier
than others, though, as a general rule, he is abler
to pay, and more independent than nrw other class
of men in the community. As I said before, if
in addition to the ordinary income of his farm,
he is able to be a dealer in horses and cattle large-
ly, so as to make it a marked thing, I do not see
any injustice to him in regarding him as a cattle
or horse dealer, if that construction should be put
on the act.
Another argument which myfriend uses is that
they are an exceedingly useful class of the com-
munity. Arc we not taxing all sorts of useful
classes in the community? Are not manufactur-
ers a useful class of the community? Are not
doctors? Are not lawyers? Are not other peo-
ple? Will myfriend say that a lawyer or a doc-
tor or anybody else who is taxed by this bill is
of no sort of use ? I do not know why this con-
tinual cry should be made about this class of men
who escape so much easier than others. We arc
laying burdens on all classes. There is no use
in attempting to dodge that. We are not doing
a hght thing. We arc not passing a law to ac-
commodate men and put money in their pockets.
We are passing a law which is to press on the
different interests of the community: and there is
no interest so able to pay, and I believe none so
willing to pay, as the farmers of the country.
This little tax often dollars will not oppiess
them; and as we are putting taxes on every other
occupation, why not on this? I have met many
men in my State who have said to me that they
had a yoke of stecis, three-year olds, which they
were ready to hand over, and that if another was
wanted they could raise another yoke every year
to pay taxes to the Government while this war is
going on.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly do not object to
my constituents paying their share of taxation.
I not only expect them to do it, but I know they
are ready and anxious to do it. I took my own
State to illustrate my argument, simply because
I am more familiar with the domestic habits and
economy of our people. They are all willing to
pay taxes, so far as X know. I have heard°no
complaint. Indeed, the heaviest tax on this bill
is a tax on one of the chief productions of our
State—whisky made out of corn.
Mr, FESSENDEN. That is a tax only on
those who cl ink liquor.
Mr. SHERMAN. So the tax on manufactures,
although it is levied in New England, will in a
great measure be paid by the consumer, and the
tax on insurance will be paid by the property in-
sured. We all understand that. I did not make
the allusion for the purpose of avoiding taxes on
my constituents; but I take it that certain genera!
principles ought to govern every political body in
framing a tax hill. One is that the tax ought to
be certain. Now, this is not certain. Any two
lawyers sitting down here will disagree as to the
terms of this clause. Senators have already shown
that they disagree ns to who is meant by its lan-
guage. It is uncertain. Then, besides, I think
it is a tax difficult to collect. It is scattered over
a great region of country. It takes a great num-
herofpersons. You have agreat numberof names
on your jist to get a very small sum of money. !
Then it is unequal. You tax the man who sells i
ten or twenty cows or shoats, who makes that an '■
occasional business, just as much as a person who !
sells one hundred thousand. Jt is uncertain; it is ,
unequal; it is difficult to collect; it is collected in I
small sums from persons, and 1 do not like the j
system of collecting as a burden upon any partic- I
ular employment, and that argument will apply
to nearly the whole list. I think more than two
thirds of these licenses ought to be stricken from
the list, inasmuch as they arc taxes upon employ-
ments—an unequal, bin densome, troublesome,
and dangerous tax. I think if this tax is retained
on cattle brokers, it will yield a considerable sum
of money; but it will be collected unequally from
a class of persons who will bear their burden of
taxation in other ways, and I think it might as
well be abandoned.
Mr. HOWE. I want to take issue with one part
of the statement submitted by the Senator from
Maine. I do not deny the assertion he made that
the farmers areas willing to pay taxes as any class
of the community; but that they are left more able
by the terms of this bill to pay taxes than any
other class, I think very questionable. It is said
that the burden of this system of revenue will fall
more lightly on them than any other class. I do
not understand it so. I understand on the con-
trary, that it will fall more heavily on them than
any other class. The great bulk of this revenue
is going to be derived from those who consume
manufactured articles, those who drink whisky,
and those who have income. I suppose farmers
consume as many manufactured articles as any
other class of the community in proportion to their
numbeis. I am not prcpaied to say that they do
not drink as much whisky. Now, as to their in-
come, whether it is large or small, the percentage
is the same; but that tax will fall more heavily
upon them than upon any other class of the com-
munity except mere salaried officers?, for t he reason
that their income can be more accurately ascer-
tained. Every man in a neighborhood knows very
nearly what the income of every farmer in the
neighborhood is, knows how many acres of land
he cultivates, knows how much he produces to
each acre. It is matter of neighborhood notoriety;
but it is not so with any other class of the commu-
nity deriving income that I know of, except those
who have a fixed salary. You cannot tell of any
of your millionaires what his income is, nor come
within a Sabbath day's journey of estimating it.
\ou can of a farmer; any man in the neighbor-
hood can get at his income very accurately. And
these are all the sources of revenue which amount
to anything. There are licenses and stamp duties,
to be sure. They will pay the stamp duties. They
| do not pay a license for cultivating a farm. That
is the only exemption that I know of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better have
the question 011 this by yeas and nays. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the question is taken on
striking out, I move to perfect the clause by in-
serting the word " horse"after" cattle;" so as to
make it read " cattle or horse broker."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The horse dealer is in
before.
Mr. DA^IS. The two characters are different
entuely, as I understand.
Mr. FESSEINDEN. Read the definition of
horse dealer, and you will see that it covers both.
Mr. DAVIS. A broker is a man who trades
for another. A dealer is one who trades for him-
self. There are fish dealers in the New England
States. A man is a fisherman; he goes tothe water,
spreads his lines and his hooks, and catches fish.
He sells them himself. He is no fish dealer; but
a man who purchases from him and sells to others
becomes a dealer: he buys and sells, which is
necessary to constitute a dealer. But a broker,
whether he be a cotton broker, ora hoise broker,
or a tattle bioker, is one who sells for another.
That is a profession in lelation to fish, in relation
to horses, and in relation to cattle. In the city of
Cincinnati, which is the greatest horse market in
the world, I suppose, and in the city of Louisville,
and in the city of St. Louis, both of which are
considerable horse markets, there are men whose
business it is to act as horse brokers. A farmer
goes to one of these cities, and he brings from one
to three or half a dozen horses, and he wants them
sold. What does he do ? He does not sell them
himself. He hunts up a horse broker, and he gets
the hoise broker to selUh^m for him. The horse
broker is in the line of his business in doing that,
just as much as a tallow-chandler is in making his
candles and selling them. He ought to pay a tax;
though all ought not to pay at the same rate. The
matter ought to be graduated among them. They
do different amounts of business. Some brokers
