1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
direct a procedure unparalleled in glaring injus-
tice ^ by anything among the Governments of
Christendom." They state that in the summer
of 1827—
" A colored man, who stated that he was entitled to free-
dom, was taken up as a, lun.uvaj slave, and lodged in the
jail of Washington city. Tip was advertised; but no one
appearing to claim hiin, he was. according to law, put up
at public auction lor The payment of his jail fees, and sold
.us <i slave for life! lie was purchased by a slave trader,
who was not required to give security for his remaining in
the District, and he was soon after shipped at Alexandria
foi oiie of the southern Static. An attempt was made by
some benevolent individuals to have the sale postponed
until Ins claim to fieedom could be investigated; hut their
efloit^ were unavailing; and thus was a human being j-old
into perpetual bondage, at the capital or the freest Govern-
ment on earth, without even a pietense of trial or an alle-
gation of cume."
The men of New England, New York, and
Pennsylvania of that generation were responsible
before God for that deed of inhumanity.
But, sir, we of this age in America are notguilt-
1 ess of like enormities. Senators will remember
that when Congress assembled in December last,
we found nearly sixty human beings immuied in
our jail, under the authority of our marshal and
his officials, as fugitive slaves, and that of this
number one man, admitted by all to be free, had
been confined more than six months. Colored
men of the free States, who have come with north-
ern regiments to the defense of the national cap-
ital, have been seized and imprisoned in our jail
as runaways by constables, and by that lace of
man-stealers, the legitimate offspring of this doc-
trine that color is presumptive evidence of sla-
very. Men who have escaped from the camps of
armed treason, who have given our military com-
mandersimportant intelligence of the movements
of rebel forces, appearing in the streets of Wash-
ington, are pounced upon, seized, and tin ust into
jail by the creatures who see " slave" written on
the forehead of every man through whose veiny
courses a drop of African blood. In this national
capital lurks a lace of official and unofficial man-
hunters, greedy, active, vigilant, dexterous, ov<m*
ready, by falsehood,triekoi y,or violence, to dutch
the hapless black man who carries not with Inm
a title-deed to fieedom. Only a few days ago,
these harpies of the land, more merciless than the
wreckers of the seas, pounced upon and hurried
to your jail two men your officers in the field had
sent to Washington to give important intelligence
to your generals. For these deeds of inhumanity
and injustice, the intelligent, patnotic, and Chiis-
tian freemen of America are responsible before
man and before God! And if we, their repre-
sentatives, who now for the first tune have the
power, do not end these crimes against man for-
ever, the guilt mid shame will restupon our souls,
and we shall be consigned to the moral indigna-
tion of Christendom.
Justice to a wronged and oppressed race de-
mands that this corrupt and corrupting doctrine,
that color is presumptive evidence of slnveiy in
the capital of the Republic, shall be condemned,
disowned, repudiated by the Go\eminent of the
United States. For two geneiations it has pre-^ed
with merciless force upon a race who mingled
their blood with the blood of our fathers on the
stricken fields of the war of independence. In
those days of tiial, black men, animated by the
same mighty impulse, fought side by side with
our fathers to win for America a place among the
nations. They rallied at the tap of the drum on
the morning of the 19th of Apiii, 1775, to meet
tiie shock of the fiist battle of the Revolution.
They poured their unerring bhots into the bosom
of the veteran troops of England as they moved
up the .slopes of Bunker HiU. They met, and
three times, by their steady valor repulsed, the
charges of British veterans on the battle-field of
Rhode Island, which La Fayette pionouncod "the
best I ought battle of the Re volution." They fought
and fell by the side of Lcdyard,at Fort Griswold.
They shared in the glorious defense and victory
of Red Bank, which will live in our history as
long as the Delaware shall flow by the spot made
immortal by their valor. They endured with our
fatheis, uncomplainingly, the toils and privations
of the battle-fields and htvouacks of the seven
years'campaigns of the Revolution, from Lexing-
ton to Yorktown, to found in America a Govern-
ment which should recognize the lights of human
nature. For more than sixty years, unmindful
of their rights and ungrateful for their seiviees in
our hour of weakness, we have recognized m the
capital of the nation the wicked and insulting
dogma which writes if slave" on the brow of all
who inherit their blood. Let us of this age hasten
to atone for this great wrong, by erasing that word
from the brow of this proscribed race here, and
making manhood, here at least, forever hereafter
presumptive evidence of freedom.
By the act of the 27th of February, 1801, Con-
gress continued in force in this capital the statute
of Maryland, enacted in 1717, that—
u No fine negro or mulatto shall be admitted and received
as good and valid evidence in law, in any matter or thing
whatsoever, wherein any Christian white person is con-
cerned.'*
This statute, enacted nearly a hundred and fifty
years ago, reenactcd by Congress on the 27th of
February, 1801, is the law in the capital of this
nation, that professes to recognize the sublime
creed of human equality. This law places the
property, the liberties, the lives of twelve thousand
free persons of color in the District of Columbia
at the mercy of the avaricious, the violent, and the
abandoned. It puts in peiil the rights of property
and of person of every free colored man whose
feet shall press the soil of the District of Colum-
bia. Here the oatli of the black man affoids no
protection whatever to his property, to thefiuits
of his toil, to the personal rights of himself, his
wife, his children, or his race. Greedy avarice
may withhold from him the fruits of his toil, or
clutch from him his little acquisitions; the brutal
may visit upon him, his wife, his children, in-
sults, indignities, blows; the kidnapper may enter
his dwelling and steal from his hearthstone his
loved ones; the assassin may hover on his track,
imperiling his household; every outrage that the
depravity of man can visit upon his brother man
maybe perpetrated upon him, upon his family,
his race; but his oath upon the Evangelists of
Almighty God, though his name may be written
in the Book of Life, neither protects him from
wrong nor punishes the wiong-doer. This Chris-
tian nation, m solemn moekery,enacts that the free
black men of America shall not bear testimony m
the judicial tribunals of the Districtof Columbia.
Although the black man is thus mute and dumb
before the judicial tubunalsof the capital ofChns-
tian America, his wrongs we will not have righted
here will go up to a higher tubunal, where the oath
of the proscribed negro is heard, and his story
registered by the pen of the recording angel.
What wrongs, what outrages may not be per-
petiated upon a race of men where " color is legal
presumption of slavery," where they "may be
ariested as absconding slaves," where their oath
cannot be received as "good and valid evidence
in law," where "every person seizing and taking
up runaways shall receive two hundied pounds
oi tobacco, or the value thereof," where, " if any
slave strikes a white person, he may, upon the
oath of the person bo struck, have one of his ears
cropped ?" What wrongs, what outrages may not
be perpetrated upon a race where, upon " inform-
ation to any justice of the peace that any free ne-
gro or mulatto is going at large without any visi-
ble means of subsistence, such justice is required
to issue his wan ant to any constable, directing
him to apprehend such free negro or mulatto; and
if such free negro or mulatto shall fail to give se-
curity for his good behavior, or to leave the State
within five days, or if, after leaving the State, he
shall return again within six months, such justice
may commit said free negro or mulatto to the com-
mon jail; and if such offender so committed shall
not, within twenty days thereafter, pay his or her
prison charges, the sheriff, with the approbation
of any two justices of the peace, may seil such free
ncsjro or mulatto to seive six calendar months?"
The wrongs, the outrages, the enormities which
the cupidity, the daik passions of the soidid and
the base have visited for the last sixty yeais upon
the unoffending, the helpless, under these laws of
Maryland, reaffirmed by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, will never be known until the secrets
of the last day are levealed.
Congress, in 1820, gave to the corporation of
Washington " pow er and authority to restrain and
prohibit'"the nightly and other disorderly meetings
of slaves, free negroes, and mulattoes, and to pun-
ish such slaves by whipping, not exceeding forty
stripes, or by imprisonment, not exceeding six
months for any one ofhmse: and to pumsh such
free negioe.5 and mulattoes by penalties, not ex-
ceeding twenty dollars for any one offense, and m
case of the inability of any free negro or mulatto
to pay any such penalty and costs therein, to cause
him or her to be confined to labor for any time
not exceeding six calendar months; to prescribe
the terms and conditions upon which free negroes
and mulattoes may reside in the city; to punish
corporally any colored servant or slave forabreach
of any of their laws or ordinances;" <s and to pass
all laws which shall be deemed necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the powers .
vested by this act in the said corporation.5'
Clothed by the Federal Government with this
power of legislation, the corporation of Washing-
ton ha^e passed ordinances relating to persons of
color, bond and free, more oppressive, more in-
human, more degrading than'the colonial black
code of Maryland, which Congress reaffirmed in
1801.
By an ordinance passed on the 31st of May,
1827, the corporation of the city of Washington
enacted that—
u If any free colored person is found going at large after
ten o'clock at night without a pass from some respectable
citizcn, he shall be fined not exceeding ten dollars, and
locked up until morning."
This act, often executed upon honest, toiling
men and women whose callings or duties require
them to enter the streets after that hour, is profli-
gate, burdensome, oppressive. Ofliciafs, who too
often look upon the black race as the prey of ava-
rice and passion, under color of this enactment,
seize their victims going to or returning from their
lawful callings. Since I have held a seat in the
Senate I have known colored men, trusted and
employed by the Government, while quietly has-
tening to their homes after ten o'clock from their
duties in the public service, to be arrested under
color of this oidinance. An oidinance so oppres-
sive, so barbarous should be annulled by the Con-
gress of the United States.
On the 20th of October, 1836, the corporation
of Cite city of Washington enacted that—
" Free colored persona must exhibit to the Mayor satis-
factory evidence oi his or her title to freedom, and enter
into bond wiih live good and sutncientsmeties,in the pen-
alty of .$1,000, for the good and orderly conduct of his or
hei entire, tamil), the bond to be lenewed eveiy year ; and
on failure so to do, maybe lined twenty dollars, and sent to
the workhouse."
A statute like this, which requires every free
colored person to furnish the Mayor of the city
of Washington evidence of his or her title to free-
dom, and to give bonds annually for his or her
orderly conduct, and failing so to do, to he sent
to the workhouse, places ten thousand free per-
sons of color at the mercy of the corporation of-
ficials of this city, who may exercise, under color
of this law, the most oppressive acts of petty
tyranny.
On the 29th of October, 1836, the corporation
of the city of Washington, under the authority
conferred upon it by the Government of the Uni-
ted States, enacted that—
<v All scciet or puvate meetings or assemblages whatso-
ever, and all meetings! for religious worship beyond the hour
ol ten at night, uf fiee'negioes, mulattoes-, or slaves,are de-
claied to be unlawtnl; and any colored person oi persons
lound at such assemblage* or meetings, or who may con-
tinue at any religious meeting alter ten o'clock at night,
shall for each offense pay the sum of five dollars; and n\
the event of any such meeting or assemblage, it shall be the'
duly of anj police constable to enter the house where such
assemblage is held and employ all lawful means immedi-
ately to disper e the same.; and in case any police consta-
ble, after full uoticc and knowledge of such meeting, shall
neglect or refuse to execute the dutv hereby required, he
shall forfeit and pay the sum of filty dollar*, and be inca-
pable of holding any office of powei or uust under thecor-
[loiation for one year thereafter
The Christian men of New England, of the cen-
tral States, of the West, must not forget that they
arc not free from responsibility for the existence,
in their national capital, ofa statute which imposes
a fine of five dollars upon Christian men and wo-
men who may be found m a religious meeting after
the hour often o'clock at night; that in the capital
of this Christian Republic it is made the duty of
police constables, under penalties of fine and dis-
franchisement, to enter a religious meeting after
the hour often ut night and disperse Christian men
and women listening to the story of salvation, or
offering up to Him who made the humblest of the
race in His own image, the praises and gratitude
of contrite hearts.
On the 28th of July, 1831, the corporation of
the city of Washington passed an ordinance " em-
powering the Mayor to grant any person u license
to trade and traffic in slaves foi the sum of #400."
