2312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
tee propose to amend this section by inserting the
words "or produced," in the fourth line, aftei
the word " made;" the words " or producer," in
the fifth line, after « manufacturer;" the words
"or produced," in the sixth hue, after " made;
and by striking out " vine dressers," in the sixth
line, and inserting" vintners;" so that the section
will read:
That nothing contained in the preceding section of this
act, la}hig duties on licences, shall be construed to require
a license foi the sale ofgoods, wares, and tnciehandise made
or produced and sold by the manufacturer or producer at
the manufactory or place wlieie the same is made or pro-
duced, to vinineis who sett, at the place where the same is
made, wine of tlieir own growth.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move a veibal amend-
ment to strike out the word " only," in the tenth
line, as its application seems to be a little uncur-
tain, and to insert the word " exclusively " after
" use," in the ninth line, so as to read, 11 nor to
apothecaries, as to wines or spirituous liquors
which they use exclusively in the prepaiation or
making up of medicines for sick, lame, or diseased
persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the sixty-third section, as
follows:
Sec. 63. And he it farther enacted, That no license here-
inbefore piovided foi, if panted, shall be construed to au-
thotize the commencement or continuation of any trade,
business, occupation, or employment therein mentioned,
within any St.iteor Territory of the United States in which
it is or shall bo specially piolubited by the laws thereof:
Provided, Nothing in this act shall be held oi eonsti ued so
as to pi event the seveial States within the limits thereof ,
fioni placing a duty, tax, or license, for State puipo«es, on
any business matter or thing on which a duty, tax, or license
is requited to be paid by tin-? act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment being proposed to this section, the next will
he read.
Tlie Secretary read the sixty-fourth section, as
follows:
Manufactures, Articles and Piodncts. Specific and ad valo-
i cm Duty.
Snc. 61. Aiul be it futfhei emutcd, That on and after the
1 day of May, 186:2, rveiy individual, partnership, fnin,
association, or coi poiation (ami any word or woid-i in thi-
a<-t indicating or referring to person. oi pci.-ons, shall he
taken to mean and include paifnei-hip.-. fnm-, associations,
or coi potation^ when m>t othctwise designated oi mani-
festly incompatible with the intent thereof) -•hall comply
With* the following requirement- ; thatisto -av. Fii\-t. -
forecommencing, or, ifahcadv commenced, helbie contai-
ning any Mich niantilacfuie for which he, she, ot they may
be liable ro be a-sessed nndei the provision-, of this net, and
which shall not be diil'eiently piovided loi cl-owheie,
withm thirty days after the date when this act shall take
effect, he, she, oi they t-hal! iuimsh lo the assistant asses-
sor a statement, Mibseiib^d and -.\voin to, or afrinned, set-
ting fortli the place when*'the manufacture is to be carried
on, name oi the manuiactuied amele, tiic pioposcd maiket
foi the s-auie, whethei foieign oi doine-tio, and guneially
the kind and quality ninnutaetuied oi proposed to bo in.ui-
uf.ictuii'd. Second. lie shall, within ten days alter the
first da\ of each and every mouth, alter tlie day on which
thisaei takes elfcet, u> herembeiore mentioned, make re-
tuin of the piodtiets and salesoi ddiven of such manufae-
tuie in form and detail as miybe nqum d, fioni time to
lime, by the <.\>mmi-sion< t oi lmein.il Revenue. riuid.
Ail hUeh returns-, statement-, <k's.eitpti<ms, memoranda,
oaths, and animations -hall he in loim, scope, and detail,
as may be pu'scimod, fiom tune to time, by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tin- amend-
ment of tlie committee proposing to in set t " July "
instead of " May," will be made by common con-
sent, to make this section confonn to the residue
• of the bill as already amended. The committee
also propose to amend the second item of this sec-
tion by inserting: in ihe twenty-thud line, after
" mentioned," the wotds il or on or before a day
prescribed by the Commissioner of internal Rev-
enue;" so as to read, " within tun days after the
first day of uieh <iud every month after the day
on winch tins act takes ( fleet, as lou t.-inbefoie
mentioned, or on or before a dav pie&uibed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, make
return," &c.
The amendment was agreed to
The sixty-fifth section was read, as follows:
Pec. 65. Aiulhe it further enacted, Thai upon the amounts!,
quantities, and valuer of produce, goods, wares, meiehan-
dit-e,and articles manuiactuied and sold oi delivered, here-
matter enuinenu^d, the manufacturer theieot,whether man-
unictui t'd ior hiinsclt or for others, -tiii!l pay to the collector
of inteinal jcvemie within his distnct, monthly, and on or
betore a d.n to Ik pro-cubed by the t'otnmissiuner of In-
tel ual Re v'ciiU'Mhe dimes on such nianuiUctuiws: Prowled,
That when eloth i> sold or delivered exclusively fot djemg
punting, bleaching, or to be finished in any other manner!
and tii.ead manufactured and sold or dehveied exclusively
for knitting fabric.*, or for weaving or spooling, as provided
for in the seventy-first section of this act, the duties shall
he a-<es*cd on the uitides finished and piepared for use or
consumption to the party so finishing or preparing the same,
and any party so lini-hing or preparing any cloth or other
fabrict-of cotton, wool, or other muteiials, whether imported
or otherwise, shall he considered the manufaetmer thereof
for the purposes of this act; and for neglect to pay such
duties within ten days after demand, eithei personal or wi it-
ten, left at hi<, her, or their house or place of business, or
manufactory,the amountot such duties may be levied upon
the icai ami personal piopcrty of any such manufacturer.
And such duties, and whatever shall he the expenses of
levy, shall be a hen ftom the day prescribed by the Commis-
sioner for their payment afore-aid, in favor of the United
States upon the said real and persona) propeity of such man-
ufacturer, and such lien may be enforced by distraint, as
provided in the general provisions of this act: Provided,
That in all cases of goods manufactured, in wholeor m part,
upon commission, or where the material is furnished by one
.party and inanufactmed by another, if the manufnctuicr
shall be required to pay under this act the tax hereby im-
posed, such person or persons so paying the same --hall be
entitled to collect the amount thereof of the owner or own-
eis, and shall have a lien for the amount thus paid upon the
manufactured goods: And provided farther, Thatthe taxes
on all articles manufactured and sold, in pursuance of con-
tacts bona fide made before the 3d day of March,] 862, shall
be paid bv the pui chasers thereof, under icgulations to he
established by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose in the sixth line, after, the word
"monthly, "to strike out "and, "and insert "or,"
which amendment will be ordered unless objec-
tion be made. They also propose to strike out
the following clause :
Prodded, That when clotli it. told or delivered exclu-
sivcly for dyeing, printing, bleaching, or to be finished in
any othei manner, and thiead manufactured and sold or
delivered exclusively for knitted fabrics, or for weaving or
spooling, as provided for m the seventy-fiist section of this
act, the dime- shall be assessed on theaifie1e« finished and
prepaied for use or eon-umption to the paity so finishing or
piepaiing the same, and any paity so finishing or piepar-
ing any cloth or other fabucs of cotton, wool, or other ma-
tennis, whether imposed oi otherwise, shall be considered
the manufacturer thereof' for the purposes of this act.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 should like to inquire the
motive for striking that out.
Mr. FESSENDEN". We propose to make the
provision in another part of the bill, where it is
more proper.
Mr. ANTHONY. There should be here, or in
the other part of the bill where this provision is
made, an exception also in favor of yarn that is
span at one establishment and woven at another.
The duty should not be paid on the yarn and then
on the full value of the cloth also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will have
to move an amendment if it is requisite, when we
go over the bill a^ain, but if he will turn to the
98th page, he will see that we propose to put this
proviso in the proper place. His colleague un-
derstands it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section sixty-six, as fol-
lows :
Sfc. 66. And he it further enacted, That for neglect or
retusal to pay the duties provided by this act on manntae-
I tuied articles, .is aloicstud, the goods, waics, and merchan-
dise manuiactuied and unsold by such manutaeture, may
he lorteitcd to the United State-, and may be sold or dis- j
po-cd or for the benefit of the -ame, in manner a^ shall be [
prescribed by the UonunisMonerof (ntei nai Revenue, under j
the direction of the yecietary of tlie Trea^uiv fn such I
ca-e the collector oi deputy collector may take po--e^Mon ;
ot said airicle-. and may maintain such possession in the
piemise-* and bui!din«s where they may have been manu-
factured, or depo-ited, or may be. lie shall summon, giv-
ing nonce, of not |e-s than iwo noi more than ten days, to
the pmties in possession of said good-, enjoining them to
appeal befoie the ;,.-^e.—or or assistant n-sc-.sor, at a day and
iiom in such ^tiimnorw fixed, then and theie to-how cau-e,
if any iheie be, why. foi such neglect or teiu-al, such ai-
ticies should not bo d^claied lorteifd to the United States.
Such pei-'on-j or parties mtei e-ted shall be deemed to be the
nianulacturei^ ot the same, if the articles shall be at the
time of taking such possc-sion upon the pienuses where
rnatitifaetmed; if they shall at such time have been re-
moved from the place of man u tact me, ihe parties interested
shall be deemed to he the peison in vvno-e custody oi pos-
se-ston the aiticles -hall then he. Such summons shall be
st'ived upon such paities in pcr-on, oi by leaving a copy
thereof at the place of abode or bu-mess of tin;'party to
whom the same mav be directed. In ca-o no such patty oi
place can be found, which fact shall be determined by the
collectors return on the -iimmons, such notice, m the na-
tuie of a summon^, shall be given by advmisemcnt forthe
tt mi ol three weeks m one newspaper in the countynear-
e«-t to the place of .-ucii «ale. If. at or before sueh hearing,
fciich duties shall not have been paid, and the a«es-or oi
assistant assessor --hall adjudge the summons and notice,
service and i etiun ol the same, to be -utlieient. the said ar-
ticles shall be declared loifeit. and <hali be t-ofd. disposed
of, or turned over to the use of any Department of the Gov-
ernment, as may be dneeted bv the Secreiaiy o!'theTiea-i~
in}', who may icquire of any officei oi the Go\ ermnent, into
whose posse-sion the same may he turned ovei, the ptoper
voucher therefor : Provided, That file pioceeds of the sale
of said articles, if any theie be altei deducting tlie duties
thereon, together with the expenses of summons, advertis-
ing, and sale, or the excess of the value of said articles,
after deducting the duties and expenses accrued thereon
when turned over to the u-=e of any Department of the Gov-
ernment. shall be refunded and paid to the manufftcruicr,
or to the person in who-e eti-tody or possession the articles
weie when seized. The Commissions of Internal Rev-
enue, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
mav review any such case of forfcituie, and do justice in
the premises. If the forfeitme shall have been wiongly de-
clared, and sale made, the Secretary is hereby authorized,
in case the specific articles cannot be restored to the party
aggrieved in as good order and condition as when seized,
to make up to such paity in money his loss and damage
from the contingent fund of his Department. Immediate
return of seizui es so forfeited shall be made to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue by the collector or deputy col-
lector wtio shall make any such seizure. Articles which
the collector may adjudge perishable may be sold or dis-
posed of before declaration of forfeituie. Said sales shall
be made at public auction, and notice thereof shall be given
in the same manner as is provided m this section in case
of forfeiture.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose, in the fourth line of this section, to strike
outmay," before the words " be forfeited," and
insert " shall" in lieu of it. This amendment will
be oidered, unless there be objection. They also
propose, after the woid "revenue," in the sev-
enth line, to strike out the words " under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the sixty-seventh section,
as follows:
Sec. 67 And be it further enacted, That any violation of,
or lefusal to comply with, the piovisions of the sixty-foui th
section of this act shall be good cause for seizin e and for-
feiture, substantially in manner as detailed in the section
next preceding this, of all manufactured at tieles liable to be
assessed undei the provisions of this act, and not otherwise
piovided for; and such violation or refusal to comply shall
fuitlier make any poison so violating or refusing lo comply
liable to a fine ot .§500, to be lecovered in manner and form
as piovided in this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose no amendment to this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "sixty-fourth,"
in the third line, should be " sixty-seventh," on
account of the change of the sections occasioned
by our amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made. Tlie next section will be read.
The Secretary read section sixty-eight, as fol-
lows:
Sec 63. And he it further enacted, That in case of the
manufacture and sale or delivery of any goods, wares, mer-
chandise, or articles as hereinafter mentioned, without com-
pliance on the part of the party manufaetuung the same
with all or any of the requirements and regulations prc-
scubed m this actni iclation thereto, the assistant assessor
may, upon such iufoimation as he may have, assume and
c-timafe the amount and value of such manufacturer and
upon such assumed amount assess the duties ; and said du-
ties shall be collected in like manner as m case thepiovis-
K'tis of this aeun relation thereto had been complied with,
and to sueh aitides all the forccroing provisions lor liens,
fines, penalties, and foi tenures, shall m like manner apply.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment is proposed to this section.
The Secretary read section sixty-nine, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 69 And he it further enaifcd. That all good-*, wares,
i and mctchandi<e, or articles manufactured oi made bj any
j person or persons not for sale, but lor his, her, oi then own
i use or consumption; and all goods wares, and nicichan-
: dise Oi articles manufactured or made and sold, except «-pir-
1 ituous and malt liquors, and leaf, stem, or manufactured
| tobacco, where the annual pioduc t shall not exceed the -uin
i of §600, «hall be and are exempt from duty : Provided, That
! this shall not apply to any business or nan-action uhere
! one paity furnishes the materials, oi any part thereof, and
| employs another patty to manufactme, make, or finish die
; good-, waies and mcrehandi-e oi article-, pa> ing or ptom-
j j-ing to pav theiel'or, and icceiving the good-, waie-, and
i meic.handi-e ot aitich-s: hutin all-uch case*, the p.uty I ur-
j nishing the tnatetinl- and lcceivmg the jroods. waic-, and
: meichandise or articles .-hall be liable to and ehaiged with
j all aectumg duties thejeou.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
, propose to amend this section by striking out, in
I tlie sixth line, the words " leaf, stem, or," before
1 " manufactured tobacco."
; The amendment was agreed to.
;] The Secretary read the seventieth section, as
[ follows:
ji Sec. 70. And he it furlfier enacted, That tiie value and
| j quantity of the good-, wates, and merchandise required to
\\ be sta'cd, a- aloie-nid. and subject lo an ad valorem duty,
jj shall be estimated by tlie actual sales made by the manu-
j i factuii i, oi by ins. hei, or their agent, ot person or persons
; actms in In-, her, or then behalf; and whete such goods,
wates. and meichandisc have been removed for consump-
! [ tton. or for delivery to othets. oi placed on slnpboaid, oi are
i1 no longer within the custody and eonnol of the tnanufac-
;j tutcroi manufacturer, oi his or then agent, not being in
i i his, her, or their factory, store;oi warehouse, the value shall
