330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
  j between: us and the Union, and we are com-
pelled to smite it. To strike at it is to strike at
treason; and to favor it in any way, however un-
wittingly, is to. take sides with the rebels. They
cherish it as the most precious of all earthly bless-
ing's. They love it with all the force of a long-
fostered community of feeling; and the assertion
is well attested, that the loss of a slave by north-
ern agency excites more sudden and wide-spread
indignation than would the murder of his master.
Mr. Chairman, I need make no argument to
prove that slavery isan element of positive strength
to the rebels, unless we employ it in furthering our
own cause. The slaves till the ground, and sup-
ply the rebel army with provisions. Those not
fit to bear arms oversee the plantations. Multi-
tudes can be spared for the army, since women
overseers are as capable and trustworthy as men.
.Of the entire slave population of the South, ac-
- cording to the estimates of our last census returns,
one million are males, capable of bearing arms.
They cannot be neutral. As laborers, if not as
soldiers, they will be the allies of the rebels or
of the Union. Count all the slaves on the side
of treason, and we are eighteen millions against
twelve millions. Count them on the loyal side,
and we arc twenty-two millions against eight.
XIow shall this black power be wielded? A gen-
tleman, occupying a very high official position,
has said that it would be a disgrace to the people
of the free States to call on four millions of blacks
to aid in putting down eight millions of whites.
Shall we then freely give the rebellion four mil-
lions of allies, at the certain cost to us of many
millions of money and many thousands of lives?
And, if so, may we not as well reinforce the rebels
with such portion of our own armies as will make
the contest equal in nuoibeis, and thus save our
cause from "disgrace?55 Ik the conduct of this
war to be the only subject which requires men to
discard reason and forget humanity?
The rebels use their slaves in building fortifi-
cations: shall we not invite them to our lines, and
employ them in the same business ? The rebels
employ them in raising the provisions without
which their armies mustperish: shall we not en-
tice them to join our standard, and thus connpcl
the enemy to reinforce the plantation by weakening
the army? The rebels employ them as cooks,
nurses, teamsters, and scouts: shall we dccline
such services in order to spare slavery ? The rebels
organize regiments of black men, who shoot down
our loyal white soldiers: shall we sacrifice our
sons and brothers for the sake of slavery, refusing
to put blaek men against black men, when the
highest interests of both white and black plead for
it? In the battles of the Revolution, and in the war
of 1812, slaves and Tree men of color fought with
a valor unexcelled by white men. Are wo afiaid
that a like honot to the coloied man would be re-
peated, and thus testify again.st Jus enslavement5
1 do not say that any general policy of arming the
slaves should be avowed; but that in some ca-
pacity, military or civil, according to the circum-
stances of each particularcase,theyshonld be used
in the necessary and appropriate work of weak-
ening the power of their owners. Under competent
military commanders we may possibly be able to
subdue the lebels without calling to our aid their
slaves; but have we a right to reject it, at the ex-
pense of prolonging the wai and augmenting its
calamities? Is it a small thing1 to sacrifice unneces-
sarily the lives of our young and middle-aged men,
the flower of the land, and rive with sorrow the
heaits of friends and kindred? Can we afford a
dollar of money, or a drop of blood, to spare the
satanic power that has hatched this rebellion into
life, and is now the sole barrier to our peace.
Sir, when the history of this rebellion shall be
written, us saddest pages will lccord the careful
and studious tenderness of this Administration
towards American slavery. 1 say this with the
smcere3t regret. I do not doubt tho good inten-
tions of the President, noi would I forget tho try-
ing circumstances in which lie and his advisers
have been placed. Upon them, to a very great
extent, must the hopes of our country rest m this
ciisis. T:> sustain their policy, wherever 1 can
honestly do so, as a Representative of the people,
is my first duty, and my second is, frankly to
point out its errors, whilst avoiding, if possible,
the attitude of an antagonist. Instead of making
slavciy the special object of attack, as the weak
point of the enemy, and the guilty cause of the
war, the policy of the Administration has been
that of perpetual deference to its claims. The
Government speaks of it with bated breath. It
handles it with kidgloves. Very often hasit spread
its parental wing over it, as the object ofits peculiar
care. In dealing with the interests of rebels, it
singles out as its pet and favorite, as the spared
object of its love, the hideous monster that is at
once the body, soul, and spirit of the movement
we are endeavoring to subdue. While the rebels
have trampled the Constitution under their feet,
and pursued their purposes like thugs and pirates,
the Government has lost no opportunity of declar-
ing that the constitutional rights of slavery shall
be protected by loyal men. ThcSecretaryofState,
in his instructions to Mr. Adams, of the 10th of
April last, says:
" You will indulge in no expressions of harshness or dis-
respect, or even impaticnce, concerning the seceding States,
tlieir agents, oi their people."
And he Warns Mr. Adams to remember that
these States are, and must ever continue to be,
"equal and honored members of this Federal
Union," and that their citizens " still are, and
always must be, our kindred and countrymen."
In-his letter to Mr. Dayton, of April 22, he tells
him that—
"The rights of the States, and the condition of every
human being in them, will remain subject to exactly the
same laws and forms of administiafion, whether the revo-
lution ehall succeed or whether it shall fail; their consti-
tutions and laws,customs, habits, and institutions, in either
case, will remain the same."
In this he is followed by the President in his
message of the 4th of July. In the letter just re-
ferred to, Mr. Seward even denies that any war
exists between the loyal and disloyal States. Al-
though in his letter to Mr. Clay, of May 6, he
admits that the object of this rebellion is to create
a nation built upon the principle that African sla-
very is a blessing, to be extended over the conti-
nent at whatever cost or sacrifice, yet in his letter
to Mr. Corwin, of April 6, he says:
" The President does not expect that you will allude to
the origin or causes of our domes-tic difficulties in your in-
teieuur&e with the Government of Mcxico."
The Secretary of War lias taken pains to say,
with emphasis and reiteration, that—
" This ic a war foi the Union, for the pteseivation of all
constitutional rnxhN of States, and the citizens of all the
States of the Union."
I believe the Attorney General has been equally
emphatic, and that he lias even insisted upon the
enforcement, of the fugitive slave act in Missouri,
without any reference to the rebellion. The Sec-
retary of the Interior, in a public speech in August
last, declared that—
"Thisis notawai upon the institution of Mavery, but a
war for the. restoration of the Union and the piotection of
all citizen'?, m the South as well as in the North, in their
constitutional ught<."
And he affirmed that—
"Then; could not be found in South Caiohnaaman more
fluxions, tehgiou-Iy and scrupulou-ly, to obseivo all the
featuies of the Constitution relating to slavery than Abra-
ham Lincoln."
Both Houses of Congress, in July, chimed in
with this chorus of loyai voices on the side of the
assumed constitutional rights of rebels, and our
innocence of any hostile designs toward them;
while the wretchcd legislative blunder known as
the confiscation act is a fruit of the same fastidious
and gingerly policy. No one, certainly, should
condemn the Government for defining its position
truly, and cautiously, as to its purpose and policy
respecting tho rebellion; but these never-ending
platitudes aboutourkind intentions, and the con-
stitutional rights of the scoundrels who have ab-
dicated the Constitution and ceased to have any
rights under it, show how fearfully the power of
slavery continues to mesmerize the conscience and
manhood of our public men.
To this strange deference to slavery must be re-
ferred the fact that such swarms of disloyal men
have been retained m the several Departments of
the Government, and that tho spirit and energy
of the war have been paralyzed from the begin-
ning. To the same cause must we attribute the
recent proclamations of General Sherman and
General D;x, and the humiliating services of bur
armies 1:1 rhe capture and return of fugitive slaves.
Again and again have our commanders engaged
m this execrable business, m disregard of'the
Constitution, and in defiance of all precedent. In
numerous instances fugitives have been delivered
to rebel masters, an offense compounded of piracy
and treason, which should have been punished
with death. Our soldiers have notonly been com-
pelled to take upon them the duties specially and
exclusively belonging to the officers of law, pro-
vided by the fugitive act of 1850, but have been
required to return fugitives when they had not
passed out of the State in which they belonged,
and where, of course, the law itself would furnish
no remedy. Sir, our treatment of these fugitives
has not only been disgraceful, but infamous. For
the rebels, the Constitution has ceased to exist;
but weie it otherwise, it is neither the right nor
the duty of our Army to return their slaves. The
Constitution deals with them as persons, and
knows them only as loyal or disloyal. If they
are disloyal, they are simply belligerents, and if
found among us should no more be allowed to re-
turn than other rebels. If as loyal men they come
to our lines, tendering us their aid, our command-
ers who return them to their rebel claimants should
be summarily crowned with the honors of the
gallows. I cannot now go into the history of the
numerous cases in which officersof our Army have
driven from our lines, or restored to their claim-
ants, the slaves who have come within our juris-
diction, and whose information, had it been ac-
cepted, would have averted some of the bloodiest
tragedies of the war; but I trust some painstaking
gentleman will undertake this task, and perform
it honestly and thoroughly, however damning the
record may be to the parties concerned.
The conduct of the Administration towards
General Fremont forms a kindred topic of criti-
cism. When he proclaimed freedom to the slaves
of rebels in Missouri, it was greeted with almost
universal joy throughout the free States. The
popular instinct at once recognized it as a blow
struck at the heart of the rebellion. The order that
rebels should be shot did not carry with it half
the significance of this proclamation of freedom to
their slaves. But the President at once modified
it, so far as its anti-slavery features went beyond
the confiscation act of Jufy. He had no objection
to the shooting of rebels, though it was as unwar-
ranted by the act of Congress as the emancipation
of their slaves. Their slave property must be held
as more sacred than any other property; more
sacred than their lives; more sacred even than the
life of the Republic. Could any policy be more
utterly suicidal ? Slavery burns our bridges: pois-
ons our wells; destroys the. lives of our people;
fires our hospitals; murders our wounded soldiers;
lays waste the country; turns pirate on the sea;
confiscates our property of every description; arms
with butcher-knives and tomahawk^ the savages
of the Southwest as its allies; deals with our insti-
tutions with remorseless fury; and, in short, inun-
dates the land with the villainies and crimes born
of its devilish rule over these States; but when
General Fremont declares that the slaves of rebels
in arms against us within his military jurisdiction
shall be free, the President—no doubt with the best
of motives, but as if determined to give all the aid
in his power to the rebellion—countermands the
proclamation. He says he does this " most cheer-
fully."
The rebels may be shot, but while they keep
up the fight against us their slaves shall supply
them with provisions, without which their armies
must perish and the lives of loyal men might be
spared. The confiscation act bribes all the slaves
of the South to murder our people, and the Pres-
ident refuses to allow the war power to go beyond^
it. The effect is, that if the slaves engage in the
war at all, they must do so as our enemies, while,
if they remain at home on their plantations, in the
business of feeding the rebel army, they will have
the protection both of the loyal and confederate
governments. Sir, is not this a practical espousal
of the rebellion by the Administration? When
both parties to this struggle agree in subordina-
ting the Union to slavery, is it not time for the
people to speak? When the country is pouring
out its treasure in streams that threaten it with
financial ruin, and periling the lives of hundreds
of thousands of our picked men to save the Re-
public, can we endure a policy so fatal to our suc-
cess and so merciless in its results? It is known
that General Fremont's proclamation was modi-
fied to accommodate the loyal slaveholders of
Kentucky; but what right, 1 ask, had the loyal
men of that State to complain if the disloyal men
of Missouri forfeited their slaves by treason? If
pretended loyal men in Kentucky or elsewhere
