3272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
President of the United States for his approbation on the
last day of the session."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In connection
with this, the Cleric will read the last-clause of
the 26th rule of the Senate.
The "Secretary read as follows:
A aiotion to suspend or to concur in a resolution of the
House to suspend the J6th and 17th joint rules, or either of
thejn, sitnJl always be in order, be immediately considered,
and bo decided without debate."
Mr, KING. Being opposed to the immediate
adjournment of Congress, I prefer that this res-
olution should lie over for a day or two; and I
move, if it be in order to do so, that it be post-
poned until Monday.
Mr.SHERMAN. If wc adjourn .even on Mon-
days the resolution should be passed to-day.
"The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York moves that the consideration of
this resolution be postponed until Monday.
Mr. ICING. It is because I am opposed to an
immediate fuljournmcnt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit that the motion
of the Senator from New York is not in aider.
The resolution must be considered and decided
without debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Piesident 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is not a debatable one; but the Chair will hear
suggestions.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to remark, sim-
ply, that I believe it is not customary to introduce
the resolution now introduced by theSonator from
Ohio, until thtj two Houses have fixed a day of
adjournment. No such day has yet been fixed,
and 1 think we are not now in a condition to fix
the day. When wo have fixed that day, the res-
olution of the Senator will be in ordei.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt we shall bo
able to adjourn soon without fixing a day of ad-
journment, and 1 do not think it would be wise to
fix the day of adjournmentpositively until we are
midy to adjourn. The suspension of the lGth
joint rule is indispensable now, in older to allow
bills to be sent from one House to the other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* Under the
olausc of the 26th rule, which has been read, the
Chair must decide that the motion of the Senator
from Now York is not in order. The rule is ex-
plicit, thatti motion to suspend the 16th and 17th
joint rules shall always be in order, and shall be
considered and decided withoutdobate. The mo-
tion of the. Senator fiom New York is to postpone
the consideration of the resolution agaiu&t the let-
ter of the rule.
Mr. KING. I had some doubt about it, and I
shall now content myself with asking for the yeas
and nays, that 1 may reeoid my vote against the
' proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desue to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Ohio. The resolution
Will he without any application until a day of ad-
join niiient is fixed. Suppose that we should ad-
journ thM evening, theie is no rule in existence
now to prevent our sending bills backward and
forward, because it is not yet fixed that we shall
adjourn this evening. The bills will continue to
go, and until you have a time fixed for adjourn-
ment, the rule can have no application. There is,
therefore, no occasion for the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that if we adjourn on Tuesday this is one of
the last three days of the session; and this is the
usual icsoluiion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not be proper until
we fix the day.
The PRESIDENT pro ttmpore. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio, to suspend the 16th and 17th joint
rules for the residue of the session.
Mr. KING called for the yeas and nays, and
they were oid'Ted; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 2G, nays II; as follows;
YEAS—Messi.-. Anthony, 151 owning, Cathie. Clark, Coi
lamir, Cowan, Davis, Dooiiuh',, Halo, Usui i>.
Henderson, liowaid, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lam! ot
Kans'H; MeDougali, I'otnetov, Rice, Sherman, tfhnmon^,
Ten Kick, Wilmot, Wilson ot Mi^oua, and YViighi—2(3.
NAYS—Chandler, Gnrnes, Harlan, King, Pow-
ell, Saul-bury, Sumner, Tiumbuii, Wade, WiJiev, and
Wilson of Mu->*aeliu etU>—11.
So the resolution was agreed to.
BILLS liKCOML LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the UoitedStates, by Mr. JNicoi.ay, his Secretary,
announcing that the President of the United_Stat.es
had approved and signed, on the lltli instant, an
act (S. No. 102) to amend an act entitled*'An aet
to divide the State of Illinois into twojudicia) dis-
tricts," approved February 13, 1855; and an act
(S. No. 342) for the establishment of certain na-
tional arsenals.
MILITARY EXPENSES OF MISSOURI. ^
Mr. HENDERSON. There has been lying on
the table for some days a bill of some importance,
which I desire to call up. .It is Senate bill No.
376, to allow to the State of Missouri the moneys
expended by thatStatein armingand paying troops
employed in the suppression of insurrection against
the laws of the United States. I move to post-
pone all prior orders and take up that,bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will post-
pone his motion for a few minutes, that we may
make some reports. The committees have not yet
made their reports this morning. I have several
to make.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have endeavored to get
the floor for some mornings for the purpose of
asking for the consideration of this bill, but I have
not succeeded. 1 will state to the gentleman fiom
Massachusetts that it will take but a moment, It
has been before the Military Committee, and is
reported with a slight amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
376) to allow and pay to the State of Missouri the
amount of money expended by said State m the
armingand payingof troops employed m the sup-
pression of insurrection against the laws of the
United States, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. 11 provides that the State of Missouii
shall be entitled to a ciedit against the direct tax
apportioned to thai State by the " Act to provide
increased revenue from imports to pay inteiest on
the public debt, and for other purposes,"approved
August 5, 1861, for all sums of money expended
by the State m the arming, equipping, subsisting,
and paying of troops organized under the ordi-
nances of the convention of the State passed dur-
ing the year 1861, and employed in concert with
the Federal authorities in suppressing insurrection
against the United States, and enfoicmg the laws
thereof.
For the purpose of ascertaining the amount duo
to the State for moneys so expended, ihe Secre-
tary of War is, by commission or otherwise, to
cause the accounts to be examined, and a report
made to him of the amount due, which being ap-
proved by the Secretary of War, and by him cer-
tified to the Secretary of the Treasury, the amount
shall be allowed to the State, and deducted from
the amount apportioned by the act of August 5,
1861, and the remainder only, if any, shall be col-
lected as therein prescribed.
If the State shall assume and pay into the Treas-
ury the balance of the direct tax, if any, at such
time as may be fixed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, or i£ the expenditures shall be found to
be equal to the tax, the deduction or discount of
fifteen per cent.,as prescribed in the fifty-third sec-
tion of the act of August 5,1861, is to be allowed
on the whole amount thus apportioned.
The Committee on Military Affairs proposed to
amend the bill by inserting, at the end of the sec-
ond section, the following proviso:
Provided. That in the adjustment of account" under rhi&
act, no ^oater rate of compensation shall he allowed than
was piovuled for by all the lawsot the United States, appli-
cable to the arming, equipping, Mih^istinsr, and payment of
volunteer, in force at the time of the emollment of such
ttoop-5 of Mtssouii.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer another section as an
amendment to the bill:
Jlnd he it jmther enacted, That the provisions ofthe act
entitled " An .u t to ^ecuie to the officers and men actually
employed in the Western depait mentor department of Mis-
coini, their pay, bounty, and pension," apptoved Mai eh 23,
SyG*2, .ire hereby extended and ifiade applicable to the olii-
een and men employed in any other military dcpaitmcnt
oi the (.Tinted States.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will not insist upon that amendment to
this bill. The Senate will discover by an examin-
ation of the bill that the subject proposed to be
ingrafted upon it, by way of amendment, is not
connected with the matter under consideration in
the bill itself. While 1 am up, I will simply ex-
plain that a bill has been passed by Congress
allowing to the different States the amount of
money expended by those States in the armingand
equipping of troops for the Federal service, but
that law is not exactly applicable to the State of
Missouri, for the reason that the troops we raised
in that State were raised under the ordinances of
a convention. The Union men called together the
convention last July, and again subsequently in
October, and passed ordinances. We had fur-
nished all the men that we were called upon to fur-
nish by the Federal Government, but we found
our State overrun after the fall of Lexington, and
we found that it was utterly impossible for us to
protect ourselves against the rebels of that State
'unless we had more troops in the field. We called
1 together the convention in October, and passed
ordinances for raising a militia force, and adopted
for their government the articles of war prescribed
by the United States Government. Our troops
were enrolled and entered into the service under
the western commanders. I was in that service
myself. I went into the field and raised upwards
of a thousand men, and continued in that service
till I came herein January last. The object of
this bill is merely to make the provisions of the
law, passed in reference to other States, applicable
to the State of Missouri. It is to allow that State
the amount of money she expended in subsisting,
arming,and equipping those troopsforfive months.
After I came to Congress, the chairman of the
Military Committee will recollect that a bill was
passed allowing ten thousand tloops, that we weie
then raising underan oidinance of the convention,
to be mustered into the service of the United States
instead of remaining in the service of the State.
The Senator fmm Massachusetts will remember
that we had it before the Military Committee, and
that there was a committee of conference on the
subject. We have raised the ten thousand men,
and those men that the State i aised have been mus-
tered into the service of the United States. We
only ask pay back to the State of Missouri for the
amount of money expended while they were act-
ing as State troops, under the authority of the
Federal commanders in that department.
Now, the Senator from Kentucky offers n prop-
osition connected with theallowing to the Federal
troops in his State of pay to which they may bo
entitled under the laws of the United States. It
is altogether a different subject, and I hope he will
not insist upon it, and desire to have it appended
to this bill. The bill is one which it is very much
desired to have passed at once. There is some
objection now to a bill that was passed at the early
pait of the session, allowing payment under the
Fedeial laws to what were termed home guards.
That is a matter which has nothing to do with
the bill undrrconsideration,and I hope very much
that the Senator from Kentucky will not insist
upon it, because a resolution has been recently
passed to investigate that matter, and there is some
objection to it in the minds of Senators; and I fear
very much that if he insists on appending an
amendment of that sort, it will jeopard the pas-
sage of the bill, which is very much desired by
the people of my State.
In the present exigencies of the Government I
would not ask that a single dollar be paid back
to the people of Missouri, unless it were as a
mere set-off against the diiect tax which is im-
posed upon us by the revenue laws of Congress.
We are compelled to raise about seven hundred
thousand dollars to meet the direct tax. Senators
know the condition of the people of Missouri at
piesent. We are unable to pay that direct tax,
and were it not for that, I would not ask to have
it set off. 1 would wait until the Government was
in a better condition to pay back to the State than
it now is; but my people are unable to pay the
tax; we have been run over by the armies ofthe
rebels again and again. I believe it utterly im-
possible for the people to pay it, and therefore I
hope this bill will be left unincumbered and
passed, and that our people will be allowed pay
for what they have actually expended in suppress-
ing this rebellion.
Mr. DAVIS. The subject of the amendment
which I have offered is entirely germane to the
bill that is under consideration, anu instead of im-
peding or obstructing the passage of the bill, I
think it will add to its strength and more certainly
insure ks passage; and I suppose of the question
of its passage there is no reasonable doubt. I will ,
merely explain in a moment the object of my
amendment.
For the protection of our State we formed home
