1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
This ordinance legalized in the national capital the
revolting slave trade which had dishonored the
District of Columbia from the day Jt had been
selected as the seat of Federal Government. The
grand jary of Alexandria as early as 1802had pre-
sented these " dealers in the persons of our fellow-
men, whoexposed their victims loaded with chains
in the public streets." In 1816, Judge Morel], of
the circuit court of the United States, in his charge
to the grand jury, declared that " the frequency
with which the streets of the city had been crowded
will) manacled captives, sometimes on the Sab-
bath, could not fail to shock the feelings of all
humane persons." John Randolph, in the same
year denounced this traffic in slaves " as inhuman
and illegal." The Alexandria Gazette, in 1837,
denounced this "traffic which filled the streets
not unfrequently by men, women, and children,
handcuffed and chained together." In 1828, more
than one thousand of the citizens of the District
of Columbia implored Congress " to suppress a
traffic disgracing and demoralizing in its effects;"
and in 1829, the grand jury of Washington made
a communication to Congress in which they de-
clared that" the whole community would be grat-
ified by the interference of Congress for the sup-
pression of these receptacles and the exclusion of
this disgusting traffic from the District." The
Washington Spectator, in 1830, indignantly de-
nounced the "processions so often seen in the
streets of Washington, of human beings hand-
cuffed in pairs or chained in couples," wending
their way to the slave ships winch were to bear
them to the distant South. Yet this traffic, de-
nounced by judges and grand jurors, citizens and
presses, was legalized in 1831 by the corporation
of the city of Washington; and Williams, Birch,
Ncal, Kepliart, Richards, Franklin, and Amfield
polluted the capital of the nation with this brutal-
izing traffic, tinder the sanction of law, until it was
made illegal by the legislation of 1851).
The corporation of the city of Washington,
from 1829 to 184.1, enacted cruel and brutal laws
for the punishment of slaves within the limits of
the city. I quote from these brutal and bloody
laws these enactments:
" If a slave; break a street Limp, lie shall be punished by
whipping on the bare buck.1'
it any Mavo ties? a hoiso to any of the hoes on any of
the public grounds in the city of Washington, ho shall be
punched by whipping on tho bare back."
'* J i any t-lavo willfully injures any dwelling hou^c. oi any
of the appendages thereof, ho or she shall l>e puni.-hert by
whipping on his oi hot baie back,not exceedingthnty-nine
firipi* "
k< Any -dave offending agam^t any of tho l,nv-< n>Lnil.itm<r
the public market^, .shall be punished with not less than
five noi mote than twenty lashe> on iu^ <>i her ban; back."
il If any s-Iave fets on the in any open ground oi lot any
straw or sh.n int's, between the M'ttin<rand theiismgol the
sua, whereby a lah*e alarm of fire may be eieated, he shall
hi; whipped, not exceeding thui^-iuue laches.
c{ it'any slave s«>N oil* nnj lire crackeis, within one hun-
dred yards ol any dwelling house, he shall bo punished by
whipping, not exceeding thirty-nine stripes.'5
Do Senators believe that there can be found in
the laws and ordinances of any Chiistian nation
on the globe enactments so brutal, degiadmg, in-
human, indecent ? it is time these bloody statutes
for lashing men and lashing women should be
obliterated fioui the laws and ordinances of the
capital city of the Republic.
The acts of Congress of March 3, 1805, and
March 3, 1809, confirmed to the corporation of
Georgetown all the rights, powers, and privileges
theretofore granted to the corporation by the Gen-
eral Assembly of Maryland, among which was
the power to " pass, make, and ordain all laws
necessary to take up, fine, imprison, or punish
any and all vagrants, loose and disoiderly per-
sons, free negroes, and persons having no visible
means of support. " Under this authority of Con-
gress the corporation of Geoigetown enacted that
every free black or mulatto person who should
come to Georgetown to reside should exhibit to
the mayor satisfactory evidence of fioedom, and
enter into bonds for good conduct. On the 23d
of August, 1845, the corporation of Geoigetown
passed an ordinance prohibiting, under the pen-
alty of thirty-nine lashes for slaves and thirty
days' imprisonment for free colored persons, all
assemblages by day or night of black or colored
peisons, except religious meetings, conducted by
white men and terminated before half pnst nine
o'clock at night. From 1827 to 1845, while sla-
very in America was in the zenith of its power,
the corporation of the city of Georgetown passed
many ordinances hardly less brutal, degrading,
and indecent than the statutes of the metropolis
of the Republic. These colonial statutes of Mary-
land, reaffirmed by Congress in 1801, these ordi-
nances of Washington and Georgetown, sanc-
tioned in advance by the authority of the Federal
Government, stand this day unrepealed. Such
laws and ordinances should not be permitted
longer to insult the reason, pervert the moral sense,
or offend the taste of the people of America. Any
people mindful of the decencies of life would not
longer permit such enactments to linger before the
eye of civilized man. Slavery is the prolific mother
of those monstrous enactments. Bid slavery dis-
appear from tho District of Columbia, and it will
take along with it this whole brood of brutal, vul-
gar, and indecent statutes.
In spite, however, of these oppressive and cruel
enactments which have pressed with merciless
force upon the black race, bond and free, slavery,
for more than half a century has grown weaker,
and the free colored stronger, at every decade.
Within the last half century, the free colored pop-
ulation of the District of Columbia has increased
from four to twelve thousand. In spite of the de-
grading influences of oppressive statutes, and a
perverted public sentiment, this free colored pop-
ulation, as it has increased in numbers has in-
creased also in property, in churches, schools, and
all the means of social, intellectual, and moral de-
velopment. This despised race, upon which we
are wont to look down with emotions of pity if
not of con tempt or of hate, are industrious and law-
abiding, loyal to the Government and its institu-
tions. To-day the free coloied men of the Dis-
trict of Columbia possess hundreds of thousands
of dollars of property, the fruits of years of hon-
est toil; they have twelve churches, costing some
seventy-five thousand dollars, and eight schools
for the instruction of their children. They are
compelled to pay for the support of public schools
for the instiuction of the white children from
which their own children are excluded by law,
custom, and public opinion. Some of these free
colored men are distinguished for intelligence,
business capacity, and the virtues that grace and
adorn men of every race. Some of these men have
in possession considerable property, real and per-
sonal. If Senators will go to the office of this city
where deeds are recorded, they will find there re-
corded a mortgage deed, dated the 30th of January,
1853, in favor of Alfred Lee, a colored man of
tins District, to secure a debt of $12,000, signed
by two Senators of the United States, and their
wives. One of those Senators, signinga mortgage
deed to secure to a colored man of this District a
loan of «$J2,000,is amemberof theSenate to-day,
the othrrnow sleeps on the shores of Lake Michi-
gan, in the cily and State of his adoption.
This bill proposes to strike the chains from the
limbs of three thousand bondmen in the District
of Columbia, to erase the word "slave" from
their foreheads, to convert them from personal
chattels into free men,toliftthem from the degra-
dation of personal servitude to the dignity and re-
sponsibilities of manhood, to place them m the
ranks of free colored men, to perform with them
the duties and beni with them the responsibilities
of life. This bill, if it shall become law, will sim-
ply take three thousand men from humiliating and
degrading servitude and add them to the twelve
thousand free colored men of this District, to be
absorbed in that mass of industrious and law-
abiding population. The passage of this bill by
the Congress of the United States will not, can-
not, disturb for a moment the peace, the order, the
security of society. Its passage will excite in the
bosoms of the enfranchised not wrath nor hatred
noi levenge, but love, joy, and gratitude. These
enfranchised bondmen will be welcomed by the
free colored population with bounding hearts,
thiobbing with gratitude to God for inspiring tho
nation with the justice and the courage to stuke
the chains from the limbs of their neighbors,
fiiends, relatives, brothers, and lifting from their
own shoulders the burdens imposed upon them
by the necessities, the passions, and the pride of
slaveholding society.
This bill, to give liberty to the bondman, deals
justly, ay, generously, by the master. The
American people, whose moral sense has been
outraged by slavery and the black codes enacted
in the interests of slaveiy in the District of Co-
lumbia, whose fame has been soiled and dimmed
by the deeds of cruelty perpetrated in their na-
tional capital, would stand justified in the forum
of nations if they should smite the fetter from the
bondman, regardless of the desires or interests of
the master. With generous magnanimity this
bill tenders compensation to the master out of the
earnings of the toiling freemen of America. In
the present condition of the country the proposed
compensation js full, ample, equitable.
But the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
raises his warning voice against the passage of
this measure of justice and bencficence. He as-
sumes to speak like one having authority. He is
positive, dogmatic, emphatic, and prophetic. He
repeatedly assured the Senate that he gave utter-
ance to what he knew, that his warnings and pre-
dictions were infallible prophecies. The Senator
predicted in excited, if not angry tones, that the
passage of this bill, giving freedom to three thou-
sand bondmen, will bring into this District beg-
gary and crime, that the " liberated negroes will
become a sore, a burden, and a charge;" that
they "will be criminals;" that" they will become
paupers;" that " they will be engaged in crimes
and petty misdemeanors;" that " they will be-
come a charge and a pest upon this society." The
Senator emphatically declared "1 know what I
talk about!" "I speak from what I know!"
Assured, confident, defiant, the Senator asserts
that "a negro's idea of freedom is freedom from
work;" that after they acquire their freedom
they become "lazy," "indolent," " thriftless,"
" worthless," " inefficient," " vicious," " vaga-
bonds."
The Senator from Kentucky, who speaks with
so much assurance, may have the right to speak
in those terms of emancipated slaves in Kentucky;
but he has no authority so to speak of the twelve
thousand free colored men of the District of Co-
lumbia. One sixth part of the population ofthis
Districtare free persons of color. Under the weight
of oppressive laws and a public opinion poisoned
by slavery, they have by their industry, their obe-
dience to law, their kindly charities to each other,
established a character above such leproaches as
the Senator from Kentucky applies to emancipated
bondmen. As a class, the free colored people of
this District are not worthless, vicious, thriftless,
indolent, vagabonds, criminals, paupers, nor are
they a charge and a pest upon this society. The
Senator from Kentucky, sir, has no right to apply
to them these disparaging epithets. Do they not
support themselves by their industry and thrift?
Do they not support their own churches ? Do
they not support their own schools? Do they not
also support schools for the education of white
children, from which their own arc excluded ? Do
they not care for their sick and their dying? Do
they not bury their dead free of public charge?
What right,then, has the Senator from Kentucky
to come into this Chamber and attempt to deter us
from executing this act of emancipation, by cast-
ing undeserved reproaches upon the free colored
population of the District? Their condition this
day demonstrates the utter ahsmdity of the doc-
trines and prophecies so oracularly announced by
the Senator from Kentucky.
But the Senator from Kentucky, upon this sim-
ple proposition to emancipate in the national cap-
ital three thousand bondmen,with compensation
to loyal masters, chooses to indulge in the vague
talk about " aggressive and destructive schemes,"
"unconstitutional policy," the " horrors of the
Frcnch Revolution," the " heroic struggle of the
peasants of La Vendee," and the "deadly re-
sistance" which the " whole white population of
the slaveholding States, men, women, and chil-
dren would make to unconstitutional encroach-
ments." Why, sir, does the Senator indulge in
such allusions ? Have not tho American people
the constitutional right to relieve themselves from
the guilt and shame of upholding slavery in their
national capital ? Would not the exercise of that
right be sanctioned by justice, humanity, and re-
ligion ? Docs the Senator suppose that we, the rep-
resentatives of American freemen, will cowardly
shrink from the performance of the duties of the
hour before these dogmatic avowals of what the
] men and the women of the slaveholding States
{ will do? Sir, I tell the Senator from Kentucky
; that the day has passed by in the Senate of the
j United States for intimidation, threat, or menace,
j from the chnmpions of slavery.
i 1 would remind the Senator from Kentucky that
