1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the people, whose representatives we are, now re-
alize in the storms of battle that slavery is, and
must ever be. the relentless and unappeasable en-
emy of free institutions in America, of the unity
and perpetuity of the Republic. Slavery—pervert-
ing the reason, blinding the conscience, extin-
guishing the patriotism of vast masses of its sup-
porters, plunged the nation into the fire and blood
of rebellion. The loyal people of America have
seen hundreds of thousands of brave men aban-
don their peaceful avocations, leave their quiet,
homes and their loved ones, and follow the flag of
their country to the field, to do a soldier's duties,
and fill, if need be, soldieis' graves, in defense of
their periled country; they have seen them fall
on fields of bloody strife beneath the folds of the
national flag; they have seen them suffering:, tor-
tured by wounds or disease, in camps and hos-
pitals; they have seen them return home maimed
by shot or shell, or bowed with disease; they
have looked with sorrowful-heai ts upon their
passing coffins, and gazed sadly upon their graves
among their kindred, 01 m the land of the stranger;
and they know—yes, sir, they know—thatslavcry
has caused all this blood, disease, agony, and
death. Realizing all this—a y, sir, knowing all this,
they are in no temper to listen to the threats or
menaces of apologists or defendeis of the wicked
and guilty criminal that now stands with uplifted
hand to strike a death blow to the national life.
While the brave and loyal men of the Republic
are facing its shotsand shells on the bloody fields,
their lepresentativcs will hardly quail before the
frowns and menaces of its champions in these
Chambers.
The Senator from Kentucky proposes by his
amendment to remove from the Disti ict, from the
United States, the persons emancipated under the
provisions of this bill. He tells us that, " when-
ever any power, constitutional or unconstitutional,
assumes the responsibility of liberating slaves
where slaves are numerous, they establish, as in-
exorably as fate, a conflict between the races that
will result in the exile or extermination of the one
race or the othei." " I know it! " exclaims the
Senator! How does the Senator know it5 In
what age and in what country has the ('mancipa-
tion of one race resulted m the extermination of
the one race or the other? In what chapter of the
history of the world is such exterminating war-
fare recoj ded ? Nearly a quarter of a century ago
England struck the chains from eight hundred
thousand of her West India bondmen. There has
been no conflict there between the races. Other
European nations have emancipated theit colonial
bondmen. No wars of races have grown out of
those deeds of emancipation. One sixth part of
the population of the District of Columbia are free
colored persons—emancipated slaves or the chil-
dren of emancipated slaves. The existence of this
numerous class of liberated slaves has not here
established, "as inexorably as fate," a conflict
between the races. More thau one sixth of the
population of Delaware are free colored persons—
emancipated slaves, or the descendants of eman-
cipated slaves. The existence in Delawaie of this
large class of emancipated slaves has not produced
a war of races. The people of Delaware have
never sought to hunt them like beasts and exterm-
inate them. One eighth of the population of
Maryland are free men of African descent. No
exterminating warfare of races rages on the soil
of Maryland. No, sir; no! Emancipation does
not inevitably lead to an exterminating war of
races. In our country, the enfranchisement of the
bondman has tended to elevate both races, and has
been productive of peace, order, and public secu-
rity. The doctrines so confidently proclaimed by
the Senator from Kentucky have no basis what-
ever to rest upon, either in reason or history.
The Senate, I am sure, will not close the chapters
of history which record the enfranchisement of
bondmen, nor will they ignore the results of their
own experience and observation, under the influ-
ence of the positive, impassioned, and emphatic
assertions of the Senator from Kentucky.
This bill, Mr. President,for the release of per-
sons held to service or labor in the District of
Columbia, and the compensation of loyal masters
from the Treasury of the United States, was pre-
pared after much icllection and some consultation
with others. The committees on the District of
Columbia m both Houses, to whom it was re-
ferred, have agreed to it, with a few amendments
calculated to carry out more completely its ori-
ginal purposes and provisions. I trust that the
bill, as it now stands, after the adoption of the
amendments proposed by the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] will speedily pass, without any
material modifications. If it shall become the law
of the land, it will blot out slavery forever from
the national capital, transform three thousand
personal chattels into freemen, obliterate oppres-
sive, odious, and hateful laws and ordinances,
which press with merciless forcc upon peisons,
bond or free, of African descent, and relieve the
nation from the icsponsibilitics now pressing
upon it. An act of beneficence like this will be
hailed and applauded by the nations, sanctified
by justice, humanity, and religion, by the ap-
proving voice of conscience, and by the blessing
of Him who bids us u break every yoke, undo
the heavy burden, and let the oppressed go free."
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I did not
design offering any remarks upon this bill, being
willing to trust to the greater experience of my
colleague to do justice to the cause of our State;
but I should not acquit myself of a high duty de-
volved upon me if 1 were to suffer this question
to pass from the Senate with a silent vote. My
colleague, from his long experience, is more fully
competent to discuss the legal questions involved
m the bill before the Senate. His indisposition,
however, renders it uncertain when he may be
able to take the floor; and in view of that consid-
eration, I will proceed to submit a few views of
my own upon this question.
I do not mean to detain the Senate in the vain at-
tempt to influence the conclusions to which I fear a
majority of this body have come in favor of this bill,
noi to attempt an argument to show the existence
of the right of property in slaves. Nor, sir, shall
I attempt to make an argument to show the- dan-
gerous consequences and unhappy results which
must flow fiom this and kindred measures now m
progress of adoption. These must be apparent to
every nght-minded and candid man, whose judg-
ment is not warped by prejudice or influenced by
party considerations. I shall content myself with
the simple purpose, in a very few words, of en-
tering the most solemn protest, in the name of my
State, against the adoption of this measure which
I have ever yet made as one of the representatives
of her sovereignty on this floor. The State of
Maryland is most deeply interested in the result
of this unhappy and unnatural war. All of her
prosperity, present and to come; all of her his-
torical renown in the past, connected with her
bloody struggles for this Union; all of her dignity
as a Slate, is involved in the policy by which this
contest is to be conducted and finally settled.
In one point of view she is more deeply inter-
ested in a just settlement of the great issues of this
contest than any other State. Iler geographical
position and small white population preclude the
possibility of a successful maintenance of or re-
sistance for any policy of her own against the
unsciupulous exercise of power by a majority of
northern States, which at any time might be used
to interfere with her local institutions or interests.
She has no reliance or hope except upon the full
enforcement of the pledged faith of the Constitu-
tion. The Constitution faithfully maintained is
all that Mary land demands. She asks for nothing
more than a just consideration of her rights as an
equal in the Government. Through her Senators
she has expressed her apprehension of the dangers
which must result " to the future general welfare
and domestic tranquillity "of the country from the
adoption of any policy of a sectional character.
Thiough her Legisiatuie she has stated her posi-
tion to the General Government m deliberate res-
olutions, one of winch <vads thus:
1. Rcsohc<U'r\\w\ the lo\altv of the people ofMaryland
to thcGeneral Government, established b\ the < "<institution,
H untouched hy an} shade of ^eiv ilit \, and they must e\ er
regaid with extiome ,jealou\\ ail attempts, from whatever
quaiter. to make the pi event w.u for the icsto ration of the
Union, the means ot niterJeisng with the domestic muni-
tion •* of the Htates, and the\ -oiemnly piotest against all
m'Ih ims the object or tendenc} ol winch i* to excite msui-
leetion among the Maves. declaring the same illegal, and
calculated, it put in piaeticc, to produce results loo horu-
liie io contemplate."1
Through her Union Governor, elected by thirty
thousand majority on the direct issue of Union
or disunion, the same sentiments have been ex-
pressed upon kindred measures bearing on the
subject of emancipation. I will take the liberty
of reading to the Senate the views of our Gov-
ernor, who was elected as an unconditional sup*-
porter of the Union, Upon the occasion of his,
inauguration at the seat of government of Mary-
land, alluding to measures which had been intro-
duced soon after this Congress met, he used this"
language:
" It Is not so much the fpar of any assistance that seees-y
sion is likely to receive from abroad, nor the aid and'com-,
fort which tieason at home may convey to it, as the possi-
bility of a treason far more potent for mischief, and which,
if not suppressed, is calculated to inflict upon the cause00
the Union the severest blow it has yet encountered; I re-
fer, of course, to that emancipation policy lately thrust so*
unexpectedly on popular attention.
" The early assurance given to the country by the Presi-
dent in his maugmal address That he had < no purpose <H-
leetly or indirectly to interfere with the institution of sla-
very in the States where it existed that'he had no lawful
right nor inclination to do so,' secured at once the confi-
dence of the people in the purity and patriotism of his in-
tentions. I rejoice to believe that tins confidence is stili
unshaken, and that his whole subsequent course has justly
confnmed us in the conviction that he means to conduct
tins war with the single purpose of preserving the nation.
Confess, too, by the resolution which they adopted with
such singular unanimity at the late exira session, added
immensely to the stiength of the Union cause by their un-
qualified assurance that the war should be confined to the.
legitimate purpose of maintaining the supremacy of the
Constitution and preserving the Union.
" It will be impossible toconvmccconservative men that
the proposed emancipation of the slaves in the seceded
States, by force of the Federal arms, has any other aim than
to make the success of these arms subservient to the pur-
poses of abolition ; and **o considered—if suffered to con-
trol to any extent the opeiations of the Army—it will be
equally impossible to avoid its blighting effects upon the
hopeful piospecta at piesent before us.
"The unanimity with which the northern people have
rallied around the Constitution, ready to sustain it by any
number of men and any amount of money, can no longer be
counted on when they see that the cauce to which these
efforts have been consecrated is to be perverted to the pur-
pose of apolitical faction ; while, in the South, on the other
hand, we must abandon at once the hope to which we
have hitherto confidently clung, of assistance from that la-
tent Union element, which undoubtedly there exists, and is
only awaiting a Federal power to set it free. But the power
that hbeiates it must be an unquestionable exercise of con-
stitutional authoiity; and the slightest manifestation of a
purpose to make that authority tubutary to the cause of abo-
lition would inevitably unite tlmt latent element at once
under the banner of secession."
Mr. President, through these various channels
the State of Maryland has given full expression
of her views upon this question of governmental
interference with slavery, while at the same time
she has expressed herdevotion to the Union, and
her firm purpose to maintain, uphold, and defend
the Constitution as it was originally made and
guarantied to the States. But, sir, if this bill
passes—of which I have now but little doubt—her
voice on this floor has commanded, I fear, but little
respect, and her solemn protests hut little consid-
eration. She is without the power to enforce ob-
ligations to a compact to which she has ever been
willing to stand faithful. I earnestly hope I may
be mistaken in the purposes and power of the ma-
jority to pass this measure; but if otherwise, then,
sir, it no longer remains to her, either by argu-
ment or protest, to obtain her rights as a sover-
eign State, or just consideration for her dignity
or interests as an equal in this Union under the
Constitution. To show that the faith of this Gov-
ernment has long been pledged to the States of
Maryland and Virginia not to interfere with sla-
very in this District, I will take the liberty of pre-
senting to the Senate the views of an able com-
mittee'of the House of Representatives presented
in 1836, a committee composed of distinguished
gentlemen from eveiy section of the country. I
desire to be allowed to read at some length from
this report, even at the expense of being consid-
ered tedious and somewhat prolix, for the reason
that I have seen nowhere an argument so conclu-
sive, so calm and well considered as that to which
I now refer, as well as of presenting the points of
this able report, made so long ago, to the view of
the people of Maryland. The committee was com-
posed of Mr. Pinckney of South Carolina, Mr.
f lamer of Ohio, Mr. Pieice of New Hampshire,
Mr. Hardin of Kentucky, Mr. Jarvis of Maine,
Mr. Owens ofGcorgia, Mr. Muhlenberg of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Dromgoole of Virginia, and Mr.
Turrill of New York. In their report they say:
"Do the great national object* which were intended to
be secured to the Federal Government by the cession of the
teriitory require such action on the paiiof Congress?"
" Can anv leasoti whatever be given for the abolition of
slavery in this paiticuiar District, which does not apply
with equal force to every other slave-holding section ol* the
eountty? (."an any cause be shown why the States of Ma-
ryland and Vngima would have abolished, or would now
abolish, slavery in this District, had it continued to foim a
