1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
value slavery above the Union, then they are not
loyal, and the attempt to make them so by con-
cessions will be vain. A conditional Union man
is no Union man at all. Loyalty must be abso-
lute. " If the Lord be God, serve him; but if
Baal, serve him." There can be no middle ground.
This, as I have said, is a war between the Gov-
ernment and slavery, and no man can really serve
these two masters at the same time.
To this dread of offending slavery must be
charged our loss of the sympathy and respect of
thecivilizcd world. We have no true battle-cry.
We are fighting only for the Union, and taking
pains to tell mankind that this does not mean
liberty. We are the champions of "law and
order," and by giving foreign nations to under-
stand that we are making common cause with
the rebels for slavery, or at least doing nothing
to oppose it, we justify Lord Russell m saying
that this is simply "a war for independence on
the part of the South, and for power on the part
of the North." On the other hand, by assuming
the attitude of revolutionists, the rebels appeal
successfully to the sympathy of the millions in
the Old World who love liberty, and whose zealous
espousal of our cause could be secured by writing
Freedom on our banner. Thus slavery murders
our cause at home and invites hostility from
abroad. According to Mr. Grattan, late British
consul at Boston, the demand for emancipation
by our Government " would ring in the cars of all
England like"an alarm bell, and stir the depths of
popular feeling with the fervor of the Reforma-
tion, or the fanaticism of the Crusades." This is
probably overstated, but is by no means wholly
wanting in truth. I believe it*Was Daniel Webster
who declared that public opinion is the mightiest
power on earth. Tins power, to-day, is against
us, through the timid and feeble policy wo have
pursued in dealing with the slave-breeders of the
South. England has insulted us, and we are still
in imminentperil of aforeign war, because slavery
has palsied the arm of the Government, allowed
it to utter no spirit-stirring word, balked the en-
thusiasm of the people, belittled the issue involved
in our struggle, and held in fatal inactivity for
months past our eager and brave soldiers, who
would have brought this rebellion to an end ere
to-day had they been permitted to march against
the enemy under competent commanders. The
Government, taking counsel of its fears, has not
dared to adopt a just policy, for fear of alienating
its own pretended friends. The mistake of swerv-
ing the whole management of the war from its
true course, in order to accommodate the equiv-
ocal loyalty of the border States, has brought the
country to the very brink of ruin. It prevented,
at first, the adoption of those bold and vigorous
measures which might have strangled the rebel-
lion before its birth, and is still protracting the
struggle and sporting with our opportunities of
success. Sir, our policy must be changed, radi-
cally and speedily, if we mean to be in earnest.
We must let the world know that this is not a
struggle for slavery m the border States, but for
liberty and republicanism, and^thus enlist the
millions in the Old World in our cause, by fight-
ing their battle as well as our own. If we fail to
do this, and continue to carry on the war on the
principle of "how not to do it,"our grand armies
will continue idle, our means of carrying on the
war will be exhausted, the spirit of the people
will at last give way, the power of the rebels will
inciease, foicign wars will be inevitable, and the
cause of free government throughout the world
will find a common grave with the institutions of
our fathers.
Mr. Chairman, the tune has come for us to deal
with the actual and stern facts of our condition.
We must cease to regard the rebels as misguided
men, whose infatuation is to be deplored, whilst
we still hope to bring them to their senses. We
must cease our attacks upon the strong pomt3 only
of the eiftsmy, whilst we fail to strike at the weak
ones, and madly hope to woo them bock to asense
of their folly and crime. We must abandon, en-
tirely, the delusion that rebels and outlaws have
any rights under tin.' Constitution, and deal with
them as rebels and outlaws. No men since the world
was made weie ever more in earnest. They hate
us supremely. The rattlesnake is the fitly chosen
symbol of their black confederacy. Their wrath is
a desolating fire. The felt consciousness that they
are m the wrong, and that we have for so many
long years been the victims of their injustice, ani-
mates them with the fury of devils. They despise
us all the more for every appeal we make to their
sense of justice and fair play. They regard our
free labor and free institutions with unutterable
abhorrence. If they had the power they would
exterminate us from the face of the earth. They
have turned loose to prey upon the Republic the
transmitted vices and diabolisms of two hundred
years, and sooner than fail in their struggle they
would light up heaven itself with the red glare
of the pit, and convert the earth into a carnival
of devils. They have a mighty army, led by some
of the ablest commanders in the world, and nerved
for bloody deeds by ail the power of desperation.
Sir, in such a contest we can spare no possible
advantage. We want 110 war "conducted on
peace pi inciples." Every weapon within our rcach
must be grasped. Every arrow in our quiver must
be sped towards the heart of a rebel. Every ob-
stacle in the path of our conquering hosts must
be trodden down. War means ruin, destruction,
death—and loyal slaveholders, and loyal' non-
slaveholders must stand out of the way, in this tre-
mendous encounter with the assassins of liberty
and free government. All tenderness toward such a
foe is treason to our cause,murder to our people,
faithlessness to the grandest and holiest trust ever
committed to a free people. The policy for which
I plead, sooner or later, must be adopted, if the
rebels are to be mastered, and every delay puts
in peril the precious interests for which we fight.
Let us act at once, putting forth all our power.
Let the war be made just as terrific to the rebels
as possible, consistently with the laws of war.
This will be at once a woik of mercy, and the
surest means of our triumph. Let us not mock
the Almighty by waiting till we are forced by
needless calamities to do what should be done at
once, as the dictate alike of humanity and policy;
for it may happen, when this rebellion shall have
hung crape on one hundred thousand doors m the
free States, that a ruined country will taunt us
with the victory which might have been ours, and
leave us only the poor consolation of bitter and
unavailing-regrets.
Mr. Chairman, the sweeping policy I would
have the Government adopt towards slavery, will
be objected to on the ground of its injustice to-
wuids the loyal slaveholdcis of the South. To
this objection I have several replies to make.
In the first place, I would pay to every loyal
slave claimant, on due proof of loyalty, the fairly
assessed \alue of his slaves. I would not do this
as compensation, for no man should receive pay for
lobbing another of his earnings, and plundering
him of his humanity; but as a means of facilita-
ting a settlement of our troubles, and securing a
lasting peace, I would tax the public Treasuiy to
this extent. From the beginning, slavery has
been an immense pecuniary burden, and we can
well afford to pay the amount which this policy
would impose, for the sake of getting rid of that
burden foiever.
In the next place, I reply that the total extirpa-
tion of slavery will be our only security against
future trouble and discord. By any sacrifice, and
by all possible means, should we now guard against
a repetition of the scenes through which we have
been called to pass. If wc will heed the lessoin
of experience, we cannot go astray. Our fathers
were very sure they had opened a vein that would
speedily bleed slavery to death; but this rebellion
is upon us as the bloody witness of their mis-
take. Shall we not ptofit by the lesson ? It may
be that, if the slaves of rebels are set free, slavery
itself will fall. I do not believe it. The asser-
tion has neither fact nor philosophy to sustain
it. JNo man, at any rate, knows it to be true: and
for this reason, having now the power, we should
foreordain the blessed fact which else may nevei
come to pass. We have no right, ceitamly, to
expose the future glory and peace of our country
even to remote ha/aid, if we hold in oui hands
the power to prevent it.
I reply further: that, while loyal slaveholders
may dislike exceedingly to part with their slaves,
and still more to give up their cherished institu-
tion, yet the hardsnip of their case is not pecu- ;
' liar. This rebellion is placing heavy buiduns upon
, all loyal men. At whatever cost, and at all haz- ■
i ards, it must be put down. This is the piiuciple
1 on which wc must act. Accordingly, the State
j which I, in part, represent, has not only done her
full share in the way of means -to carry on the
war, but has placed in the field one twentieth part
of her entire population. She will be ready to
make still further sacrifices when they shall be de-
manded. Neither our property nor the lives of
our people will be counted too precious for an offer-
ing. If loyal slaveholders are as patriotic as loyal
non-slaveholders, they will be equally ready .to
make sacrifices. Education and habit have wedded
them to the system of slavery, which, for three
quarters of a century, has been preying upon the
nation's life, and at last has ripened into the fruit-
age of civil war. They cannot demand of the
millions of non-slaveholders, North and South,
that this evil clemcntshall be continued. As loyal
men, they cannot ask us to sacrifice the greater to
the less, but in order to save the ship of State,
should agree that slavery shall be thrown into the
sea.
I reply finally, that if the war is to be conducted
on the policy of fully accommodating the wishes
of loyal slaveholders, that policy will be found
impracticable,and therefore need not be attempted.
Loyal slaveholders on this floor vote to give the
rebels the benefit of the fugitive slave act of 1850
in recapturing their slaves. They vote also that
our loyal soldiers shall volunteer as the slave-
hounds of rebels in the same villainous employ-
ment. Loyal slaveholders in both ends of this
Capitol oppose the emancipation of the slaves of
rebels,'and publicly declare that such a measure
would consolidate the people of the South as one
man against the Union. They do not conceal the
fact that they regard slavery as paramount to the
Union. Sir, I shall most certainly refuse to go
that length. On the contrary, the duty I learn
from the position of these men is that of demol-
ishing cvciy vestige of slavery in the land. Since
I cannot possibly accommodate them, a'nd must
give offense, 1 prefer to divide with them on prin-
ciple, and extriente my conscience and self-respect
entirely from the thraldom of a false position. I
do not stop to inquire how many will agree with
me, because I am not willing " to put duty to the
vote;" and while I am ready to support any meas-
ure giving freedom only to the slaves of rebels, I
must not fail to stand by my own convictions,
while leaving the wisdom or the folly of my posi-
tion to be tried by the ordeal of time.
I must not conclude, Mr. Chairman, without
noticing a farther ob jection to the policy for which
I contend. I refer to the alleged danger of'this
policy, and the disposition of the slaves after they
shall be free. This objection, like the one just
considcied, invites several answers.
First,#if I am right in dealing with the rebellion
as the child of slavery, and in arguing that the
salvation of the Republic demands its overthrow,
then my position is fully sustained. It will not
do to talk about consequences, for no possible
consequencesofemancipationcould be worse than
destroying the Government and subverting our
free institutions. Do you ask meif I would " turn
the slaves loose'" 1 reply, that this rebellion,
threatening to desolate our land with the grandest
assemblage of horrors ever witnessed on earth, is
not theconsequenceof " turning the slaves loose,"
but of holding them in chains. Do you ask me
what I would do with these liberated millions' 1
answer by asking what they will do wilh us if
we insist on keeping them in bondage? Do you
tell me that if the slaves are set free they will rise
against their former masters, and pillage and lay
waste the South ? I answer, that (ill that, should
it happen, would be far less deplorable than a
struggle like this, involving the existence of a Ace
nation of thirty millions of people, and the hope
of the civilized world. If, therefore, our policy is
to be determined by the question of consequence's,
the argument is cleaily 011 the side of univeisal
freedom.
I leply, in the second place, that emancipation
will be wise, safe, and profitable, to both master
and slave. In this assertion 1 am sustained by
oil history and experience relating to the question.
Most triumphantly can I refer to the case of the
British West Indies. There, by an act of legis-
lation , neaily a million of sia\es within tlios" nar-
row inlands, and greatly outnumbering the white
prtpul irion, wore in an instant made ftee. N"o act
of violence followed. No white man suffered in
person 01 estate by reason of emancipation. In
the island of Jamaica thirty insiurections occurred
in the century which piecedcd emancipation, but
