THE eOHORSSSIONAL GLOBE,
3273
guards.all over Kentucky, and had them armed
as best we could. Some of the military officers
of the General Government made requisitions for
companies of these home guards for different mil-
itary expeditions, not however to any considera-
ble amount. The home guards responded to the
orders and marched, and did such service and for
such length of time as the military commanders
required of them. In the battle of Wild Cat there
were some three or four companies of home guartis
in that portion of the State who were called upon
by the Federal commander to march to Wild Cat
and to assist in the defense of that encampment.
They did so; they were not gone more than fifteen
or twenty or thirty days. All they ask is payment
according to the rates which are given to officers
and soldiers such as they were for their compen-
sation. When Louisville was threatened by an
irruption of General Buckner, there were about a
thousand home guards moved from there down
below Elizabethtown to intercept General Buck-
ner in his threatened movement upon Louisville,
and they were gone some twenty or thirty days.
All these men ask is that they shall receive pay
for the actual time that they rendered service under
the requisition of a commander of the United
States troops. Recently, within the last three or
four months, stores were taken from Cincinnati to
Lexington by railroad, and from there they were
moved along the road about a hundred miles to
the camp near Barboursville, in the neighborhood
of the Cumberland mountain. There was not a
United States force in that region of the State su£
ficientto guard them, and the officer that had com-
mand of those supplies summoned the home guards
in the neighborhood through which this cavalcade
of supplies was passing, to guard them. They
moved and guarded them, marched a hundred
miles, and were gone fifteen or twenty days. All
they askispay forthatservice. The wholeamount
of pay thus duo to these troops would not exceed
twenty or thirty thousand dollars. They are poor
men, men in humble life, mechanics and young
men who need the money, and I trust the Senate
will adopt the amendment I have proposed.
Mr. POWELL. 1 very much hope that this
amendment may be adopted. It certainly cannot
jeopard in any way, in my judgment, the pas-
sage of the bill of the Senator from Missouri. I
really think it will help its passage. This is a
claim which the people of Kentucky, who ren-
dered service in this war, are very anxious to have
passed, and as my colleague has so fully stated the
case, I think it unnecessary for me to detain the
Senate. I will only say that I am very confident
it will aid the passage of the bill of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weic ordeied.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
amendment read again, i did not hear it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlni, be it further cnactcd, That the provisions of an aet
entitled '-An act to secinc to the officers and men actually
employed in the Western department 01 department of Mis-
souri, then pay, bounty, and pension," approved March 2.5,
1852, ate hereby extended and made applicable to the offi-
cer* and men employed in any other militaiy depaitment
of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that that will not
be adopted. It is general; it may lead to immense
frauds; and it ought not to be passed without more
information. The Senate will recollect when we
passed the original bill referred to in the amend-
ment, what statements were made. It was repre-
sented, and we had the statement of the Governor
of Missomi m relation to that matter, that there
were only about twenty-fiv'e hundied troops m the
whole to be affected by it. It was confined to Mis-
souri. I objected to it strenuously; but finally
having it peifcctly guarded, as it was said, so
that it could not be abused, I submitted to hav-
ing it passed. Such bills had always been found
excessively dangerous; and the fiist intelligence
we had after we passed that hill was that under
it there was danger of claims to the amount of
$3,000,000 coming in. This amendmentcxtends
that bill all over Flic United Slates, everywhere.
The Senator says it will take only about thirty
thousand dolkus for Kentucky. Why not putin
u limitation, " ptovided, that the whole sum shall
not exceed §30.000?" and then we shall know
what we are doing; but it is dangerous in the ex-
treme to pass these bills before we have the exact
amount ascertained, and know where the money
is going, to whom it is going, $nd under what cir-
cumstances it is going. The Treasury will be de-
pleted to an extent that there is no calculating, if
you pass bills of this description. I would not
ask For a bill of that kind applicable to my own
section, of country, or allow it to pass if I could
help it, such is the extreme danger of passing
bills in utter ignorance of what is to be the result
of them.
SEIZURE OF RAILROADS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The further
consideration of this bill is superseded by the spe-
cial order of the day, which is the bill (S. No. 384)
to amend the act calling forth the militia to ex-
ecute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tions, and repel invasions, approved February 28,
1795. The amendment pending is the one moved
by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] and to
that amendment an amendment is offered by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Browning,J which is
the pending question.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
postpone the consideration of that bill in order to
take up a joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives, No. 39.
Mr. SAULSBURY. What is it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts moves to postpone the
special order, and all orders standing prior to the
measure indicated by him, with a view of proceed-
ing to the consideration of that resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Let it be rear!.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read for information by its title, that
the Senate may know what the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts is.
The Secretary. A joint resolution (H. R.
No. 39) to declare the meaning of " An act toau-
thoiize the Piesident of the United States in cer-
tain cases to take possession of railroads and tele-
graph lines, and for other purposes," approved
January 31,186-, and to repeal a pat t of said act.
Mr. TRUMECJLL. I should like to inquire
when that resolution was reported?
Mr. WILSON,ofMassachusetts. Fourmonths
ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 24th of
February, the Chair is informed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I want to
say a single word. I objected to the considera-
tion of a bill reported heie this morning, and the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] does not
seem to be satisfied since that objection. Sir, I
want to say that I withdraw that objection, and
he can get up his bill as soon as he pleases. I am
amazed at him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. HENDERSON. I sincerely hope the Sen-
ate will proceed with the bill which was under
consideration when the morning hour expired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
done without postponing the special order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion of that kind now pending. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to postpone the spe-
cial order, and all other orders standing prior to
the resolution indicated by him, winch would take
with it the bill of the Senator fiom Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a bill of some im-
portance, and I have been endeavoring to get the
floor for several mornings to take it up. I luive
yielded to gentlemen in my kindness. I have now
got it up, and I am in hopes the pending amend-
ment will be defeated and the bill passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to un-
derstand somethingabout that resolution. I want
to hear from the Senator from Massachusetts
something about it. What is it ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordering the joint resolution to a third read-
ing.
The joinf resolution was ordeied to a third read-
ing, and read the third time.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Unless I can get an
explanation of it, I want the yeas and nays on the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Thereisno
objection to making an explanation of it.  
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to hear it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Congress
sometime since passed a bill authorizing the Gov-
ernment to take possession of railroads, and to
aid in the construction of railroads where it was
necessary. It was thought that the provisions of
the bill were too unlimited, and the House ofRep-
resentatives immediately passed this resolution to
define it, and it has lain in the Senate until this
time. It is believed to be important that the joint
resolution should be passed m order to limit and
define that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator how long a railroad requires to be to be called
"an extended line?" How many miles?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 cannot tell
precisely. I do not think the bill was as closely
drawn as it ought to be; but this is a great restric-
tion upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think one hundred miles
would not be a very "extended line" in this coun-
try; and really it seems to me that this resolution
does not change the law in any particular. It
leaves the President to determine what is an "ex-
tended line1" of lailroad.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator would
look at the resolution, and see if he can suggest
anything to limit it.
Mr. SHERM A N. I would strike out the words
" of an extended line."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. HENDERSON. If I understand the reso-
lution, the purport of it is to repeal entirely the
act that was passed at the early part of the session.
I do not sec that any authority whatever would
bo given to the Piesident under this resolution to
build or complete, or even to extend a road one,
two, or ten miles, whatever might be the military
necessities for it. I might as well be fiank about
this matter. I heard the other day—I do not know
whether it was so or not; I have not had a word
with the President of the United States on the sub-
ject—that it was contemplated to build a road in
my State, or continue the southwest branch for
some forty or fifty miles across a mountainous
region of country, on which a great deal of grad-
ing has already been done. Whether that is so
or not, I do not know; 1 have not had a woid
with the President on the subject.
Mr. GUI MES, Was it to be built through the
mountains?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is through a portion
of the hilly countries on the road to Springfield.
I understand a part of the grading was done, and
the Army used the graded road. Some of the mil-
itary commandants in the West at an early pe-
riod lccommended very strenuously that the road
should be completed as far as Lebanon. I un-
derstand at one time the transportation for our
army from St. Louis to Springfield was so great
that it would have been amply sufficient to con-
struct the road every mile of the way to Spring-
field and save money to the Government. Whether
that is so or not I cannot tell. I wish Senators to
understand me. I am not extremely solicitous for
the building of this road. I am not now engaged in
attempting the construction of it. I did desire it
constructed because I thoughtat one time thatif this
railroad were constructed to Springfield the great
difficulty of holding Missouri against the rebel
hordes would be entirely overcome. I thought the
transportation of troops, munitions of war, and
subsistence from St. Louis would be so easy that
we should never have any more difficulty m se-
eming Missouri to the Union. I requested the
President to construct it for ten or twelve miles,
where the ties were lying along the side of the road,
and I understood at the time that it would save im-
mcnsly to the Government. However, I do not
want to put myself in the way of the passage of
this joint resolution, because I wish it distinctly
undeistood that unless it be the desire of those
having charge of military matters them, and unless
it be seen at once that it is to the great interest of
the Government itself, we m Missouri do not de-
sire to ask for that road. That is my position
about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a single
