1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2313
be estimated by the average of the market value of the like
goods, ware*, and merchandise, during the time when the
same would have bccomc liable to and chained with duty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment is proposed to this section. The next sec-
tion will be read by clauses.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 71. And be it further enacted, That from and after the
said 1st day of Mny, I860, upon the articles, goods, wares,
and merchandise hereinafter mentioned, which shall there-
after be produced and sold, or be manufactured or made
and sold or removed for consumption, or for dehveiy to
others than agents within the United States or Territories
thereof, there shall he levied, collected, and paid the fol-
lowing duties, to he paid by the producer or manufdcturei
thereof, that is to say:
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th c committee
propose to amend this part of the section by strik-
ing out " May," m the second line, and inserting
" July," which amendment will be made unless
objected to, to conform to other sections; and also
by inserting after" agents, "in the seventh line, the
words " of the manufacturer or producer."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of the sec-
tion, as follows:
On candles, of whatever material made, when valued
at above fiueen cent* a pound, five mills per pound ; when
valued above fitteen cents per pound, and notabove twenty-
five cents per pound, one centperpound; and when valued
above twenty five cents pet pound, one and a half cent per
pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to amend this item by striking out the
words " when valued at above fifteen cents per
pound, five nulls per pound; when valued above
fifteen cents per pound, and notabove twenty-five
cents per pound, one cent per pound; and when
valued above twenty-five cents pei pound, one and
a half cent per pound," and insetting " three per
cent, ad valorem;" so as to make it read, ,£ on
candles, of whatever material made, three per
cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On anthracite eoal, fifteen cents per ton ; on bituminous
coal, one eighth of one cent pei bushel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to amend by inserting the words " except
sucli as is known in the trade as pea coal;" so as
to read, "on anthracite coal, except such as is
known in the tiade as pea coal, fifteen cents per
ton."
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine the explanation of that. I shall
of course show my ignorance by making the in-
quiry, but I do not know precisely what is meant
FESSENDEN. The Senator cannot be
more ignorant on that subject than the committee
were before it was explained to them. The coal as
it is dug out is in large pieces generally, but there
is a great deal of it that is very fine, very small,
and they call it pea coal because the pieces are not
much biggei than a pea. They give it away to
anybody that will take it. It hardly pays for trans-
portation. They thought that under the clause as
it stood in the bill, they might be taxed for it, as
it was taken away from the place where they man-
ufacture it, if you choose to use that term. We
deemed it proper to make the exception.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another question I
wish to ask the Senator in this connection m re-
gard to the tax on bituminous coal, and that is
whether the amendment raises any question in
regard to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; it has no connection
with this exception.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On lard oil. tmiitard «e<?d oil, linseed oi!, and on all animal
or vegetable oils.not exempted nor provided foreNewheie,
whetfiei pure or adulteiated five cents pei gallon: Pro-
vided, That ted oil oi oleic acid, pioduced m the manufac-
ture of candle-, and iw<i as a matenai m the manufacture
of soap, paraffine, wiiaie and fi-h oil, shall becxempt lioni
tin?3 duty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose no amendment to this clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is my purpose to move
to reduce this tax; but as we are now acting upon
the amendments reported by the committee, I shall
defer it.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On illuminating, made of coat, wholly or m parr, or
any other material, when the product shall not he above
five hundred thou.-and cubic feet per month, five cents per
one thousand cubic feet; when the product shall be above
five hundred thousand and not exceeding five millions of
cubic feet per month, ten cents per one thousand cubic
j feet; when the product shall be above five millions and not
i exceeding fifteen millions of cubic feet per month, fifteen
cents per one thou-and cubic feet; when the product shall
j be above fifteen million** oi uibic l'eet per month, twenty
; ccnt.s per one thousand cubic leet, and the general average
; of the monthly product loi the year preceding the return
required by tins act shall legulate the rate ot duty herein
imposed ; and wheie any gas company shall not have been
in opeiation tor the year next preceding the return a*- afoie-
said, then the rate shall beiegulated upon the estimated
average ot the monthly pioduct: Piondcd, That the prod-
I net required to be returned by this act shall be understood
to be the product charged m the bills actually rendeied by
any gas company dm mg the month preceding the return,
and all gas companies are hereby authmizcd to add the
duty or "tax imposed bv this* act to the pi ice per thousand
1 cubic feet on gas sold, any limitation which may exist in 
the chattel of &atd companies or laws of any State to the
! eontimy notwithstanding* Providcdjurther, That all gas
furni-hed for lighting street lamps, and not measured, and
; all gas made for and used by any hotel, inn, tavern, and
private dwelling bouse, shall be subject to duty, and may
. be estimated; and if the letums in any case shall beunder-
j stated or underestimated, it shall be the duty of the assist-
i ant as«es«or of the distiict to increase the same as be Miall
deem just and proper: Jlnd provided fm I her, That coat tar
produced in the manufacture of illuminating gas, and the
product-: of the redistillation of coal tai thus pioduced, shall
be exempt from duty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
! tee propose to amend this paragraph by striking
out, in the thii ty-sixth, thirty-seventh, and thirty-
eighth linos, the words, "when the product shall
be above fifteen millions of cubic feet per month,
twenty cents per one thousand cubic feet."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment being
agreed to, the words in lines thirty-fourand thirty-
five," and not exceeding fifteen millions of cubic
feet per month," should be stricken out; other-
wise there would be no tax when it exceeded fif-
teen millions of cubic feet. It will then read:
When the pioduct -hall be above five millions, fifteen
cents pei one thousand cubic feet.
It now reads:
When the product shall be above five millions and not
exceeding fifteen millions of cubic feet per month, twenty
cents per one thou-and cubic feet.
I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
also propose to amend this paragraph by adding
to it the following proviso:
And provided further, That gas companies *o located a<?
to compete with each othei shall pay the rate imposed by
this act upon the company having the largest pi eduction.
Mi GR 1MES. I wish the Senator from Maine
would explain that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was inserted at the
request of a gentleman from Brooklyn, who was
rcmaiked by the committee as being among the
most intelligent men that appeared before us, and
particularly so because he made his speech in three
minutes, and said that was all there was of it, and
he would not detain the committee, and went out.
AVc were perfectly satisfied with his explanation.
Hi' says, for instance, that there are in the city
of Brooklyn two gas companies. One of them,
by its charter, is a company which covers a very
I extensive picceof ground,goes away out into the
suburbs and all about; so that it is comparatively
very expensive. It is the largest company. They
have a competing company, which confines itself
to the heart of the cny, where it has ali good cus-
tomer, and at very trifling expense. The icsult
would be that the company winch sells the most
would be exposed to ruinous competition in the
very best of its business, unless the others are
compelled to pay as much as they do, and we
thoflfeht it right in such a case that it should be so.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
On coal illuminating oil, refined, produced by the distil-
lation ot coal, asphalt urn. shah1, p.'at, petroleum, or lock
oil, and ali othei bituminous Mib-tance-. u-od for iske pur-
poses, ten c^nw per g ilIon . Provided, That such oil refine d
and piodue<'d by the distillation of coal exclusively shall
he subject to pay a fluty uf < iL'ht cento pei gallon, anything
in tins net to the cnnti.iry notwithstanding
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend this paragraph by adding
thereto the following:
And -pion.led fuithei, That distillers of coal oil <>hail be
subject io all the ptovi^ions of tins act, heieinhelore set
loitii and specified, apphcablt to disiillcis of spiutuou-* li-
quors, witn regatd to licenses, bonds,returns and all other
provisions designed for the purpose of ascertaining the
quantity dibtilled, and securing the payment of duties, so
far as the same may, in tlie judgment of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and under regulations prescribed by,
him, be necessary for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
On spirits rectified, mixed with other liquors ormate-
nais, oi prepared in any way to be sold as whisky, fifteen
cents per gallon; to bp sold as brandy, rum, gin, wine, or
by any other name, not otherwise provided for, thirty cents
per gallon, on the basis of first proof, and so on in propor-
tion for any greater strength than the strength of first proof.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to strike out that paragraph.
Mr. GRIMES. I am in the pursuit of knowl-
edge under difficulties, and I should like the Sen-
ator from Maine to explain the reason why this
is to be struck out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no disposition
on thepartofthe committee not to imposeas heavy
burdens on rectified spirits as possible; but there
is a practical difficulty with reference to the whole
thing. The Committee of Ways and Means of
the House ofRepresentatives, as I understand, re-
poited a duty of five cents a gallon on all rectified
spirits; but the House put in this clause in the
shape in which it is now With the design to tax:
heavily, and on the idea that it would not affect the
quantity drank in any way. The difficulty is that
the rectifying business can be done by anybody
at a very trifling expense. It only requires to set
up a barrel in the corner of a garret or room, and
put in some charcoal in the proper way, and pour
in the whisky, and it gets through rectified; so
that any man may be a rectifier that chooses to
bo, and any man who wants to carry on the busi-
ness of retailing liquor, as it was explained to us,
may do it with perfect ease, and it would be im-
possible in any shape or form to ascertain the fact.
The icsult would be, as we are told by rectifiers
who have large establishments and carry on the
business on a large scale, their establishments
would be bioken down, the rectifying would be
done secretly, and the Government obtain noth-
ing. They say the business as now carried on
would be put a stop to, a worse liquor would be
made, and nothing would be gained by the Gov-
ernment. That is the argument. We became con-
vinced that to a certain extent that was true; and
with a view to reach the rectifiers we made a
change which has already been under discussion
by which they are obliged to pay a very heavy
license duty.
I will say still further, 1 am satisfied myself—
it is onlymy opinion—that a duty such as was
put on by the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives of five cents a gallon could be .put oil
to the rectifiers without producing the effect that
they suggest with regard to the tax in this clause.
The ground on which it was put so low was be-
cause of the much greater facilities for rectifying,
the greater cheapness with which it could be done,
and perhaps the very character of the article m
these large establishments; that the difference of
five cents a gallon would not more than make them
equal, carrying on the business as they would
under such circumstances, with the difficulties
that i have spoken of; and that that would not
make a material difference. That, however, was
only my opinion. The majority of the commit-
tee were of a contrary opinion, and therefore it
was struck out altogether, rather with a view that
the Senate should act as they saw fit with refeiencc
to it.
Mr. GPJMES. All that applies very well and
appropriately so far the fiist partof this clause is
concerned; but I wish to inquire why the taxis
struck off these rectified spirits when they are
manufactured into Boston burnt brandy, rum, gin,
and wine?
Mr. FESSENDEN". It is all done in the same
way, simply by adding a little extract that any
body can buy.
Mr. SHERMAN. It costs from one to three
cents nor gallon to manufacture it into whisky,
o-in, rum, or anything the Senator might desire.
° Mr.GRIMES. Exactly: and it is sold at from
seventy-jive cents to a dollar a gallon.
Mr. SHERMAN. But we cannot reach it.
They can carry on the process of rectifying in the
little back room of any groeei y just as well as they
can in a large rectifying establishment, if you
could reach it, it would be the very thing to tax,
but it was shown to be practically impossible to
reach it. They will avoid the tax in that way.
