2314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
striking out the clause that has been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
On ground coffee, and all preparations of which coffee
forms a part, or which is prepared for sale as a substitute
for coffee, three mills per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to strike out the words " three mills,"
and to insert " one cent."
Mr. HOWE. Since that amendment was
adopted in committee, I have had several com-
munications from different quarters in reference
to it, and one has just been referred to me this
morning by my colleague, from those who are
engaged in the manufacture of this ground coffec.
The representation is, that the effect of this high
tax, one cent per pound, making a discrimination
of one cent over the unground or green article,
will destroy the whole of it, that no man can carry
on the business and pay this duty. The profits
will not enable them to do it, and they will have
to abandon the business; and every man will grind
his own coffee, and consequently the Government
will get no revenue whatever. On the other hand,
their opinion is that a duty of three mills, as fixed
by the House, would not destroy the business,
and revenue would be obtained from it. Of course
I have no personal knowledge of this business. I
make these representations as they are made to
me, and I believe them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the time we made this
alteration it was said in the committee, and we
went upon the idea that has been suggested by
one of the Senators near me, that if it did break
up the business it would be of no sort of conse-
quence. Gentlemen, however, engaged in it have
since come in and explained the whole business.
It is perfectly manifest that it will not bear more
than the tax of three mills put on by the House,
and that this tax of one cent will entirely destroy
the business, and the result would be, not a gain
to the community, but every grocer would grind
his own coffee, and mix it up himself with other
articles, and the community would gain nothing
in that particular.
In addition to that, the committee became sat-
isfied—at least I did, and so I think did others—
that the business is not by any means an injurious
one, but is perfectly legitimate as it is cari icd on
at the present time. The dealers who have the
large business do not sell this for good coffee. If
there is any cheating done, it is done* by those
who do it on their own private account. Those
who have large establishments in the country do
it in a perfectly legitimate way. They sell a man
just what he wants to buy. They put into it
coffee, peas, beans, rye, chiccory, and I do not
know but some other articles. They guild these
articles up, prepare them, burn them, and have
them ready. If a man comes in, and wants to
buy pure coflee, there is a bin from which he can
buy pure coffee, and have it put up. If he wants
to buy a cheaper article, it is mixed with just such
articles as he likes, a quantity of coffee', a quan-
tity of chiccory, or a quantity of rye—all healthy
articles, perfectly so, but not equal to the Java or
Mocha which my friend from Iowa is accustomed
to drink, because all people cannot afford to pay
the price of that. The business, therefoie, in
our view, is not at all an injurious one, but is
perfectly legitimate; and we were not disposed
to put on a duty that would break up the busi-
ness.
Mr. DIXON. I am satisfied, from some ex-
amination of this subject, that this business of j
adulterating coffee, as it is called—the term is
used sometimes with regard to this as well as
other preparations—is not m fact a deleterious
one. The aiticle used for making this cheap !
ground coffce is mostly chiccory root, which is a '
species of dandelion, or somewhat similar to the
dandelion, and has the same effect, which wc all i
know to be, not only not lnjuuous, but actually |
beneficial, l believe that the article manufactured j
101 coffee is really more useful and more beneficial i
as an article of diet than coffee itself, or certainly 1
not so injurious. I believe, therefore, it is not a
business which ought to be discouraged. The ■!
article is sold for seven or eight cents retail. This !i
cheap production, which is now very much used '[
is made up of ryu, peas, mid this ehiceui y, and
is sold for seven or eight cents a pound. It is
now proposed to tax it one cent per pound. Any-
body can see that that is a tax which could not
be borne. If it is the intention and desire of the
Senate to break up a business which is supposed
to be an injurious business to the health of the
community, then the tax is a proper one, and will
produce the effect. But to my mind it is perfectly
clear that this mixture, or whatever it is called,
so far from being injurious, is actually a beneficial
compound.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt the Senator
knows exactly what these compounds are, as he
has explained them to us. They are oats, bar-
ley, peas, beans, chiccory, and dandelion root,
manufactured in the Senator's country. Take the
case that has been put by the Senator from Maine.
He says, if there is any adulteration, it is among
the small dealers, the small manufacturers; that
the large ones deal honestly; they give a man ex-
actly what lie wants. If he wants peas, they give
him ground peas, and a little sprinkling of coffee
in'it, but mark it " coffee." If he wants beans,
they give him ground beans, with some coffee, but
it goes out to the world with the label of the man-
ufacturerupon it marked 44 coffee." If they want
chiccory, it goes out in the same way. The man-
ufacturer is very honest; but is the:jobber who
sells it to the retailer equally honest; and is the
retailer equally honest when he sells it to the con-
sumer? The argument of the Senator, therefore,
it seems to me, is somewhat fallacious, if he in-
tended by it to have us brought to the conclusion
that nobody was injured by it or deceived by it,
unless he can trace it from the manufacturer to
the consumer.
I think if there is anything that ought to be
taxed, and taxed pretty heavily, it is these kind
of manufactures that hold out false pretenses to
the people. I should like to have the committee
adopt some process by which we could stop or
tax heavily the manufacture of brandy and gin. I
sympathize fully with the sentimentof the House
of Representatives, as expressed by Senators here
in their effort to devise some way by which that
kind of mixture should be checked, or if it must
continue to exist, that at any rate it should be
heavily taxed. Here is a case where we can tax
false pretenses. We all know, Senators admit on
all hands, it is not coffee. Gentlemen who rep-
resent States svhere it is manufactured admit it is
not coffec. It is peas and beans and diied pota-
toes and oats and barley and all sorts of earthly
compounds that can be gathered together, and that
is mixed with a little decoction of coffee, and sent
out to the world with the label of coffee on it, and
sold to consumers in that capacity. Now, sir, let
us tax this false pretense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is simply a question of
revenue,and that is the whole question. Wecan-
uot stop the tiling itself.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator admitted, I be-
lieve, that we would stop it, if wc should putthis
tax on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. GRIM ES. Did you not say it would stop
the manufacture ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Then there is no reason why
we should not put it on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will hear
me through, and not jump at the dog before he
has attacked the cow, perhaps wc can have an
explanation. We cannot stop the manufacture.
Why? Bccause if the large establishments upon
which we can lay our hands arc broken up, the
manufacture goes on, but it goes on in the shops
by grocers, by persons who can make money out
of it. They will make it just the same, precisely.
They can grind their chiccory and their peas and
theiroats, if you please, and their coffee, and mix
them; and you cannot put any duty on* it because
you cannot trace them. This business is now
; carried on in manufactories on a large scale, where
you can lay your hands on it, and get a good
revenue out of it. The question is whether you
shall lay so heavy a tax upon the manufactories
where it is carried on on a largo scale as to pre-
vent their competing with the shops where it is
done, and where you cannot trace it. In other !
words, the question is whether you will throw it j
where you can get no duty, or whether you will 1
let it remain as it i.s, and take the durv which you j
can get to a eonsideutble amount, i t being a mere I
question of revenue, we thought it best, as the
business would go on, to have something out ot
it, if we could get it.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Iowa speaks
of this manufactured article as u deceit upon the
public. With due deference to that Senator, I
think it is no such thing. The bill describes it.
It is a substitute for coffee. Everybody knows
that coffee cannot be had at eight cents a pound.
Nobody expects to obtain it at that price.
Mr. GRIMES. Why do they label and mark
it coffee?
Mr. DIXON. It is labeled coffee because
there is some coffee in it; byt the man who buys
it has sense enough to know that it is not coffee,
because he knows that he would have to pay
twenty or thirty cents a pound for coffee. It con-
tains a sufficient amount of coffee to be called cof-
fee, and there are a certain class of people at this
time, although the Senator may smile at the idea,
who are glad to get this article. They cannot
hope to obtain the genuine article at the price at
which this is sold; and it is made in order to sup-
ply that demand. The fact is, as I stated, that it
is not an injurious article. It contains enough
coffee to give it some appearance ofcoffee; but the
purchaser knows perfectly well that he is not
buying the most expensive article of coffee.
The question is, how much tax ought to be put
upon th is article ? As the Senator from Maine has
said, it is a mere question of revenue. It is not
our business at this time to attempt, if we could,
to break down this manufacture. We should
simply inquire how much tax that article will
bear. If it is not made in large establishments,
it will be made in small ones. It is true, as the
Senator intimated, that it is made in the State ot
Connecticut. There is u very large establishment
there, and I know the man who makes it, well.
He is a neighbor and friend of mine. He makes
an article which is perfectly harmless in its char-
acter, and an article which many people who can-
not now afford to buy the genuine article of coffee
are very glad to get. They find it perfectly harm-
less, and not only that, but useful and pleasant.
I am unwilling that so heavy a tax as one cent a
pound should be laid on an article which is sold
for eight cents a pound. It seems to me it would
be altogether too high.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, to strike out " three mills," and insert
" one cent."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. There was some misapprehen-
sion about the vote on that question, and I wish
to call the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; wc can take an-
other vote on it afterwards, if the Senator wishes.
Mr. GRIMES. I give notice, then, that I shall
do so. If I am not here, I hope the Senator will
act for me, and let us have a vote on the sub-
ject.
The Secretary to read the next items, as follows:
On ground pepper, ground mustard, ground pimento,
ground cloves, ground cassia, and ground ginger, aild all
mutations of the ^anie, one cent per pound.
On sugar, refined, whether lout', lump, granulated, or pul-
verized, two mills per pound.
On sugar, refined or made fiom molasses, sirup of mo-
lasses, iiK'lado or concentrated melado, two trulls p«* r pound.
On ail brown, muscovado, or clarified sugars produced
directly from the sugar cane, and not from the sorghum or
imphcti, other than those piodueed by the refiner, one cent
pei pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment being proposed to these items, the next will
be read.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On sugar candy and all confectionery, made wholly or in
part ot' sugar, two cents per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to amend this item by striking out the
words " two cents," and inserting " one cent."
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the word " sugar," in the
one hundiedth line, and inserting " three per cent.
ad valorem;" so that it will read:
On Mmar camh and all conlVclionory. made wholly or in
part ot , ihirt' per fent. ad talovci/i.
1 want to say a wotd upon this amendment. I
cannot help believing it is an amendment which
manifestly ought to be made, though it was dis-
cussed at considerable length in committee. My
reasons for this belief are these two: a great deal
