3274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
remark about that. So far as the power extends
of which theSenatorspeaks, when there Eire arm'ies
in the field in a particular section Of the country,
and it is necessary to do work of that kind merely
to facilitate military matters, it is understood that
the Government have just as much power to do
it as they have to lay down a corduroy road, as
they call it, or anything of that sort. All that ne-
cessary power they have. But this law was passed
giving extraordinary powerson this subject, more,
perhaps, than Congress were aware of at the time;
and on the idea that it might be carried much fur-
ther than the Government and Congress would
be willing to engage in it, this resolution was
passed by the House of Representatives. It is a
very proper one. I think it should, perhaps, be
maue a little more specific than it is. But even
supposing the original law were repealed—and
this resolution does not propose to repeal it—I
have no doubt of the power of the Government
in a case such as the Senator from Missouri speaks
of to exercise it, and 1 should defend us exercise.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 will state that 1 was
not in the Senate when the original bill was passed,
introduced, I think, by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade.]
Mr. CARLILE, I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out, in the eighth lino, after the
word "any," the word " such," and inserting the
words " line of;" and after the word " road," in
the same line, by striking out the words " of an
extended line;" and in line ten, by striking out
the word " extended" before the word " work."
The PRKSlL)EiSfT; -o tempore. The resolution
can be amended m this stage only by unanimous
consent; but it is in order to move to leconsider the
vote ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. I<'ESSENDEiN\ I move tu reconsider that
vote.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on I he amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, in line eight, after the word " any," to strike
out the word " such," and insert the words " line
of;" and after the word " road," to strike out the
words "of an extended line;" and in line ten, to
strike out the word " extended," befoie the woid
" work;" so that it will read:
Thnt till! net entitled "An act to authorize t!n> Pii-s-Ulmit
of lhe Uult'Mt plates in ei'rtain eu«es to tukc p.v-s-Ms-.inn of
inilioiuls and teli'gnipli limn, and for ntliei' piuposes," ;in-
pruved January 31, I8ia,i>liiill not be so umisnunl as to au-
thorise the t'onhu'iietioii 01'any nil!mails or tin1 completion
of any line of road, the punter pail of which remained un-
complete!) lit the time ol'ilie approval of wild act, or 10 cn-
^aye in [uiy woik ol taihoad eo!M,uietioii; mill *o mueliof
wild net 81 authorize'. Ihe rn«.iil'-lit Ol'ilie United Ktates to
extend and complete any railroad is hereby lepealeil.
Tito amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVI.S. When the hill aufhonV.ing (ho
President to take possession of the railroads m (ho
United States was passed, he was about to proceed
to complete two roads in the State of Kentucky,
commencing at a point at Danville, to intersect
a road in EasiTemiessee. The extent of the road
would have been about one hundred miles, and its
utmoHt cost would not have been §4,000,000. If
the President had proceeded to construct thut road
at the time he first determined to do so, the savm"-
to the Government of the United States in trans'
portation alone up to this time would have greatly
exceeded the cost of the construction of the road.
If this war is to be continued, and if the southern
States are to be subjugated and retained in the
Union, the most important military work that
could be constructed to that end would be the com-
pletion of that road from Danville to intersect the
road in East Tennessee. It would connect at that
point with the road leading to Louisville and with
another road leading to Cincinnati; and if the war
continues until next December, the cost of trans-
portation to the General Government alon«* the
line of the road would be saved twiceover by the
construction of the road. The completion of such
a road and putting it in operation would be the
most effective bridle that could be placed in the
mo Jili of seeessia. Tiiere never was a bit of any
power that was ever designed to break a young
horse that would have a more effective influence
m restraining the movements of that horse, than
this road if it was constructed would have upon
secession. I do not feel a great deal of interest
-ersonally in the matter; but I think the original
ill ought not to be interfered with, and that the
President oi the United States ought to have the
E1
discretion to construct that or any other road that
was partly finished, according to the provisions
of the original bill.
Mr. WADE. I had the honor to introduce the
original bill which is sought to be modified by this
resolution. It was subject to some criticism at the
time. I introduced that bill at the instance of the
Secretary of War, and made all the amendments
at his suggestion, without the least idea in the
world that the Administration had any particular
project of railroad making in view when the bill
was under consideration. I did suppose it would
be convenient for them to have this power where
there were lines of railroad—which, by making
some small additions, could be connected together,
thus saving an immense expense in transporta-
tion—to make these patches of road, and also to
complete some lines of road that were nearly com-
pleted, but had been suspended on account of the
war. It was intended as a war measure; nothing
more. Indeed? I did not believe then, nor do I
believe now, that it added anything to the power
of the Executive as a war measure. However, I
thought it was very well to regulate it by law,
rather than to leave it in the broad discietion of
theGovci nment,unregulated, and little understood
by the people or by us what the executive gov-
ernment might think they could or ought to do
under such circumstances. I have always be-
lieved that, where this immense residuum of power
resides, the representatives of the people, where
ever it can be regulated and controlled, ought to
take hold of it and regulate it, if necessary, where
it can be regulated; so that all may undetstand
alike what they are to do under the circumstances.
It was with that view that I introduced the bill.
By and by it began to be whispered about that
there was a provision in it authorizing the con-
struction of cortainexpensiveroads in Kentucky,
or somewhere else, for the purpose of transporta-
tion. Well, sir, that might be. I never had any in-
timation of it—not the least m the world. L had
no idea that there was any particular project of
railroading in contemplation by the Executive at
that time. If they had assured me that, under the
enormous powers of that bill, they intended to go
into an extensive railroad business, 1 should have
been very cautious in introducing a bill with such
enlarged powers as thutcontained; but as nothing
was said about it, and as it did not, m my judg-
ment, add anything; to the discretion of the Exec-
utive, I was veiw willing thut the bill should pass.
I think, however, the House of Representatives
arc right in limiting that discretion. It seems to
be too broad and unlnniti d in the bill, especially
as it is now intimated that they had in contempla-
tion to go on with expensive projectsof railroad-
ing that, pei haps, may not be entirely dictated as
a war measure. Such powers are very liable to
abuse evidently; because, although made for the
exigencies of the war, and perhaps a cheap in-
strumentality for that purpose at the time, after
the war is over they may be the greatestand most
beneficial internal improvements m the world for.
a State; and therefore, there are tocmnany persua-
sive powers addressed to your Executive to pei-
suade him that the necessities of the war require
that these railroads should be built. I am very
willing that that act should be modified. 1 think
it ought to be. I think this resolution a proper
one.
Mr. RICE. If the Senator will yield to mc
a moment, I should like to ask this question: if
this joint resolution should pass, could the Presi-
dent, without diffenngfrom Congress, construct a
railroad between Fredericksburg and Richmond?
There is no railroad there novv; and could lie
construct one, if this joint resolution should pass,
without doing it against the express wish of Con-
gress ? - Would it interfere with him in eases like
that?
Mr. WADE. I think this would be a great
obstacle in the way of the construction we give to
his power, should we pass the resolution, in mak-
ing a road to Richmond, i rather think if he wants
a military road to Richmond, unless there is the
most pressing emergency that it should be done,
he should ask Congress to give him the power.
Mr. RICE. In case Richmond should be taken,
as I hope it may be very soon, it would be a mat-
ter of necessity that the track should be relaid and
the bridges rebuilt between Fredericksburg and
Richmond. Would it be proper for Congress to
put the President m such a position that he must
do it against the express desire or wish of Con-
gress ?
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a road there.
Mr. PvICE. There is no road. It has been
destroyed.
Mr. COLLAMER. The road is there. They
have taken the rails off.
Mr. RICE. The ground is there.
Mr. COLLAMER. The grading Is all there.
TVlr. WADE. That refers to a distinct power
in the bill, I believe, to repair; and one head of
power in the bill was to repair roads that were out
of order. I do not intend by anything I have said
to cast any reflection on the Executive, or to in-
timate any distrust of the good faith in which they
would execute these powers. 1 do not believe
they ever meditated domg anything under the
powers of this bill that they had not a perfect right
to do. I do not believe they have ever entertained
any idea of doing anything but what was in the
plain scope of their power, even without the bill;
but there were some who suspected that they had
gieat uulroad projects in view. I do not believe
it now, and I never did believe it. I was willing,
and would be willing to-day, to invest the Gov-
ernment with power to make military roads where
ever they thought a military necessity existed for
them; but as the power is enormous, I am willing
that it should be limited.
Mr. RICE. I should like to offer an amend-
ment, to strike out all of line eight, line nine, and
jjown to the word *f act" in line ten, in these words:
Oi the completion of any line of load, tlic giratcr part of
which lem.uned uncompleted at the time ot the approval
of &aid act.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. 1 hope those words will
not be stricken out. It would leave power to fin-
ish any large road in the country.
Mr. HENDERSON. In reply to the question
asked by the Senator from Minnesota in reference
to the views of the President on this subject, I
desire to state simply this: at the time General
Curtis was at Springfield, a very short time pre-
vious to the battle of Pea Ridge, I called upon the
President in regard to this very matter, and at the
suggestion of some military officers. This reso-
lution had then been passed through the House
of Representatives and was pending in the Senate.
The President told me that he did not conceive
that, under the resolution, he had any power what-
ever, and in fact that it was a denial of his power
to construct any railroad, and 1 have said nothing
to him upon the subject since. 1 understood it
was the desire of the Senate to pass it, or that if
it was taken up it would be passed, and I said
nothing more in reference to it. I think it ought
to be limited, not in reference to any interest we
have in Missouri in that thing, because I do not
think it has been pressed upon the President at
all. I understood this resolution was introduced
in the House of Representatives in consequencc
of the contemplated construction of a road in Ken-
tucky. I should think, however, it would-be as
well to adopt a proviso that the President should
not be prohibited from the repair or construction
of short lines of road where the military necessi-
ties of the nation demand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota.
Mr. CARLILE. If the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Minnesota is adopted, it is
scarcely worth while to pass the resolution. It
leaves the President with all the power he had under
the law that has been enacted. The object of the
resolution is to restrain and to limit to some extent
the former action of Congress. Those who think
thataction should be limited, that it was too broad,
will of course vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to beengrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
CONFISCATION OP ItEBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make a report from
the committee of conference oirthc confiscation
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order of the day is before the Senate; but the report
of a committee of conference is a privileged ques-
tion and will set aside the special order for the time
being. The report will be read.
