1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
part of those States respectively, which would not have
Warranted or produced general abolition throughout those
States? Most unquestionably not."
I wisli the Senate and the country to bear in
mind that these views were expressed as early as
1836, before men's minds and opinions were
warped by sectional prejudices or by any violent
motives of partisanship. This report goes on
further to say:
" Your committee must go further, and express their full
conviction that any interference by Congress with the pri-
vate Interests or rights of the citizens of this District, with-
out their consent, would be a breach of the faith reposed
in the Federal Government by the States that made the ces-
sion, and as violent an infraction of private rights as it
would have been if those States themselves, supposing their
jurisdiction had remained unimpaired over their territory,
had abolished slavery within those portions of their re-
spective limits, and had continued its existence upon its
present basis in every other poition of them. And surely
there is no citizen in any quaiter of the country, who has
the smallest regaid for our laws and institutions, State and
national, or for equal justice, and an equality ot rights and
privileges among citizens entitled to it. who would attempt
to ju&tify such an outiage on the part of those States. The
question then is, are the citizens of the District desirous of
a change themselves ? Has any requestor movement been
made by them that would justity an interference with their
private rights on the part of Congress? None, whatever!"
That is the state of the case to-day. No such
application has yet been made to Congress.
"The citizens of the Distiict not only have not solicited
any action on the part of Congress, but it is well known
that they earnestly deprecate such notion, and legaid, with
abhorrence, the efforts that are made by others, who have
no interest whatever in the Distiict, to effect it. It is im-
possible, theiefore, that any such intei ference on the part
of Congress could be justified, or even palliated, on the
giound that it was sought ordesned by those who are alone
inteiested in the subject. IT, thciefo'ie, Congress were to
interfile with this description of piopeity against the con-
sent of (lie people of the District, your committee feci
bound to say that it would be as gross a breach of public
fiuth, and as outtageous an infiaction of piivate light*, as
it would have been if such interfeience had been commit-
ted by the States of which the District was foimerly a pait,
supposing that it nevei had been ceded to the United
.States." + *****
"Ilence your commutce believe they hove proved, be-
yond the power of contradiction, that an intciteieuee by
Congress with slavery in the District ot Columbia would
he a violation of the public faith—of the fatth reposed in
Congress by the States which ceded thcterritoiy to the Fed-
eral Government, so far as the rights and mtetcsts of those
citizens tending within the ceded terntoryaic concerned.
"Your committee will now consider "this proposition
with jeference to the inteiestsof the States of Maryland
and Virginia. They were Mavehoidtng States at the time
they made their cession, and theyaic so still. They en-
tirely sunound this IJMiiet, fioniwlneh theyaie only sep-
arated on all sides by imaginary line*. They made the ces-
sion foi the groat national object* which have been aheady
pointed out, and they made 'it fiom motives of pamotKm
alone, and without any compensation nom the Fedeial
Government for the surrender ol jiulsdietion over com-
manding positions in both States. The mii lender was made
for purpos.es deemed Mtfticientlv inipoitant by all the oiuri-
nal States to be piovided i'or in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; and it was made inconfonmi) with thatpio-
vision of the Constitution. It is suiely unnecessary altei
this statement of facts to undertake to show (hat those pa-
triotic State* made this cession tor purpose*, of good to the
.Union, and consequently to them.solvcs, and not for pur-
pose^ of evil to themselves, and consequently to the Union ;
and that the Government ot the United States accepted
the cession for the same good, and not lor evil puipo-.es.*'
"If, then, it can be demonstiated that the abolition of
slavery in the Distiict of Columbia would piodueo evil, and
not good, to the States that made the cc^unt, the conclu-
sion is inevitable that such an act on the part oi Congiess
would be a violation of the faith reposed m it by those
Slate*." * ********
" It only lemains under this head to show that Congiess
could not mterfeie with slaveiyinthe Dtsutct ol Columbia
without a violation of the public iaith in relet ence to the
slaveholdmg Slate* geneially, as well as to the States of
Virginia and Maryland. The piovismu in the Constitution
nutboi izing Congiess to accept the ce-sion of a territoiy for
a seat of the Federal Government, and to exercise exclu-
sive jutisdieiion over it, was as gcneinl and universal as
any othei piovision in that instiuuient. In its national ob-
jects ail the States were equally inteiested, and so tar as
there was any danger that the powers of local legislation
confeired on Con«ie?s might interieie with, or iniuriously
affect, the institutions of the vauous State-;, each State pos-
sessed an interest piopoi honed to the piohable danger to it-
self. As tar as your committee know or believe, howcvei,
no apprehension of an inteifereiice on the subject of do-
mestic slavery was ente; tamed in any quarter, or e\psessed
by any statesman of the daj. An examination o! the com-
mentality on the Constitution will «,how that vauous appte-
hensious were euteitaincd as to the powei-, lonfetredon
Congies* b> this clau-e, such a-' that privileged classes of
society might be created within the District; that a stand-
ing army, danyeious to the liberties of the countiy. might
be organized and sustained within it, and the like; but not
a suggestion can be tound that, under the local powei* to
be conteirod, any attempt would be made lo mterfeie with
the ptivate rights ot the citizens who might be embiaced
within the Distiiet, ot to distmb, or change, diieetlx, or In-
consequence, the municipal institutions ot the States?, oi
tint tin: cubiect of domestic slavery, as it existed in the
Stat* could be in any v. ay involved m the proposed ces-
sion, ' ««.>**>**
" Your committee have already shown that an inteifer-
eiice with slavery in the District of Columbia would involve
a violation of the public faith, as regaids the lights and in-
terests of the citizens theieof. They recui to this topic,
however, on account of its importance, and for the purpose
of putting it in another tight, and, as they consider, upon
unansweiable ground. They are avvaie that, under the
Constitution, Congress possesses "exclusive legislation'
over the aforesaid District; but the power of legislation
was given to be exercised for beneficial purposes only, and
cannot, therefore, be exercised, consistently with public
fatth, for any object that is at war with the great principles
upon which the Government itself is founded. The Con-
stitution, to be properly understood, must be taken as a
whole. Wherever a particular power is granted, the extent
to which it may be cariied can only be inferied from other
provisions by which it may be regulated or restrained. The
Constitution, while it confers upon Congress exclusive le-
gislation within this District, does not, and could not con-
fei unlimited or despotic authonty over it. It could confer
no power contrary to the fundamental principles of the Con-
stitution lHelf, and the essential and inalienable rights of
American citizens." * * * * * *
"The inhabitants of this District are a part of the people
of the United States. Every right and interest secuied by
the Constitution to the people of the States is equally se-
cured to the people of the District. Congress can, there-
fore, do no act. affecting property or person, in relation to
this Distiict, which it is prohibited to do in relation to the
citizens ot the States without a direct violation of the pub-
lic faith. For instance, it is a well-settled constitutional
principle that' piivate property shall not be taken for pub-
lic use without jun compensation.5 Now, the true mean-
ing of thi* piovision obviously if, that piivate property shall
be taken only for public use, but shall not be taken, even
then, without adequate lemuneiatiou. It is evident, how-
ever, in reference to slavery, either that the Government
would use the slaves or that it would not. If it would use
them, then they would not be emancipated; and it would
bean idle mockery to talk of the freedom of those who
would only cease to be piivate, to become public slaves.
If it would not use them, then how could it be said that
thev were taken foi the public use, consistently with the
provision just recited? But even if they could be taken
without reference to public use, they could not be taken
without just compensation. It is exceedingly questionable,
however, whetiiei Congiess could legally applv the public
revenue to such an object, even with the consent of the
owners of the slaves. As to emancipation without their
consent, and without just compensation, yom committee
will not stop to considei it. It could not heat examination.
Honor, humanity, policy, all forbid it. Itismanifest, then,
from all the considerations hetein *tated, (and there are
othcis equally forcible that might be uigetl,) that Congress
could not abolish slavery in the Distiict of Columbia with-
out a violation of the public faith.'' * * * *
" The Federal Government was the creation ol the States
of the Confederacy, and the great objects ol itscieation and
oiganization were 'to form a more perfectumon, establish
justice, insuie domestic tianquiliity, and piovide for the
common defense and geneial welfaie.'
" Apply these ptmciples, then, to an interference by Con-
gress with slaveiy in the District of Columbia. Sueh ac-
tion, to be politic, must be m accotdance with some one
of those gieat objects; and it will be the dut.\ o( the com-
mittee, in as concise a mannei a* possible, to show that it
would not be in accordance with either of them.
" Fust, then, as to the District itself.
" It has already been shown that any interfeience, un-
solicited by the inhabitants of the Distiict, cannot 'estab-
lish justice,' or promote the cause of justice within it, but
directly the reverse. No greatei degree of slaveiy exists
here now lhan did exist when the Constitution was adopted,
and thou the inhabitants of the District wete citizens of the
States of'Matyland and Virginia, and had a voice in the adop-
tion of that instalment. Suiel> theirsub cquent tiansferto
the jurisdiction of Congiess., made in conformity with that
Constitution, could not depiive them of the piotection to
which tiiey wcie entitled by these great leading principles of
it. On the comraiy, they had every right to expect that
Congress would ' establish justice,' as to them, in strict
compliance with the great charter under which it acted,
and by winch it i* foi bidden to intei fete with then* rights ot
private property without their consent, oi in any way to
affect injuriously their domestic institutions. Of tho«e
institutions, slaveiy was and i* the most important; and
any attempt on the paitot Congress, acting a* the local
Legi&latuie of the Distuct, to aboli&h it would not only be
impolitic, but an act of gross injustice and oppression."
" They have also shown that the abolition of slavery here,
so far from tending to < insure domestic tranquillity.'"would
have a duect tendency to produce domestic discord and
violence, and servile war. in all the slaveholdnnr States.
As these consequences, then, would follow such action in
reference to the States, v out committee need not ?av that,
instead of pioviding foi ' the common defence' by it, Con-
gress would be called upon 'to provide for the'common
delcnse' in consequence of it, and to an extent u Inch can-
not now be foreseen.*' * v * * *• >■
"The same provision which enjoins it on the Fedeial
Government to ' guaranty to each State a republican form
ofgovpnmient.and to aid and piotecteach State against do-
mestic violence,' evidently implies the corielative obliga-
tion to take no stepofwhich the direct and inevitable tend-
ency would be to overtlnow the State governments, and
to involve them in wide-spread scenes of misery and dc-'so
latum In one woid, if it be the duty of Congress, as it
most cleailv is, to suppo't and preserve the Constitution
and the Union, then it is manifest that it is bound to avoid
the adoption of any legislation which may lead to thcii de-
struction." **** + *-**
'• We have said that the scheme of general emancipation
is impracticable. The slightest reflection must satisfy
eveiy candid mind of the ttuth of this asseition.
"Admitting that the Fedeial Government has a right to
act upon this matter, which it oleatly has not, it certainly
never could achieve such an opeiation without full com-
pensation to the owners. And what would probably be the
amount required ? The aggregate value of all that species
of piopertv is not less pfobably than $400,000,000! And
how could" such an amount be laised ? Will the people of
this country ever consent to the imposition of oppiessive
taxes, that the proceeds may be applied to the puicimse of
slaves? The idea is preposteious; and not only that, but
it is susceptible of demonstration, that even if an annual
appiopriation of ,$10,000,000 were actually applied to the
purchase and transpoitation of slaves, the whole number
would not be sensibly diminished at the expiration of half
a centuiy, fiom the natural growth and multiplication of
the lace. Burden the Treasury as we might, it wouldstiil
be an endless expense, and an interminable work. And
this view of the subject suiely is sufficient of itself to prove,
that of all the schemes ever projected by fanaticism, the
idea of universal emancipation is the most visionary and
impracticable." x x *****
" Would it contribute to the wealth or grandeur or hap-
piness of our country On the contrary, would it not pio-
duce consequences directly the reverse ? Are not the slaves
unlit for freedom; notouously ignoiant, servile, and de-
praved? And would any rational man have them instan-
taneously tiansfoimed into freemen, with all the rights and
piivileces of American citizens? Are they capable ol un-
demanding the natuie of our Government, or exercising
judiciously a single political right or privilege ? Nay, would
they even be capable of earning their own livelihood or rear-
ing their families independently by theii own ingenuity and
industiy? What then would follow from their liberation,
but the most deplorable state of society with which any
civilized counltv was ever cursed ! How would vice and
immoiality and licentiousnessoverrun the land ! Ilow many
jails and penitentiailes, that now seldom hold a prisoner
would be ciowded to suffocation ! How many fertile fields,
that now yield icgular and abundant harvests, would lie un-
occupied and desolate \ How would the foreign eommercc
ot the South decline and disappear ! How many thousands
of seamen, of whom southern agriculture is the very life,
would be driven for suppoit to foreign countries ! And how
large a poition of the Fedeial revenue, derived from for-
eign commodities exchanged for southern products, would
be lost toiever to this Government! And, in addition to
all this, what would be the condition of southern society
were all the slaves emancipated ? Would the whites con-
sent that the blacks should be placed upon a full footing of
equality with them ? Unquestionably not! Either the one
class or the othoi would be forced to emigrate, and m either
case the whole legion of the South would be a scene of
poveity and rum. Or, what is still uioic piobable, the blacks
would evcij wheic be dtiven befoie the whites-, as the In-
dians have been, until they were extcimmated from the
caith. And surely Jt is unnecessary to lemaik that decay
and desolation could not break down the South without
pioducmg a eoiresponding depression upon the wealth and
entci prise of the northern States. And here let us ask, too,
what would be the condition of the non-slaveholdtng States
themselves, as regards the blacks? Are they prepaicd to re-
ceive myriads of negioes and place them upon an equality
with the fiee white laboiers and mechanics, who consti-
tute their pride and strength > Will the new States con-
sent that then territory shall be occupied by negroes instead
of the entcipii-in<r, intelligent, and pattioiic white popula-
tion, which is daily seeking then boidets fiom othci por-
tions of the Union ? Shall the yeomaniy of those States be
surrounded by thousands of such beings, and the white la-
boiei foiced into competition and association Willi them ?
Are they to enjoy the same civil and political puvilogc&as
the fiee white citizens of the Noith and West, and to be
admitted into the social circle as theirtiiends and compan-
ions ? Nothing less than all this will constitute peifectfree-
dom, and the puuciples now maintained by those who
advocate emancipation, would, if earned out, nocessaiily
pioduce this state of thing-! Yet, who believes that it
would be toleiated for a moment ? Already have laws been
passed in several of the non-slaveholdmg States to exclude
free blacks fiom a settlement within their limit--, and a pios-
pcct ofgeneial and immediate abolition would compel them,
in self-defense, to resoit to a system of measiuc.s much
more vigorous and effective than any which have yet been
adopted. Duven from the South, then, the blacks would
find no place oi lefugem the North, and as befoie tem.uked,
utter exteimination would be the piobuble, if not the in-
evitable fate of the whole race "Where is the citizen, then,
that can desiie such icsiilts ? Where the American who
can contemplate them w.tbout emotion : Where the abo-
litionist that will not pause, m \ lew of the direful conse-
quences of his scheme, both to the whites and the blacks, to
the Noi th and the South, and to the whole Union at laige ?"
" The first great object enumerated in the Con-titution,
as an inducement to its adoption, was to 4 form a more per-
fect union.' At that time, all the States held slaves, to a
greater oi less extent; and slavery in the States was fully
ieeogmzed and piovided lor, in many particular, in that
liu-tiument itself. It was lecognized, howevei, andallthe
provision* upon the subject so legaided it, as a State, and
not a national institution. At that time, too, as has been
before reniaiked, the Distuct of Columbia constituted an
integral part of two of the independent States which became
paities to the Confedctacy and to the Constitution Uself.
Since that time an entue emancipation of slaves has taken
place in several of the old States; but in all eases this haw
been the work of the States themselves, without any inter-
ference whatevei by the Fedeial Government. New States
have also been admitted into the Union, with an mtmhe-
tionin their constitutions against involuntaiv semtude. In
this way, the slave States have become a mmoiitv in lep-
resentaUou m the Federal Legislature. Their inteiosis,
however, as State-:, m the institution of domestic slavery,
as it exists within their limits, have notdimim-lied, nor lias
their right to perfect secunty under the Constitution in ref-
erence to this descuption of pioperty, been iu any way, or
to any degree, suriendeted oi impaired, since the adoption
of that instiument l>> themselves and their st>ter States.
u The opeiation of causes to a great extent natural, and
pioceeding from climate, soil, and consequent pioduetion,
hus tendered slaveiy a local and sectional institution, and
