332
THE CONG-RESSIOffiL GLOBE.
January 14,
not one has occurred since. If experience has
established any fact.it is, that violence and crime
on the part of the negro race are not the concom-
itants of freedom but the offspring of slavery, and
that the chief difficulty in the way of emancipa-
tion has always been the unfitness of the master.
The history of emancipation in the French do-
minions, in South America, in the Danish West
Indies, in Mexico, and in the West India colo-
nies of the Dutch, will furnish concurrent testi-
mony with that of the British West Indies as to
the safety and profitableness of emancipation. It
has been followed by general prosperity, and in
the English and Danish West Indies, especially,
the slaves have become landholders, schools have
been established, exports have increased, happi-
ness has been promoted, and progress has become
a law.
I answer, next, that if the slaves of the South
are set free they will not be pent up within the
confines of a few small islands, like those sub-
jected to the great British experiment referred to.
They occupy a country stretching between two
oceans, vast portions of which are yet a wilderness.
There is not only abundant room for them, but
abundant need of their labor. They are not un-
familiar with industrial pursuits, and if compen-
sated for their labor, and acted upon by the ren-
ovating power of kindness, they will not only
take care of themselves, but become a mighty ele-
ment of wealth in the latitudes of our .country
peculiarly suited totheirconstitution. Theirlocal
attachments are remarkable, and but for slavery
they would not be found either in Canada or the
Northern States. But I would give them freedom,
and then leave them to the law of their condition.
Let them work out their own destiny, and let them
have fair play in fighting the battle of life. Col-
onization is one of the great tidal forces of modern
civilization, and the enslaved races can scarcely
escape the appeal it will make to their approv-
ing judgment. Hayti, near our shores, stretches
forth her hands to welcome them to happy homes
among a kindred people, where they can enjoy
the blessing of equal rights. Remove slavery,
and I believe the negro race among us will natu-
rally gravitate towards a center of its own, and
separate itself from the race of its former oppres-
sors. Our prejudices, borrowed from slavery, and
still continuing to hold their sway, may aid this
result; but if from any cause whatever these peo-
ple. should seek their welfare in other lands, I
would, while leaving them perfectly free in this
respect, encourage them by all the reasonable
means in our power.
Lastly, to the assumed danger and impractica-
bility of emancipation, I reply in the words of
Dr. Charming:
" It is an impious error to suppose that injustice is a ne-
cessity uinlei (lie government or the .Most High. It is dis-
loyalty to principle, treaeheiy'to virtue, to suppose tiut a
righteous, genei oils woik, conceived in ;t sense of duty,
and curried on witii deliberate foicthought, can issue in
misciy, m nan. To tills UMiit of faitii in rectitude, society
owes its woe*.; owes the licensed crimcs and fiaudsol'
statesmen; the licensed frauds of trade ; the continuance
of shivery. Once let men put faith in rectitude—let them
leol that justice is suvinith—that disinterestedness is a sun
and a shield—that selfishness and crime ate weak and nns-
eiable—ami the lace of the eaith would be changed; the
gioans of ages would cease."
This, sir, is the impregnable ground on which
I stand. God has not closed up the paths ofjus-
ticc and mercy among men. He has not permit-
ted a remediless evil. As I rejcct atheism, so do
I believe it safe to restore to our enslaved millions
the title deeds of their freedom; safe to give them
a fair (lay V; wages for a fair day's work; safe to
recognize their rights of marriage and the sacred-
ness of the family, safe to allow them the untram-
meled use of their powers of mind and body in
the pursuit of their own highest good. And, I
add, that the most deplorable sign of our times is
the fact that the denial of all this is made the basis
of our policy, and the test of our statesmanship.
Very many of our public men practically disown
the moral government of the world. Expediency
is the law of their lives. They lack faith in the
almightiness of truth and the profitableness of
duty. With them diplomacy and crookedness
seem to be innate qualities, and it sometimes un-
fortunately happens that men are found in high
places of power and trust while scoffing at virtue
and wallowing in corruption.
Sir, in this season of great national trial we can
only hope for the smiles of our Maker, through
the recognition of liberty, justice, and humanity
by those who wield the great and responsible
powers-of Government.
" God give us men. A time like this demands
Strong minds, great hearts, true faitii, and ready hands;
Men whom the lust of office does not kill;
Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy;
Men who possess opinion and a will;
Men who have honor—men who will not lie;
Men who can stand before a demagogue,
And damn his treacherous flatteries without winking;
. Tall men, sun-erowned, who live above the |pg
In public duty, and m private thinking.
For while the rabble, with their thumb-screw creeds,
Mingle in selfish strife, In! freedom weeps,
Wrong luies the land, and waiting justice sleeps."
Mr. STEVENS. I have but a single word to
say in regard to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] I
desire to explain the difference between it and the
proposition reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and then leave the matter to the
House. The President of the United States, in
conformity with a resolution^of the House passed
at the extra session, appointed delegates to attend
the'world's fair and superintend the exhibition of
American machinery and products, and other
things that might be exhibited there. I need not
say to this body that the whole civilized world
will be there represented. I believe every nation
has already made provision for it except this.
Even Canada, I see, has appropriated fifty thou-
sand pounds sterling to enable her inventors, ex-
hibitors, and producers, to be represented.
The commissioners appointed by the President
have thought that §50,000 is necessary to enable
them to pay for the expenses of a resident com-
mission during the six months that the exhibi-
tion will be ill progress, and to transport the goods
and to fit up the hall, for England assigns a cer-
tain space to each nation within the building, and
they are to fit up that space. The Committee of
Ways and Meanshave reduced the sum requested
by the commissioners from $50,000 to §35,000,
and the question arose in the committee whether
that sum should be given in gross to be disposed
of by the commissioners upon their own respon-
sibility as to its proper appropriation to particu-
lar objects, or whether the committee should un-
dertake to distribute it and provide the mode in
which it shall be disposed of, as proposed in the
amendment of my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard.] The
committee, with the exception of that gentleman,
were of the opinion that it would not be treating
these gentlemen like gentlemen if, whilst we pro-
fess to intrust them with $35,000 for this purpose,
we should say specifically how much shall be used
for transportation, and how much for the salaries
of the different officers. We supposed that if
$35,000 was appropriated, it would be consumed
in either event, and that it would be better for us,
more dignified and more becoming the House, to
intrust these gentlemen with the expenditure of
the money. The committee, therefore, directed
a bill to be reported appropriating $35,000, and
intrusting the expenditure of it to these gentlemen.
The House will determine between the two
propositions, and having determined that, the
House will then decide whether we shall be rep-
resented in this congregation of nations in the
exhibition of the arts and sciences pertaining to
civilization; or whether, when America is inquired
for there, she shall be shown as a blank, being the
only civilized nation on the face of the earth that
will be in that condition. We supposed that our
mechanics, our inventors, our manufacturers de-
rived great benefit from their appearance at the
last exhibition, whore they showed to so much ad-
vantage in reapers, in yachts, and in other things.
That, however, is a question for this House to
decide. I would merely suggest, although some
may feel disposed just now not to treat England
very courteously, whether it would be politic, at
this particular time above all others, to show this
petty feeling, which would undoubtedly be offen-
sive to England, by refusing to be represented in
this congress of nations which she has called to-
gether. Mr. Chairman, I hope this debate will
not be protracted; the proposition is a simple one,
and I hope that we may be able this afternoon to
take a final vote upon it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 rise to aquestion of order.
I made a motion yesterday to strike out the enact-
ing clause of this bill. That motion, according to
my recgllectionof the rules, has precedence of any
other motion. My object in making the motion
was to test the sense of the House whether they
are willing to make this appropriationin any shape.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether his motion was to strike out the
enacting clause, or to strike out the first section
of the bill?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. To strike out the enact-
ing clause.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I suppose no amend-
ment can be offered until the vote has be^n taken
on that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
order of the questions before the committee. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] first
moved an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe]
then moved to strikeout the enacting clause. That
motion takes precedence, but does not cut off de-
bate. The question will be first upon the motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The Chair will allow me
to say, with all due deference, that the first motion
was made by myself to strike out the enacting
clause, with a view of testing the sense of the com-
mittee upon this question. I do not care whether
my motion is subject to debate or not; I do not
deny the right to debate it; but it has precedence
of the motion to amend.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
first question before the committee ia on the motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. If that motion pre-
vails, it cuts off any further amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
on the 27th of July last, at the called session, a
joint resolution was adopted, authorizing the Pres-
ident to do certain things touching the world's
fair, and appropriating, to carry out the resolu-
tion, the sum of $2,000. The bill now before the
committee proposes to appropriate $35,000 in addi-
tion, to eventuate the purpose of that resolution,
and the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] farms and par-
cels out, and devotes to certain specific purposes
indicated, the whole or a large portion of that ap-
propriation. Now, sir, for one I am opposed to
the original bill, and equally opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee.
If the shape of the question now before the House
is a motion by the gentleman from Kentucky, to
strike out the enacting clause, of course I am with
him for the motion. I believe, sir, that at this
time we have something a good deal more import-
ant to do with our money—whether it be the sum
of $35,000 or any greater or less sum—than to
send any commission to a fair in England, or to
pay freight to London on any articles there to be
exhibited. We have a world's fair now in ses-
sion on this continent. We are all on exhibition
before the world, and we are within the sightand
within the hearing and undergoing the examina-
tion of all Christendom. There is a competition
going on here, a grapple for the mastery in the
fine arts, and in the arts that are not so fine; and
we are destined here, if we deserve them, without
the appropriation of this $35,000 or any part of
it, to receive premiums and diplomas, and to have
monuments erected to our national industry and
skill, which will stand in a very conspicuous place
on the bank and shoal of time. I believe, sir, that
there is a theater here abundant for the display
ofevery species of national proficiency at thtstime,
affording an opportunity to record highupasany
man desires to see it recorded in the temple of fame,
and on the page of history, American capacity.
It is said that it might seem at this time like
turning a cold shoulder to Great Britain if we were
not represented at the coming carnival of the in-
dustry of all nations. Well, sir, I do not think
that the English Government—I do not mean the
English people—has been,at this particular time,
inclined to stand so very much on what a friend
of mine calls the " high pints" of good behavior
as she has been on some other occasions, certainly
not so much that we are called upon to devote
$35,000 to purposes of urbanity, if for other rea-
sons we ought not to do it. I think we have
treated England exceedingly well. If the recent
reports in the papers are true, we have extended
very recently atleast onemarked act of courtesy to
the British Grovernmentas to the transit of troops.
If therefore we ought not for other reasons to ap-
