1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2315
of this confectionery is sold not by weight, but by
the piece, by the article. We had articles of con-
fectionery exhibited to us in the committee room,
a single one of which would sell for from three to
seven dollars apiece, and which would not weigh
a pound. There is another difficulty; we had ar-
ticles exhibited to us of such delicate texture and
mechanism that if I owned one of them I would
not have it weighed; I would not. have it sub-
jected to the risk of being put into the scales and
taken out again for a good many times the tax
you put upon it. I do not know of anything
in this manufacture that calls upon us to visit it
with any particularly heavy duties, to discriminate
against it; and it is certainly much easier to get at
the value of the article than it is to get at the weight
of it. In regard to imports, I know it is usually
desirable to have specific duties rather than ad
valorem duties, because of the facility of impos-
ing upon the public or upon the Government by
perpetrating frauds in fixing the values; but there
is no such opportunity here. It is on article of
domestic product, and upon an examination of it
the value can be certainly ascertained. The weight
of it can be ascertained by weighing it, hut only
ascertained at great risk. This amendment will
fall more equally upon the consumer, and yet un-
questionably yield a larger revenue to the Gov-
ernment than the tax of one cent a pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not so much, I take it.
Mr. HOWE. My belief is it will yield a much
larger revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The confectioners did not
intend it should raise so much.
Mr. HOWE. My recollection differs from that
of the chairman, but, of course, I will not speak
positively about it. I should have as much con-
fidence in his recollection as my own. If three
per cent, ad valorem will not yield sufficient reve-
nue, put on a higher percentage. I am more anx-
ious about the mode of getting at this than the
particular sum to be fixed. I think three per cent,
is enough; I think it will yield a larger revenue
than this; but I am perfectly willing it should be
five per cent. I know the great bulk of the can-
dies and confectionery manufactured is of a cheap
kind; butstill there is a very large amount in value
of these costly confections which are consumed
only by people who can pay an ad valorem duty
without feeling it; whereas the tax of one cent a
pound laid on these cheap articles would be paid
by the poorer class of consumers and those least
able to pay the duties. I cannot conceive any
good reason why the ad valorem duty should not
be imposed, and I see very strong objection to the
imposition of this specific tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a plausibility in
what my friend says in reference to these costly
articles; but they form but a very small propor-
tion of the amount. The great amount is in sugar
plums, and those things that are sold by wcisjit;
sold to everybody in large quantities. Occasion-
ally they get up these showy, costly things, for
winch they receive five or six dollars, but very few
buy them. Perhaps in the city of New York they
they are used for parties, dinner patties, or some-
thing of that sort; but the whole bulk amounts to
very little. I suppose the Senate is hardly aware
of the importance of this particular clause. I think,
according to a statement made to us, there are
about two hundred and fifty millions of pounds
annually consumed. At two cents a pound, that
would give us $5,000,000 on the single item of con-
fectionery. The business is immense all over the
United States. We reduced the tax to one cent
on their statement, which convinced us that it was j
put too high, as it stands now, in the bill from the
House of Representatives. That will make it
amount to $2,500,000. If you adopt the three per
cent, ad valorem, according to an estimate that
the clerk of ourcommittee made,on the statements
made by the confectioners themselves, theamount ;;
of the tax would be reduced to $1,000,000. The |
tax of one cent is not buidensome. The only :
way in which Jt is troublesome is with reference j
to this pat ticular point that my fiiend speaks of. 1
It is some trouble to weigh the article. They can
keep an estimate if they please of what they sell. |
With regard to these delicate m.itteis there is some j
little risk in weighing them, but care will obviate '
that. There is no tioubie about it. They may >
weigh the materials before they are put m, and .
then they can tell the weight of the hiucles of :
which the thing is made up. It will give them n
some trouble; but we are tioubling everybody
with reference to this matter, and are not troubling
them any more than we do others. The com-
mittee spent a considerable time on the question
of sugar plums, and came to the conclusion that
a tax of one cent a pound on the whole was the
best and surest.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to make an in-
quiry of my friend. I should like to know if
this is not one of the special articles for a high tax.
It is a luxury in general use.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so; but then we
cannot go on and p>ut on such a very high tax,
because all persons have not sufficient capital, and
it is not an object to break down all the small
dealers. A heavy tax would break them all down.
The committee therefore came to the conclusion
that, with regard to the revenue, we should dimin-
ish it very much if we attempted to raise it higher.
Mr. SUMNER. A tax of one cent per pound
would not be more than ten per cent, ad valorem,
I suppose, on the average.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a pretty high tax.
Mr. SUMNEIl. We tax many things that arc
in the nature of articles of luxury much higher.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We tax some things
very high, such as spirits and tobacco, which will
be used anyhow; but people will not use confec-
tionaries on the same principle.
Mr. SUMNER. It strikes me the people would
still use them, and therefore we might double this
tax, and perhaps add fifty per cent, to ourincomc
from it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The confcctioncries are
made mostly—and I am indebted to my friend
who sits beside me for the information—from im-
ported sugar, which already pays a high tax.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to call the at-
tention of the chairman to it. I submit entirely
to his judgment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
committee considered the whole matter, and on
deliberation came to the conclusion to reduce it to
one cent per pound. 1 have given the reason for
it. They may be wrong.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator fi om Wiscon-
sin to the amendment of the committee to strike
out the words " one cent," and insert " three per
cent, ad valorem."
Theamendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Committee
on Finance, to strike out " two cents,"and insert
"one cent;" so that it will read, "on sugar candy
and all confectionery made wholly or in part of
sugar, one cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before going further, I
ask the Senate to go back to section sixty-five.
It was not the intention of the committee to strike
out the provision there with reference to thread
manufactured or sold. I will therefore move to
reconsider the vote by which that amendment was
adopted striking out a large portion of the proviso
to that section. What we intended to strike out
were the two lines nine and ten, or the most of
them, and leave it so as to read:
Piocidcd, That when thread is manufactured—
Putting in the word " is" after " thread"—
And sold or delivered exclusively for knitted fabrics, or
for weaving or spooling, as provided for in the seventy-first
section of this act, he.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves to reconsider the vote on the
motion to strike out the proviso to the sixty-fifth
section, m the following words:
Provided, That when cloth is <old or delivered exclu-
sively for dyeing, prmtirffe, bleaching, or to he flushed in
anv other mannei. and thread manufactured and sold or
delivered exclusively for knitted lahtics, or lbi weaving or
spooling, as provided lui m the ^eventy-fir^t section of tins
act, the duties «hall he a-^e^ed on the aitides fmishedand
piepaied for use oi consumption to rhe party &o finishing or
prepaung the same, and an\ part} so finishing orpreparing
an\ cloth or oilier fabric?* of cotton, woo!, or other mate-
rials, whether impoited or othenvi-e. shall he considered
the manufaetmer thereof tor the purposes of this act.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The amendment was iejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator .
from Maine now proposes to strike out the words j
" cloth is sold or delivered exclusively for dyeing, |
printing, bleaching, or to be finished in any other !
manner, and,"and to insert the word "is,"after
the word " thread;" so that the clause will read:
Provided, That when thread is manufactured and sold
or delivered exclusively for knitted fabrics, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next items, as follows:
On chocolate and cocoa prepared, one cent per pound.
On saleiatus, five mills per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to amend this last item by inserting the
words " and bicarbonate of soda;" so that it will
read, " on saleratus and bicarbonate of soda, five
mills per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On statch, niade^pf potato?*, one mill per pound; made
of corn or wheat, one and a half null per pound; made of
rice or any other mateual, four imll> per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment being proposed to this item, the next will
be read.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On tobacco, cavendi<h, plug, twist, fine cut, and manu-
factured of all descriptions, not including snuff, cigars, or
pieparcd ^noking tobacco, ten ccnus per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend this clause by inserting the
word "and" between the words "snuff" and
"cigars," and by striking out the words "or
prepared smoking tobacco, ten," and inserting the
word "twenty;" so that, if the amendment be
agreed to, the clause will read:
On tobacco, cavendish, plug, twist, fine cut, and man-
ufactured of all descriptions, not including snuft'and cigars,
twenty cents per pound.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the committee the reason for that
change, striking out " prepared smoking tobacco"
in that place.. Probably it is introduced in another
place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, it is not.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I should like to know
why it is not to bo taxed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason was this: on
looking into the subject we became satisfied if we
imposed a tax on it there was no way of avoiding
frauds; that if we put a diffetent tax upon it,
they would just sell one for the other, and we
would get the same tax on both of them.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another question I
would like to ask my friend. He proposes a
change from ten to twenty cents per pound on to-
bacco. Why would not that aiticle bear a still
higher increase? So far as I know, I should be
disposed to make it thirty or forty cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So would everybody if
it would reach the object desired by it. The dif-
ficulty with us is this: we raise the article, and
therefore we cannot put such a duty upon it as
we could if it weie an importation. In Great
Britain they will not allow a man to raise tobacco
there.
Mr. SUMNER. It pays seventy-five percent,
duty in England.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly. There is
none raised there, and therefore they can put any
duty they please upon it; but as we raise it in our
country we cannot do it.
Mr. SUMNER. The question that I desire
to ask the chairman, and his answer will satisfy
me on the point, is, whether this is the highest
tax that can be imposed consistent with our other
interests; that is, with the raising of the tobacco?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee, on exam-
ining the subjcct, came to the conclusion that it
was all it would be expedient to propose at the
present time. We acted on the same principle as
we did with regard to whisky. The Senator will
notice that we double the tax in the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. I observe that; but I think
there is no article, perhaps, that we can tax that
will bear a higher tax than tobacco in every form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot go beyond a
reasonable point on the subject. At any rate, this
will do to begin with. Perhaps we may be able
to raise it hereafter, as we hope to do on whisky
and other articles.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that, as I understand this
amendment, if it be adopted it will not exempt this
class of tobacco from taxation; but it will be sub-
ject to a tax of twenty cents per pound. If the
