1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
hn< thus added another to the most alarming apprehensions
of patuots Tor the perpetuity of this Union—the apprehen-
sion of local and geographical interests and (Inunctions.
How immensely important it, then, (hat Congress should
do no act, and assume no jurisdiction, in reference to mi?
great interest. by which it shall ever appear to place itself
in the attitude of a local, instead of a national tribunal—a
partial agent, providing lor peoul.arand sectional objects
and feelings, instead of a general and paternal legislature,
equally and impartially promoting the general welfare of all
the States No one can fail to see that an> other course
on the part of Congress niu^t weaken the confidence of the
injured States in the Federal authority, and, to the same
extent, prove dangerous to the Union."
In further support of these views, I beg to refer
to the resolutions of Mr. Clay, which were adopted
by the Senate in 1838:
" Resolved, That when the District of Columbia was
ceded by the States of Virginia and Maryland to the UniU'd
States, domestic .slaveiy existed in both of tho-e States, in-
cluding the ceded temtory,and that, as it still continues in
both of them, iLcould not be abolished wiihin the Dhtiict
without a violation of that good faith which wa* implied
in the cession, and m the acceptance of the tenitoiy, nor,
unless compensation were made to tlie proprietors ot slaves,
without a manifest infringement of an amendment to the
Constitution of the United State", nor without exciting a
degree of just alaun and apprehension in the States iecog-
nizmg slavery, far tianhcending m misciijcvoua tendency
any portable benefit which could be accomplished by the
abolition.
'l Resolved, therefore, That it is the deliberate judgment of
the Senate, that the institution of domestic slavery ought
not to be abolished within the District of Columbia; and it
earnestly hopes that all sincere friends of the Union and of
harmony and general tranquillity, will cease to agitate this
disturbing question."
Mr. President, such were the views so earnestly
pressed by great statesmen of all parties nearly a
quarter of a century ago, and upon these views
Maryland rests her protest against any inter-
ference with slavery in this District at this day.
Slavery, in my judgment, is a doomed institution
in Maryland, doomed by the irreversible laws of
political economy,and further affected by causes
arising out of the rebellion, and it needs no un-
necessary stimulant to accelerate its decline; but,
at the same time, it is surrounded by circum-
stances which will not adnnt of iutuifeiencc with
the question in this District without producing the
most disastrous consequences to the resources and
social organization of the State, but most espe-
cially to the free negroes themselves. Mr. Presi-
dent j Maryland, with a total population of 687,034,
has a free colored population of 83,718, nearly
double as many as New York, and 27,345 more
than Pennsylvania:
Colored Population of Maryland.
1850. I860.
Free  71.723 83,718
Slave  90,360 87,188
Total I6o,089 170,900
Decrease of slaves in ten years  3.178 j
increase of free negioe-  8,095 j
Tuciease of total colored population  5,815 |
Now, sir, these figures show that we have a |
larger free colored population than any other State i
in the Union, and if any measures should be i
adopted, against the consent of Maiyland, by !
which this class of persons should be suddenly '
augmented and the slaves rapidly decreased, it |
would lead to the certain adoption of violent meas- '
urcs for the expulsion of the free blacks beyond
the limits of the State. The question has already \
assumed such a magnitude that laws which would I
almost have disgraced the statutes of barbaric ages :
have been proposed m our State, and only by the j
interference of the conservative sentiments of en- j
lightened and humane people have these violent |
measures been averted, purely out of considera- :
tionsof humanity to this oppressed class of people, j
►Slavery abolished m this District, and laws j
passed against the lecovery of absconding slaves, i
the decrease would be rapid in Maiyland, while
the free negroes would remain; and from the nat- ;
ural increase alone we would find in a few years ]
one sixth of our whole population of this class, i
to say nothing of the great injustice; to the people i
of this District which would result from the im- j
mense increase of fugitive negroes here by the 1
passage of this bill.
^ I have some curious statistics here, which ac- j
cidcntally met my eye in the lastfew days, which ,
1 have taken the trouble to investigate, from the ;
census tables; and with the indulgence of the Sen- !
ate I will present a few of ihcm. The six eastern
States, as is shown by the census returns of 1850
—Maine,New Hampshire, Vermont, Maasachu- i
setts, Rhode Island,and Connecticut—have U5,440 I
square miles; and in 1850 they had 23,021 colored
people in the six States. By the census taken in
1790, they had 17,042 colored people. The Sfate
of New York has 46,220 square miles, and had
49,0C9 free colored people in 1850. She has to-
day, under the census of 1860, 49,031—a decrease.
The six New England States, and New York,
have 111,060 square miles, and 72,090 free colored
people. The little State of Maryland, which I
have the honor in pait to represent upon this floor,
has but 10,755 square miles; and in 1850 she had
74,723 free colored people; to-day, as I have
shown, taken from the census tables this morn-
ing, neaily 84,000. The State of Pennsylvania,
a free State, has 46,215 square miles, lying upon
the northern border of the State of Maryland,
only divided by an imaginary line, and she had
53,626 free colored people in 1850. Thus we see
that the State of Maryland has noi one fourth as
many square miles as Pennsylvania, and yet
Maryland has, by the census of to-day, 27,345
more free blacks than the State of Pennsylvania.
The State of Delaware has, by the census of to-
day, 19,000 and a large fraction of free blacks.
The District of Columbia has to-day over 11,000
free blacks, and 3,000 slaves.
By these measures of emancipation, and the
utter futility of any laws of colonization which
can be adopted, what will be the result? The facts
that arc shown from the census department prove
that the free negroes increase more rapidly and
more certainly in this latitude than they do in the
North—increasing in the State of Maryland to an
alarming degree. The State of Pennsylvania joins
us, with the laws of a free State to protect them;
but they prefer to remain and take their chances
in the State of Maryland—a State under the con-
trol of slave laws and slave institutions. These
facts present to us the alarming consideration that
we are likely to become, by this interference on
the part of Congress, the great free negro colony
of this country. Then, sir, what becomes of the
argument that slaves tend to demoralize the labor-
ing class of white people? What must be the em-
bittered state of feeling in Maryland when they
find that this Congress, departing from every prin-
ciple of good faith and of constitutional obligation
to the compact of the Union, interferes to throw
more of this class of free negroes in direct com-
petition with the white labor of our own State?
Sir, while I am on that particular point, let me
advert a little to the condition of the State of
Mai yland before this lcvolution took place or this
rebellion broke out, for the purpose of showing
how the great material interests of my State are
to be kept down, or possibly to be forever and
entirely mined. In 1860, the city of Baltimore
had a trade, according to the authentic report of
our Board of Trade, of $168,000,000. Thirty-six
millions of that was transported over the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad to and from the West, as
shown by the annual report of that great com-
pany. For that one year, the Board of Trade
shows that the amount of northern manufactured
goods of various classes and kinds sent to the city
of Baltimore, to be sold by intermediate agentsin
that city to persons residing South and West, was
$40,000,000. The trade of that year in dry goods
alone, was between thirty and thirty-five millions,
$4,500,000 of that being of the manufactures of
our Sfate. Sir, this rebellion has nearly obliter-
ated that trade. The groat commercial houses
of our emporium, which have heretofore accu-
mulated fortunes, arc nowalmosttenantless, with-
out business, without trade, and many suspended
and closed. The State of Maryland m 1850 had
$45,000,000 of manufactures of her own produc-
tion of all kinds; her agricultural productions that
year were £.22,000,000; her exports of agriculture
were not quite five and a half millions of her own
raising, including §2,250,000 of tobacco—the bal-
ance was made up of hr^adstuffs; while her trade
with Virginia and North Carolina brought within
her borders between twelve and fourteen millions
of yiain and flour. Tui and a half millions of
this trade was shipped coastwise to the northern
States, and our foreign trade was about twenty-
two and a half millions. Our northern trade di-
rectly with goods exported and sold to the North
did not reach more than ten or twelve millions,
while we received from the North nearly forty
millions of northern productions to be sold to
States South and Wos&t.
Now, Mr. President, the point that I wish to
present is, that by this hemming in of the State of
Maryland, by this interference with the institution
of slavery, you not only disorganize the agricul-
tural interests of my State, you not only produce
convulsions and contentions which will forever
prevent the kindly restoration of feeling upon
which commerce must depend for its successful
operation, but you will produce an exodus of such
of the slaveholding population from my State as
can leave, and you will force those who cannot
emigrate either to manumit or to take the little pit-
tance that is proposed by your bill, if, after a long
struggle of political excitement, we can arrive at
thepointof thcPresident'sproposition for gradual
emancipation in the State of Maryland. But, sir,
the worst of it all is, that you will produce an ex-
odus of that class of people upon whom the State
of Maryland has rested more than all others for
her gieat material prosperity—I mean her great
mechanicaland manufacturing class. Sir, the State
of Maryland deprived of her markets South and
West for her manufactures, cannot compete with
the great workshops that lie north of the State.
The lines of communication from Pennsylvania,
from New Jersey, from New York, and from all
ofNew England, percolating the great Northwest
with a population of eight or nine millions of peo-
ple,have the advantage over us, while we had only
the advantage over them in the markets that lay
adjacent, south of us, for our forty-five millions
of manufactures; and instead of the city of Balti-
more being, as she has been heretofore, the third
commercial emporium of this country, I fear that
the day is to comc when the grass may grow in her
streets and her vessels lie rotting at her wharves.
Then, Mr. President, let me ask why seek to
impose upon us principles and measures of pol-
icy which we do not want, and which tend only
to still further derange and embarrass us—tend fur-
ther to surround us with complicated questions
from which we have no escape? Why not allow
us to work out our own destiny, and to accom-
modate ourselves as best we can to the disadvant-
ages which this unhappy revolution has thrown
around us?
Sir, I think the statement I have made in re-
gard to the condition of the population of Mary-
land is the correct one: that the tendency of our
population will be, even upon the settlement of
this war, to emigrate, because 1 fear there is no
hope of a restoration of that kindly feeling upon
which wc depended so largely for our commercial
prosperity with the people who are south of us.
This agitation must break down slavery; it must
throw waste whole regions of country. There
are to be imposed on us heavy burdens of taxa-
tion. We have already assumed an amount of
taxation to defray the expenses of this war equal
to the expense of our State government; we have
assumed to pay as part of our proportion of the
expenses of this war, within afiactionof one mil-
lion of dollars a year, while the whole annual ex-
penses of the State of Maryland are only about
one million one hundred thousand dollars. Then
is it not plain to be seen that the people of Mary-
land, already taxed high, must meet these increased
burdens from what is left of her depreciated prop-
erty and ruined trade.
But, may I not be allowed, Mr. President, to
ask one question here. What possible benefitcan
occur to the North by the abolition of slavery in
this District, when it is to be so deleterious and
so injurious in its results to a sister State of this
Union? What earthly consideration of good is
to result to the people of the North that does not
bring a tenfold corresponding evil, not only upon
the people here, but upon the people of my State?
Sir, I will not detain the Senate longer. The
«.uy for argument upon this question has long
since passed. It would be vain in me, as I think
it would be for any other Senator on this floor to
attempt to change the foregone conclusions of a
ma jority in reference to this question. I shall leave
it, however, to abler and wiser men to show the
illegality and the unconstitutionality of this meas-
ure. This Government was created to promote
domestic tranquillity and to insure the general wel-
fare. The passage of this bill does not promote
either the general welfare or insure the domestic
tranquillity of my State; it will create strife in our
borders as a forerunner of that other question,
which is shortly to become aleadingand important
question m the futuio discussions and organiza-
tions of parties, and that is the emancipation pol-
