1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
propriate this money, I think that considerations
of politeness will not constrain us to do it. With-
out multiplying words about it, I hope that the
amendment will fail, that the bill will fail, and that
every proposition will fail to give at this time one
single farthing to send abroad from this continent
to find another theater on which we may make
an exhibition of any arts or sciences or powers
that we may possess.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed,
and very decidedly opposed, to this bill. I think,
Mr. Chairman, it is enough for us, in all con-
science, to have been insulted, dishonored, and
disgraced by the British nation, without now ap-
propriating $35,000 to pay the expenses of those
who have been instrumental in that dishonor, to
let them go in state to the British court.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to inquire
of my colleague whether he thinks it has been
through the action of the British Government, or
of our own Government, that we have been thus
disgraced and dishonored?
Mr. LOVEJOY. My colleague is correct. I
understand how it was done. That disgrace was
all that the nation could bear. We marched up
to it " sweating great drops of blood." We ap-
proached it as Christ went to the cross, saying,
"if it be possible, let this cup pass from us."
And yet we are required to say that we did it
cheerfully, that we did it gladly; and besides that,
we are asked to pay $35,000 to commissioners to
go and appear at the Court of St. James. Sir,
inasmuch as we have yielded to that disgrace, in-
asmuch as we have submitted to be thus dishon-
ored by Great Britain, I think the least we can do
is to acknowledge it, and to stay at home till the
time comes that we can whip that nation. Then
I will be willing to go and appear at their world's
exhibition.
Sir, every time I think of that matter, the words
instinctively come to me which ^neasused when
he was requested by Queen Dido to rehearse the
sufferings which had befallen the Trojans during
the siege and capture of Troy:
" Infaudum, regina, jubes renovate dolorem."
A Member. Translate it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am asked to translate it;
and my friend on the right [Mr. Hooper] helps
me to that of Dry den:
" Great queen, what you command mc to relate
Renews the sad remembrance of our fate."
Every time this Trent affair comes up; every
time that an allusion is made to it; every time
that I have to think of it, that expression of the
tortured and agonized Trojan exile comes to my
lips. I am made to renew the horrible grief which
I suffered when the news of the surrender of Ma-
son and Slidell came. I acknowledge it, I liter-
ally wept tears of vexation. I hate it; and I hate
the British Government. I have never shared in
the traditionary hostility of many of my country-
men against England. But I now here publicly
avow and record my inextinguishable hatred of
that Government. I mean to cherish it while I
live, and to bequeath it as a legacy to my chil-
dren when I die. And if I am alive when war
with England comes, as sooner or later it must,
for we shall never forget this humiliation, and if
I can carry a musket m that war I will carry it.
I have three sons,end I mean to charge them, and
do now publicly and solemnly charge them, that
if they shall have at that time reached the years
of manhood and strength, they shall enter into
that war. I have always doubted the necessity
of that surrender. We might have, I think, se-
cured an arbitration at least, and compelled Eng-
land to have recognized some rule as binding on
herself as the law of nations. This wp have not
secured. If, however, it was a necessity, 1 could
have submitted to it. But I have not reached that
exalted sublimation of Christianity which allows
me to be insulted and abused and dishonored with-
out feeling some indignation. I can bear all that
as a Christian; but to say that I do it chcerfully,
is more tlfan I can bring myself to.
" The lamb thy riot dooms to blerd to-day,
Had lie thv icason -would ho skip and p!ny?
Pleased to" the last lie oiops the flowery food,
And licks' the hand just raised to shed his blood.
I can stand meekly and receive the blow; but
to fawn on the hand that deals it, and kiss the
rod of chastisement, is beyond my present attain-
ments.
Sir, I trust in God that the time is not far dis-
tant when we shall have suppressed this rebel-
lion," and be prepared to avenge and wipe out this
insult that we have received. We will then stir
up Ireland; we will appeal to the Chartists of
England; we will go to the old French habitans of
Canada; we will join hands with France and
Russia to take away the eastern possessions of
that proud empire, and will darken every jewel
that glitters in her diadem. Oh ! it was so mean
and cowardly for a nation saying " father" and
" mother" in the same words that we do to come
into the house of a brother in the day of his ca-
lamity. I cannot away with it.
Sir, I could not help saying these few words.
I trust the House will vote down this appropria-
tion. One of our commissioners, I understand,
is the individual who writes these pleasant letters
asking us to submit to insult, and to say that we
do it cheerfully, to smile at this chalice drugged
with the bitterestingredientsthat wereeverpressed
to human lips. When the sesquipedalian reso-
lution in regard to M. Thouvenel's letter comes
before the House, I will have more to say on'this
subject.
I will not enter now on the question of economy
in regard to this bill, although I think the argu-
ment made on that point a good one. But these
other arguments are to my mind conclusive; audi
trust the committee will vote down the bill.
I am requested to move that the committee do
now rise, which I do.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is that motion made for
the purpose of closing debate?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understand so.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wright reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 192) making an appropriation to
carry into effect the joint icsolution approved the
27th of July, 18G1. relative to the exhibition of the
industry of all nations, at London, in the year
1862, and hnd come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate upon
the bill under consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be terminated
in one minute after its consideration shall be again
resumed in committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will give way to me to ask the
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union from the
further consideration of this bill, and dispose of it
here. It is evident that the House do not intend
to pass it, and it is useless to waste any more time
upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
There being no objection, the bill was brought
into the House for consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon thai motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then,on motion of Mr. OL1N, (at a quarter
past four o'clock,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 15, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
The Secretary called the Senate to order.
Mr. HALE. Mr, Secretary, the Vice Presi-
dent being absent, I move that the chair be occu-
pied by Senator Foot, of Vermont.
The Secretary put the question; and the motion
was agreed to nem. con.
Mr. Foot accordingly took the chair as Presi-
dent pro tempore.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of tha 9th
instant, relative to the employment of George D.
Morgan, of New York, to purchase vessels for the
Government; which, on motion of Mr. Hale, was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. .
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of John
B. Temple and others, of the military board of
Kentucky, prying for the allowance of compen-
sation for officers and soldiers who have been in
actual service before they were mustered in; also
for bounty and pensions to such officers and sol-
diers as have been killed or wounded in service
before they were mustered in; also compensation
for property that has been lost or destroyed when
in the use of the service by soldiers that had not
been mustered in; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of the
Farmer's Club of Concord, Massachusetts, pray-
ing that a duty be imposed upon garden seeds
imported into the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Need-
ham, Massachusetts, praying for the total aboli-
tion of slavery throughout the country; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of An-
drew Ten Broeck, consul of the United States at
Munich, the capital of the kingdom of Bavaria,
praying for additional compensation for services
rendered; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Peter Cooper, of New York, praying for a well-
devised system of taxation, equal to the regular
expenses of the Government, and interest on all
moneys borrowed, and that the Government
should not lose its hold on the sub-Treasury;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of mechanics
and laborers employed in the Charlestown navy-
yard, praying for the repeal of the eighth section
of an act of Congress, entitled " An act to further
promote the efficiency of the Navy," approved
December 21, 1861; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 112) to authorize a change of appropriations
for the payment of necessary expenditures in the
service of the United States for the Indian service,
reported it with amendments.
Mr.COLLAMER.from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the message
of the President of the United States in relation to
the protection and preservation of the Atlantic
fisheries on the noitheastern coast, reported a bill
(S. No. 150) for a joint commission for the pres-
ervation of the Atlantic fisheries; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BROWNING, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom were referred a me-
morial of the guardian of the heirs of J. E. Martin,
deceased, praying for compensation to them for
services heretofore rendered by him as consul at
Lisbon; and a bill (S. No. 109) for the relief of
the legal representatives of J. E. Martin, deceased,
reported the bill, and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
9) to provide for the introduction of a code of ma-
rine signals adapted to secret service, and for other
purposes,asked to be discharged fioin the fuither
consideration of the same, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 150) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year end ing the 30th of
June, 1862, reported it with amendments.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 32)
