1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
justify the remarks which I have made, for it
declares:
"That the commander in the field of the United States
forces now being or heienfter to be concentrated m the
State ot Kansas, be, and be irf hereby, empowered and au-
thorized, while mmclung witli all or any part of his com-
mand thiough the Indian or surrounding country,"—
To do what, sir?—
"to detail an officer or officers to muster into the United
States service such pei&tms as. may present themselves for
that purpose."
In the first place, where is the necessity for the
adoption of such a resolution as this? Has not
the President of the United States and the De-
partment of War a right already; does not the
right already exist, if it be necessary, to appoint
persons to muster into service volunteers? What
is there in the peculiar condition of Kansas, or
in that section of the country, which requires a
diffeicnt control of the war and of the enlisting
of volunteers within the limits assigned to the
commander of the Kansas forces from that which
prevails elsewhere?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, if the
gentleman will permit me a moment I will give
him a reason.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware yielding the floor, the Senator
from Kansas can be heard.
Mr. WILSON and others, (to Mr. Lane.) Let
him speak, and then reply.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Very well.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should be very happy
to hear the reason of the Senator from Kansas. T
can see none. I am not imputing any motives to
anybody. I have no doubt the Senator from Kan-
sas is perfectly honest with reference to his views
in regard to the proper mode of carrying on this
war, but I differ from him m reference to that pol-
icy. The proposition, simply, as I apprehend,is
to get congressional lecognition of the policy of
arming free negroes, arming slaves, and arming
the Indians in the prosecution of this war. Now,
sir, as a member of tins body, I toll the Senate that
that recognition cannot be had without my solemn
protest.
Without detaining the Senate longer in refer-
ence to this matter, and the many questions in-
volved in it, 1 will say that it is my firm convic-
tion that if this policy does meet with congressional
recognition, you will not have one tenth part of
the friends of the Union that now are found in the
border Slates. Say to the people of a single border
State that this war is to dcgcneiate into what some
thought it would ultimately, but which I hope it
never will, and which you have declaied by solemn
resolution it never shall be, into a war for the pur-
pose of the abolition of slavery, 1 tell you if you
have any Union men left in any slaveholdmg State
of this Union they will not be Union men who
are Union men for the love of the Union, but they
will only be Union men who aie made so by the
force of arbitral y power and military authority.
Without detaining the Senate farther, I move to
insert in the ninth line, before the word "per-
sons, "the word "white." There are other amend-
ments which I shall offer subsequently.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The commander of
the Kansas department that is alluded to in this
joint resolution is known to the country (Major
General Hunter) to be as remarkable for his pru-
dcncc as for his courage and his gallantry. The
object of this joint resolution is to clothe General
Hunter with the power specified m it, in case the
communication between the Government and
Kansas is cut off, as it is liable to be every mo-
ment, as it is at this moment. The bridges between
Kansas and the Government have been recently
burned, and the Government is now engaged in
the reconstruction of those biidgts. There is,
however, another reason. General Hunter pro-
poses, as I understand him, to separate himself
from all base, wheic he can have no communica-
tion whatever with the Govei nment. He will be as
entirely separated from his base, from communi-
cation with his Government, as was Napoleon
Bonaparte after his fleet was destroyed m Egypt.
The object of this joint resolution is plainly ex-
pressed, to give hmi the power to fill up the ranks
of his army from the country through which he
moves. How can ho be lemforced fiom the States?
He may be beaten by frequent victories. {Sup-
pose he gains a victory to-day with ten thousand
men, and in it loses two thousand; to-morrow he j
gains another and loses two thousand more; di-
rectly, unless he has power to renovate, to fill-up'
the ranks, his army will be beaten by repeated
victories. The object of this joint resolution is
to give to Major General Hunter, when separated
from his base and from the Government, the power
of receiving and subsisting the loyal white citi-
zens of the loyal States; it gives him the power, if
he believes it is good policy, to fill up his ranks
with Indians; it gives him the power to feed such
slaves as may go into his lines; but it docs not
give him the power to arm slaves, or Indians, or
loyal white citizens. That is expressly reserved
to the Government. That the provisions of the
joint resolution may not be misunderstood, I will
read the proviso on that point:
" Provided, That such musteiing in *hall not cause to the
United States any other expense than that of the subsistence
of such peisons while so in service, and of the compensa-
tion of the musteung officer, until the muster-in lolls of
such poisons have been first submitted to the Secrctaiy of
\Vai,and his consent totholi complete equipment and pay
has been had, which he is hereby authouzed to giant it' in
Ins opinion tiie necessities of the scivicc require it.'5
Now, I do ask, for the good of the service, that
some general may be authorized to receive within
his lines the colored people of the slave States.
Believing as I do, that that population feeds and
clothes this rebellion, I desire one general to invite
them to leave olf feeding and clothing the rebels,
and to feed and clothe us. 1 do believe, Mr. Pres-
ident, that when this war takes such a course as
that each loyal white soldier in the Army of the
United States may bo a knight-oriant, and each
and every one have his squire, a slave from the
rebellion; then we shall begin to see " the begin-
ning of the end."' Not to put arms in his hands,
butto use him to build our fortifications,to clean
our horses, and cook the victuals of the loyal
soldier; you then dignify the soldier, keep him for
the flghtmg, and the slaves of the South will do
that woik for him which he is now doing for
the soldiers in the rebel army. Give to General
Hunter the power asked for m this joint resolu-
tion, and 1 answer this Senate, as 1 answered a
distinguished gentleman the other day, that lie can
have and use profitably thirty-four thousand slaves
in a column of thirty-four thousand loyal soldiers;
and without expense too. Instead of shipping
your flour to the Army, send them corn-mills to
grind their own corn, and Jet the'slaves who seek
the lines do that business. I believe that we could
profitably use in the Army of the United States
now m the field every able-bodied slave in the
slave Stated, and that too without putting arms
m their hands.
This joint resolution does not give to Major
General Huntei the power to arm slaves, or to
arm Indians, or to arm loyal citizens; but he can
say to the loyal white man "join us; wo will or-
ganize you into companies and regiments; bring
your own gun f he can say to those Indians who
are gallantly contending foi our flag upon the
western plains, " come withm our lines; we will
oigamzeyou; we will feed you." That is the
power that is given under this bill, and intended
to be given, to leceive them,feed them, and com-
municate with the Government as to their accept-
ance;and when accepted by the Government, and
not till then, to pay and arm them.
Mi. HARLAN. Mr. President, the immediate
proposition before the Senate is to insert the word
" white15 before the word " poisons." Ifthcmam
pioposition pending were to confer a favor or a
benefit on those who arc proposed to bo mustered
into the service of the United States, T could very
well perceive how the Senator from Delaware
would derive his conclusion that none but white
men should be thus benefited; but if the propo-
sition shall be considered in the light of a duty to
be peiformed by those who are to be mustered m,
the leason of his conclusion would be less clear.
Are the colored population of this country—the
Indians and the negroes—so much better than the
white people that it will not do to permit them to
participate m the performance of the lnbor that
may be necessary to put down this rebellion?
When wc aie imposing onerous hut dens on the
white population, why is it that the colored pop-
ulation of this country may not be permitted to
hear their just proportion?
I also dissent from one expression made by the
Senator from Kansas, that colored people may
not bear arms. Why not? Why may not their
bodies be made food for powder and lead as well
as those of your sons and brothers? It may be
said that their enlistment would be offensive to
the people of the slave States. But why offensive
to employ colored men to fight for the Union any
more than for independence during the Revolution ?-
Nearly all of these States are now overwhelmed
by the rebellion. With them the time for con-
ciliation has passed, until hard blows shall have
been given and received. Negotiations have long
since terminated.
Wc arc now engaged in an actual war, and I
repudiate thaHkind of wisdom which would com-
pel the Government of the United States to con-
sult the wishes of our enemies as to the character
of force that is to be used to put them down.
This bill does not, however, require the enlist-
ment of colored men. It is left optional with the
commanding general; and local reasons may ex-
ist as the Army may progress rendering this very
necessaiy. It is expected that this Army will
move into a warmer climate. The winter months
are now rapidly flying, and wc shall presently
have entered on the summer months as this change
takes place. This will expose our brave troops
to new causes of disease. It is, therefore, very
desirable that it should be composed, in part at
least, of men born on the soil. This, it can hardly
be doubted, would increase the efficiency of your
troops.
Again, sir, there are millions of people whose
loyalty is noL doubted in that part of the United
States heretofore known as States, in which the
State governments have been overturned, where no
State government now exists that can be recog-
nized by you as such; in which there is no legal
Governor, where there exists no legal Legislature,
where there exists no legal judicial tribunal to
whom the people can appeal for protection of their
lives, their liberty, or their property. They are
totally at the mercy of a gigantic insurrection, a
gigantic rebellion; and a direct proposition to
oiganize the loyal people in those districts, to
organize them as the mihtui of those districts, and
to aim them for their own protection, would meet
with my approval. Whynot? Is it said that those
who are now controlling, who are leading on this
insurrection and this rebellion, would take offense
if you include colored persons in this organiza-
tion? Why consult them ? Are they not your
enemies? Are they not using all the means that
God and natuie and ait have placed under their
control to crush out your Government? Among
these means you find the industiy and energies
of four millions of loyal coloied people. They
would gladly rush to your standard. Then why
not organize them, and place them in a condition
to defend themselves and their country from its
enemies^ If their rebel masters object that this
would be dangerous to their peace and safety, let
them learn that safety alone can be secured under
the folds of the flag of the Union.
I am therefore opposed to the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Delaware, and am m
favor of stronger measures than that proposed by
the joint resolution itself. I see no good reason
why a man of color may not present his body as
food for powder and lead in defense of the Ameri-
can flag. I see no reason for confining his ener-
gies to currying horses and performing the drudg-
ery of camp life. Why not permit him to aid in
digging ditches, in electing fortifications, in hand-
ling oidnance,and in performing all the duties of
a soldier's lite? 1 know that the Senator from
Kansas did not contemplate all this in the propo-
sition now pending 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Iowa that I wished to be under-
stood that the Government of the United States
was not committed in this joint resolution to the
policy of arming the slaves. Permit me here to
say, however, and I wish ltdistmclly understood,
that if I had the comninnd of that army, while 1
would not commit the Government to the policj ,
I would say to every slave: " I lnve not arms for
you, but jf it is in your power to obtain arms fi om
rebels, take them, and I will use you as soldiers
against traitors." [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ordei ! Per-
sons occupying seats m the galleries are not per-
mitted to make these demonstrations either upon
the one side or upon the other. By the rules of
the Senate, and by the imperative order of the
Senate, without waiting for a motion, a repetition
of the offense will be followed by an immediate
order to clear th<=  galleries.
