3278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
consisting ofMissouri, Iowa,Minnesota, and Kan-
sas, will in a very few years be greatly above that of
theStatesofOhioandlndianaunited. Thisseventh
circuit, consisting of Ohio and Indiana, is one of
the smallest circuits within the limits of the United
States in geographical extent and in numbers.
Why is this? Why arc these inequalities intro-
duced? What is there at the bottom of it ? I say
nothing aboutjudgeships,andI care nothingabout
judgeships, but I wish to see the territory and the
population j present and prospective, properly and
equitably divided for the accommodation of per-
sons having business in the courts. That is all I
desire; and it does seem to me that by a little mu-
tual consultation by those who are interested in
this matter, the scheme which I have suggested
maybe easily agreed upon and carried out. 1
have no doubt it will be agreed upon if we set
ourselves-about it earnestly.
1 see in this committee of conference—I allude
to it without any disposition .to censure the au-
thority by whom the committee was appointee!—
that, on the part of the Senate, the committee con-
sisted of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Wright,]
a Senator from Vermont, and a Senator from New
Jorsoy, gentlemen certainly very learned in the
Iqw, very competent, gentlemen in whose integ-
rity and knowledge we have the utniostconfidcnce,
but gentlemen who are really little acquainted with
the wants or the feelings or the tastes of the west-
ern and northwestern population; and on the part
of the other House, the committee consisted of a
member from Ohio, a member from Iowa, and a
member from Kentucky. My State was not rep-
resented at all, Wisconsin had nothing to do with
it, Illinois was unrepresented on the committee.
In the committee no northwestern man, except the
Senator from Indiana, was appointed on the part
of this body to hold this conference. Now, sir,
we want a chance, we want an opportunity to con-
sult)!' tins matter and to make a different arrange-
ment, one which will he more satisfactory to the
country, more satisfactory to the Northwest, more
consistent with our commercial and social rela-
tions and connections than this is; and I appeal
to the Senate to non-concur in this report, and to
direct the appointment of another committee of
conference. If we fail after making another at-
tempt, t shall acquiesce; but I think we ought to
have one more attempt to arrange the circuits in
a manner that shall not so grossly disappoint the
people of my State and Wisconsin.
Mr. WRIGHT. I shall not detain the Senate.
I hope we may have a vote. If, after this ques-
tion has been pending for six months, after the
action of the two Houses and of a committee of
free confidence, we cannot pass this hill now, 1
tell Senators they will never get one.
Mr. HOWARD. I can tell Senators tlmt we
will got one; I have not any doubt about it.
Mr. IUCE. Will it be in order to make a mo-
tion that the further consideration of this question
be postponed until next December?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) That motion will be in order.
Mr. RICE. I move that the further consider-
ation of the subject be postponed until the second
Monday of December next.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate disagree to
the leportof the committee of conference and ask
for another oonfeience.
Mr.SII ERM AN. I think the question is, "Will
the Senate concur in the report of the committee
of conference ?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate disagree to
tin: report and ask for a new committee.
Mr. WRIGHT. Hut the first question is
whether we concur.
Thc-PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair sup-
poses that the ordinary form of the question would
be on concurring, but when a motion is made that
the Senate disagree to the report and ask for another
conference, the present occupant of the chair,
though not well advised in such questions, is of
opinion that the motion is in order. The motion
is that the Senate disagree to the report and ask
for another conference.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is that the way in which the
question is to be put?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the form
of the motion.
Mr. WRIGHT. I supposed the question would
be put on concurring in the report.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from those mere
familiar with parliamentary law than I am that the
question of concurrcnce has precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present oc-
cupant of the chair is liable to be mistaken on such
a question.
Mr. HOWARD. If there is no appeal from the
decision of the Chair, I think we had better take
the vote on the motion to disagree to the report and
ask for another committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that motion to be in order.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I understand it, these
; are equivalent votes. If the Senate should refuse
: to concur in the report, it will then be open to ask
for another committee. The question is whether
the Senate will concur. If they concur, there is the
end of the matter. If they non-concur, it will be
open, as the Senator from Michigan desires, to a
motion for the appointment of another committee,
i think the parliamentary form is, " Will the Sen-
ate concur in the report of the committee ?"
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall vote to non-concur
for the purpose of having a new committee, but I
suppose in whatever form the question is put, it
amounts practically to the same thine.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Itis moved that
the Senate disagree to the leportof the committee
of conference and ask for a new committee.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordcied.
Mr. WRIGHT. I want the question divided.
I wish to vote first on concuriing or non-concur-
ring.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The motion is
to non-concurand ask for a new committee ofcon-
ference.
Mr. WRIGHT. The latter branch of the mo-
tion is a distinct question.
Mr. WILSON, ofMissouri. I wish to inquire
of the Cl«iir what will be the effect of the vote pro-
posed to be taken. Suppose the Senate vote to
non-concur, what will be the effect of that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will ask
for a new committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. But suppose on
this motion a majority of the Senate vote the other
way, what then is the result? Is that report con-
curred in, or must there be another vote?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the re-
port will be concurred in.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do I understand the Chair
that if the Senate should vote against the motion
to non-concur, that would bo a concurrence m the
report? Would that bo an acceptance of the re-
port and an agreement to it.?-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir. The
Chair was mistaken in that suggestion. The ques-
tion then would be on concurring. It is the im-
pression of the Chair that ordinarily the question
is, " Will the Senate concur m the report of the
committee but a motion made to disagree to the
leport and to ask for a new committee of confer-
ence is a different question from that of merely
agreeing or disagreeing. If the question was either
to agree or disagree, it should be put affirmatively.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 dcsiretocome to the point
in the most simple and proper form. I ask that
the question be divided. Whether we disagree to
the report, and whether, if we disagree, we shall
ask for a new committee, are two different things.
Now on the fust quest ion, whether the Senate will
disagree, 1 desire to know if thatdoes notamount
to the same question as.whether we shall concui ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then the question should
be put on concurring.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
front Vermont asksforadivision of the question.
If the question be divided, it will be put affirma-
tively. The question then, is, " Will the Senate
concur with the report of the committee of con-
ference?"
Mr. HOWE. 1 was not here when the report
was made, and I simply ask, for information,
whether the report recommends that the Senate
recedo, or that the House of Representatives re-
cede? This bill, I understand, has passed the
Senate in some form. Docs the report recommend
that the Senate recede from its former vote?
A Senator has kindly put the information in my
hands, and I see by the report that the committee
recommend that the House concur in the Senate
amendment, amended as follows:
The districts of Louisiana, Te.\as, Arkansas, Kentucky,
and Tenne&scf shall ronstitutPthe sixth en cult; the district?
of Oluo and Indiana shall constitute the seventh circuit-
Mr. GRIMES. It simply puts Michigan with
Wisconsin and Illinois. That is the only change
from the bill as it passed the Senate before.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the purpose of a
portion of the Senate—those who do not wish to
concur in this report—is to get another committee
of conference; and it seems to me that the proper
question to be submitted to the Senate is, that the
Senate insist upon their former vote; and if they
shall insist upon the former vote, then a motion
for a new committee of conference will be in or-
der. That strikes me to he the proper motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is, "Will the Senate concur in the report of the
committee of conference ?" If that shall be determ-
ined in the negative, it will be open to a motion
for the appointment of a new committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the'yeas and nays
upon the question of concurrence.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clatk, Collamei, Cowan, Fcs-
<scnden. Foot, Foster, Grimes, Haihui, Hams, Henderson,
Lane ot'Indiana, Lane of Kansas Morrill, Pomeioy, Powell,
Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eycic, Trumbull, Wil-
son of Massachusetts, YViKou ofMissonii, and Wrnzht—24.
NAYS—Messrs }>iownin<r. <?mhle. Chandler, Doolittle,
IJownul, Howe, Kennedy,'McDougall, Rice, Staik, Wil-
kinson, and VViJJey—12.
So the report was concurred in.
CONFINEMENT OF SOLDIERS.
On motion of Mr. WILSO.N", of Massachusetts,
the bill (PI. R. No. 524) prohibiting the confine-
ment of persons in the military service of the Uni-
ted States in the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia, except as a punishment for certain crimes,
and to discharge therefrom certain convicts by
sentence of courts-martial and for other purposes,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that hereafter no person in
themilitary service of the United States, convicted
and sentenced by a court-martial, shall be pun-
ished by confinement in the penitentiary of the
District of Columbia, unless the offense of which
the person may be convicted would by any statute
of the United States or at common law, as the
same exists in the District, subject the convict to
that punishment, or he should be convicted of
mutiny, or desertion, or an attempt to incite to
mutiny.
All persons in the military service who have
heretofore been or may hereafter be convicted and
sentenced by a court-martial for any offense other
than mutiny, ordesertion, oran attempt to incite to
mutiny, which, if tried before the criminal court of
the District, would not subject such person to im-
prisonment in the penitentiary, and who are now
or may hereafter oe confined therein, are to be
discharged from imprisonment, upon such terms
and conditions offurtherpunishmentas the Pres-
ident of the United States may, in his discretion,
impose as a commutation of the sentence. Upon
the application of any citizen of the United States,
supported by his oath, alleging that a person or
persons in the military service is confined in the
penitentiary under the sentence of a court-martial
for any offense, other than mutiny, or desertion,
or an attempt to incite to mutiny, not punishable
by imprisonment in the penitentiary by the au-
thority of the criminal court, it will be the duty of
the judge of the court, or, in case of his absence
or inability, of one of the judges of the circuit
court of the District, if upon an inspection of the
record of proceedings of the court-martial he shall
find the facts to be as alleged in the application,
immediately to issue the writ of habeas cotyus to
bring before him the convict; and if, upon an in-
vestigation of the case, it shall be the opinion of
the judge that the case is within the provisions of
this act, he is to order the convict to be confined
in the common jail of the District, until the de-
cision of the President of the United States as to
the commutation shall be filed in the court, and
then the convict will be disposed of and suffer
such punishment as by the commutation of his
sentence may be imposed. No person convicted
upon the decision of a court-martial is to be con-
fined in any penitentiary in the United States,
except under the conditions of this act.
