2318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
The Secretary read the next items, as follows:
On patentor enameled cloth, three per cent, ad valorem.
On machine belting of* all kinds, a duty of three per cent.
ad valorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thccommittec pro-
pose to strike aut both these items.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On conducting hose of nil kinds for conducting water or
other fluids, a duty of three per cent, ad valorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thccommittee pro-
pose no amendments to this item. The next will
be read.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On wine, made of grapes, five cent;? per gallon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thecommittce pro-
pose to strike out this item,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to know why that is to be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that there are
about ten thousand acres of land in Ohio, Mis-
souri, and California on winch the experiment is
being tried whether or not wo can make wine from
the grape. So far, it has been unprofitable to
nearly every one engaged in it. It is rather an
amateur employment; but I hope it will be devel-
oped into an important branch of industry. We
thought on the whole, as the tax would be very
small, not amounting to $10,000, and the whole
production being, I believe, stated at about two
millions, and but a small amount would be col-
lected from a great number of persons, that it was
better to impose no tax on it, at least for the
present.
Mr. HOWE. I am not going to argue the
question; but I wish simply to say that I did not
concur in the amendment in committee,and shall
not concur in it in the Senate, i see no reason in
the world why this tax should not be put on, and
whyit should not be raised four or five times this
amou nt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to remark that the
wine should be put on the same footing as eider
or the expiessed juice of othei at tides. This is
a tax, and about the only tax on agricultural pio-
duction. It is a direct tax upon the grape. There
is no more propriety in taxing the wine, which
here is the simple juice of the grape, than in tax-
ing the apple <,-r the juice of the apple. It is a
mere experiment thus far. The tax would have
to be collected from a great number of small deal-
ers, who probably cultivate a single acre, or two
or three acres, mostly Germans m Missoun and
Ohio. It would yield but a very small amount; it
would be scarcely worth collecting; and I trust
we will strike it out. The sellers of this wine, as
well as the sellers of other spirits, pay a license,
and in that way you get a tax; and when it is
manufactured into anything else it will be taxed
three per coni. ad valorem just like any other manu-
factures. As it is now by the House bill, it will
be a tax on agncultuinl production, and the only
one contained in the bill that 1 now remember,
where the whole value consists simply in express-
ing the juice of an agiicultural production—a
mere experiment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Co mmittce on Finance
have stricken out that provision of the bill winch
levied a tax upon eo^niac brandy manufactured
out of whisky that kills at forty rods everywhere,
[laughter;] and however wisely or unwisely they
acted in that jegaid, I think they have acted very
wisely in striking out this pioposition m the
House bill to tax wine front the pine grape. 1
should regaid it as the greatest boon that could
be confeired upon this country if we could stim-
ulate this manufacture, so that wine will be as
common in the country as cider used to be in New
England when I was a boy. If you are going to
tax the man who has a quarter of an acre or half
an acre fora vineyard—for wherever they are cul-
tivated they do not average an acre—I cannot for
my lite conceive why, if you are going to tax the
production ot that acre or half acre, you should
not also tax the cider that is produced from the
oichard of the farmer in New England and else-
where. You exempt them. Why not exempt
tlusr I think neither of them ought to be taxed,
i think it is the policy ol theGovciument to stim-
ulate this production.
AJ.i. HOWE. I think I have as extreme an
appreciation of the value of this article as my
friend from Iowa. I certainly do not mean to dis-
parage the production of it. I think myself it is
one of the greatest blessings in the country, ex-
cept perhaps whisky. [Laughter ] But the ar-
gument in favor of taxing whisky, as I understand
it, is not that you want to discourage the culture
of corn or rye, which enters into the manufacture
of it, but you say it will not be discouraged. You
say the man who drinks it will continue to drink
it, although you have a tax upon it of fifteen cents
a gallon. Now, your inference is thata man will
not drink wine if there is a tax of five cents upon
it. Senators talk about tins being a tax on agri-
culture. None of the taxes are to be paid really
by the parties who advance them to the Govern-
ment. They do not come out of the incomes
of the manufacturer at all. They advance the
money to the Government, and the consumers of
the article repay it to the manufacturer. I cannot
believe for a moment that the distinguished Sen-
ator from Iowa will drink any less of this bless-
ing, imbibe it any the less because it pays a duty
of five cents a gallon, or a duty of twenty-five
cents a gallon. I do not understand upon what
principle you should discriminate in favor of this
particular liquid. I am perfectly willing you
should put'a tax on cider, if you think it worth
while. I have not the slightest objection. You
put it on tea and coffee.
Mr. DAVIS. What does this wine sell for?
Mr. HOWE. From four to eight dollars agal-
lon. It depends upon its age, I suppose, in a great
measure. I am not familiar with the process; for
everybody here knows my habits, I take it. I do
not drink wine or other liquors.
Mr. GRIMES. I never drank a pint of it in my
life. I do not say that, though, to exculpate myself
fiom the insinuation of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. Hut the value of this article is over-estimated
by the Senator about fourfold. There is a good
deal of it manufactured in my immediate vicinity.
There are some thirty or forty thousand gallons
manufactured m the town where I happen to live.
When it is manufactured it averages fiom eighty
cents to a dollar a gallon; and the persons who
manufacture it are hardly able to hold their heads
above the waves. It is manufactured in small
amounts. A German will have an eighth of an
acre; another a quarter of an acre; and they man-
ufacture a little wine, and they have a common
wine cellar where it is preserved. It will be a very
onerous tax upon ail that class of our citizens, if
every gallon of wine they have manufactured has
got to be measured out and a tax levied on it. You
had better put ten times the amount of the tax on
something else. It is not confined to the German
population but is extending to the American pop-
ulation. I would lather myself put a hundred fold
the same amount of tax on someothci article pro-
duced by our people than put it on this article.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the amendment of the committee to strike out the
item and declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr.HOWE. I call fora division. ["Oh,no!"]
There is a quorum present.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Letitstand
until we go over the bill again.
Mr. HOWE. Very well. Then I shall try it
again.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On vanish, made wholly or in part of gum copal or other
giiin* oi sub-taiice-, five per cent, ad valorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thecommittce pro-
pose no amendment to this item, and the next
will be read.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On (nr..-, of all disci lptions, when made up or manufac-
tuied, three pei cent, ad valotcni.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike out this item.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary lead the next item, as follows:
On eluth and all textile or knitted or felted fabrics of cot-
ton, wool, or other matenalw, a duty of three per cent, ad
vafaicm: Provided, That when the cloth is sold or delivered
evejiisivelvfor dveing, puntinir, bleaching, or to be finished
and prepatcd in nnv oiln-i mannet, the dun shall bu as-
M>M'd on the* article so finished and prepaid for u-e, or
consumption ; and thread oi \ ni n mamuaetuied and .-old or
deiiwied exclusively lor knitted labitcs, or for weaving,
when the £ pinning and weaving for th« manufacture of cloth
of anj kind are earned on -ep.uately, shall not be regaided
as manufacture* within the meaning of this act; hut all
f.ibucs of cotton, wool, or other nintenal, u hethei woven,
kmt, or felted, when finished for sale, shall be legaided as
manufactures, and be subject to the duty as above of three
per cent, ad valorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thccommittee pro-
pose to add, after the word " materials," in the 
two hundred and fifty-ninth line, the words, " be-
fore the same has been dyed, printed, bleached,
or prepared in any other manner."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee fur-
ther propose to amend by striking out all after
the words "provided that," in the two hundred
and sixty-second line, down to and including the
word "and," at the end of the two hundred and"
sixty-sixth line, in the following words:
When the cloth is sold or delivered exclusively for dye-
ing, printing, bleaching, or to be finished and prepared in
any other manner, the duty shall be assessed on the article
so linUhed and prepared for use or consumption; and.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the two hundred and
seventy-thirdand two hundred and seventy-fourth
lines, the words" when finished for sale" should
be stricken out, because the duties are chiefly im-
posed upon it before it is finished for sale. I
move to strike out those words.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, to which no
amendment was proposed, as follows:
On all diamonds, emeralds, and all other jewelry, a tax
of thiee per cent, ad laloicm.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The clause which
will next be read the committee propose to strike
out.
The Secretary read, as follows:
On and after the 1st day of May, 1863, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid, a tax of one cent per pound on all cot-
ton held or owned by any person or pei«Jon*, coiporation, or
association of peisons; and such tax shall be a hen thereon
m the possesion of any pei->on whomsoever. And fuither,
if any pei^on orper<oiis, corpoiation, or association of per-
son^, shall remove, eanj. oi transpoif the same from the
place of it^ pioduetion befoio said tax shall have been paid,
such pci%on oi persons, corpoiation. oi association ot per-
son--, s-hall loifeit and pay to the United States double the
amount of Mich tax, to lecovoied in any court having
jiuisdiction thereof: Provided, however. That the Conmus-
Monei of Internal Revenue is heiebv authorized to make
stieh iuIin and regulation-; as he may deem proper for the
payment of t ud tax at places diffeient from that of the pro-
dnetion ot said cotton: *4/k/ pi o ruled fin I her, That all cot-
ton owned and held by any nrinutketuiei of cotton fabrics
on the l>«t day of May, 188:2, and prior thei eto, shall be ex-
empt fiom the tax lieieby imposed.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know why
this item is stricken out; why we are not going to
tax cotton as well as tobacco and other agricul-
tural products ?
Mr. COWAN. It is raw material.
Mr. GRIMES. Is not tobacco ?
Mr. PESSENDEN. The bill is predicated
upon the idea of taxing manufactures and not the
raw material. I think this is the only exception,
unless you consider coal a raw material. The
items of coal and cotton were put in in the House
of Representatives. They were neither of them
rep tilled from the Committee of Ways and Means,
as I understand; the House put m both. The
Committee on Finance have retained the tax on
coal and struck out that on cotton. Coal is worth
nothing until it is actually taken out of the earth;
and digging itand prepanngit may be considered,
perhaps, a manufacture; but with icgard to cotton
there was another consideration. We put a tax
upon all manufactures of cotton; and the House
of Representatives, although they gave a draw-
back on manufactures and put n tax upon cotton,
did not give a drawback upiffc the cotton; that is
to say, they did not give the drawback of the one
cent, which is the amount of the tax on the raw
material, though they did give a drawback on the
cotton itself when exported unmanufactured. It
will be observed at once how that would operate.
If you gave a drawback equal to the tax laid on
the manufactured article and taxed the cotton here
and gave a drawback on unmanufactured cotton,
the result would be that the foreign manufacturer
would get the benefit of it; he would not pay the
one cent, and we should. That is not a very de-
sirable result, certainly. I suppose that the thing
might be obviated very readily, so far as that is
concerned, by not giving any drawback upon the
raw cotton, but giving a drawback on the cot-
ton when manufactured. Our manufactures do
not go out of the country to a very large extent,
so that then the cent would apply not only to cot-
ton used in this country but elsewhere, and we
