1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32t9
The bill was reported with amendments by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
the first of which was in line seven of section one,
to strike out the woul " any," before " statute,"
and insert" sortie."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of the
first section the words "or such person be con-
victed of mutiny, or desertion, or an attempt to
incite to mutiny."
■ Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied that the amend-
ment ought not to be adopted. The preceding
portion of the section provides that no person in
the military service shall be sent to the peniten-
tiary of the District of Columbia unless the of-
fense of which the person may be convicted would
by some statute of the United States or at common
law in the District of Columbia subject such con-
vict to that punishment. There is no statutory
law of the United States, nor is there any common
law in this District, under which any person can
be convicted of a mutiny or an attempt to incite
to mutiny,no matter how outrageous orgrievous it
may have been; and yet punishmentforoffensesof
that kind ought to be inflicted, and I do not know
any safer or any more satisfactory way, both in
point of humanity and otherwise, than to send
them to the penitentiary of the District of Colum-
bia. If we want to maintain subordination in the
Army, we must reserve the power to punish men
of thatdescription. I am perfectly well aware that
we are legislating under a great load of prejudice
that has been thrown on courts-martial in conse-
qucnce of the conduct of some of our military tri-
bunals within the last few months; but we ought
not on that account to deprive ourselves of the
power of punishing flagrant cases of mutiny and
attempts to incite to mutiny in the military ser-
vice.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The bill
provides that no personam the military service
shall be sent to the penitentiary unless his offense
would, by a statute of the United States, or at
common law, as that law exists in the District of
Columbia, subject him to such punishment; and
then there is added the clause, "or such person
beconvicted of mutiny, or desertion, oran attempt
to incite to mutiny." The person so convicted
must be convicted under the rules and articles of
war; and to allow such persons to be sent to the
penitentiary, it was thought, would be liable to
great abuse; and there are other modes of punish-
ment by which persons who incite to mutiny or
who desert or who are convicted of mutiny, may
be punished without being sent to the peniten-
tiary. There are outrageous cases in which, per-
haps, such persons ought to goto the penitentiary;
but it is a very remarkable tact that wo have had
a large numberof persons sent to the penitentiaiy
for the most trivial offenses,as the evidence goes
to show; and it is rather a lnud thing, in myjudg-
ment, tu take a volunteer who enlists m the sei-
vice of his country, who commits some trivial
offense under the influence of intoxication or of
a fieak of passion or something of that kind, for
which, at common law, you could not get a jury
to convict lum and fine him ten dollars, and by
the sentence of a court-martiaL send lum to the
penitentiary. If, however, the Senate think that
this last amendment ought not to be adopted, of
course they will vote it down. The committee,
under the best examination they could give to it,
thought it best to strike out these words. We
have so reported; we have the result to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. COLLAMER.. Suppose a court-martial
are sitting in California, and they want to sen-
tence a man for an offense, and rather than shoot
him they propose to put him in prison: how will
they know whether 111 the District of Columbia a
man can be sent to the penitentiary for that of-
fense or not? They have no means of knowing
anything about it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. T suppose
they have their law books, as you have.
Mr. COLLAMER. They may know what the
common lawprovides for; but how can they know
every offense for which a man may be sent to the
penitentiary m this Distiict?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The offense
is to be one which under the statute law or the
common law as it exists in this District would
subject a man to imprisonment in the penitentiary.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope this amendment will be
adopted. I do not like the idea of punishing for
military offenses'by a sentence to confinement,
imprisonment among felons. I know a case of six
young men, some of whose families I know per-
sonally, young men well educated, who have main-
tained a good character through life, who have a
spotless reputation, who are now serving in the
penitentiary among felons, for, as it is said, hav-
ing refused to march without arms. I believe it.
I hope that Congress will never sanction a sen-
tence like that. If this bill be not passed, I shall
be put to the necessity of going to the President
to get a pardon for these young men. They must
come out of there; they will come out of there;
the President will not hesitate to pardon them;
but the law ought not to allow such young men
to be imprisoned among felons. It is not the place
for them. There are other ways of punishing for
this soit of insubordination, though it may be
called mutiny or attempt at mutiny.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt the Senator
from New York used to teach the young men
whom he educated that it was a very unsafe rule
to argue from the abuse of a thing that the thing
itself ought not to exist. It is undoubtedly true
that personal rights and military rights have been
violated. It is so always when we are in a con-
dition of war. It is so especially when you are
relying upon a volunteer force, and relying upon
volunteer officers to hold your courts-maitial who
are utterly unfamiliar with every thing of this kind.
The men who composed the courts-martial who
have sentenced these men to whom the Senator has
alluded to the penitentiary, are men who have not
been accustomed to being engaged in that kind of
business. They have never acted as judges-advo-
cate; they have never acted as military judges;
they have not been in the habit of weighing testi-
mony; and they have been on the march all the
time. There has not been, probably, an oppor-
tunity to the persons who were arraigned before
these tribunals to procure their testimony as there
ought to have been. Doubtless there^iavo been
great hardships. Nobody pretends to defend these
courts-martial; but because that evil has existed,
and because wrong has been done to these men,
will you say that in all cases which may occur
hereafter within our national domain, there shall
be no power to send a soldier to your penitentiary,
or confine him anywhere underan order of a coui t-
murtial ? That is the effect of it. Here is a man
who is guilty of mutiny, of who incites to muti-
ny; who overthrows the constituted military au-
thorities of the Government, and yet, by striking
out this provision,you say that man shall not be
punished.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Shall not
be punished by confinement in the penitentiary.
Mi\ GRIMES. What other punishment have
you to inflict upon him ? What can you do .with
him? It is said you do not want to incarcerate
him with felons. He is the very worst kind of
felon. He .strikes at the very basis of your Gov-
ernment. Who is guilty of a greater offense than
a man who gets up a mutiny ? I know perfectly
well that I am arguing the unpopular side of this
case, but I say that it is very unsafe for us by le-
gislation to declare that men shall not be punished
when guilty of a flagrant violation of military lawj-
and that is the effect of this, because, besides pro-
hibiting the use of the District penitentiary, there
is a clause declaring that they shall not be incar-
cerated in other penitentiaries. What are you
going to do with them ? Keep them on bread and
water, paying them,exempting them from theper-
formanee of military duty, from all camp duty ? It
is the very thing they want.
Mr. HARRIS. I am utterly opposed to ming-
ling punishment for military offenses with pun-
ishment for civil oflenses. There are various ways
m which to punish sufficiently all insubordination,
all mutiny, all other military offenses, without
attaching to the volunteer soldiers the ignominy
of civil crimc.
Mr. GRIMES. The Scnntor will allow me to
suggest that the ignominy does notconsistin the
punishment, but in the perpetration of the offense.
Mr. HARRIS. I deny that. Take the case
of these young men. They may for the moment
have been insuboulinate, it may have technically
amounted to mutiny; but they are young men of
the highest respectability, and their families are
so. i would never allow my son to enter the
Army, if by any such means ho could be covered
with infamy by sentencing him to punishment in
a penitentiary. I think .there are many men who
would not. It is .wrong in itself; it is doing injus-
tice to our volunteers. The very idea that here
are a hundred young men belonging, to the best
families of our country who have volunteered to
serve the country, who have by .this hasty mode
of trial been subjected to this ignominious pun-
ishment, is enough to excite the indignation of the
country. I hope these words will be stricken out;
and if there are not modes of punishment in the
Army sufficient to meet the case, provide them,
but do not send these men to an association with
felons. They do not belong to that class of the
community.
Mr. RICE. My understanding is that no court-
martial has the right to sentence a soldier to be im-
prisoned in any jail orany penitentiary throughout
the United States. It has been for years custom-
ary—I am not able to refer to any law authorizing
it—where a man connected with the military ser-
vice has deserted or committed a crime, and he is
found far from a military depot, to place him for
safety, for the time being, within a jail or peniten-
tiary; but whenever the convenience of the service
rendered it proper, he was taken before a court-
martial, and there received his sentence. There
is not an instance in the history of the United
States where a soldier has been sentenced to con-
finement in a penitentiary or in a jail. It is mix-
ing the civil and military authorities together,
which certainly are incompatible with each other.
They are tried by different tribunals; their sen-
tences are different, A person in civil life con-
victed and one in military life convicted for offences
are never put together, and never should be.
Mr. HARRIS. They are now.
Mr. RICE. I am speaking in accordance with
the usages and laws of the country, not in regard
to what the necessities of the occasion may have
required recently here. I have seen soldiers—I
am told honorable men—who mistook the orders
of their commandcrs, or who, not being thor-
oughly conversant with the rules and articles of
war, had innocently departed from them. They
have been tried by a military court, and sentenced
sometimes to pay a fine, sometimes to have their
pay stopped for a few days or a few months, some-
times to be kept under guard for a few weeks; but
never in the history of the country did an instance
occur m which they were honsigned to the cell
of a felon. Men picked up here in our country,
young formers and mechanics, never read the mil-
itary law, never looked over the regulations gov-
erning the military or the militia of the country;
and because one of them happens innocently to do
something that conflicts with the stringent laws
and regulations of war, it is wrong that he should
be consigned to a cell by the side of a man who
had committed one of the most infamous crimes.
Adopt that principle, and no man of any honor
will enlist hereafter in the Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The amend-
ments which follow in the other sections are pre-
cisely like it.
The Secretary read the next amendment, which
was, in section two, line four, to strike out the
words "other than mutiny or desertion, or an
attempt to incite to mutiny."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in section three,
lines five and six, to strike out the words "other
than mutiny or desertion, or an attempt to incite
to mutiny."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported back to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred in
and ordered to be cngiossed, and the bill to be
read a third time. The bill was read the third
time, and passed.
COMMERCE OF i'UE PACIFIC STATES.
Rfr. McDOUGALL. I laid upon the table, the
I day before yesterday, a resolution which was then
| objected to. I move now to take it up.
j! The motion was agreed to; and the following
: resolution was considered ami adopted:
Revolt erf, That the Ptebident be requested to have pre-
pared a lull icportof the loicign and domestic trade and
commerce of the States of California and Oiegon, and
Washington Tenitory, to be submitted at the next session
of Congicdsj for the u«o, of the Senate.
