THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIB OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 6.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1862.
New Series No. 22.
ated the appointment,as has been said here, incor-
rectly, as I believe, and as I shall be able to show
—if he had distinctly declined that appointment
and entirely discarded it—1 should have been con-
tent, as I stated in my written statement to the
committee, to leave the question with them; and
if they had decided that whatever impropriety the
sitting member might have committed, he had not
forfeited his seat, j should have gone home with-
out a murmur against the action of the Senate.
But that was not the course pursued by the sitting
member. He did not repudiate the appointment
according to my understanding of the facts, and as
I believe I am authorized to say, according to the
understanding of every member of the Committee
on the Judiciary.
It seems, sir, according to the testimony of Col-
onel William Wecr, who was before the commit-
tee a short time since to give testimony in this
case, that lie came with the sitting member to the.
city of Washington, and went with him when he
applied at the War Department for the appoint-
ment of brigadier general. The sitting member
received from the Secretary of War tile letter of
appointment which has been read, with the order
authorizing him to raise two regiments of sol-
diers. He came out of the War Department and
handed them to Culonei Weer, went before a mag-
istrate of this city and took the oath of office as
brigadier general, and then authorized Colonel
Weer—1 do not know whether in writing or ver-
bally—to go to Kansas and raise the troops of this
brigade winch it was his intention to command.
Colonel Weer was the authorized agent of the
sitting member for the purpose of exercising the
functions of brigadier general in raising these
troops m Kansas. Colonel Weer stated to the com-
mittee that he had no other authority, that he re-
ceived no commission fiom any quarter other than
thatgiven him by General Lane, until mthe month
of September, after Congress had adjourned; and
during all that time he was engaged as General
Lane's agent in raising the troops in Kansas,
making up the brigade which General Lane after-
wards commanded in the field.
Now, sir, when I presented my memorial to the
Senate of the United States, General Lane arose
in this body and made a speech, reported in the
Congressional Globe of the last session, page 82
■—which I lieaul at the tune, and know to be sub-
stantially as reported—in which lie said:
"I desne to f-tate, however, for the information of the
Senate and the eountiy. that, under an order trom the Sec-
retary of VV'ai, I am now engaged, tlimugh my colonels, in
otgauizmg u btigade m the State oi Kansas."
" I am now engaged, through my colonels, in
organizing a brigade in the State of Kansas." Ho
had sent Colonel Wecr, Colonel Weer alleging
he had no authority but what was given him by
General Lane, and had none other until Septem-
ber, at the same time stating that General Lane
never withdrew that authority. He carried this
famous proclamation to Leavenworth. General
Lane states indeed that he did not sign it as brig-
adier general, but he states in the printed docu-
ment which he laid upon your table a few days
ago that lie piepated it.
" Believing the substance of those proclamation? would
d<> good, and inspne confidence among the pc-ople, they
weie prepaied, but not signed by me, as can belully pi oven
by Colonel William Weer, of the fourth Kansas icgunent,
who expects to testify in my behalf."
Mr. President, if any member of the Senate will
read these proclamations, especially that of the
25th of June, he will see that throughout the whole
of that document it represents General Lane as
acting in the capacity of a brigadier general. He
believed the publication of that document would
do good, and prepared it in order that it should
be published. More than this: Colonel Weer
states that he took the letter of appoiutuientgivcn
to Genera! Lane to Kansas; and m order to give
authority to his acts, he read that letter ofappomt-
ment to the people there. He assured the people
that General Lane had taken the oath of office;
and, armed with this authority—the appointment
by the President, the oath of office, and the au-
thorization conferred upon him by General Lane
22
—he proceeds to exercise the functions of brig-
adier general; and General Lane, in the Senate of
the United States, on the 12th day of July, de-
clares that he was then engaged in organizing a
force. I know, sir, that the sitting member en-
deavors to draw a distinction between the organ-
ization of this force and the exercise of the func-
tions of brigadier general; but I leave it to the
intelligence and judgmentof every member of the
Senate whether any such distinction can be drawn.
And then I presentanotherquestion: supposingit
to be true that he was acting simply in the organ-
ization of those regiments—taking the authority
read by the honorable Senator from Kentucky—
if he was merely raising the regiments under that
order of the Secretary of War, he was exercising
the functions of an office under the United States;
for it matters not how unimportant the duties of
the office are, it matters not that it has no com-
pensation, as the case of Van Ness shows, he was
exercising the functions of an office. I ask you,
sir, by what authority of law or of the Constitu-
tion the Secretary of War can give an order to a
member of this body; by what authority of law
a member of this body can be made the agent of
the Government of the United States for the pur-
pose of raising troops, conferring authority, as
General Lane did confer authority upon Colonel
Weer and others, for the purpose of involving the
United States in large expenditures?
Now, Mr. President, with regard to this proc-
lamation it will bo remembered by members of
the Senate that I stated that I myself had printed
that proclamation in a document which I laid be-
fore the Committee on the Judiciary; that I sent
a copy of it to the sitting member, requesting him
to come before the committee, or to inform me
whether the facts were correctly stated. A copy
of that letter is in the file of papers. The sitting
member acknowledged before the committee that
he received that paper. It was two or three weeks
after that paper was received, after this procla-
mation had been published in all the leading pa-
pers of the United States, Colonel Weer stating
that General Lane was in the habit of receiving
the paper in which it was originally published;
and he never contradicted it, he never in any way
publicly denied the authority to issue that proc-
lamation in his name; and Colonel Weer states,
farther, that he never withdrew the authority upon
which he conceived that he had the right to issue
it in the name of General Lane.
But the honorable gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] the other day made a point
upon the oath which General Lane took, as re-
ported by the committee:
'• f, James! II. Lane, appointed a bngadici general in the
Aimy of the United ytato, do solemnly swear"—
Now, says the honorable Senator, he was not
appointed in the Army of the United States, he
was appointed in the volunteers. Well, arc not
the volunteeis the Army of the United States as
much as the regular Army? Undoubtedly they
are. But suppose there was an error in that reci-
tal. What is the oath ? The oath is not contained
in that recital, but it is thus he swears—
"that twill bear fiue allei'iance to the United States of
America; and that! will s-oi ve them honestly and fatthnilly
attaint all their t'umnes 01 opposer.> whatsoever, and ob-
serve and obey rhe orders of the Pie=ident of the United
States, and the eiders ot the ofiiceis appointed over me."
That was the substance of the oath—an oath
to obey the orders of the President of the United
States. I think, .sir, that there can be no quibble
even made upon that point, that the sitting mem-
ber did not take the oath of office.
Mr. President, I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the correspondence which took place
on the 26th and 28th of July, during the session
of Congress, between the sitting memberand the
Adjutant General of the Army of the United States.
It is to be found in the Piesident's message. I
refer to this with a view of showing the entire
mistake of those gentlemen who assume it as a
fact that before General Lane took his seat in the
Senate of the United States he had formally repu-
diated or declined the appointment. He does not
himself say so. I ask the Secretary to be good
enough to read the letter of the Adjutant General
to General Lane and General.Lane's reply,to be
found in that document.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, July 26, 1861.
Sir: I am directed by the Secretary of War to remind
you that, although appointed a brigadier general of volun-
teers by the Fie«ident, on or a"bout the 20ih of June last
you have never yet signified >our acceptance or non-ac-
ceptance of the appointment, as required to do in the letter
notifying you of its having been confened, and to add that,
under the circuin>cances, you cannot be nominated to the
Senate.
I am, sir, verv respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. THOMAS,
•Adjutant General.
Hon. James II. Lane, United States Senate.
Washington City, July 28,1861.
Srn: When the Kansas brigade is organized, as contem-
plated by the letter fiom the Secretary of Wardiieetedtoine,
of date 20th June, and when I shall have ascertained that
my sei vices aie desired by tiie ofiicersj and men of that brig-
ade, then I will communicate with your Department on the
subject of your note of July 26. It affords me pleasure to
inloim you that the brigade is filling up rapidly, and will, [
hope, be ready to take the field by the 10th of August. X
speak the desires of the Kansas congressional delegation
when I request your Depaitmcnt to postpone the appoint-
ment of hiigadtet general foi the Kansas brigade until their
wishes as to their leader be ascertained and communicated.
Youis, titiiy, J. H. LANE.
Biigadier Gcneial Thomas,
•Adjutant General United Slates Jlrmy.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. President, it there ap-
pears that when the Adjutant General of the Uni-
ted States wrote General Lane that he had neither
accepted nor declined the appointment, General
Lane ic plied, not that he had accepted, nor that he
had declined, but that he was waiting to hear an
expression of opinion from the brigade; when the
brigade should elect him brigadier general, then he
would consider the proposition, and he begged that
the matter might be deferred until that time. I
think every member of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary will testify to the correctness of what I say,
that this supposition that General Lane had de-
clined the appointment of brigadier general was
not, at any time, before that committee, or that
any such pretense was made,during the last ses-
sion, by General Lane himself. On the contrary,
the committee will remember that he argued, in
the first place, that he had not been appointed;
that the letter of the Secretary did not convey an
actual appointment; but that, when the brigade
was full, lie would be appointed. He never stated,
at any time, that he had taken the oath of office,
or, except in this speech, that he had authorized
Colonel Weer and others to raise this brigade in
Kansas, and that Colonel Weer was then, during
the whole of the laut session, acting in his name
and by his authority in raising this brigade. Un-
der these circumstances, 1 have a right to say that
1 have been misled by the conduct of the sitting
member. I have a right to say (hat he is bound,
in hisindividual capacity,as to hispeisonal rights,
by his representations, and cannot escape from
that responsibility.
Now, sir, in reply to the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Harris,] who says that
in order that there should bo an officor there must
be an office, and,there must be an appointment to
a legal office; I say that for this pin pose of making
a man personally responsible for his acts and his
representations, it is not necessary, according to
all the authorities of law. that there should be
anything of the kind. It is only sufficient that
he represents himself to be such an officer and
assumes to act as such an officer. Ho is bound
by his acts and representations, and it does not
lie in his mouth, according to the language of the
book, to deny them.
It is said that this doctrine of estoppel is odious.
Take the plainest and simplest case which illus-
trates the principle. If A builds a house upon B's
lot, and B stands by and peinnts him to do it
knowingly, and especially if in any way he mis-
leads him by his act, he is estopped from denying
the right of A. The sitting member, by his proc-
lamations, by his authorization to Colonel Weer,
