3280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12.
ELECTION OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to take ]
-n House bill No. 525, which was up the other
day, and, I think, ordered to a third reading, so
that the question is on its passage. I think there
will be no delay in passing it; it is a bill provid-
ing for the election of Representatives by single
districts.
The motion was agreed,to; and the benate re-
sumcd the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
525) in relation to the election of Representatives
to Congress by single districts.
The bill was passed.
CONSTITUTIONAL QUORUM.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion submitted by him:
Resolved, That a majority of the Sr>iialoiN duly clected
to seats m this foody is a constitutional quotum.
Mr. COLLA.MER. I propose to make a very
few remarks in relation to this question of what
shall constitute a quorum of the Senate. It is said
in the Constitution that a majority of each House
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. A quorum of the Senate consists of the
majority of the Senate, and of course the whole
question turns upon this, what constitutes a Sen-
ate ? It would seem to a man, ill the mere exorcise
of ordinary common sense, that the Senate was
composed ofSenators. It is difficult to see how it
can bo composed of anybody else but Senators.
But it is insisted that that is not so, or else it is in-
sisted that the Senators consist of two classes,
those that have been elected and those that have
not been elected. That is the way all mankind arc
divided, into those that have been hung and those
that have not been hung. [Laughter.] That really
leminds one very much of the mail who after the
publication of "Thirty Years in the Senate," pub-
lished his "Thirty Years out of the .Senate."
[Laughter.] 1 cannot conceive how there can be
such a thing as Senators neverelected. It is to me
a confusion of ideas. There is a sort of jumble in
it that 1 cannot comprehend.
I know there has been a great ileal of learning,
and a great many precedents have been submitted
about this matter; but it seems to me that, after
all, the case is perfectly clear, not merely from the
exercise of common sense, as I have mentioned,
but from the very words of the Constitution itself
in express language. It is not true that those who
made the Constitution involved any such contra-
diction as talking about a Senate that was not com-
posed of Senators; and, to my mind, it has alto-
gether arisen lYom undertaking to road a definition,
and reading only half of it.
"The Senate of tiie United states slmll'be composed of
two from each State."
Im that it ? Is that the Constitution ? All the re-
marks ihul have been made, and almost ail the
precedents which have been quoted, have been
uj>on the ground that that ended the sentence, that
that was all there was of the definition; but that
ks not ho. The sentence is tins:
' The Hi'iiate of tho United States shall bo composed of
two Senators from each Suite, chosen by the Legi.iUtme
Uwreof."
That is all o no sentence; not "two Senators
from each State,** stopping there, and then mak-
ing piovision that the Legislature shall chooso
these Senators. That is not it, nor is it" two Sen-
ators to l o elected." It is that " the Senate of the
United Stales Uiall he composed of two Senators
fiom each State, chosen by the Legislature there-
of." "What composes the Senate according to these
words? The two Senators from each State who
have been elected, who have been chosen. Such
are the woids of the Constitution; such is the
common sense of the thing. Would it not be
stwui£e language if it were otheiwise? A provis-
ion of the Constitution here is that, even a minor-
ity of the Senate may send for absent members,
the members who will make the body. Are you to
send for members that have never been elected?
That would seem to be the doctrine. If a State
was entitled to elect, but did not, whom would
you send for? Tomy mind, the question is simply
os I have stated it, and it is implied m these words
of the definition itself, as well as in the nature of
the thing, otherwise we are involved in all th«ab-
surdities of talking about a Senate composed of
men who never were Senators of the United States
who never had beenclected, and there is no telling
when they will be, or who they are, when elected.
To my mind, therefore, it is a clear case. 1 he
Senate is really composed ofSenators; and what
makes the body is the number of those Senators
who have been legally elected. Thcy-compose
the body, and a majority of that body constitutes
a quorum. You may talk about the inconven-
ience of having an uncertain number: you cannot
escape that altogether m any way; some will die;
I do not know that any ever resigned. It was
said, in Jefferson's time, that none who held office
ever resigncd;-but some die, and some may pos-
sibly remove from the country, and there will be
an uncertainty about it anyway. That is unavoid-
able always. #
But men may ask me, what if there should be
only one or two or three States who elect Senators ?
It will be time enough to settle that question when
it comes. When that state of circumstances arises,
it will be time enough to settle that question. That
is not a question before us now. I am, however,
in no way unprepared to give my impressions
about it. To my mind, in all popular Govern-
ments, majorities govern, unless some other ar-
rangement is made by the conventionalities by
which they exist. I am not very fond of being
pushed out to reason exactly why that is so. I
do not know but that, if it were earned out, it
would be found to be resolved at last into mere
physical force. A majority can govern, and will
govern. They will because they-can; and they
can because they have more physical force; but I
do not wish to run out into any abstractions of
that kind. That is the principle and theory of
popular government. I do not sec but that with
that theory, which runs through all popular gov-
ernment, it is possible, after all the contrivances
and ingenuities and inventions of men, that a ma-
jority can destroy government. I do not say that
they have a right, but I say they have power, and
it is obvious enough in our own Constitution. W^e
see it allAhe way through. If, the whole Senate
being full, a majority of Senators agreeing in a
plan choose to sit back in their chairs and say,
" We will vote no (supplies for this Government,"
there is an end of your Government. When the
election of President devolves on the House of
Representatives, the Constitution says that the
man having the largest number of votes shall be
clected, provided that is a majority of the whole
number of States. Suppose a majority of States
will not vote; it is the end of your Government.
You may go on and suppose a thousand particu-
lars in which they may have the power, if not the
right, practically to put an end to a Government
by a mere nonfeasance, without any direct vio-
lence. But it certainly must be equally true that
the majority have the right to support the Gov-
ernment, continue it, and maintain it. That must
be so in the nature of things. Therefore, so long
as you have a majority of the States who do elect
their Senators,and you have Senators enough to
make up and represent a majority of the States
of the Union, a quorum of that body is made up
of a majority of those Senators. If it should ever
come to this, that you are reduced at last to a
minority of States, whether they can constitute a
Senate, it is not necessary now to inquire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to enter into
the argument of this subjcct, and do not intend to
do so. I entertain picciseiy the same opinions with
the Senator from Vermont, and have from the be-
ginning, but perhaps upon somewhat different
grounds, though I concur fully in the force of his
argument. 1 so voted when the question was up the
other day. I think the matter is of importance, and
we ought to pass the resolution, not in reference
to this session or any necessity that may be upon
us during this session. We have Senators enough
to pass ail necessary votes without fearing any
want of a quorum. But, sir, the suggestion has
been made m one of the public papers, and it has
struck me with great force, that it is very possible
in the present state of the country, if we should
adjourn as we intend to do, that we may be called
together upon a sudden to act at once upon im-
portant public measures, when there would not be
time, probably, to collect Senators enough, under
the present rule, to make a quorum in season to
act; and as that is a chance that may occur, I be-
lieve it to be important that before we adjourn we
pass this resolution, and the sooner we pass it
the better, if it is right that it should be passed, in
order to meet that possible contingency which may
arise. I hope, therefore^ the Senate will act upon
the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the question
of a quorum depends upon the Constitution; but
we approach its consideration with the knowledge
that in England, which was the home of ourinsti-
tutions, and especially of parliamentary law, for
a long period anterior to our Constitution, the quo-
rum has been fixed by usage. But perhaps it may
be said that usage is the authority for the larger
part of the English constitution. Itis also stated
that in this case of the (juorum this usage is liable
to alteration. The parliamentary law on the ques-
tion is thus stated by Mr. Cashing, in his elabo-
rate work on the Law and Practice of Legislative
Assemblies:
"In the liritisli Parliament, according to ttie ancient and
invariable usage ol" the two Houses, as evidenced by their
rules, thice is the number necessary to constitute a quorum
of the Loids, and forty a quorum of the Commons, 'these
numbers, respectively, although established by and depend-
ent upon usage meiely, and within the power of each House
to abrogate or change at any time, have, nevertheless, the
foiee of standing oiders ; that is, they are equally binding
anon every succeeding Parliament until abtogated, and do
not requiie to be specially adopted in older to beinlorce."
—Page 95.
It will be observed tliat the quorum of the Com-
mons, numbering upwards of six hundred per-
sons, is only forty, and this number appears to
have been recognized as long ago as 5th January,
1640. At an earlier day more than sixty had been
required, and it appears that an attempt was made
in the Commons, March 18, 1801, to make the
quorum sixty, but it failed. For a short time in
1833 and 1834, the quorum, for private business,
was fixed at twenty.
The quorum of the Lords, numbering upwards
of four hundred, is only three. A spectator at the
law sessions of the House of Lords will be struck
by the appearance of the Lord Chancellor on the
woolsack, in wig and gpwn, listening to the argu-
ments, with two lay lords sitting on the benches
merely to make a quorum, so as to give constitu-
tional force to the decision of the Lord Chancellor.
The origin of this quorum, which has the sanction
of unbroken usage, seems to be lost in the night
of antiquity. It is probably founded on the ancient
maxim of the Roman law, tresfuciunt collegium—
" three make a college"—a word which is equiva-
lent, in some respects, to our word corporation.
Thus, according to parliamentary law, two
things appear: first, the quorum of each House is
within the control of the House; secondly, it is
now and always has been in each House much
smaller than a majority.
But with us the quorum, in general terms, is
fixed by the Constitution. It is not left to usage
or the control of each House; butit is reasonable
to infer that any question on the meaning of the
Constitution, arising from the generality of the
language em ployed, may be interpreted in the light
of parliamentary law. 1 ndeed, this is only accord-
ing to the rule under which all technical words in
the Constitution are interpreted. -For instance,
where words known to the common law, or to the
English chancery, are used by the Constitution,
they are to be interpreted according to the com-
mon law or the English chancery. Mr. Wirt, in
his admirable argument on the impeachment of
Judge Peck, has stated and indicated this rule of
interpretation. Here are his words:
"The Constitution secures the trial by jury. Where do
you get the meaning of ztrialbyjury? Certainly notfiom
the civil or canon law, or the law of nations. It is peculiar
to the common law; and to the common law, therefore, the
Constitution itself refers you for adesctiption and explana-
tion of this high privilege, the trial by jury, and the mode
of proceeding "in those trials." * * * * "I
insist that the moment a court of common law or a court of
equity is established under the authority of the Constitu-
tionals mode of ptoceeding and its poWcr of self-protec-
tion arise with it, and that the very name by which it is
called into being authorizes it fo look at once-to the English
archetypes fur its government in the^e particulars."—Im-
jieachmcnt of Judge Peck, p. 499.
According to this rule, so clearly enunciated,
the words "quorum" and " House," which are
derived from the parliamentary law of England,
may be explained by that law; so that, in the case
of doubt, that law is to a certain extent imbodied
in the Constitution.
The Constitution deelares that a majority of each
House shall constitute a quorum to do business.
The rule, it will be observed, is the same for each
House. But the question arises, what is a ma-
jority of each House ? Or, rather, putting aside
