THE CONGKfeSTONAT, GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series No. 206.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JULY 14, 1862.
all question with regard to the House of Repre-
sentatives, which is perfectly free to determine
for itself, what is the majority of the Senate ?
In fixing the quorum at a majority, rather than
any smaller number, our Constitution followed
the law ofbusiness corporations, where a majority
always prevails, according to an old maxim of
the common law, ubi major pars est, ibi est totum;
" where the greater part is, there is all." Tins
rule seems so reasonable that it has been vindi-
cated by an eminent authority as founded on the
law of nature. Here are the words of the great
jurist Savigny:
"The will of a corporation is not merely the concurring
will of all its members, but that even of a bare majority.
Therefore, the will of ;i bare majority of ali its existing
members, is to be regarded as having the di«p<jsal and being
invested with all the rights of the corporation. Tins rule
is founded on the law of nature, masmueh as if unanimity
were demanded it would be quite impossible for any cor-
poration to will and to act itls also continued by the Ro-
man law."—Saviguy's System of Roman Lau\ vol. 2, p.
329, sec. 97.
But the question still (Tccurs, what is the major
part of the Senate? Is it the major part of the
abstract or theoretical Senate, or the major port of
the real Senate? In other words, is it the major
part of the Senate contemplated by the Constitu-
tion, with two Senators from each State*, or the
major part of the actual Senate, counting only
those who are entitled to vote? Of course, at the
present moment, there is a wide difference between
the two cases.
There are several clauses of the Constitution
applicable to this question. I group them together:
" The Senate shall bo composed of two Senators from
carh State, chosen by the Legislature for fix years."
11A majority of each House shall constitute a quorum to
do business."
" The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Homes shall
deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Con-
stitution."
UA quorum for the purpose [the election of Vicc Presi-
dent] "halt consul ol two thuds of the whole number of Scn-
ato.„, tind a majority of the whole number shall be neees^uy
to a choice."
In the first two cases a quorum is a majority of
t\ o thirds of u each House." In the third case it
is two thirds of " the whole number of Senators."
It is probable that " the whole number of Sen-
ators" is equivalent to the term " House," so that
the rule may be considered the some in all these
castas. But what is the " House ?"
The Senate dejure consists of two Senators from
each State.
The Senate de facto may consistof the Senators
actually elected and qualified, or merely of Sena-
tors actually elected.
The question whether the 44 House"shnll be the
Senate de jure or the Senate de facto is now within
ourdiscretion. The question has been raised,and
the way is open to adopt either interpretation, nc-
coi ding to the meaning of the Constitution, as seen
in the light of parliamentary law, and, I may add,
of convenience.
According to parliamentary law, the whole ques-
tion should be in our hands.
According to convenience, the quorum should
be founded on the actual Senate, being the Sena-
tors duly elected and qualified.
Sir, if ever the argument of convenience was
strong—peculiarly strong—it is now, when, by a
wicked rebellion, eleven States have undertaken
to withdraw their Senators from this Chamber,
thus reducing our numbers heie. It is not neces-
sary to assert that these States are to be no longer
counted among oui stars. It is enough if we de-
clare that their vacant chairs shall no longer be
counted in our quorum. As the language of the
Constitution has been drawn into doubt, it seem*
to me clear, according to the principles of parlia-
mentary law, that it is within the control of the
Sen uh to be determined according to all the teach-
ing of reason and of convenience, with a view to
the public welfare. Any other-interpretation will
leave the Senate to ail the hazaids of disorganiza-
tion by treason, or it may be by indifference. If
the Senate declines to exercise this power, it wiil
abandon an essential principle of self-defense.
An extreme case may be put, where, through de-
206
fection, the actual Senators are reduced to a mere
handful. But the rule is not to be tried by any
such extreme case, which can occur only when
the Government is broken up.
I rest confidently on this double conclusion:
first, that the words of the Constitution with re-
gard to the quorum of the Senate, so far as they
are considered as doubtful, are to be interpreted
in the light of parliamentary law; and secondly,
that, in the lightofparliamentary law, these words
are within the control of the Senate, to be inter-
preted according to its own ample discretion under
the exigency ofthe occasion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I would
prefer that this discussion should go over until
Monday. I did not anticipate its being called up
to-day. I understood from the Senator from Ohio,
after the resolution was laid upon the table on a
former day, that he did not propose to call it up
again. I had occasion to state then that this was
a question well settled by authorities; and I should
like the opportunity to bring befoie the Senate the
well determined law to be found announced by our
own most eminent jurists, before any final action
shall be taken on this proposition. This is a grave
matter. I look upon it as nothing else than a clear
and palpable attempt here in the Senate to violate
the Constitution with regard to the organic law
of the Senate; and the doctrine, if laid down and
maintained, will be a most dangerous doctrine. I
have been surprised at heating learned, experi-
enced Senators undertake to maintain the sound-
ness of the proposition advanced by the Senator
from Ohio.
This is not, as suggested by the Senator from
Massachusetts, a question of construction; it is a
question of the plain letter of tiie Constitution, laid
down m terms that he who runs may read, and
reading, understand; and the accepted interpreta-
tion, as stated by the Presiding Officer in the paper
read to the Senate the other day, is sustained by
almost the uniform course of determination in this
body.
The remark made by the Senator from Vermont
that there was some confusion in regard to the
terms " Senate" and " Senators," I think was a
mistake on his part. If I should say that there
was a want of observation on the part of the Sen-
ator making the remark, I should come much
nearer the uulh. The Senate is one thing, Sena-
tors are another. The Senate is the creature of
the Constitution established and fixed by funda-
mental law, receiving, it is true, vitality and power
of action through Senators, but when the law cre-
ates the organization and bestows the right, there
is the Senate. It may exist rudimentally or in
right only, if you please, as the Senate. Would
there not be a Senate of the United States in con-
templation ofthe Constitution and the laws if there
were no one elected? Suppose all these seats were
vacant and had to be filled by the next coming
Legislatures of the different States, would there
not be a Senate to which persona eould be elected ?
Certainly. It is the Constitution that organizes
the body and bestows the liiihtand that makes the
Senate. In order that the Senate may act, there
must be Senators. Now, the Senate is composed
of two Senatois from every State of the Union;
and whether ali are elected or not, the right of each
State to have two Senators is an existing thing.
For instance Congiess meets by general laws
on the fust Monday of December; "the congres-
sional term commences on the previous 4th of
March. For Representatives in many ofthe States
elections are held between the 4th of March when
the right to the office commences, and ihe first
Monday of December, when the session by law
commences. Now suppose it weie true that all but
three States of the Union provided for an election
on tlie first Monday of August between the 4th of
March and the first Monday of December, and an
extra session of Congress were called on the 4th
of July, and but three Stales had Representatives
elected, will Senators undertake to say that the
Representatives of those three States could go on
and ma toe laws for the Union ? The affirmation of
a proposition of that kind is simply absurd. They
would notconstitute the House of Representatives,
which is another creature of the Constitution.
One member from each congressional district or
so many members from each State according to
population compose the body which is the acting
House of Representatives when the body is full or
when it has what the Constitution calls a quorum.
The distinction presented by the Senator from
Massachusetts is a pregnantone between different
clauses of the'Constitution. The two-thirds vote
required is a two-thirds vote of Senators, not two
thirds of the Senate 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will read the Constitution, he will observe
thatitis two thirdsof each House, not two thirds
of a quorum.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Thatisoneoftheclauses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I will state to the Sen-
ator, if he wiil allow me, that it has been uni-
formly held under this clause, where a bill is vetoed,
that two thirds of a quorum is sufficient to pass it
over the President's veto, notwithstanding the lan-
guage of the Constitution is that it shall require
two thirds of each House. The same language
applies when Congress proposes amendments to
the Constitution. I raised the question myself at
the last Congress, when an amendment was pro-
posed to the Constitution of the United States.
Under this clause, " the Congress, whenever two
thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary,
shall proposeamendments," I raised the question
that, in order to have two thirds of each House,
it was necessary to have two thirds of the whole
number of which each House was composed; that
"a House" was something different from " a quo-
rum." The Senate, however, unanimously de-
cided against me, that " a majority of the House"
and " two thirds of the House" meant a majority
or two thirds of a different body.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I grant you this is a Sen-
ate when there is a quorum; that is, it is one of the
Houses with power to do business, when theie is
a quorum.
JVir. TRUM BULL. The Senator will allow me
to make myself understood. The point is just
this, that a quorum is not the House. The lan-
guage of the Constitution is, that a majority of
each House shall constitute a quorum to do busi-
ness. Two thirds of each House may do certain
things which a majority cannot do; but the Con-
stitution nowhere calls a majority of each House '
a Senate or a House of Representatives, but calls
it a quorum.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I take it a quorum would
be a House for business purposes. That is a very
different thing from the term used here. And ob-
serve this is for the purpose of determining when
laws may be made; it is a fundamental elementary
rule. When may the Senate, when may the House
of Representatives undertake to make laws for the
Confederacy? When there is a quorum of the
Senate, the Senate may act. This was intended
as a restraining term to prohibit action without
those elements being brought together thatconsti-
tute a majority of the Senators, to be elected from
the several States. The absurdity of the rule
maintained on the other side is presented and illus-
trated by the case which I put from the House of
Representatives. On any other rule, what con-
stitutes the body which may make laws or aid in
mak i ng laws in the Senate will be subject to change
from day to day. How are we going to know,
how is the Presiding Officer to know, how will the
President know, how will the country know by
any process, whether at any one given day there
was a sufficient body here to pass upon a law ? If
a man should die absent from the city, a Senator
of this body, it would change the quorum. If a
man should resign, it would change the number
requisite fora quorum. Every change in this body
would change the number requisite for the pas-
sa^ of laws—a th 1112: not to be considered. How
will the Piesiding Officer be able to determine
whether there is a body here sufficient to gi ve sanc-
tion to a bill? - It cannot be done.
I say, then, that the terms of this clause cannot
be construed; they must be taken as they are laid
