3282
THE COISTGrBESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
down in the text. What constitutes the Senate
is precisely and exactly stated, and it is especially
provided that a majority of the Senate shall con-
stitute a quorum, not a majority of the members
present, not a majority of the members elected,
but a majority of the Senate, that is, of the men
who by Virtue of right-may occupy places here
representing their several States.
There has been determination by the courts as
to what these words mean. As I remarked be-
fore, the same terms have been incorporated in the
organic, laws of almost every municipal corpora-
tion, of almost every private corporation; and what
the law has pronounced to be their meaning in one
instance, the law would pronounce to be the mean-
ing in the other instance. I undertake to say that
there is not a lawyer here who has not had fre-
quent occasion to notice a uniform series of de-
cisions holding that the quorum representing the
incorporation and transacting its business must be
a majority of all who may fill seats in that body.
As I suggested on a previous day-—suppose a board
of directors composed of eleven, and there were
six vacancies, five remaining in, less than a ma-
jority, could three members of that board of direc-
tion go on and transact the business of the corpo-
ration, sell Us slock, sell its lands, convey its
estates, dispose of its property? Theie is no busi-
ness man in the United States that would not know
better than this. He would know that it could not
be so on genera! principles. And so of this great
incorporation, of winch we arc to a certain extent
directors: can it be said that because there are va-
cancies in two-thirds of the seats of this body, one
third may go on and dispose of the public domain,
inanimate war, contract peace, transact all the
business of the Government? It is simply absurd.
Gentlemen will recognize, [suppose, the opin-
ions of eminent judges in a jeguUvr scries of de-
termination on language the same as this, as au-
thority. I should like to have an opportunity to
bring those decisions before the Senate. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has talked about the Ro-
man law. I do not think the Roman law has
much to do with the Constitution of the United
States. Ilia illustrations 1 think very far fetched,
and indeed altogether inapplicable. The rules
that he lays down are perhaps altogether sound, .
and might be sound in this country and sound at
the pn sent time, but they have nothing to do with
the etise in hand.
But, Kir, 1 am not disposed to occupy the time
of the Semite at this period in discussing any of
these questions. As I have said, 1 should like to
bring before the Senate the well-considered judg-
ments and opinions of our most eminent jurists
on this very question, and I trust the Senate may
listen to them before they take final action, in
my mind, this is a clear attempt at a violation
of tin- fundamental iaw of the Constitution, and
that fundamental law as it relates to the organiza-
tion of this body While I think the Constitution
iias been violated more than onceduiing the present
session of Congress, in my judgment this would
be one of its most fatal stabs, if there be a revo-
lution in the South, do notletus commcnce revo-
lutionizing here in tins Senate Hall, when our busi-
ness is to put our foot upon revolution and upon
rebellion and an attempt at the overthrow of the
Constitution. Let us not be active agents our-
selves in the same most mischievous, dangerous
work.
Mi. DAVIS. This matter was considered in
the Convention that adopted the Constitution, and
thatConvention manifestly treated the majority of
the whole Senate as a quotum to do business.
There were repeated efforts made in that Conven-
tion to make a less number than a majority of the
whole body a quorum to do business, and all of
them were voted down. The original plan of the
Constitution that was reported to the Convention,
and which undot went very extensive debate, con-
tamed this provision in article six, section three:
t{ In each Ilou.-e a majority of the members shall consti-
tute a quorum to do bu-mrss, but a smaller number may
adjourn ftum da> to day."
The position of the Senator from California I
think cannot be contested with any reason, that
wheie a quorum is spoken of in relation to any
numeral body, be it a corporation or a legislative
assembly, by the force of the term it means a ma-
jority of the whole body that constitutes the or-
ganization. If a bank charter is passed authorizing
the appointment of seven directors, and it provides
that business may be done by a quorum, the gen-
eral sense of the whole world would be that the
quorum there was a majority of the board. I hat,
according to my reason, is the plain meaning of the
term " quorum'Mn relation to all numeial bodies.
It means a majority of the body, and in any Con-
stitution orlawpassed bya!egislativebody,orm
any act whatever that introduces the term quorum
in relation to a numeral body, it would necessarily
import a majority of that body. A quorum fre-
quently consists of a less number than a majority,
but in what classes of cases ? In precisely those
classes of cases where the law itself, creating and
organizing the numeral body, constitutes a less
number than a majority of the whole to be a
quorum; and unless the law or the Constitution
expressly declared that a less number than a ma-
jority should be a quorum, the term " quorum"
would necessarily import and require a majority
of the numeral body. I will read what was said
in the Convention when this subject came up for
debate.
" Aitiele six, section three, was then taken up.
" Mr. Gorham contended that less than amajontyin each
IIou*c should be made si quorum; otherwise gieat delay
might happen in business, and great inconvenience from the
futuie increase of numbers."
In the clause of the Constitution under consid-
eration, the term " House" is used both in rela-
tion to the Senate and House of Representatives.
The number of the House of Representatives is
ascertained by the Constitution. In relation to the
Senate, the term " House," as used in the Consti-
tution, means that body represented by two mem-
bers from each State. That is the House when
the Senate is spoken of as a House, and it is noth-
ing short of a representation of two members from
each State to constitute the Senate. What was
said in the Convention upon the proposition of Mr.
Gorham, that less than a majoiity in each House
should be made quorum ?
'< Mr. Minicim was. also tor less than a majority. So great
a number will put ii in the power of a few, by seceding at
a critical moment"- *
Just the case that has now happened—
" to introduce convulsions and endanger the Government.
Evimple* of hece^ion have ulieady happened m <omo of
the States, [le was for leaving it to the legislature to fix the
quorum, as in Gieat Britain, where the icmunte number is
small and no inconvenicucc has been e.\p<-uenced.
<k Colonel Mason This m a valuable and necessary part
of the plan. In this extended countiy, embracing so great
a diversity oi lnteiosts, it would be dangerous to the distant
pai ta, to allow a small numlvr of members of the two Houses
to make laws. The eential States could always take care
to he on the *pnt ; and by meeting eailier than the distant
otkn, oi weaiying llieir patience .uid out-stayuig them,
could cairy such inea-nitt^ a* they pleaded. He admitted
that inconvenience* might spring fiom the secession of a
small nnmbei ; but lie had also known good piodueed by
an appiehension ot it.
u lie h id known a paper emission pi evented bv that cause
in Vngnna. lie ihouglit the Constitution,as now molded,
w;is founded on sound piinciples, and wa-> di^po^ed to put
into it < \ten-ive povveis. At the *.ame time he wished to
guard against abuses as much as possible. If the legisla-
ture should be able to reduce the number at all, it mightre-
duce it as low as it pleaded, and the United States might be
governed by a junto. A majority of the number u iueh had
been agreed on was so few that he ieaiedit would be made
an objection against ihe plan.
" Mr. Kino admitted iheie might be some danger of giving
an advantage to the central States, but wa*oi opinion that
the public inconvenience on the othei side was more to be
dieaded.
" Mi. Gouvfiineur Morris moved to fix the quotum at
thirty-thiee membeisin the Hoine ot Representatives and
fourteen in the Senate. This is a majority of the present
number,and will be a bar to the legi-latme Fix. the number
low, ami they will generally attend, knowing that ad\ an tape
may be taken of their absence. The recession of a small
numbci ought not to be '-uflVied to bteak a (juoium. Such
event4? in tlie Suites may have been of little consequence.
In the national councils they may be fatal. Iiesides other
mischief, U a lew can break up a quoi um, they may sei2e
a moment when ap.uticular paitof the coninientmay bo in
need of immediate aid, to ettoit by tin eatemng a secession,
some unjust and selfish measure.
'•'•.Air. MiRciiU seconded the motion.
"Mr. Kino -aid he had justpt epared amotion which, in-
stead of lixing the numbeis proposed h\ Mr. Gouverneur
Moiris asquoi urns, made those the lowest numbers, leaving
the legi^latiueat lilieity to mci ease them or not. He thouirht
the future increase of membeis would render a majority oi
the whole extremely cumbersome.
" Mr. Mlkceii agreed to substitute Mi. King's motion in
place of Mr. Moray's.
Mr. Ellsworth was opposed to it. Itwouldbea pleas-
ing ground of confidence to the people that no law oi bur-
den could be imposed on them by a few men. lie re-
minded the movers that the Constitution proposed to give
such a discretion, with regard to the number of Represent-
atives,.that a very Inconvenient number was not to be
apprehended. The inconvenience of secessions may be
guaided against by giving to each House an authority to
require the attendance of absent members.
" Mr. Wilson concurred in the sentiments of Mr. Ells-
worth.
"Mr. Gerry seemed to think that some further precau-
tions than merely fixing the quorum might be necessary.
He observed that as seventeen would be a majority of a
quorum of thirty-three, and eight of fourteen, questions
mi"ht by possibility be carried m the House of Represent-
atives by two large States, and in the Senate by the same
States with the aid of two small ones. He proposed that
the number for a quorum in the House of Representatives
should not exceed fifty nor he less than thirty-three; leav-
ing the intermediate discretion to the legislature.
" Mr. King. As the quotum could not be altered, with-
out the concurrence of the Pi evident, by less than two thirds
of each House, he thought there could be no danger in trust-
ing the legislature.
" Mr. Carroll. This would be no security against the
continuance of the quorums at thirty-three and fourteen,
when they ought to be increased.
" On the question ot Mr. King's motion, that not less than
thiriv-three in the House of Representatives, nor less than
fomtecMi in the Senate, should constitute a quorum, which
may be increased by a law, on additions to the members
in either House—Massachusetts, Delaware, ay—2; New
Hampshire, Connecticut, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ma-
ryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geoigia,
I10" Mr. Randolph and Mr. Madison moved to add to the
end of article &ix, section three, < and may be authorized to
compel the attendance of absent members in such manner
and under such penalties as each House may provide.'
Agreed to bv all cxcept Pennsylvania, which was divided."
— Madison Papers, vol. 3, pp. 1287, 1288, 1289,1290.
The subject there was considered by the con-
vention; it was brought before them; and their own
interpretation of the clause in the Constitution was
that a majority of the whole number of the Senate
and of the House constituted a quorum, and that
no less number than the majority of the whole
did constitute a quorum of either House.^ The
inconvenience resulting from the absence of mem-
bers breaking up the quotum according to the
meaning of the Constitution, and of the men who
framed the Constitution, and that result being pio-
dueed by secession, the very case now under con-
sideration, all came before the attention ol the
convention, and were debated and considered, and
against all arguments of convenience, the conven-
tion adhered to the original principle and retained
the clause precisely as it was, requinnga majority
of the whole number of each House to constitute
the quorum, giving, however, to a less number the
privilege and the power to send for absent mem-
burs, in order to compel their attendance. 1 have
read ftom the debate upon the subject in the con-
vention, because it is the most satisfactory rea-
soning that can be given.
I hold, with the Senator from California, that the
present proposition is one to violate and to amend
the Constitution; it is nothing short of it. I think
it is the most radical and /-evolutionary and dan-
gerous of all the propositions that have ever been
made in Congress. The Senator from Illinois
made the question at the last session; he properly
made it; and the ground upon which he stood
when he made it was invulnerable in my judgment.
The meaning of the Constitution now is precisely
the same thatit was before he made that question,
and before the Senate overruled the question as
he made it. The decision of the Senate at that
time upon the proposition does not affect the ques-
tion now, and I hope it does not affect the judg-
ment and opinion of that able lawyer in relation
to this point; it ought not.
In relation to. the other House, how is it? The
free States generally elect their Representatives
one year before the meeting of Congress, thcslave
States the succeeding year. This fall most of the
free States will elect their Representatives to the
next Congress. In the State of Kentucky, and in
most of the slave States, I believe, the elections
will not come on until August of next year. It
sometimes happens,ithashappened twice,at least,
m the course of our history, that extra sessions of
Congress have been called before the elections in
the slave State took place. The elections in the
free States constituted at that tnne all the members
of the House that were elected. In addition to that,
they constituted a majority of all the members of
the House. If the elections m the other States had
taken place, if the whole of the members of the
House had been filled up by elections, the mem-
bers elected from the free States a year before they
were elected in the slave States would have con-
stituted a majority of the whole number of the
House, and in addition to that, those members
elect would have constituted all the membeis of the
House that weie then elected. In the year 1841,
and last year, when the special sessions of Con-
gress were convened by the proclamation of die
President, why did the President not pcnint the
House to convene in the absence of the im-mbers
