1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
I desire to ask the Senator a
I shall be done in a few min-
Mr. HARLAN.
question.
Mr. BAYARD.
utes 
Mr. HARLAN. My-question is pertinent to
the point of the argument the Senator is now pre-
senting. I desire to know if, in his opinion, the
President can appoint an unlimited number of
brigadier generals?
Mr. BAYAR.D. I am not saying that the Pres-
ident can appoint an unlimited number, and it
seems to me to be beside the question. The ap-
pointment may be irregular; the President may
go beyond his powers; but if he appoints to an
office known to the laws, and the party accepts it
and acts under it, it would be a most dangerous
doctrine to hold that his acts were all invalid, en-
tirely and absolutely, and especially in reference
to an appointment of this kind. If he holds the
office de facto, in my judgment, he comes within
the intent of the Constitution. That is what I
mean. Allow me to illustrate a step further,
though it cannot affect this case now; but suppose
it had occurred before. I understand, and if I can
rely on the current history of the day, I believe
that the honorable Senator has been in command
of a body of men in the State of Missouri since
the last adjournment of Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to correct
that, so that we may have a fair understanding.
Mr. BAYARD. Of course, I want the facts
right.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. When I left here after
theadjournmentof Congressat the special session,
I passed through Indianapolis, and the Governor
of my native State of Indiana presented me with
a commission as brigadier general. I had not then,
however, determined to take the command of any
troops.
When I reached Kansas, I found there a condi-
tion of things which appealed to me. I put the
case to any Senator upon this floor. Kansas was
about being invaded by the army of Price? over
ten thousand stiong. I have been at the head of
the armies of the people of Kansas for five years.
That people looked to me; and I say that, if I had
not gone to the scene of action,even asaprivate,
I should not have discharged my duty to that
State. I went there to do my duty, to save the
people that had honored mo. There was no offi-
cer of the Government there beyond a colonel.
The forces of Kansas were scattered; 1 called them
to defend their own firesides. They came*, and of
the troops that I commanded, those that were un-
oiganized numbered three to one. They were the
people. Unorganized, they came to defend their
homes. As the courser falls info the ranks of the
passing column, so did 1 fall into the ranks of that
army m my usual place; the people acquiescent
and I wilting. Look at the orders and proclama-
tions issued from that army. How arc they signed?
"J. II.Lane, commandmgKansas brigade." Not
as brigadier general, either under State authority
or under the'appointment of the General Govern-
ment. The moment that Pnce was driven beyond
our border, the moment the danger to Kansas
ceased, that moment did I lay down the command
given to me by that people—not from the General
Government, nor from the State government.
Look at the speech made at Leavenworth, m
which I publicly announced, announced to all the
woild, that I was not a brigadier general; that I
was commander of that army by virtue of the
authority of those whom I commanded.
Mr. BAYARD. Mi. President, the honorable
Senator goes into an argument, not confining him-
self to a statement of facts. I was only using this
as an illustration, not at all as aOeciing the pres-
ent case in any other way. The honorable Sen-
ator, I believe, in command of forces, armed men,
did enter the State of Missouri, and his operations
were m part conducted there. At least the papers
said so, and I suppose it to be true.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consent of
the Senator, I will say that, in pursuit of the en-
emy, watching them, to keep them out of Kansas,
I did enter Missouri.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand it. The Senator,
however, does not exactly meet my view. I ad-
mit freely that, under the authority of the United
States, the volunteer militia of one State may be
authorized to act offensively in another State; but
I am at a loss to conceive under what semblance of
authority a man who holds a commission under the
authority of one State, and is not mustered into the
service of the United States, can commit any act of
warfare in another State. Any such act on his part
must be illegal. I do not see how it can possibly be
otherwise. No State has a right, on the ground of
defending herself, to send forces into an adjoining
State to levy war. Beyond all question, however,
the authority of the United States would justify
the action of troops in entering another State, but
no other authority. Therefore, what I meant to
say was that 1 cannot conccivehow, exceptunder
the authority of the United States, any acts that
arc alleged here can have been done by the honor-
able Senator from Kansas. As late as the 10th of
July directions were given for mustering into the
service of the United States men in the brigade of
General James H. Lane. This was done at his
request, which could not be unless he held a mili-
tary office under the United States to which he
had been previously appointed. I hold that within
the meaning of the principle that every man is a
public officer who has any duty concerning the
public, it is no matter whether he is regularly or
irregularly appointed; whether the President has
transcended his authority in the number of gen-
eral officers he has appointed or the number of
soldiers he has mustered in, or the number of mid-
shipmen he has appointed, or anything else, they
are de facto in the Army or Navy of the United
States if the Commander-in-Chief so enrolls them.
The question whether Congress will choose to
pay them afterwards is for Congress to decide.
Whether Congress will take any action with ref-
erence to the course of the President; whether
they will impeach him or ratify his action, is a very
different matter; but his appointes are de facto in
the Army or Navy of the United States, accord-
ing as they are enrolled in one or the other. Mr.
Lane was sworn in, and subscribed the following
oath: - '
a I, James II, Lane, appointed a brisadiei general in the
Aimy of the United States, (lo solemn!} Mveai, oi afiitm,
that I will boar tiuo allegiance to the United States ot
Ameiica ; and that 1 will Verve them honestly and faith-
fully against all their enemies or opposeis wlnttisoevi. and
observe and obey the oulci.s of the Piesident ot th x UtrU'd
States, and the onlcis of the oflleeis appointed over me,
according to the rules and ai ticles for the government ol
tile aiimes ot the United States."
That mustered him into the service of the Uni-
ted States, as well as men were musteicd in after-
wards by his authority. That was on the 20th of
.Tune, What he said to General Scott is no evi-
dence of resignation; but if his acts had proved
the alleged declaration to the Secretary of War,
and he had afterwards not attempted to issue any
orders or make any requisitions—which could
only be made by one having authority under that
appointment as brigadier general—then, of course,
you might treat it as a resignation*, andunderthe
decisions in the House of Representatives I admit
that, until he was sworn in, you might say that
he was not a member of the body, although if it
were a case of the first impression, I think the
decision had better be the other way, and the dis-
qualification should commence with the com-
mencement of the term. He did not do that, how-
ever; heaecepted theofiice-.hepcrfonned functions
under it; he was subject, under the oath taken by
him, to the orders of the President and Jus mili-
tary commanders, as part of the Army of the
United States.
• Mr. President, 1 hold therefoie that, in the view
in which I suppose this clause was inserted in the
Federal Constitution, when you take, its relation
to the great object of keeping the administrative
and legislative functions of the Government sepa-
rate, it operates upon the party for that purpose
by saying to him: " if you hold the one, you can-
not hold the other." It does not say, "regularly
commissioned;" not how you are appointed; but
if you hold the one, (which covers a de facto ap-
pointment,) that is, if you are performing public
duties as an officer of the United States, no matter
whether with or without pay, you disqualify your-
self from"holding a seat in the legislative body at
the same time. That is the intent of the Constitu-
tion , with a view to the great principles of Govern-
ment, to keep the differentdepartments which con-
. stitute a free Government separate from each other;
I and on the secondary giound, that one ot the ob-
jj jects of the framers of the Constitution was to pre-
jl vent the exercise of Executive influence o\e.r the
]l legislative power. I want to know whether an ir-
li regular appointment, which gave authority, would
not be a far more dangerous element, as regards its
effect upon measures which a President might de-
sire to carry, than would be a regular, unquestioned
appointment? If a man was ratified and confirmed
by a part of the legislative body itself, there would
be far less danger of Executive influence, (for they
could check that,) than if the President of the Uni-
ted States could put a man de facto in power, and
give him authority to act. Is not the extent of the
evil much greater in that case than in the case of a
regular appointment? And are you not bound to
give to the Constitution a construction which shall
prevent the evil? I do not suppose for a moment,-
nor do I mean to suggest the idea, thatin this par-
ticular case, either Mr. Lane was influenced by
any motives of that kind, or that the President de-
sired, for any purpose, to influence his vote by the
appointment. Butgeneral provisions of the Con-
stitution are not made with reference to the mo-
tives of the actors in individual eases; they are
made to guard against evils which arise out of the
known frailties of humanity. For example, the
universal principle is that no matter how honesta
man may be, no matter how exalted his intellect,
no matter how great his virtue, he shall never be a
judge in his own cause. Why is it? It is not that
such a man might not be found to decide against
himself m individual cases, or even to decide with
perfect purity of motive; but the great pnncipleis
founded on the fiailty of humanity.
The Constitution of the United States in this
clause, as one of its secondary principles, in my
judgment, meant to guard againstExecutiveinflu-
ence, with a view further to keep the body sundered
from Executive power; that is, not only to keep
them sundered in fact, by preventing the party from
acting in both offices, but to prevent the President
from attempting to influence legislative action by
irregular appointments to office by which he could
put the party in power. In this case, I apprehend,
whether the appointment was regular or irregu-
lar, the office was an office, known to the laws of
the United States, and the question whether this
man or that man was entitled to it, or whether the
appointment was regular, could not be doubted
by any one in the Army acting under him when
he was recognized by the Commander-in-Chief of
the Aim)', and by the officers of the Government.
Requisitions weredrawn, men were mustered into
the service under it; oven incipient military opera-
tions were organized—the highest exercise of au-
thority that could take place. All these things
were done; and vet shall I be told that there was no
office held under the authority of the United States,
though these acts commenced before and were con-
tinued subsequent to the tnno when the Senator
was sworn in r
1 am, as 1 stated, entirely indifferent as regards
the decision of the particular case, but I think the
precedent proposed by the committee a sound one
to establish, in accordanco with the great leading
idea of ourform of government, of keeping the le-
gislative and the administrative functions in the
hands of different agents practically and in fact,
as well as under regular formal appointments. I
carry the principle—in this, perhaps, Senators will
not agree with mc—to the extent of holding that
if a man who has a commission of colonel or gen-
eral or captain or soldier by the authority of a
State, is mustered into the service of the United
States, fiom the time he is so mustered he is act-
ing under the authority of the United States, and
holds an office under the United States, within the
intent and meaning of this clause ot the Constitu-
tion. I can give no other construction. If his
term of Senatorship or membership in the House
of Representatives lias notcommenced, lam will-
ing to yield to the decisions, and say that until
he is sworn in he has a right to hold on to the
perfoimance of those functions, but he must re-
sign them before lie is sworn in. If he continues
them but for a day or an hour after he is sworn
m, he comes within the inhibition of the Consti-
tution, and cannot be a member of the legislative
body. The principle to me is plain. All officer of
the militia, an officer of volunteers within a State,
under State authority, of course holds no office
under the authority of the United States; but if he
is mustered into the service of the United States,
he is in their service as much as the private sol-
dier, as much as the sailor in the Navy. _ I hold
them all, within the meaning of the Constitution,
to be officers of the United States when they are
performing functions under the authority of the
