1862.
THE OOJSTGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
capacity, day worlc and night work. This latter
item, I will state, the committee has stricken out.
Mr. P. A. CONKLINGr. For the purpose of
saving the time of the House, I object to putting
the bill upon its passage now.
The SPEAKER. As the bill appropriates
money it must, where objection is made, be re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE. *
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a resolution authorizing the printing of 
copies of the bill establishing the Department of
Agriculture, together with the report of the com-
mittee thereon; which resolution was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
FRANCIS IIUTTJIANN.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported back, with a substitute, a bill (S. No.
251) for the relief ofFiancis Hiittmann.
The substitute was read.
Mr. ELIOT. I will state the facts in relation
to this claim, if I am permitted to do so. This is
an application upon the partof Francis Hiittmann,
that the claim which he has against the United
States may be examined by the Secietary of the
Treasury. In 1848, Mr. Hiittmann was the owner
of the bark Callao, and as such owner he carried
his vessel with a cargo to San Francisco, but he
was not permitted to enter that port. In May,
1848, theie had been a cession of that territory to
the United States: and on the 7th of May, 1848,
notice of that fact was given at the collector's office
at San Francisco. At that time the military col-
lector was acting there. On the same day, the
Secretary of State communicated the fact to the
collector at San Francisco, and required him to
permit the entry under the revenue laws of the
United States in reference to merchandise. Hiitt-
mann was refused permission to enter his goods,
and it became necessary for him to go to Monte-
rey,and lose some month of time before lie could
obtain leave of Governor Mason to enter his ves-
sel and cargo. He then returned to San Francisco,
and was permitted to enter the bark. A large loss
was sustained, as he claims, by reason of his not
having been permitted to enter the port.
In 1850 there was an act passed by Congress,
under which the Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized to entertain claims described in the act,
and to pass upon them, provided it appeared to
him that justice demanded he should do so, in fa-
vor of parties who had sought to enter vessels at
San Francisco and had been impropeiiy prevented
from doing so. Under that act, Hiittmann made
his claim and filed it in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
In reply to the case made out by him, a state-
ment was made by the chief clerk in the Treasury
Department, whose letter in relation to the mat-
ter my colleague upon the committee [Mr. Shef-
field] desired to have read. It was because of
that tnat I have made these remarks. It appears
from that statement that Mr. Jones, the chief
clerk of the T reasury Department, reported against
the claim, upon the ground stated by him in that
report. ,The ground substantially was thatatthe
period when Mr. Huttmann undertook toenter his
vessel he had no right to claim the benefit of the
act of September, 1850, because the collection dis-
trict of UpperCaiifornia was not then established
by the laws of the United States.
The Supreme Court of the United States have
decided a case which shows that ihe decision of
the cleik in the Treasury Depaitment was incor-
rect. Mr. Jones put his case upon the ground
that there was no law then operating under which
it was right that the goods .should be admitted
and the entry made, because at that period the
act of Congress making the collection district of
San Fiancisco had not passed; but before that
time the treaty had been made, and the territory
ceded, and the entry had been authorized by Gov-
ernor Mason under the cession, pursuant to the
tieaty; and the Supreme Couit of the United
States, in a case which was decided and reported
in 16 Howard, adjudged, that persons who before
the time of the creation of the collection district
at San Francisco, but after the time of cession,
claimed to enter goods at San Francisco, had a
right to do so, and, therefore, that duties which
had been paid between the time of the cession and
2323
the time of the enactment of the law, could not,
although paid under protest, be recovered by the
party that paid them. That is to say, they main-
tained that San Francisco, at the time Mr. Hiitt-
mann claimed to enter, was a port where he had a
right to enter his vessel, and that they should have
entered it and permitted him to pay his duties.
Now, sir, it so happens that the decision being
upon that ground, Mr. Huttmann was without his
remedy, and his claim was not examined, and the
law of ]850 has not been made applicable to him.
The Committee on Commerce, in the Senate, re-
ported this bill duiing the last Congress, and it
passed that body, but it failed in the House be-
cause it was not reached in its order.
Now, sir, the committee have been very careful
not to express any opinion as to the merits of the
claim. They do not undertake to say that the
claimant has a right to recover anything, nor do
they express or intend to intimate an opinion upon
that point. They have, therefore, instead of re-
porting the bill as it came from the Senate, drafted
it anew in such shape that Congress will not be
at all committed as to the justice^of the claim, but
it simply allows Mr. Huttmann to have an oppor-
tunity to submit this claim just as though it had
not been adversely reported upon before. There
is a rule in the Treasury Department which pre-
vents them from reopening a claim which hasonce
been passed upon. The committee found upon
inquiry that it has been the rule of the Depart-
ment for many years, where a previous Secretary
has passed upon a claim, not to reopen it, unless
some action has been had by Congress. All that
is proposed here is that he shall have a chance to
see whether he can bring himself within the law.
If he can, he will be entitled to the benefit of its
provisions. If he cannot, there is an end of the
matter. It is a case of much importance to the
party, and I hope there will be no hesitation in
granting him this relief.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Speaker, this ques-
tion is one of very great importance to the House
and to the country; important, not because of the
amount involved in this claim, but important be-
cause of the principle upon which that amount is
to be paid, or lefuscd to be paid. This gentle-
man, Mr. Hiittmann, while there was a state of war
in California, and before the laws of the United
States had been extended over that Territory,
shipped a cargo from Callao to the port of San
Francisco, in California, while that country was
in a disturbed and unsettled condition; as I say,
taking the risk of the situation of affairs there.
When lie got there he found that the Territory
was under military law. He demanded to have
his vessel entered, by virtue of thai law, at flu-
port of San Francisco. The invoice of the cargo
had not been certified, as it should have been, by
the consul at the port from which the cargo was
shipped. lie had not complied with the civil laws
of the United States in that patticular. It was,
therefore, in the discretion of the military gov-
ernor, or of the military collector, to say whether
he would or would not enter the vessel at that
time, and he could not do it until a bond was
given, if he had followed the law. It appears that
no bond was given at that lime or tendered, buta
bond was subsequently given; and when that bond
was given, the cargo was duly entered.
Now, this claim is for damages, damages occa-
sioned by a fall in the prices of the goods which
composed the cargo between the time when he
proposed to enter the vessel and the time when
the vessel was actually entered, that fall in prices
having been occasioned by other cargoes an iving
at the port in the intermediate time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend.
The morning hour having expired, the special
order comes up.
Mr. ELIOT. I would like to know when this
hill will come up again in its order?
The SPEAKER. On the next private bill day.
CONFISCATION.
The House then proceeded to the special order,
being House bill No. 471, to confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels for the payment of the expenses of
the present rebellion, and for other purposes; and
House bill No. 472, to free from servitude the
slaves of rebels engaged in or abetting the exist-
ing rebellion against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, on which the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Sheffield] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHEFFIELD addressed the House, fov
one hour. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr, ELIOT. I wish to say to the House that
as many members desire to attend to business at
the Department to-morrow, it has been suggested
to me that the morning hour to-morrow should be
dispensed with, and that the House proceed im-
mediately to this debate. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have that order made.
Mr. W ASHBURNE. And that no other busi-
ness shall be done ?
Mr. ELIOT. Of course.
The SPEAKER, No other business could be
done.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to sug-
gest to the gentleman to modify his proposition,
so as to extend the debate one day longer.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot do that.
No objection being made, it was ordered that
to-morrow the morning hour be dispensed with.
BARK BURNSIDE.
Mr. CLARK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the issuing of a register
to the bark General Burnsidc, of Clayton; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
CONFISCATION—AGAIN.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I rise toadvocatean amend-
ment which 1 propose to submit to the bill intro-
duced by the select committee.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And whereas the several States of Virginia, North Caro-
lina, South Oaiofina. Georgia,Tennessee, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, FiotuLi, Texas, and Arkansas, wickedly
and unlaw fully combining under the title of the eonfedeiate
State* of Ainetiea, have, together, made war upon and re-
belled against the Government of the United States, and
continue in such state of war and lebdhon: Therefore,
Sec. 3. Be it faithcr enacted, That every commanding
military or naval officer whose mihlary district shall em-
btaec any poiuon of the above-named States may, and it
shall be his duty, by proclamation or otherwise, to invite
all loj al persons to conic within bis lines and be enrolled m
the sei vice of the United States ,* and it shall be his duty to
enroll every Midi loy.il peison and to employ such of them
as may lie necessary in the sei vice of the United States, and
no peison so emolled and declaring Ins loyalty to the Uni-
ted States nor any of Jih family oi descendants, shall ever
thereafter be held to involnniary service or labor, (except
as a punishment for crime,) any law or regulation of any
Stale to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, That if
the slaves of any person or persons who have been and con-
tinued loyal to the Government of the United States shall
be made fice bvthe operation of this section, suchjoyal cit-
izen or citizens shall be entitled to ju^t and reasonable com-
pensation for his claim to the service oi labor of such slave:
Jlnd provided finIhcr, That if the slaves of any p^r^on or
per>ons wiio are minors or manied women shall be made
lieu by the opeiatioa of this section, they shall also be en-
titled to jnn and leavmable compensation for their claim
to the service or labor of such slaves.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The recital of that amend-
ment avers that eleven States formerly of the
Union, combined together under the title of" the
confederate States of America," have made war
upon and rebelled against the Government of the
United States, and continue in such war and rebel-
lion. Upon that fact I propose to base an enact-
ment by which it shall be the duty of every com-
manding officer of a naval or military department
within any portion of those States in some way,
by proclamation or otherwise, to invite all loyal
persons—and I mean to include in that slaves—
to come within the lines and be enrolled in the
service of the United States—and I mean by that
any service which they can render, civil or mil-
uaiy—and that it shall be the duty of such com-
manding officers to enroll every such person and
employ such of them as may be necessary in the .
service of the United States, and the reward fur
that sei vice I propose to make freedom to them
and their descendants forever. I include in that the
slaves not only of rebels but of persons claiming
to be loyal; but I propose for these compensation,
and I also propose compensation for the services
of all such as may be claimed by widows and Illi-
nois. I claim the right to this enactment under
the war power, and 1 shall attempt to show that
it exists, and that it is within the power of Con-
gress to legislate in regard to it.
Mr. Speaker, I consider the true end of all wars
to be a speedy, honorable, and lasting peace. I
am most profoundly impressed with the horrors
of war. They cannot be exaggerated. It brings
in its train the destruction of industry. It turns
it from its peaceful and accustomed channels to
forging the dread implements of death. It brings
