2324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
with it public debt and private suffering. It brings
"with it fraud and peculation upon the Govern-
ment. All these are exaggerated if it is a civil
war. Hatreds are engendered which survive the
generation in which they had their origin. It
brings with it interminable feuds and sectional
controversies, which peace finds it hard to eradi-
cate. If, however, it is a just revolution, to over-
throw a wicked and corrupt and tyrannous Gov-
ernment, its speedy success is desirable. If it is a
causeless war, waged against a good Government,
a wholesome and severe punishment, compelling
obedience to law by firmness and force, is equally
desirable. The laws of war are absolutely des-
potic. Amid the din of contending hosts, civil
laws are silent. What is due process of law in
time of peace—presentment, indictment, trial, con-
fronting of witnesses with the accused, arguments
of counsel, appeals and pardon—is all useless;
it is laid aside. Its punishments are swift and
summary. In place of the due process of law in
time of peace, you find the orders of a military
chieftain standing in the place of civil law. You
find the drum-head coiut-martial in place of your
court-house, the emblem of peace and civilization.
These are the processes in time of war by which
life, liberty, and property are to be protected.
Why,sir,upon a singlefieldathousand men may
be slaughtered, and justly slaughtered, although
among that number there are hundreds who are
innocent of any criminal or treasonable intent—
possibly the victims ©f a military conscription,
which they would have resisted had they been
able, impressed and compelled to fight for a cause
which they detest, or perhaps even believing sin-
cerely that they are fighting for justice, for truth,
for country, for liberty. The habeas corpus is sus-
pended; the right of private domicile is denied;
and troops are quartered against his consent in a
man's castle. All private rights must yield to the
stern necessities of war.
Sir, the question for us to consider is whether
war exists here and now between this Govern-
ment and the government of these combined and
confederate States. The theory of the preamble
of this law is that eleven States, unlawfully com-
bining together, have made war upon and rebelled
against the Government of the Union, and continue
in such state of war and rebellion. The opposite
theory is that certain insurrectionary citizen's
of the United States have rebelled against the
Government of the United States and endeavored
to overthrow its authority; that a State, as such,
can neither commit treason against the Govern-
ment, nor engage in war against it; that it is a
mere conspuacy and combination of citizens, a
riotous, unlawful, insurrectionary combination of
individuals to resist the laws; that the leader of
the Army is meiely a repiesentative of the civil
ollicers attended by a posse comitatus to arrest of-
fenders and bring the accused criminals to trial
under the slow process of the civil law. It is said
that when our arms are successful and these un-
lawful combinations are suppressed, " the States
will remain essential parts of the body-politic,"
and St. Paul is awakened fiom the dead to give
. countenance to this doctrine. I regard it as one
of those hold and audacious propositions which
cannot fail to shock the common sense of man-
kind, in whatever plausible and seeming fan* terms
it may be stated, and by whatever ingenious and
subtle reasoning it may be supported. Grant,as
everybody does, that the ordinances of secession
are absolutely null and void, that the whole theory
of secession is vicious and in palpable violation of
the Constitution, stiil it does not follow that per-
nicious doctrines may not be supported by armies
and navies, and result in actual war.
It is easy to say that an unconstitutional act is
a void act, to say that the separation of the States
cannot be effected because unlawful, and that those
engaged in it arc technically and legally traitors
and not enemies. Look at the facts as they now
• exist—for I desire to make this a practical and not
a theoretical question. Eleven States have, by
formal conventions of their people, renounced
their allegiance to this Government. All their
State officers, judges, magistrates, municipal of-
ficers, mill tin y and naval officers, have taicen the
oath of allegiance to a new and hostile govern-
ment, and recognize no authority binding upsn
them but that. All ihe State Legislatures m these
eleven States are hostile. They have, iu pursu-
ance of formal State legislation, met in general
convention and established a general government,
with executive, legislative, and judicial branches,
put it in successful operation, and held a general
election under it. They have passed laws under
that government by which the estates of all citi-
zens of loyal States are confiscated, and all the
estates of their own citizens suspected of loyalty
to the United States, and they have imprisoned
their persons or sacrificed their lives. They have
levied taxes and imposts, raised armies and navies,
enforced military conscription, issued letters of
marque, sent hostile vessels to vex the seas, and,
in fact, done ail which a sovereign State may of
right do. They have seized all the forts, mints,
custom-houses, and public property of the United
States, coined money, emitted bills of credit, and,
I believe, made them a lawful tender—the highest
act of sovereignty. They have ousted all Federal
magistrates from jurisdiction wjthm their limits,
have established their own system of mails, have
opened, as far as they could, foreign commerce,
appointed judges, and done everything which a
State can do, an organized, recognized State and
sovereignty; and all this is done with the consent
of the majority of the people who have authority
to establish their own State government and their
own State laws, and conduct their elections for
such State officers as they choose, when they do
not come in conflict with the rightful authority of
the Constitution. All this meets with no oppo-
sition, even from the minority. Armies are raised
to sustain them. They have induced foreign
nations to recognize their status as a belligerent
nation. Look at the facts upon that subject. If
they have no existence as States, their letters of
marque to privateers are nullities, and the crews
of the privateers are pirates, and subject to death
under our laws, and yet we dare enforce no pen-
alty,* because they threaten, if we do, to put to
death an equal or greater number of our citizens
in retaliation. They have compelled us to receive
their flags of truce. They have compelled us—
although the Administration, standing on the tech-
nical giound that they were not belligerents, and
were not entitled to recognition, stood out against
it for a long time—to exchange prisoners with
them, to receive cartels, and to treat them, in all
respects, as we would treat any other nation in
war against us. Now, if that is not war, in God's
name what is it? Is it a riot, an insurrection,a
combination of individuals, or is it a war between
actual and organized States?
But it is said that some anomalies will arise
under it. It is said that you cannot indict aState;
that a State cannot commit treason, nor incur a
forfeiture of its powers and functions as the pen-
alty of treason. True. We have no process of
indictment by which States are to be brought, be-
fore the bar of justice. But they can make war,
as we know to our cost. They can wage an un-
just war, and they can, by the laws of war, be
driven from their capitals, their authority abro-
gated, and their officers supplanted by military
governors, martial law, and the rule of the sword.
Take an illustration which an honorable gentle-
man [Mr. Thomas, of Massachusetts] has pio-
pounded to the House. Tennessee has seceded,
has passed a secession ordinance, and sustained
it by force. Has she forfeited her light as a State ?
It has been said, " the voice of her eloquent Sen-
ator is heard in the Capitol, her venerable judge
sits in the highest judicial tribunal, and exercises
the highest functions of Government, her Repre-
sentatives mingle in our councils, and her loyal
citizens greet with teais of joy the banner of
oar advancing hosts." That is all true, or was
true when it was spoken. But that same coura-
geous, manly, and honorable Senator now sits in
the Governor's chair of Tennessee, not called
there by the suffrages of the citizens of the State,
under the laws of the State, but selected by the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the United
States. Her Legislature is driven out at the point
of the bayonet, the functions of her magistrates
are suspended at the will of a mihtaiy governor.
That venerable judge holds the circuit in his dis-
tiict under the protection of Federal bayonets and
at the will of a military governor. Befote that
State can be lightfuily lepresented hf-rc,she must
go back to the people—the source of political
power—and, by the action of a popular conven-
tion, her Legislature and Governor and magis-
trates must be remstituted. Elections must be or-
dered by new laws, and the whole machinery of
government must be started afresh. It is said that
we levy taxes, that we call on her for her contin-
gent of troops, and that all these are, doubtless,
mistakes. They are mistakes, when one third or
one half of her citizens can enlist under the ban-
ners of an enemy, and when one third or one half
of her taxes goes to the support of a hostile gov-
ernment. But all these mistakes are the legitimate
result of the dread appeal to war. Its laws are
framed to meet the necessities of the occasion; and
the death of States and the crushing out of insti-
tutions are among its dread but acknowledged
prerogatives.
So in North Carolina, one of the old and hon-
ored Thirteen. A Governor and a Legislature
elected by the free suffrages of her citizens in pur-
suance of regular State laws are to be banished,
and a military governor, called from the fuithest
State of the Union, from the shores of the Pacific,
is to be sent there at the voice and bidding of a
single man to be put over her people. His min-
isters of justice are Rhode Island soldiers, and the
laws which they execute are the will of the mili-
tary governor. And if the Commander-in-Chief
may send a military governor to Tennessee and a
military governor to North Carolina, what is there,
I ask, to prevent his sending one military governor
for the whole territory of these eleven States ex-
cept his judgment of the propriety of the matter?
So, too, we have sent a military governor to South
Carolina, while there is not within her whole bor-
ders a loyal white man of whom wc could make
a military governor of the State. I think there
was a mistake in that. I think the President should
have selected the only loyal resident who is shown
to have courage and conduct and prudence—I mean
Robert Small—to preside over that people. It
would have been poetic justice, and if our father
Abraham was half as much a poet as he is a prophet
he would have sent him there. It would have been
constitutional. He had just as much right to do
it as he had to send Edward Stanley to North Car-
olina and Andrew Johnson to Tennessee. It de-
pends on the will of the Commander-in-Chief, and
that is the law for the occasion.
Now, sir, when these States go back to the
source of power—the people—by permission of
the military power, and not before,and shall form
new constitutions and governments, and ask again
to be represented in the councils of the nation
which they have so basely abandoned, and so trai-
torously betrayed, itmaybe in the power of Congress
to impose the terms on which they shall be admitted.
But that question is not pertinent to this argu-
ment, and I pass it by. All this does not depend
simply on reason. We have judicial authority
for it. In a case ably argued at the bar of the
Massachusetts district court before an experienced
judge, it was decided that a state of war existed
between the rebellious Statesand the Government,
and that, as a consequence of this, the property
of any person within the limits of those States
was ipso facto presumed to be enemy's property,
and liable to seizure and confiscation. The State
of Pennsylvania, in her district, and the State of
New York, in her district, have sanctioned the
same doctrine in adjudged cases. Adding treason
to all this state of war does not alter the circum-
stances
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. •fThe gen-
tleman from New York will allow me to suggest
that in his own State, Judge Nelson, in his charge
to the grand jury, laid down an entirely opposite
doctrine.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Charges to grand juries
do not settle laws m our State at all; but decided
eases we regard as of some authority.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Of a dis-
trict court >
Mr. SEDGWICK. I cannot stop. I must go
on. People perplex themselves with ideas about
simple Governments, and with theories about the
nature of our Government. Some will have it
that it is a partnership, or comyact, or league be-
tween independent, equal, and sovereign States—
•a cunfodciacy of States, the term which my friend
: hates so badly. Others insist that it is a Govern-
! ment framed and ordained by the people acting,
! not through States-, nor upon tfte citizens of States,
! but directly on all the citizens of the United States.
! It is in truth a complex form of Government, and
not half so simple as a monarchy or a despotism.
: The equality of the States is lecogmzed in the
equality of their senatorial representation, in their
