ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
and I raake that motion. It appears to me that
one of the features of this bill is toimpose special
burdens upon the manufacturing industry of the
country. Those who have given attention to,the
bill will not have failed to discover that the manu-
facturers are to be taxed already upon their in-
come, and three per cent, upon the amount of their
manufactures. I cannot see any reason myself
why to the tax for the privilege of doing business,
the tax on income, and the tax specifically on the
manufactures, there should be added this addi-
tional tax.
Mr. HOOFER. The object of the committee
in putting in this paragraph was not so much to
impose a tax as to regulate the business of man-
ufacturers to a certain extent. The manufacturers
are required to pay a tax on their products, and
it was supposed that it would facilitate the oper-
ations of the assessor and collector to compel the
manufacturers to take out a license. The gentle-
man will notice Unit the rate of license is the
lowest one in the bill. It is only ten dollars, and
can hardly be considered burdensome upon the
manufacturers.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I oppose this amendment.
By the law of the last session, a man who owns
only $500 worth of real estate is exempted from
taxation. I am against that system of taxation.
It is not necessary for us to adopt it in this bill.
There is no man who is fit to bo an American citi-
. zen, and owns a house lit to live in, who is not
willing to be taxed to the extent of his property.
Why exempt him?
I see a further objection to this exception in
favor of manufacturers. There are a great many
manufacturers in this country who do not make
and vend goods to the amount of $1,000. Why
should they not be taxed upon the articles they
manufacture in the proportion that others are
taxed? This is a Government of law. The people
of the United States are all protected by them in
theory, and they ought all to be in practice. Tax-
ation, therefore, should be imposed upon all fairly
and equitably. Every man ought to pay accord-
ing to his property and possessions. 1 venture to
say that you may go through all portions of the
country and find thrifty men, men of energy, men
of industry—that class where you will find more
of paUiotism than you will find among the men
of wealth. I do not know how it is in that part
of the Union where manufactures are principally
carried on. If, sir, it is right to tax large manu-
facture! s of shoes, for instance, the small manu-
facturer, who does not make $1,000 worth a year,
wiil transfer his products to the large shoe mer-
chant wherever he may be found, and that pro-
duct of his labor will be excepted from taxation,
though the consumer will be charged the same
amount as though the tax had been paid. There-
fore, I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. MORRIS. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by sinking out $1,000," and inserting
"&GO0." My object in moving the amendment
is to compare this twenty-fifth paragraph with the
seventy-first section. This paragraph provides
that any person who shall manufacture and offer
for sale any goods, wares, and merchandise ex-
ceeding, annually, the sum of §1,000, shall be
regarded as a manufacturer under this act. By
the seventy-first section it is provided that all
goods, wares, and merchandise, or articles man-
ufactured or made and sold, except spirituous and
malt liquors, and leaf, stem, or manufactured to-
bacco, where the annual product shall not exceed
the sum of £600, shall be exempt from duty . Now,
I cannot reconcile these provisions. By this twen-
ty-fifth paragraph it is provided that any person
who shall manufacture $1,000 worth of goods shall
be regarded as a manufacturer, and pay a license
of ten dollars. By the seventy-first section any
'person who manufactures not exceeding $600
worth, shall be exempt from duty. It seems to
me that these provisions ought to harmonize,
and therefore I move to strike out " $1,000" and
insert " $G00."
Mr. SHEFFIELD. If the only reason for
keeping this paragraph in the bill is the one sug-
gested by the gentleman from the Suffolk district
on the Committee of Ways and Means, it seems
to me it ought to be stricken out entirely; and
therefore I am opposed to the amendment. The
reasun suggested by him is to enable the tax to
be assessed upon all persons who are manufac-
turers.
Now, it seems to me that as every manufac-
turer is required by a subsequent section of this
bill to make a certain return monthly, it will be
very easy to ascertain who are manufacturers by
these returns. At any rate, it is very unjust that
we should tax those persons who are manufac-
turers ten dollars for a license. This manufac-
turers' tax will operate as severely upon the con-
stituency I represent as upon any other constitu~
ency which is represented upon this floor. I
intend, at the proper time, to present an amend-
ment to the bill, with a view of relieving them—
if the House shall see fit to do so—from some
part of the burden which it is proposed to impose
upon them. If it is necessary that this extraor-
dinary burden should be imposed upon the man-
ufacturing interest for the purpose of supporting
and sustaining the Government, why we accept
the burden. But unless it is, for one I shall en-
deavor to do what I can to ameliorate the condi-
tion of this important interest of the country, and
I begin here by favoring the proposition of my
friend from Massachusetts to strike out this sec-
tion of the bill.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "§3,000" and inserting
" $2,000." I shall not undertake to support this
motion by declaiming against manufacturers for
the purpose of determining the question by ex-
citing prejudice. I do not think that is the char-
acter which our legislation should assume. But,
if I were governed by the action of this House a
few moments since, I should be in favor of the
amendment, because it would be likely to yield the
least revenue. The amendment I proposed, and
which might induce a man to take a higher class
of business, and thus bring more money into the
Treasury, was rejected, and for no earthly reason,
as I could determine, except that it would hold
out an inducement to a class ofourcitizens to raise
their business and bring more money into the
Treasury than otherwise would bebroughtin. If,
therefore, I shall vote for the amendment which
has been proposed by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, it will be on these two grounds: first,
because there is in the community considerable
prejudice against manufacturers, who are sup-
posed to roil in wealth; and secondly, because it
will bring less money into the Treasury, ifadopted,
than will be brought in if the bill stands as it is.
I withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion to
strike out the amendment,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, withdrew the
motion.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. With the design
to meet the views of my venerable friend upon the
other side of the House, in whose views my judg-
ment very generally concurs, I will move, in order
to equalize taxation upon all the interests of the
country, to insert after "manufacturers," the
words 41 farmers, planters, and miners."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word " merchandise," in line one
hundred and ninety-six, the words " or other
commodities;" and after the word "exceeding"
striking out the words " annually the sum of one
thousand," and inserting " the annual value of six
hundred;" so that the clause shall read:
Any person oi persons, firm-:, companies, or corporations,
who shall manufactute by hand oi machmeiy, and offer for
sale, any goods, wares, or merchandise, or other commod-
ities, exceeding the annual value of §60D, shall be regarded
a manufacturer under this. act.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The twenty-sixth subdivision was read, as fol-
lows:
Fhotogiaphers shall pay ten dollars for each license. Any
prison or persons who makes fin sale photographs, ambio-
t\ pe^, daszueriootypes, oi pictuies on glass, metal, or paper,
by the action ot. light, shall be regaided a photogiapher
under this act-
Mr. PATTON. I move to amend by inserting
after the word " license," the words, " when the
receipts do not exceed $500; when over §500 and
under $1,000, fifteen dollars; when over $1,000,
twenty-five dollars." There are many persons
engaged m this business whose receipts do not
exceed $500. I propose to tax them ten dollars,
while I would impose upon such establishments
as Brady's of this city, twenty-five dollars. I do
not think it fair that small establishments which
goabout the country taking daguerreotypes should
pay as high a tax as the one to which X have re-
ferred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move the following
amendment, to come in at the end of subdivision
No. 26:
27. Lawyers shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
peison who, for fee or reward,, shall prosecute or defend any
cause in any court of record of the United Suites, or of any
of the States, or give advice in relation to any cause or mat-
ter pending therein,shall be deemed to be a lawyer within
the meaning of this act.
28. Physicians shall pay ten dollars for each license.
Every person (except apothecaries) who shall for fee or
reward prescribe medicine or perform any suigieal opera-
tion, for the cure of any bodily disease or ailing, shall be
deemed a physician within the meaning of this act.
29. Preachers and lecturers shall pay ten dollars for each
license. Every person who shall have charge of a congre-
gation, or who shall deliver any sermon, lecture, speech,
or oration for compensation or reward, shall be deemed a
preacher or lecturer within the meaning of this act: Pro-
vided, That pieachers in charge of a congregation, whose
annual salary docs not exceed $500, shall not be required
to take out a license.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I call for a division
of that amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the twenty-
seventh subdivision, by striking out the same, and
inserting the following:
27. Lawyers who have been engaged in the practice of
their profession for more than five years., shall pay for each
license ten dollars 5 those who have been engaged in practice
for three years and less than five years, shall pay lor each
license live dollais; and those who have been engaged in
practice one year and less than three years, shall pay lor
each license three dollais.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am opposed to that
amendment. I want to place all lawyers upon an
equality. They all claim equality in the courts,
and if they are not able to pay ten dollars they
should give up the profession. I think it would
be a good thing to drive a good many of them out
of practice. [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it as follows:
Provided nevertheless, It is not only not forbidden, but
expiessly recommended by this Iluiw that l.nvjers &haU
chaigc the amount of said license to their clients.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
amendment is not in order.
Mr. MENZIES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " ten dollars," and inserting
"twenty-five dollars." As my colleague [Mr.
Wickliffe] has suggested, a lawyer who cannot
afford to pay this amount for a license, has no
business to be a lawyer at all. If it is proper to
make lawyers pay a tax to the Government for a
license, it is just as reasonable to make the license
twenty-five dollars as to charge that amount for
any other license required by the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am opposed to the
amendment to the amendment, for the reason that
I believe it will tend to defeat the amendment al-
together. I am willing to impose as high a tax
upon professional men as any gentleman here who
desires in good faith that such a tax should be
imposed; but inasmuch as I think the object of
the amendment to the amendment is to defeat the
whole, I am opposed to it, and hope that it will
be rejected.
Mr. Menzies's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to amend tne
amendrpeiU by inserting after the words " court
of record, "the words " or other judicial tribunal."
We have a great many lawyers who nevergo into
a court of record, but who piactice in the country
courts. I do not know what they arc called.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I offer the following as
an amendment to the amendment:
Each and every candidate for office, either municipal,
State, or Federal, shall pay a license of thiee dollars.
TheCHAIRMAN. ThcChairdoubts whether
this amendment is germane to the pendiiuxamend-
ment. As a new paragraph it would be in order.
_ Mr. WADSWORTH. T will offer it as a dis-
tinct paragraph. I do it in perfect good faith, and
I think it ought to be adopted. If as many men
run for office hereafter as run now, we shall gain
