1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
after the Senator from Kansas had appeared here
and qualified as a member of this body, if this
appointment had been made by the President in
tne vacation of the Senate, and had been acccpted
by the Senator from Kansas, would not that ap-
pointment have created the office arid have filled
it at the same time, and would not the acceptance
of the Senator from Kansas have vacatcd his seat
as a member of Congress upon this floor? I sup-
pose there cannot be a doubt about that.
Now,the position I assume is this: that the Pres-
ident of the United States being by the Constitu-
tion made Commander-in-Chief of the Army of
the United States, and of the militia of the States
when called into the service of the United States;
being clothed with the executive power of the
Government, and being authorized by the act of
Congress of 1795 to call out the militia of the State
in which the execution of the laws of the United
States is resisted, and the militia of such other
States as he deems necessary; and being made
Commander-in-Chief of that militia when it is
called into the service of the United States, if he
finds that body of militia not properly officered by
generals, or any other class of officers, he has ne-
cessarily and impliedly the perfect power to desig-
nate the officer who shall be the general, and when
he appoints him a general he thereby creates and
fills the office by the same act. 1 cannot do better
than state the case which I did a few days ago.
The President calls, if you please, upon five States
each for a regiment of militia or volunteers—and
I know no difference between them—for the pur-
pose of enforcing the execution of the laws of Con-
gress in a State in which they are resisted. He
finds regimental officers, he finds company offi-
cers, but he finds no brigade officers whatever;
and there arc no brigade officers because this call
of soldiers comes up'from five different States in
the formal organization of regiments. When they
arc mustered into the service of the United States,
and accepted by the President as Commander-in-
Chief of our armies, does not the law of Congress,
which authorizes him to wield this force in the
service of the United States for enforcing the ex-
ecution of the laws, clothe him inferentially and
necessarily with the power of creating the neces-
sary brigade officers oy appointment? I think so,
sir.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to call his attention to two pro-
visions of the Constitution?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. First, Congress has power
"To pioviile foi calling loith the mihiui to eveeute the
laws of the Union, -suppic-ss mMinactions, ami lepel m-
vaMoas.*'
'•To piovide An oiganuing, aiming, and disciplining tlio
militia—"
Congress has this power—
{C and foi Jiovenmi^ siu-li pair of them as ma\ be employed
in the ? pi vice of the United States, re^etvin« to the Static
iC?peetive!y the appointment ol the officer^.'5
Neither Congress nor the President has it.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman's argument does
not meet the case which I have presented. The
case 1 piesented was simply tins: the President
calls for militia or volunteers from various States*,
they come up in the organization of regiments
from each State, and there is no brigadier general
and no major general. Now, my position is that,
as the President is authorized by the Constitution
and the laws to call for the militia of the United
States, if they come up in organizations and in
form* that do not give them the necessary com-
missioned officers, brigadier generals and major
generals, properly to wield the body of soldiery
that is tints combined, the President of the U nited
States has incidentally the power to create the
officers necessary for the proper government and
operations of that military power, and I do not
think that any gentleman can successfully and
by logical argument controvert the justness of
that position.
Now, a single word in relation to the point made
persistently by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. Senator Lane appeared and qualified here
as a member of this body on the 4th of July last
The gentleman from Massachusetts relies upon
two precedents, which he thinks decide this case.
The one was the case of Hammond vs Hen\ck,
and the other the case of Earle, Horn South Car-
olina. Well, what were the facts of those two
cases, and what principle did they decide? ,Her-
rick having been previously a district attorney of
the United States, was, during his continuance in
that office or before he resigned it, elected to Con-
gress. Hammond contested his right to occupy
the seat in Congress upon the ground that he was
elected whilst he was districtattorncy. How was
that position parried? In this wise: by the same
argument which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts now uses—that before Hernck appeared in
Congress and qualified and took his scat, he had
expressly resigned the office of district attorney,
which he had previously held. That was the
principle decided in the case, and the same prin-
ciple was decided in the case of Earle. Earle had
been a postmaster in the State of South Carolina.
He was elected to Congress, but before he ap-
peared in the House, to which he was elected, and
qualified, he had expressly resigned his office of
postmaster.
Well, then, what is the principle decided by these
two cases? It docs not fit this case at all. Itais
merely that where a man holds an office at the time
he is elected to either House of Congress, and ex-
pressly resigns that office before he appears in the
House to which he is elected, and qualifies, he has
a right to claim his scat in the House, and to qual-
ify as a member thereof. Now, I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts if that case fits the pres-
ent one at all? If Senator Lane had expressly
resigned his office of brigadier general before he
appeared here and qualified as a member of this
House, then his case would have been covered by
the case of Hammond and the case of Earle. I
will read from the gentleman's own authority to
establish this position. My position is, that where
a man holds an office of any description at the time
he is elccted to cither House of Congress, accord-
ing to the authority adduccd by the gentleman
from Massachusetts himself, he is bound, before
he can present himself and claim a right to qual-
ify as a member of the House—he is bound ex-
pressly to resign the office which he previously
held. If he has not put himself in that position,
he cannot, properly claim his seat in Congress.
11 Persons elected to the IIou^c of Commons become, at
one time, membeis for certain puipcw^, am! at another
tune for other purpose?. Thua, immediately upon execu-
ting the iudentmc of icturn by the shenri* or otiiei return-
ing officer, the person elected becomes entitled to the piiv-
ilege of flunking, although the day at which the Paihament
is made letmnahle nwj not have atiived. Vet he is not a
memitei, for he may thetrafter he a candidate for election
m anothei di-tuet at any time hel'me the I'ailianu-nt
made letm nable, and the iciuin actually filed in theeiown
olhee. Fiom the time la-t mentioned he becomes a mem-
ber so tai that Ik* cannot he a candidate loi anothei di^tnct,
hut yet he may there.iltei hold an oilier incompatible with
mombei-dnp. and, upon iesi<itiimi ins oflice, lie may imme-
diately qualify and take In- nut in the House.''—Ilummoml
v*. Ilcriick, Contested Elections, 292.
There is the pointof the gentleman's authority
Before General Lane could appeal here and claim
his seat m the Senate, and ask to be sworn in as
a member thereof, he should have pieviously ex-
pressly resigned his office, if he filled one, and if
he had accepted it. So, sir, is the authority in
the case of Earle. Here is the extract of the
principle dacided in that case:
"Continuing to execute the duties of an office under the
United Slates alter one is elected to Congies*, bur before
he takes ins s>eat; is not a disqualification ; such office be-
ing resigned puor to the taking of the neat."—Corteitod
Elections, 314.
That is the material point in the case: " prior
to the taking of the seat." The question in this
case is: when Senator Lane appeared hcte and
asked to bo qualified and was qualified, did he hold
an office under the Government of the United
States? if he hod been appointed to the office of
brigadier general, and then held it, the only way
by which he could place himself in a position
legally and constitutionally to be qualified as a
Senator upon this floor, was by previously resign-
ing his office. He had not done so.
Now, sir, I hold, as I held a few days a^o, that
the office of brigadier general is an office that is
known generally to military law; that when the
President of the United States is charged by the
Constitution and the law with the specific execu-
tion of a duty—for instance, as enforcing the laws
of Congress in an insurgent State, and the proper
( wicldingand direction of the military power makes
! I it convenient, necessary, and proper that he should
j! appoint to the office of brigadier or of major gen-
ii oral—he has the unquestioned right to do so; and
when he makes such an appointment, and that
appointment is accepted, he oy the act-of appoint-
ment creates the office; and when the party ap-
pointed to it has signified the assent of his mind
to accept the office, either by act, or by, oath, or
in any other form by which the assent of the mind
can be given, he thereby fills the office. Now.
sir, I do not choose to go into an argument of the
facts.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask the Senator a ques-
tion to call his attention to a difficulty in his posi-
tion ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Under the Constitution of the
United States there is a Supreme Court consti-
tuted. I would ask the Senator whether, in his
opinion, the President, at his own discretion, with-
out any act of Congress, could add indefinitely to
the number of judges on the supreme bench ?
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all, sir; and why ? That
would not be the exercise of an incidental power
by the President, in the execution of a major
power. I do not see any pertinence in the ques-
tion. The Supreme Court of the United States
is the great constitutional tribunal of the United
States, of paramount authority. Itdoes not at all
illustrate the question here. The question here is
simply this: the President is charged by the Con-
stitution and law with the duty of enforcing the
execution of the laws of Congress. They are re-
sisted in insurgent States. In conformity to other
provisions of the Constitution, and the law of 1795,
he makes his requisition upon various States for
militia to be mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States to enable him to execute the law where
it is resisted by combinations so powerful that the
ordinary officers of the law cannot enforce it. The
question then is, in the exercise of this major, pri-
mary duty and power, what incidental powermay
the President exercise ? I say that itis a proper
and ncccssary incidental power, in the perform-
ance of that duty, that he shall have the authority
(which he lias attempted to exercise in the pres-
ent ease) in particular circumstances to designate
and to appoint particular persons to fill the office
of either major general or brigadier general.
But an authority read by the gentleman who
contests the seat of the Senator from Kansas is
still stronger. It is that, under the principle of
holding an office de facto, where a man usurps an
office without color of appointment, where he en-
ters upon it usurping its poweis, and attempts to
claim its rights and to perform its duties, and he
does this for such a length of time with the acqui-
escence of the community, as to have gained the
reputation and character of filling that office, he
is not afterwards permitted to controvert the fact
that he did fill it. The gentleman's authority was
full to that point. If General Lane, without any
appointment, or withoutany attempt by the Pres-
ident of the United States to appoint him, had
usurped the office of brigadier general, had en-
tered upon the exercise of its duties, and had per-
formed its functions, exercised its powers, and the
community, the public, and especially the Gov-
ernment and President of the United States, had
acquiesced in that usurpation for such a length of
time as to have given him ostensibly and by rep-
utation the office of brigadier general which he
thus usurped, he would not have the right after-
wards to controvert the fact that he was a brig-
adier general; but this conduct on his part would
have precluded him from taking the negative po-
sition. But here, sir, when the President has the
whole appointing power pro tempore, and when
his pro tempore appointments continue until the
close of the succeeding session of the Senate, when
ho is Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the
United States, when he is clothed by the Consti-
tution and the law with the duty of enforcing the
execution of the laws of Congress, and when, m
pursuance of the machinery which the Constitu-
tion and the law creates to enable him to execute
! that duty, he calls the militia of the States into
the service of the United States, and it is conven-
ient and proper and necessary that ho should
designate a gcneral-in-chief or brigadier general
' to command this army that is thus mustered into
^ the service of the United States, then, by custom
1 and by the nccessary incidental power of resort-
ing to all such agencies as would be necessary
and proper to enable him to executc the principal
power, lie certainly would have unquestionably
