1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3285
that several Senators give as their opinion that we
ought not to adjourn in the present state of the
country; they do not seem to give any particular
reasons about the matter, if we make the neces-
sary legislation. If it were the sense of the ma-
jority, I should be perfectly willing to sit here as
long as any Senator; but, sir, there is one thing
that will influence my vote. I have become per-
fectly convinced that unless we fix the day and fix
it early, we cannot even keep a quorum of this
Senate until Wednesday. Several Senators have
given me notice that unless the day was fixed,
they should leave and not stay here; and it was
with that view that I desired to have some arrange-
ment made. 1 have been notified by members of
the House, repeatedly, that unless we fix the day
of adjournment early, allowing sufficient time to
close the necessary business, we could not keep
a quorum of the House here even until that time;
and as to expecting to keep a quorum for any
purpose indefinitely on the mere expectation that
perhaps -we might be wanted, it was entirely out
of the question. Under these circumstances, I
certainly am not disposed to risk anything, and
lose the business of the session upon the mere
opinion of gentlemen, however much respect 1
may have for it, that we had better not adjourn at
all. I have become so perfectly convinced, and
warned in so many quarters, that an early day for
an adjournment must bo fixed in order to keep a
quorum, that 1 shall vote for the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Someweeksago we heard
this same statement that no quorum could be kept,
and therefore we must adjourn. I am not dis-
posed to be influenced by any such consideration
as that. I will not presume that members of Con-
gress will abandon Congress, and break up its
business, when there is anything to do. I do not
say that we should remain permanently in session;
► but I do say, that while: there is business of im-
portance which we ought to do, we ought to see
that that business is done before we fix upon a
day of adjournment, which may prevent our doing
it. There are a number of bills on the Calendar,
which has never been called since this Congress
met, containing, I do not know how many, per-
haps, fifty bills, possibly more; some of them of
very great importance, and we have no assurance
whatever that those bills can be passed into laws
between now and next Wednesday. There is a
bill from the House of Representatives which I
regard as of very great importance, to which I
called the attention of the Senate this mornmer,
but was unable to get a vote upon, whether I could
get it up or not, by reason of the interposition of
a single objection. There is a bill reported by
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,] which
has been discussed to some extent already, pro-
viding provisional governments in those localities *
where the authorities of the United States have
been overborne, and where we have now military
possession. There are numerous other bills—I
will not undertake to mention them in detail—
which, in my judgment, ought to be acted upon
before Congress adjourns. 1 am, therefore, op-
posed, at this time, to fixing any time for adjourn-
ment. We know, constituted as this body is, that
it will be impossible to get action upon any
of those important measures between now and
Wednesday, it there should be a factious opposi-
tion to any of them. There is no way of limit-
ing debate here.
I think the consideration which governs the
Senator from Maine, that Senators will abandon
their duty, will refuse to attend the sessions of
Congress to constitute a quorum while Congress
is in session, is one that ought not to have the
least weight. I will not assume that any Senator
will do that. I have no doubt it would suit the
personal convenience of Senators to leave, and
they would he veiy glad to have an adjournment
of Congress for their own personal convenience;
but I will not believe that any Senator will neglect
his public duties in order to accommodate simply
his personal convenience. I shall vote against
fixing the day of adjournment on Wednesday.
However, it is manifest it is a foregone conclu-
sion, and that a majority of the Senate is inclined
to adjourn at that time.
Air. WADE. There is one measure, reported
from the committee of which I am a member, that
I have endeavored to get passed; I do not know
what favor it will receive in the Senate; that is,
the admission of the State of West Virginia. It
is an important matter, and I believe it is due to
that people that we should act upon that matter
during this session. I never knew any question
that excited a whole community with the intens-
ity that this question does that people. Their
principal men have been here, and are now here,
beseeching us to act upon this subject. What
they fear above all things is, that we shall leave
them ultimately in the hands of their inveterate
enemies; and it is their belief that if we leave them
in that condition, they will have to abandon their
property and their homes and seek residences
somewhere else. The Governor and all the prin-
cipal men of the State whom 1 have seen—and I
have seen many of them—inform me that that
opinion is universal. I believe, among the great
measures which we have passed dunng this ses-
sion, there is none more important than this; and
I should like to crown our legislation by the ad-
mission of a State shortly to become free out of an
old, inveterate, slave State. I hope wo shall con-
tinue in session until we perform this meed of jus-
tice to this people who have sacrificed everything
but their lives, and many of them their lives, in
order to maintain their relations with the Union;
and they now fear that after all they will lose it,
that they wkl( be violently dissevered and have to
abandon their homes, because we still leave them
in the hands of the enemy. I hope we shall not
adjourn until we do this deed. Of course, it will
not take long if we are disposed to do it. I have
been trying to get up the bill for several days, but
there has been important measures before it, and
I have not pressed it. I hope, however, we shall
dispose of it before we adjourn.
Mr. W1LLEV. I certainly feel under great
obligations to the honorable Senator from Ohio
for the remarks he has just made. He has been
permitted to see and to hear much of the interest
felt by that section of the Commonwealth ofVit-
ginia on this question. I am in the receipt of let-
ters daily from every section of the State, which,
in addition to the information given by the gen-
tlemen now in this city at their own expense for
many days, besieging the members of the Senate,
assuring me of the fact that unless the relief is
extended of giving them a separate State organ-
ization, they will be compelled to leave all they
have of property in the world except what they
can take away with them, and find an asylum
somewhere else. I voted just now against fixing
the day of adjournment under the influence of this
consideration. It is now nearly eigh t months since
I left my home and family, and since 1 saw them;
and of course 1 am as anxious as any Senator can
be to return; it would be a matter of great personal
convenience to me; but, sir, knowing as I do the
deep, abiding, intense interest which the loyal
people, or three fourths of the loyal people of Vir-
ginia, who constitute the people of Vnginia for
all governmental purposes; knowing that they so
anxiously desire action on this measure, 1 would
be willing to sit here from one year's end to the
other until it should please the Senate to answer
their prayers and petitions. This question has a
great national consequence, and it ought to be
acted upon. It will forever settle twenty-four
thousand square miles of territory in the State of
Virginia on the question of secession, on the ques-
tion of loyalty to this Government. I hope, sir,
that the Senate will not adjourn until that question
is settled. If it can be settled by Wednesday, I
should have no objection to adjourn then.
I make these remarks with great hesitation;
perhaps I owe an apology to the Senate for mak-
ing them; but if they could see and feel tho.inter-
est these pertple who have suffered everything that
people could suffer, who have stood by this Union
in times of pcnl, in the midst of burning houses
and shiieking women and children, in the midst
of fathers slaughter ed all over our hills—firm, true
and loyal to the Government—if after all this, if
after the Legislature by its solemn act has re-
quested action upon it, the Senate cannot delay
long enough to hearthe prayer and petition of the
State of Virginia and such a people as this, all 1
have to do is to submit. I will do it, of course,
cheerfully, if such be the will of the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I think 1 may safely say, and
the Senator will bear me witness, that there never
has been a Congress, at least within many years,
that has performed so great an amount of busi-
ness and passed actsof such vast importance asthe
present Congress. I think I may sUy with equal
truth that there never has been a Congress that
has left a Calendar as clear as we shall leavevours
if we adjourn next Wednesday.
Mr. WADE. That is true, but there is no rea-
son why we should not do it.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Ohio says that
is true. 1 assert that there never has been a Con-
gress for years, certainly not since I have been
here, where they have delayed so long in fixing
their time of adjournment for the purpose of do-
ing the public business. We have been on the eve
of adjourning here for days, I may say weeks.
This resolution has been in the hands of the Com-
mittee on Finance for the purpose of fixing the
day, and they have delayed it for the very pur-
pose of pushing through thegreat measures of the
session, so that they might see their way clear;
that we might finish them before we did adjourn.
Now let me say to the Senator from Virginia that
I will go with him, heartin hand,for his measure;
but he is quite as likely to have it passed if this
time of adjournment is fixed, and more so, than
if it is not.
Mr. FOSTER. Far more.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir; far more. We have
for three or four days been wasting time in debate
which we should not have done if the time for ad-
journment had been fixed; and for the very pur-
pose of bringing the business of the session to an
end, I desire to have this time ofadjournment fixed,
and then weshallgoaboutdoingthe business and
not talk ourselves to death.
Mr. SHERMAN. In justice to myself and
the committee who reported this resolution, it is
proper for me to say that we have been urged day
by day by members of the House of Representa-
tives, by the great body of the members of the
House of Representatives, and by Senators, to re-
port back this resolution. Senators on all sides
of the Chamber have been pressing us, asking
why it was held so long. Itwas sent to the Com-
mittee on Finance, I think, nearly two weeks ago,
and more than a month has elapsed since a similar
resolution came from the House of Representa-
tives. Under the circumstances we felt bound to
report it back to the Senate. The time fixed by
the resolution was Monday next. We would not
report it until all the great measures of the session
had beenacted upon. The confiscation bill has been
disposed of this morning; yesterday the tariff bill
was disposed of; and all the great measures of the
session, which will distinguish this Congress in the
history of this Governmentasthe most.important
Congress that ever sat since the foundation of the
Government, are now laws, so far as Congress are
concerned. It is true there are some measures
pending; but they are of comparatively less im-
portance; and it is believed that if we are willing
to stay here and vote and act upon those various
propositions, we can do all that a majority of the
Senate is willing to have done, by next Wednes-
day. I sec no reason for procrastinating. Wcknow
very well that Senators have been kept here upon
the promise, tacitly or impliedly given, that this
subject would be acted upon soon. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senate will, on Monday, decide what
is the true constitutional rule of a quorum of this
body,one way or the other,andthattneotherim-
portantmeasures, whatever ihey ttre, shall be acted
upon. Iam in favor of the admission of West Vir-
ginia, and have heretofore and will hereafter act
with the Senator from Vit ginia in getting thitt ques-
tion before the Senate; but, with the exception of
that bill, and the militia bill under the charge of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and
the question in regard to a quorum, there is no
other measure affecting the condition of tins body
or the country that is so important as to keep us
here any longer, in my judgment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word
in reply to the argument of my friend from Illi-
nois about this matter. I do not pretend to any
judgment of my own upon the subject. I am per-
fectly willing to be at the disposal of the Senate
about it. My action has been determined en-
tirely by the convictions of my own mind from
what 1 have heard from different quarters, that
it would houseless to attempt to keep us here lon-
ger; especially the House of Representatives. We
may refuse, if wo please, to fix the day of adjourn-
ment. The result, I am assured from various
quarters, will be that in the House of Represent-
atives—where the opinion is almost unanimous
that Congress ought to adjourn, and from whom
