1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a large revenue; and if it decreases the number,
so much the better. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
now in order.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out that part of it which defines
what a lawyer is. 1 think,that the term lawyer
is well enough understood, without the statutory
definition and limitation embraced in the amend-
ment. This license will certainly work great
benefit to the lawyers, because it will compel all
persons to go to a lawyer, to those engaged ex-
clusively in the profession, for advice. It will
prevent persons all over the country—'justices of
the peace and others—from attending to legal busi-
ness, orgivingany counsel or advice. I think the
term "lawyer" is well enough understood with-
out the definition.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. If it is in order, I will
so modify my amendment as that it shall read,
"whose business it is to prosecute and defend
or to give advice," &c. That will obviate the
objection of the gentleman from Iowa. [Cries of
u Object!"]
Tlie CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
can move to amend his amendment, but as votes
have been taken on the amendment, he cannot
modify it, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move, then, to amend
the amendment by inserting the words, " whose
business it is."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding at the end of it the following:
And no lawyer who refuses to pay suoh license shall be
allowed to practice in any such court or tribunal.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding to it as follows:
Members of Congress shall pay a license of ten dollars:
Provided, That if they have been leturned to more than two
consecutive Congresses an additional licence -shall be paid
for. Any person who shall coti&ent to be a candidate for
Representative m Congress with the expectation of being
elected, shall beconsideied a member of Cengiess under
this act.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order at this stage. It would
be in order as a new paragraph, but not as an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I propose to insert
what I send to the Clerk's desk as a new para-
graph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. PekdletonJ has moved to add three new
paragraphs. A division of the question was called
lor, and we arc now considering the first of those
paragraphs.
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest an amendment to
the amendment. It now reads every person,"
&c., who gives advice " m relation to any causc
or matter." I move to strike out the words " any
cause or matter,"and insert "causes or matters."
Mr. PENDLETON. I accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. MENZIES. I move now to amend the
amendment by striking out " ten dollars"and in-
serting " twenty dollars." I will say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] that I made
the other proposition to increase the charge to
twenty-five dollars with no purpose whatever to
defeat his amendment. But I think it more reason-
able and just that the price of a lawyer's license
should be twenty or twenty-five dollars than ten
dollars, because that is as cheap a license as any
that has been inserted in the bill.
But 1 wish to make another suggestion. Will
not the payment of this license to the Government
of the United States authorize a man to practice
whether he has procured a license upon an exam-
ination under the State law or not? 1 think the
gentleman from Ohio ought to have accepted the
suggestion of the gentleman from Iowa, and let
the term lawyer go without any definition. In
every State a lawyer must have a license from a
court upon an examination, before he can prac-
tice. Now, after we have defined what shall be
the business of a lawyer, if a man pays this fee
and says that he intends to follow that business,
is he not a lawyer whether he has passed an ex-
imation and procured a license from the court or
not?
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman is mistaken ift
saying that in every State a man is required to
pass an examination and obtain a license from a
court before he can practice. In Indiana, by con-
stitutional provision, every citizen is allowed to
practice law.
Mr. MENZIES. They are consfifotiionaUaw-
yers, then. [Laughter.]
Mr. Pendleton's amendment as amended was
read, as follows:
Lawyers shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
person whose business it is, lor fee or reward, to prosecute
or defend any causc in any court of record or other judicial
tribunal of the United States or ofany of the States, or give
advice in relation to causes or matters pending therein,
shall be deemed to be a lawyer within the meaning of this
act; and no lawyer who refuses to pay such license shall
be allowed to practice in any such court or tribunal.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the words 44 or before
the Executive Departments of the United States
Government."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order at this stas;e.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Would it be in
order to amend so as to include all other public
teachers and benefactors?
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
in order at this time.
The question was taken on Mr. Menzies's
amendmentto theamendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I now move to amend
the amendment by inserting in its proper place the
words " or Executive Departments of the United
States Government." I want to bring pension
agents and land-warrant agents within the defini-
tion of lawyers.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I have no objection to it at
all as a separate section; but it seems to me that
claim agents do not come properly within the
definition of lawyers. Persons who are lawyers
may prosecute these claims; and if they do they
pay their license. If the gentleman from Maine
will propose his amendment as a separate para-
graph I will vote for it; but I hope it will not be
ingrafted on this paragraph.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I cannot see why my
amendment is not germane and appropriate here.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. Rice's amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
j Mr.WHEELER. Ioflerthefollowingamend-
ihent to the amendment:
' No member of Congress shall make a set speech upon
any other subject than that directly before the House with-
out a special license, for which he shall pay the sum of fifty
dollais.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair doubts whether
that is in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Pendleton's
amendment, as the twenty-seventh paragraph, and
it was adopted.
Mr. Pendleton's amendment, as the twenty-
eighth paragraph, was reported, as follows:
Physicians shall pay ten dollar foi each lic^n^e. Every
person, except apothecaiies, who shall for lee or reward
prescribe remedies or peitorm anysurgieal operation lor the
cure of any bodily disease or ailing, shall be deemed a phy-
sician within the meaning of this act.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I oppose
the amendment. I understand that the object of
this bill is to tax luxuries, and exempt, as far as
possible, necessities.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I would like to
inquire in what category the gentleman would
place lawyers, whether as luxuries or necessi-
ties? •
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I deem
law a luxury, and medicine a blessing; and I think
that medicine should not be taxed.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move the same
amendment as was adopted to the other para-
graph, to make it rend " whose business it is,"&c.
Mr. PENDLETON. I accept that modifica-
tion.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend by includ-
ing dentists.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall vote for introducing
this paragraph, and I shall do so in good faith.
Every regularly-educated physician will be per-
fectly willing to pay the license. I know that
every quack will be anxious to pay it. A license
from the Federal Government for these men to
practice would be the best, and in most cases
the only diploma they have. 1 shall vote for'fihis
paragraph. . *
The question was taken on Mr. Wright's
amendmentto the amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. VAN HORN. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing the license from. teM to
five dollars.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by including surgeons.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not think thai prop-
osition material; but if the committee thinks that
it is, I have no objection.
Mr. Wilson's amendmentto the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words " veterinary surgeons
in good and regular standing."
Theamendment to theamendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Pendleton's
amendment, as amended, as the twenty-eighth
paragraph, and it was adopted.
Mr. Pendleton's amendment, as the twenty-
ninth paragraph, was reported, as follows:
Preachers and lecturers shall pay ten dollars for each
license. Every person who shall have charge of a congre-
gation, or who shall deliver any sermon, lecture, speech,
or oiation, for compensation or reward, shall be deemed a
preacher or lecturer within the meaning of tliN act: Pro-
vided, That preachcrs in charge of a congregation, whose
annual salary does not exceed $500, shall not be required
to take out a licen&c.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suppose that amendment
cannot be offered in earnestness, so far at least as
preachers are concerned. Everybody knows that
they labor almost gratuitously, or, at most, earn
but a fair living; and 1 suppose that no one se-
riously thinks of taxing them. I hope, therefore,
without occupying the time of the committee, that
the amendment will be voted down.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all referring to preachers.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " lecturers," and
inserting in lieu of it the words " mothers of fam-
ilies."
Mr. WRIGHT. Within the last few years
the lecturing business has become a distinct occu-
pation in this country. All the literary institu-
tions which issue invitations to distinguished gen-
tlemen are in the habit not only of paying their
expenses but of giving them liberal compensation.
If we tax other occupations and professions 1 do
not see any reason why we should not tax public
lecturers. I am opposed, as the committee has
almost unanimously shown itself to be, to any tax
upon the Gospel. That ought to come free and
without restraint. I rejoice that the committee
has shown such good sense in its conclusion on
this subject.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting " authors." While I do so I
am opposed to the amendment entirely. On the
seventy-fourth page of the bill, in the section in
regard to manufacturers, we have exempted all
printed books, magazines, map prints, views, and
other publications. I think that while we have
exempted from taxation the diffusion of knowl-
edge by printed documents, we should not under-
take to tax the diffusion of knowledge by the oral
process. I hope the paragraph will be rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The proposi-
tion under consideration is confined to lecturers,
comprising something less, I suppose, than one
hundred persons. Now, I put it to the committee
whether it is disposed to tax such men as Artemus
Ward ten dollars forgoingaround and amusing the •
country? This proposition would place a tax on
every gentleman who might be called upon to give
a lecture anywhere. No one knows better than
yourself, Mr. Chairman, that even members of
Congress are sometimes called on to take a little
fee and reward for delivering a lecture. I hope
no such amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HOOPER. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is another class of
meritorious citizens entirely overlooked. I move
to insert, after the word "lecturers," the words
" bachelors of twenty years'standing." [Laugh-
ter.]
