1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2325
voting for Chief Magistrate, failingapopular elec-
tion by the people. The consent of the people of
the several States to this Government and to our
Constitution was a consent given by States in
Stale conventions, and not by a general conven-
tion of the people of all the States.
On the other hand, there are inequalities in rep-
resentation and otherwise, to show that it is not
altogether a combination or union of equal and
separate independent States. The States exercise
all the rights of independent governments, unless
where expressly surrendered. Where they are
expressly surrendered, they come within the ju-
risdiction of the General Government. It is, there-
fore, a complex form of government and not a
simple one. There is no right, under the Federal
Government, for the States to make war on each
other, to enter into confederation, to keep armies
or navies, or to make treaties with foreign Pow-
ers. This, however, cannot prevent their making
actual though unlawful war, entering into unlaw-
ful confederacies, raising armies and navies, in
fact—if they have the means—and entering into
foreign treaties, provided they can find States will-
ing to enter into treaties with them. So they have
the constitutional right to a guarantee ofa repub-
lican form of government, and we give them a
military government. They are authorized to re-
quire of us the guarantee ofa republican form of
government; and yet the President of the United
Slates, as Commander-in-Chief of the Army, with-
out any warrant of constitutional authority, by the
military power, gives them instead a tyrannical,
despotic, military government. They have the
right to select, by the suffrages of their people,
their Governors, their Legislatures, and their
judges as they like, to make laws to govern them-
selves, not interfering with the General Govern-
ment; yet we are giving them military tribunals
and executioners from a military necessity, be-
cause of the state of actual war which justifies it;
not as a punishment for crime, not pretending to
be in the line ofjudicial precedents, but from stern
military necessity.
It is clear, then, that we have against these re-
bellious States and their people belligerent rights.
We have the military right of the subjugation of
our enemies, to be restrained and guided only by
the limitations of military law. To one of those
rights, that of the confiscation of the property of
our enemies, J do not propose at this time to speak.
It is a clear belligerent right to some extent; to
what, I do not now stop to inquire.
1 propose now to comment upon another belli-
gerent right: that to abrogate, overthrow, and de-
stroy any hostile institution. Any municipal in-
stitution or law establishing any civil relation
whatever which stands in the way, or which the
war-making power or the war-conducting power
thinks stands in the way of the successful prose-
cution of the war, be it slavery, be it the govern-
ment of a State authorized by a regular conven-
tion of its citizens, be it judicial tribunals estab-
lished under State laws—whatever the institution
may be, I care not how sacred, any civil institu-
tion that stands in the way of the progress of our
arms to a successful and honorable peace—may be
abrogated by the military authority.
Now, where does this power reside? I say it
resides in Congress. The war power is the high-
est attribute of sovereignty. It is always with the
emperor, with the king, with theautociat. In le-
publican Governments this power is lodged with
Congress, as the representatives of the sovereign
people of the country. Congress is empowered
by the Constitution—among other things—to de-
clare war, to make peace, to raise and support
armies, and within the very meaning and letter of
the Constitution, Congress is "authorized to put
arms into the hands of any loyal citizen within its
jurisdiction. By the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution they may raise armies of.such loyal people
within their jurisdiction as they choose to arm,
be they slaves, be they black men, be they yellow
men, be they rod men, or be ihey white men—any-
body whom they think can fight and act m subor-
dination to military discipline they may enlist m
the armies of the country. They are to make such
rules and regulations for their government in time
of war as they please, to call out the nulitia to
suppress insurrection, levy and collect taxes, quar-
ter soldiers m citizens' houses against their con-
sent, and execute summarily, by maitml law, in
defiance of ihe rights of citizens and without that
due process of law to which they are entitled in
time of peace, for the protection of their lives, their
liberty, and their property. The Constitution lias
delegated to Congress all the powers which are
necessary to carry into effect the laws of war or
of peace. In short, Congress, as the representa-
tive of the sovereignty ofa republican country, has
unlimited power over the whole subject-matter. It
is despotic. So far as the war power is concerned,
Congress is an absolute despotism. They have
the power to pass any law which they think best
calculated to curry the war to a successful conclu-
sion. Theynreabsoluteandsovercign. Ofcourse,
they are subject to the limitations of international
law, which, however, apply no more to them than
they do to emperors ana kings. They are sub-
ject to the control of the doctrines of humanity
that govern all men everywhere, and to the laws
of God that speak in a voice of authoiity, above
the voice of the constitutions and statutes of men,
whether in peace or war.
What is the authority of the military com-
mander of a district, or of the Commander-in-
Chief of our armies ? In the absence of congres-
sional direction his authority is ample in relation
to the modes and measures necessary, in his
judgment, to weaken the strength and resources
of the enemy. If a military necessity should re-
quire it he could, in his discretion, order the uni-
versal emancipation of slaves, he could give them
a military direction, and take them into his ser-
vice. What is a military necessity ? It means
the use of such power, the resort to such means
and measures as will most speedily and essen-
tially weaken the enemy or strengthen himself
to enable him to conquer a peace. But Congress
has full and ample authority to control by law
the policy of the war. I spealc not now of the
movements of armies in the field. I mean the
policy of the war; to say what shall be the gen-
eral character of the movements, whether it shall
be an offensive or a defensive war; to investigate
by its committees into the conduct of the war; to
say how far the enemy's property shall be seized
or confiscated. So it would have a right to say
what institutions were dangerous and should be
suppressed. This ample authority necessarily
results from its full constitutional jurisdiction
over the whole subject-matter of war and peace.
What is the extent of this war power?
Sir, I am one of those who have for a long time
hated slavery intensely, and yet have always sub-
scribed to the doctrine that in time of peace our
Constitution gives no authority whatever to Con-
gress to 1,'icislate in regaid to the institution of sla-
very in the States. I subscribe to that doctrine now.
But the war power is essentially despotic. It is the
enlarged right of self-defense for a nation. It is to
provide for the public safety: it is arbitrary, i re-
ject the idea that slaves maybe confiscated as prop-
erty, or taken as pioperty, under the right of emi-
nent domain. I regiet that the doctrine should
be advanced or sanctioned for an instant by the
Representative of any northern State, that property
could possibly exist in man. It is absolutely idle
to claim that any such right of property can exist.
I look upon slavery, upon the other hand, as
a civil relation, a municipal institution. If in
time of war it is a hostile institution, if it gives
strength to the enemy, weakens the Government,
or embanasses the successful prosecution of the
war, it may be swept away and abolished by miJ-
itaiy authority. In the language of a great states-
man, whose accurate learning and comprehensive
grasp of intellect have never been excelled in the
American Congress:
a i lav this down as the law of nation*. i say that mil-
itaiy authority takes, for the time, the place of all muni-
cipal in.-«mui ions, and slavery among the rest ; arid mat,
under that Hate of thing-, so far hum ita being true that
the State* wlu'ie slavery exists have the exehiMve manage-
ment of ihe subject, no"t only the President of the Uni-
ted Stages, hut the commander of tiic Army, has
fowlr to ok.dcr.the univlr&al rmancipation of the
slaves.1' * '• Fioni the instant that
the t-laveholding States become the thcatei of a war, civil,
j! semle, ot loit-ign, riom ih.it jn>tant the war povveis of
j' Congress e.\t'*nd to lnterfeienee wuh the inanition of
■I i-laveiy, in every way in which it can be interfered
ii wiTH.'liom a claim of indemnity for slaves taken or dc-^
' ^tioyeii, to the ccs-ion of States, bmdenod with ?lavciv*, to*5
a foreign Power." *" * * x '*Jt i-? a war
power. I say it is a war power; and when your country
is actually in wai,,whether it be a wai of invasion or a war
of iiifurrecuon, C'ongioss has power to cany on the war,
and must carry it on, according to the laws of war;
and by the Jaws of war atl invaded countiy h.tb all its laws
and municipal institutions .-w eptby the board, and martial
POWER TAKES THE PLACE OF THEM. When tWO hostile
armies are set in martial array, the commanders of both
armies have power to emancipate all the slaves in the in-
vaded territory."—J. <£. Jidains.
I understand this doctrine to be distinctly as-
sented to by the able successor [Mr. Thomas}
of that venerable statesman in thisHouse,iri whose'
recent speech 1 find the following language;
"There is one other exigency in which the relation Of
master and slave must give way to military necessity. If
the commander of a military district shall find that the'slaves
•within it, by the strength they give to their rebellious masters
—by bearing arms, or doing other military service) or acting
as the servants of those who do—obstruct Kis efforts to subdue
the rebellion, he may deprive the enemy of this force, and
may remove the obstruction by giving freedom to the slavei.
Tins, it is apparent, is not a civil'or legislative, but a
strictly rnitltaiy right and power, springing from tlio exi-
gency. and measured and limited by it, to be used for the
subduing of the enemy, and for no ulterior-purpose, ifthe
Commander-m-Chief, and the generals under him, shall
observe faithfully tins distinction, the use of the power
ought to be no just ground of complaint If, in consequence
of the protraction of the war, the effect of the use of this
power should be to put an end to slavery in any of the
States, or to weaken and impair its force, wc may justly
thank God for bringing good out of evil."
This yields the whole question of power, and
reduces it to the inquiry as to how it shall be ex-
ercised and by whom. It remains a mere ques-
tion of legislative or of military discretion, ac-
cording as you hold that the power resides in Con-
gress, or, absolute and independent of Congress,
in the Commander-in Chief of the Army, or the
commander of a military district.
Various other precedents are stated in which
the military or war power of Congress over the
slaves in the rebellious States is asserted. It is
admitted that captured slaves employed in the mil-
itary or naval service of enemies may be set free;
that the Government may refuse to return a slave
to a disloyal master; ** that the Government may
require the services of all ■persons"—including, of
couise, slaves—" within its jurisdiction, when ne-
cessary to aid in executing the laws, in suppress-
ing insurrection, or repelling invasion. This right
is, in my judgment, paramount to any claim of
the master to his labor under the local law. There
might be a question of the duty of the slave to
obey, but the will of the master could not inter-
vene. His claim, if any, would be a reasonable
compensation for the labor of his slave." I wish
to call the attention of the House to the fact that
of all the powers I have enumerated, these war
powers arising in military necessity wherever
located, not one of them is giren in terms by the
Constitution—not one of them. They are implied
war powers, implied from military necessity. Vou
have the right to destroy the institution that feeds
the enemy, that digs his trenches, that performs
the labor of his army, and stives the necessity of
enlisting more white men to do the service. You
have the (fame power to destroy that hostile in-
stitution that you have to destroy the military
school that educates its officers, or the religious
order which incites its people to hostility under
high religious authority.
If this be so, that although none of the powers
are granted by the express letter of the Constitu-
tion, they nevertheless do exist as war powers,
the whole question of power is yielded, and it ,
leaves only a question of legislative or military
discretion as to the existence of the military ne-
cessity justifying its use. And that is to be con-
trolled— how? By considering what is the true
policy in the particular case, whether of overthrow-
ing or suffering the continuance of any hostile
institution.
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Thomas] has laid down the lule that " nothing
but the direst extremity would excuse the use of a
power fraught with so great perils to both races.*'
What is that direst extremity ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will not find that remark in my speech.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I quote the gentleman's
exact words.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It does not
refer to that subject.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not yield the floor.
I will quote the exact language of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman mean to say that those remarks are
min a ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not yield the floor
further.
What is this dire extremity to which the gen-
