2326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
tleman from Massachusetts has referred? But
a Utile more than a year ago this war was com-
menced. It commenced with the interruption to
the approaches and the threatened attack upon
and seizure of our capital. Massachusetts sol-
diers hastening to its relief, were assaulted and
murdered in the streets of Baltimore; the capital
was .blockaded, and our principal avenue to the
ocean was closed for mouths; and yet, I suppose,
this dire extremity was not reached. Our com-
mercial cities wer'c plunged into bankruptcy and
ruin, oar commerce was threatened by priva-
teers upon the ocean, and our industry para-
lyzed, and yet, I suppose, this dire extremity had
not arrived.
"The angrl of death spread his wings on the blast."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I decline to yield the floor.
A million of American citizens air now m arms
and arrayed against cach other—men who ought
to be fiicnds and brethren—seeking each other's
lives. The bones of hundreds of the unburied
soldiers of Massachusetts and New York are
whitening in the sun upon many disastrous bat-
tle-fields. The hospitals of our cities, towns,and
villages, are crowded with the ciipplud and dis-
abled victims of this cruel war, bearing home
misery to many a mourning family. The fields
are crimsoned with the blood of our slain. And
yet (hegentleman's dire extremity is not reached.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman ought not to quote me, if he will not let
me correct him.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Idonotyield. The flower
of the New England youth, the young men of
education and lefinement from her colleges and
universities, those who should adorn the piofes-
sioits and ornament all the walks of peaceful life,
have, with an earnest patriotism and devotion,
gone forth to battle and to death. The graves of j
Rhode Island soldieis, the neighbors and friends j
9 of my honored friend before me, [Mr. Sheffield,] !
are violated, and their skulls are carved into or- '
narnents to grace I he girdles of the gentlewomen
of the South. Disease and pestilence arc stand-
ing m oui path, and as our victorious troops ad-
vance into the Gulf States, the frightful yellow
fever and gaunt cholera look upon their crowded
camps, and exclaim:
" Wo are the lord-j of tlic teeming town.
And will mow ihoui down, will mow them down."
And still this dire extremity is not reached. "When,
in Heaven's name, will it be reached?
And what are the 44 great perils to both races"
with which emancipation and the employment of
freed men in our Army are fraught? Looking at
what we have done in the past, 1 find otir history
is not barren of examples, to some of which I will :
refer.
The State of Rhode Island, which my friend
who preceded me in this debate [Mr. Siieffilld]
represents, during the revolutionary war, in pur-
suance of the recommendation of W nshington ,and
at the suggestion of General Varnum, armed two
battalions of negro slaves. The preamble to the
act authorizing their enlistment asserts that his-
tory affords frequent precedents of the wisest, the
freest, and bravest nations having Itbeiated then-
slaves and enlisted them as soldiers to fight m
defense of their country; and the act promised to
every slave so enlisting that he should be " abso-
lutely free, as though he had never been incum-
bered with any kind of servitude or slavery." I
wish it could bo blazoned in le/ters of gold that
this Congress, imitating an example so noble, had
proclaimed freedom to be the justieward ofevery
slave enlisting in the military service of the coun-
try. There is no evidence that any white battal-
ion, during the revolutionary struggle, exceeded
in fidelity or courage those Rhode Island freed
men. Hon. Tri&iam Burgess, m a speech in Con-
gress, declared " that no biaver men met the
enemy m battle; but not one of them was per-
mitted to be a soldier until he had first been made
a free man." And Governor Kustis, of Rhode
Island, also said that "they formed an entire
regiment,and discharged their duty with zeai and
fidelity."
So, also, my own State of New York, during
the revolutionary war, passed an act granting free-
dom to all such slaves v/1 thin her borders as should
enlist and serve in the Army for three years. And
again, in 1814, she passed a law authorizing the
raising of two thousand colored troops. There
were many colored sailors in our fleets upon the
northern lakes in the last war with England.
Comr*#dore Chaunccy had fifty upon his flag-
ship, the Pike, on Lake Cham plain; and the bones
of many a black sailor, whose life was sacrificed
in the defense of the country, are buried beneath
the emerald waters of our lakes.
Charles Pinckney, of South Carolina, said, in
1820, in speaking of the services of colored men
in the Revolution:
" To their hands were owing the erection of the greatest
pait of the fortifications raised ioi* the protection of the^
country, and, in the northern States, numeious bodies of
them were eniolied and j ought, side by side with the whites,
the battles oj the Revolution."
The will of the Father of his Country refers in
terms of praise to the faithful services of a colored
man (William Lee) during the revolutionary war,
granting him freedom and a pension. The negro
has never failed to respond with alacrity and bra-
very to a call to arms when the proffered reward
was freedom. I might citc abundant historical
examples to show that no civilized nation ever
failed, when enteringupon hostilities with a State
having the institution of slavery, as a first step
toward weakening the enemy to proclaim the free-
dom of the slaves; and no man ever heard of a
people so degraded and debased that they retained
no aspirations for freedom and were not seeking
occasions to throw off the yoke, and who did not
hail as deliverers any who offered them liberty as
the reward of military service. They all have the
same hopes, passions, desires, aspirations, and
we shall find that with them as with us,
 the voice
That freedom's blessed gospel tells
Is sweet as bound oi'silver bells."
1 am proud to say that the Navy in this war
has never hesitated to enlist colored sailors. They
found in the attack upon the fort at Hattcras that
a gun was no less effective when handled by col-
ored than when handled by white tars. And Jack
never shrinks from fighting side by side with a
brave man of any color, who stands to his guns
without dodging. We have always enlisted col-
ored sailors for the ships on the African station,
for the reason that a boat's crcw of white men
could not row ashore from the anchorage, a dis-
tance of four or five miles, and return, without en-
dangering seriously the lives of all of them. And
if there was no military necessity for colored sail-
ors there is the same samtaiy necessity for their
employment in our Gulf squadrons which exists
on the African station.
It is idle for us to talk of waging a war with one
hand tied behind us, and that not the least service-
able of our hands; and it is equally foolish to go
to war shorn of half our strength and armed with
half our power. The officers of our Army and
of our Navy, conservative Democrats when they
started out, born and bred in slave States, like
Dupunt and Sherman and Hunter, though they
may issue senseless and foolish proclamations,
appealing to the hospitality of South Carolina,
when they get upon the ground soon become im-
pressed with the absolute necessity of enlisting
colored men in the service of the country. I pro-
pose to do the same thing. I do not blink the
question at all. I say I am in favor of putting
arms into the hands ofevery colored man whom
the naval or military commander can, by piocla-
mation or otherwise, induce to come within his
lines, be he the slave of the loyalist or a rebel,
paying any just claim of the loyal person and giv-
ing freedom to the whole as the reward for good
services
I say this is a practical measure. I do not be-
lieve in a proclamation that goes entirely beyond
the power and the ability of the party issuing it
to enforce it, although I do not conceive-it is ne-
cessary, m every such case of a paper proclama-
tion, that the Chief Executive of the United States
should issue a counter-blast. I do not believe in
that.
And here let mc inquire, who opposes the em-
ployment of these men? The men who are act-
ually fighting the battles of the country do not
;j oppose it. You go through a forest with a black
ii man, and meet a beast of prey, you do not nsk
!j him to stand aside behind a tree while you alone
ji fight the ferocious animal; you are willing that
! he should take his club and deal such blows as
he can. And this same principle of common sense
will arm every loyal man in this country who is
willing to serve the country in this its extremity.
Nobody opposes it except those who think that
it will exasperate the rebels in arms against us,
the hyenas who violate the resting places of the
dead, and wear the skulls of our fellow-citizens
as ornaments to their girdles. Nobody is afraid
of it except those who think it will exasperate
this kind of men.
Upon this same principle, if you should come
into this House, you would get a certain class of
men to vote for restoring to the Army_ and Navy
lists every man in the confederate service who has
been stricken from the rolls for treason. Why?
Because they are certain to be desperate and aw-
fully exasperated if you not i'estore them.
You struck them off merely because they are
guilty of treason; merely because they are guilty
of taking service in a hostile army; merely be-
cause they did this, and have slain your sons and
kindred in battle, you struck them from the rolls;
and good fellowship, fear of exasperation, will
induce some to vote to restore them. The same
argument used here will induce you not only to re-
store every one of them to their rank, but to pay
the expenses of the war they have inaugurated,
and assume the whole burden of the confederate
notes; because all this depends upon exactly the
same principle, and because the men who have
lost their money in investment in confederate
notes and have lost their places by enlistment in
the southern army will band together and go
around the country stirring up discontent arid dis-
cord, if you do not do them this demanded justice.
Now, sir, I have sometimes been tempted to
say what I have verily and conscientiously be-
lieved,that there is not aloyal slaveholder in this
country 
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SEDGWICK. Idonotyield.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I claim that the gentle-
man shall yield.
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman rise to
a point of order ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do.
The SPEAKER. Thcgcntleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman says there
is not a slaveholder in this House who is a loyal
man. Did he not ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Not quite. That is too
restricted.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. He said there is not a
loyal slaveholder in the country.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I pronounce the statement
false.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will take his seat.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEDGWICK. Sometimes you can tell
where the blow hits by watching the progress of
the shot, and .seeing where the dust rises.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Suppose I were to say
that no abolitionist was loyal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor, and the gentleman
from Kentucky is out of order.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I was about proceeding to
say that I did not mean by " slaveholder" every
person who was the owner, or claimed to be the
owner, of slaves; and perhaps that would have
relived my sensitive fuends, if they had waited
one moment for the explanation. I mean by
l> slaveholder" the man who believes in the insti-
tution, that it is right, and that it should be per-
petuated,and that itshould be protected by human
law and by the Constitution of the country in
which he lives. The man who holds to that, and
who is not willing, ay, who is not anxious, to
sacrifice the institution of slavery to save the coun-
try, I believe is not loyal. The men who are not
willing to give it up and have done with it, in order
to save the country, exist not only in the seceded
States, but there are a great many such, I fear,
withm the States not actually in war against the
Government—enough, almost, to control their
counsels and their Legislatures, and make them
hostile where they have the power, and neutral
where they have not. I say, I believe a great (tea!
