1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Mr. MALLORY. Docs the gentleman from
Pennsylvania mean to say, " bachelors without
fee and reward ?"
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
that amendment would be disrespectful to the
Speaker of the House, and therefore cannot be
regarded as ill order. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to insert.after the
word "lecturers," the word "schoolmasters."
It is true, Mr. Chairman, that there are some per-
sons in.the community who are, I understand,
doing a very good business by lecturing around
the country at the request of certain literary asso-
ciations. Perhaps a few of them could afford to
pay the small amount in the shape of license which
it is proposed to require out of their receipts, but
the number is very small. The gentleman has
spoken of the number to whom the amendment
would apply as one hundred. In my judgment,
there are not fifty who could pay the tax.
Then the inquiry arises, if you require the li-
cense, who pays it? It is those who are paying
these other taxes. If you send for a lecturer he
fixes the price, and.there is not competition enough
in the business, or perhaps not disposition enough
upon the part of the public, to reduce the price he
asks. Then, again, I say, who pays it? Why,
the people who go to hear the lecture. It comes
from the ten, fifteen, or twenty-five cents which
each hearer pays for the lecture, and it is these
people that you are taxing and not the lecturer.
They may be a distinct class or profession in the
future in the country, but for the present I would
about as soon tax the schoolmaster as the lecturer.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise to oppose the
amendment but to express my regret that a bill of
this character should be treated with the frivolity
and levity, the melo-dramatic levity, that has char-
acterized the treatment of this bill all the way
through. We have not this day made progress
to the extent of two pages in the most unimportant
portion of the bill. If the House is to continue
to indulge in this course of proceeding we shall
become the laughing-stock of the country.
Mr. EDWARDS. I hope the gentleman does
not allude to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not allude to the gentle-
man particularly. I allude to everybody.
Mr. EDWARDS. I withdraw myamendmcnt.
Mr, MORIIILL, of Vermont. I move us a sub-
stitute for the whole amendment submitted by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] the fol-
lowing:
29. Bnkcis shall pay ten dollars foi each lieen^c. Any
poison whoso Imimiios^ i! ^ to bake bioad lor ^alo shall ho
regaided as a b.tkci under this act.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
' the two paragraphia relation to lawyers and phy-
sicians lmvo been voted in the bill, and it is not m
order to move to strike them out.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Then I will offer
it as a substitute for the paragraph pending.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is that amendment in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair thinks it is not
germane, and therefore not in order.
The last paragraph of Mr. Pendleton's amend-
ment, as amended, was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I now move as
an independent paragraph tho amendment 1 indi-
cated in relation to bakers.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit the
following as an independent paragraph:
29. Brick-makcis shall pay ton dollar-* for oach license.
Any poi&on who makes brick tor salt} shall be rogaidud a
brick maker under this; act.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to amend
by adding the following as an independent para-
graph:
AH persons claiming to hold any persons to «civice for
life or a ujrm of yeat>, under tho laws of any Stale, shall
for each person -o held tor life pay the sum of live doJIais,
and for every pt i^on held tor a tenn of yeais .shall pay
the sum of one dollar.
I simply wish to make the remark that some of
my friends on the other side of the House on a
former, occasion showed great anxiety to tax a
certain cjass of persons, and some of our friends
on this side of the House showed an equal anx-
iety to tax them, but they could not agree upon
the exact mode by which it should be done. I
have offered this amendment hoping it would sat-
isfy them all.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding at the end of it, as follows:
And a failure to pav said sum as required by the provis-
ions of this act, shall forfeit the claim of the delinquent to
the services of the person or persont> £0 held by him to ser-
vice, and the person or persons so held shall be foiever dis-
charged from such service.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. .
The committee rose informally; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary,
announcing that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution of the following title; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House:
Joint resolution transferring the supervision of
the Capitol extension and of the erection of the
new dome to the Department of the Interior.
The committee resumed its session, proceeding
again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
Mr. ROSCOE CONTCLING. I understood,
Mr. Chairman, at the last session, and I under-
stand now, that those who object to a tax of this
sort, do it upon the ground that by some impli-
cation it would recognize the right or existence of
property m man. Now, for one, I want to sig-
nify my dissent to that proposition in all its bear-
ings, as constituting an objection to a tax of this
description. I am aware that since 1828, when,
I believe, the discussion commenced, there has
been in both Houses of Congress a grapple for the
mastery between those who have asserted and
those who have denied that slaves are to be deemed
property. And although I know that in one as-
pect it has been made an important question, I
cannot but believe that in this present instance it
is a question of metaphysics rather than anything
else.
Whether I should say that I have in my minor
child or appientice a special property, or whether
the phrase be that I have a right to the service of
that child or apprentice, I cannot believe is, for
a purpose like this, a very important question.
" Property" is a word susceptible of very many
shades of distinction, qualification, and definition.
I may throw my cigar in the fire and burn it. It
is my property to the extent of absolute right. If
I choose to annihilate it, as far as matter can be
annihilated, nobody can deny my right to do so.
Not so with my horse. I have no right to beat
him ciuellynoi to destroy him; the law will pun-
ish mi: for such an act of ownership. Yet both
are my property. And so in respect to other de-
scriptions of property, the term is subject to a
great variety of limitations, conditions, and quali-
fications.
Now, sir, I do not care whether it be true or
false that we recognize in slavery the existence of
property, so far as regatds mere correctness of
expression. We tolerate, by usage and legisla-
tion, the right, if not the right the power, and the
exercise uf the power, which allows one man to
enjoy the services of another. Whether it be cor-
rect or not to use the phrase " property" in that
connection, 1 contend that no objection, growing
out of that criticism, can be assigned to the impo-
sition of taxes such as the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri contemplates.
Now, for illustration: that class of animals, de-
scribed as fern nature are not subjects of prop-
erty. At common law, you cannot sue for and
recover damage to a dog, and I am not aware that
it can be done under the laws of any State.
A Member. You can in my State.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. You cannot in
my State, and I apprehend that m most of the
States you will find that dogs arc in no legal sense
recognized as property. It has been so decided
m New York by the court of dernier resort.
Mr. SARGENT. They maybe special prop-
C' Mr. ROSCOE COCKLING. They arc, per-
haps, propci ty by statute in some of the States.
Weii, sir, lattlesnakes arc not pi opeity, yet when
a man has a collection of rattlesnakes, or other
leptiles and similar curiosities, you may impose
a tax upon (hem. Air is not the property of any
individual, except that which he breathes, yet air
has been taxed in England, first and last, for more
than a hundred years. The elements are not
property, yet they are taxed m many different
modes of enjoyment. From these illustrations I
shall be understood in declaring that I do not care
now whether slaves, in the strict sense of the
word, are property or not. I maintain that, for
all purposes involved in the pending amendment,
the distinction is rather one of words than con-
stitutional law. Whether they are property or
not you have the right to tax them in a suitable
mode and measure, and you can do it without
solving the problem of casuistry or ethics, if
there be ethics in it, appertaining to the vexed
query about the proper name whereby to know
the interest a master has in the service of his
slave.
I will vote with as much pleasure to tax this
recognized claim to service, which gentlemen on
the one side call property, as to tax bullion; and
I would like, if I could, to induce the House to
reconsider the opinion which was expressed by a
vote in July last. I would be glad to reverse the
opinion which the House seems to have adopted,
that no tribute can be levied of the relationship of
master and slave without making some fatal ad-
mission. I would chase away the idea that a tax
on slaves will by some hook or crook or the other
be spelled into a recognition of the right of man to
hold property in man. The particular amend-
ment now pending may be open to objection, but
there seems to me no difficulty in voting upon it
without taking sides on the question whether
slaves are property or not.
The question recurred on Mr.Wilson's amend-
ment to the amendment; and on a division there
were—ayes 42, noes 52.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
Calvert wore appointed.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
the tellers having reported—ayes 4^, noes 59.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by redu-
cing the tax to four dollars. I make that motion
for the purpose of opposing the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.] I sub-
mit that the tax proposed is a tax upon peisons,
not upon property, orprofession, or business; and
I should like to be informed where an attempt was
before made in tho history of the Government to
impose a tax upon persons except as a direct tax,
which, by the terms of the Constitution, is to be
apportioned among the several States, according
to their respective numbers of lepresentative pop-
ulation. At the last session this question was up,
and the tax then imposed upon slaves was, by
the terms of the bill, apportioned among the sev-
eral States according to representative population.
It was then conccded to be a per capita or capita-
tion tax. Whenever you levy a tax to be assessed
upon the person, and not upon his property or
business, such a tax is a capitation tax. I care
not whether the persons named are slaves or
apprentices held for a term of years, as the sub-
jocts of taxation, such a tax is, by the terms of
the Constitution, a capitation tax, and must be
apportioned.
The Constitution declares that:
u No capitation or other dircct tax shall he laid unless
in proportion to the census or enumeration lieicuibefore
directed to be taken."
The first article of the Constitution provides
for this census, and declares:
"That Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned amon? the several States which may bo included
within tlu?> Union, accoidmg to thou jcspcctivr: munbei*,
which sh.ill he determined by adding to die whole numboi
office person^, including those hound to servicc for a toiin
of j oais, and excluding Indians not taxed, thiee fifths of at I
othci person-?."
Slaves, it will be observed, are included in that
provision. They are included by the words
" three fifths of all other persons," and they are
included as "persons." It is provided that a
capitation tax, which is a direct tax, shall be "ap-
portioned," as stated, among the several States.
The amendment proposes a capitation tax, with-
out apportionment. It provides to tax slaveholders
upon their slaves, in other words, to impose a
capitation tax upon each slaveholder according to
the number of his slaves. If the slaveholder owns
ten slaves, he is to be taxed for ton slaves at the
rate of live dollars for each, and if he has only
one slave, he is only to be taxed for one, that is
only five dollars. I tun ready lu strike at the in-
stitution of slavery under the Constitution, and in
accordance with the Constitution.
I want to strike at it without violence to the
