1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
imf
Constitution. Bat, sir, I do not wish, even to
strike down slaveiy, to accomplish it through a
broken oath and n violated Constitution. No cap-
itation tax either upon slaves as such, or upon
apprentices as such, or upon their masters as such,
can he laid without an " apportiornnentamong the
several States,'5 111 the mode prescribed. "The
amendment excludes an apportionment, and is
therefore unconstitutional in my judgment.
Mr. BINGHAM withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CR1SFIELD. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
I am exceedingly astonished that this proposition
should have been presented to tiie committee.
There is no proposition which could be submitted
which is calculated to excite more bitter feeling
and to do more injury in the region of country
fiom which X come. I think if gentlemen will
examine the bill they will see that this is the only
instance where it is proposed to tax property as
property. The bill proposes to tax those who
manufacture and th&se who sell—those who do
business; but it does not propose to lay a tax
upon any particular article of property, except
where it is used for the purpose of manufacture.
Sir, we of Maryland have had a great deal to
stand. I wish to say to this committee that there
is no other portion of the country, except Mis-
souri and Kentucky, in which the people have
stood l^y the Union under circumstances more cal-
culated to drive them from it. We have interests
of property with the people of the South. We
have feelings in common with them. We have a
divided society, yet we have stood firm from the
time that these troubles commenced. We still
stand firm to the Union, and expect to stand firm
to it to the last. Yet loyal as we arc, we may be
goaded into exasperation. What is it that is now
proposed to be enacted-5 To lay a tax of five
dollars a head upon our slaves. Have gentlemen
considered the position in whichitplacesus? We
have nearly ninety thousand slaves in Maryland,
and the amount of tax this amendment will levy
upon that State alone will be more than her por-
tion of the direct tax imposed at the last session
We will have to pay this and our share of the
other taxes too. This proposition is not for the
purpose of raising revenue, but for the purpose
of striking at an institution which we cheush.
What have we done ? Maryland has come for-
waid and raised her share of the direct tax. She
has raised it 011 this description of property. She
has assumed the direct tax in her corporate ca-
pacity, and made provision to pay it—not only to
pay it for (his year, but for the next year and five
years to come. That is only one half of what she
has done. She has assumed that the direct tax will
bn doubled, and she has made arrangements to meet
that condition of facts. Yet loyal as we are, and
have been, here is this proposition to strike at our
interests and to tnx us double what other States
are taxed. I protest against it m the name of the
Constitution. I protest against it in the name of
Maryland's loyalty. I protest against it m the
name of our oppressed people. 1 hope that the
House will not put us to too severe a test.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move the adop-
tion of the following amendment to the amend-
ment:
Ptociiled, That all revenue so raised shall be applied un-
der the direction of the Piesident, in aiding m the coloniza-
tion of ticc negioes a'id such persons as are now held to
snviee and may be made free by the action of any State
where such pei^ons aie held to service.
.Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point that that
makes an appropriation, and is therefore not in
Older.
Air. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It only provides
how this revenue shall be disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled a sim-
ilar amendment out of order a few days ago; but
on reflection, and after an examination of the pre-
cedents,Tie has come to the conclusion that such
an amendment is in order. He therefore overrules
the point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. This is a bill to raise money
to defray the expenses of the Government, and to
pay the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is in order to make the limitation provided by the
ame!)dm''nt of the gentleman iiom Illinois.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. During- the last session,
when a similar question was before the House,
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham]
moved in an amendment the provision that none
of the money to be raised should be used for the
subjugation of any State, and that was ruled out
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. That was ruled out of
order, because it was not germane to the pending
bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let us see who they are
who prefer the extinction of slavery to the pres-
ervation of this Union.
Mr. MALLORY. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The decision of the Chair was decided not to
be the judgment of the committee; and the amend-
ment to the amendment was ruled out.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to increase the amount
one dollar. I failed altogether to see the force of
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] in regard to the unconstitutionality of
this amendment. I leave, however, that view of
the question for the discussion of those who are
better prepared and better able to discuss legal
questions than myself. I have no more doubt
that we have a right to tax this relation than that
we have to tax a man for killing a pig.
In regard to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Crisfield,] I have to say
that it is in his power, as it is in the power of
every other individual affected by this tax, to re-
lieve himself of it by an act of righteousness
which every one of them ought to perform.
For one, I am weary of these protestations of
loyalty, accompanied by a menace, which, if I
heard distinctly, was more than intimated by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Crisfield,] and
more distinctly tittered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,] that if we do not
leave them m the full and unmolested possession
of those victims, whom they are robbing of their
wages, whom they are converting into brutes,
among whom legal marriage is impossible—if we
do not allow them to perpetuate that system of
concubinage and unrighteousness, they will dis-
solve this Union. I am tired of such talk. We
have just as much right to tax this wrong as we
have to tax any other, for the purpose of putting
ail end to it. Loyal! What if you are? Itisoniy
your duty. It is no more forMaryland to be loyal
than it is for Illinois to be loyal. How does it
happen that these men appeal to our sympathies
because they are loyal States? We never boast
of our loyally. It is because this system of slavery
exists among them—a system of robbery; a sys-
tem of rapine and outrage, which the civilization
of the world has got tired of; which is a stench
in the nostrils of God, and which the whole uni-
verse is clamoring to have done away. That is
the reason why it is difficult for th'-m to be loyal.
They want to be let alone, just as the wolf wanted
to be let alone when he was about to devour the
lamb, just as the demons cried, " Let us alone;
what have we to do with Thee, Thou Son of
God; art Thou come to torment us before the
time r" When wc come to touch upon this system
of robbery and outrage, we hear these men lifting
themselves up with swollen crests, and threatening
to dissolve the Union. And when you come to the
bottom of it, it is God's truth that they love this
system more than they do the Union; and when it
comes to the pinch, many will go with the seces-
sionists. Kentucky boasts of her loyalty, and
then sends her sons to fight for slavery in the rebel
army with bullet and bayonet, and her fathers here
to fight for the same thing with voice and vote.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MALLORY. I shall not pretend to offend
the cars of the gentleman of Illinois by indulging
in any allusion to the subject about which he has
been talking. I do not intend to reply at all to
the farago of nonsensical fanaticism which has
fallen from his lips during the last five minutes.
I rise simply as a member of this House, engaged
in deliberation upon the most important measure
that ever came before it, to give the reasons why
I think this tax should not be imposed upon tins
description of property. Now, sir, I know the
gentleman from Illinois, and other gentlemen in
that fanatical line, would like to impose upon the
property which we claim and which we own, in
slaves, a tax so burdensome that we would be
willing, by any means which he and other fanat- ,
ics like him might indicate or devise, to get rid ii
of them. But against this intention and purpose
of the gentleman from Illinois, and-those who act
with him, I .appeal to the gredt mass of the con-
servative, honest, conscientious gentlemen upon
that side of the House.
I ask, then, the question here to-day .whether,
in fixing the terms of this tax bill, they are. dis-
posed to discriminate against this particular speoies
of property, and by a covert attack drive it out of
existence. Do not you know you tax no other
property in this way in this bill? Do not you know
that this is an exception to the rule which the
Committee of Ways and Means have laid down
for its action in relation to this matter? I ask you,
then, why make this exception? Why do you
propose to burden thatsection of the country where
this institution exists with an amount of taxation
which I tell you now candidly they are utterly
unable to bear? My State of Kentucky has been
desolated by this war, her fair fields laid waste,
and her plantations reduced to such a condition
that those who have heretofore made not only a
competency, but a large income, from farming,
will this year be scarcely able to raise their bread
and the necessaries of life. I ask if you aregoing
to vote, 111 addition to the sufferings we now ex-
perience from this calamitous war, this enormous
burden of taxation which is proposed by the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri ? I
utter no menace and no threat. I call upon you
as sensible gentlemen, as conscientious, honest,
fair-dealing gentlemen, to vote down this amend-
ment, and I believe you will do it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the amount to five dollars. I
move the amendment for the purpose of making
one or two remarks in regard to this proposition.
It is a fact almost universally conceded that but
for these four millions of persons held in service
this Congress would not be to-day deliberating in
regard to the means of raising this enormous tax.
Had not this institution of slavery been in exist-
ence the fair fields of Kentucky—so feelingly re-
ferred to by the gentleman [Mr. Mallory]—
would not have been desolated by this war. But
for this institution all would have been peace,
prosperity, harmony, and fraternal feelingall over
the land. Well, sir, while the American Congress
is to-day deliberating as to the ways and means
of raising this enormous tax, which this institu-
tion has brought upon the country, is it not our ob-
vious policy, if we have the constitutional power,
to raise as much of it as is practicable from the
very source of all these evils? It is upon that
ground I ask gentlemen to vote for this amend-
ment.
There is another reason why, it seems to me,
we ought to lay this tax. It is this: that most of
these persons held to labor and service are held
by rebels. Now, sir, you go through the indus-
trial communities of the North, and you lay upon
. them a heavy burden, a burden they can scarcely
j stagger under, and all because this institution of
slavery has brought about this rebellion and
brought on this war. Let me ask the Represent-
atives of the North whether they can go home and
defend this tax in your school districts and among
your neighborhoods, if you leave free and undis-
turbed the cause of this taxation. Of all the ob-
jects of taxation which have been presented to
this House, none,it seems to me,ought to be taxed
so heavily, none is so proper a subject of taxa-
tion, as that which has produced all the evils, all
the debts, and all the difficulties under which the
country is laboring.
Feeling, myself, no constitutional difficulty in
imposing this tax, and feeling that it is a relation
which may be taxed independent of the constitu-
tional provisions which have been referred to by
the gentleman from Ohio, I have no difficulty in
voting for this tax, and I hope it will be carried.
Mr. CRISFIELD. There are many things
which fell from the gentleman from Illinois JMr.
Lovejoy] which I do not feel myself called upon
nor shall even permit myself to notice. I, sir, do
not admire that taste which can use in this pres-
ence, or anywhere the term lecher, and other
terms of that description, of which the gentleman
has made free use. I have no taste for the ideas
they suggest; they are unbecoming the place and
the occasion, and I leave them to the source from
whence they come.
Sir, these troubles which agitate and afflict the
