1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
country have been brought upon us by two classes
of people. One of these classes, whom I condemn
as sincerely and will denounce as severely as any
gentleman upon this floor, is now found in the
ranks of the rebellion, aiming its blows against
the Constitution and national existence. The
other class, quite as mischievous and equally as
detestable, is found in the North constantly agi-
tating and disturbing the harmony and peace of
the country, and of this class the member from
Illinois is a prominent and leading member.
He says that I can, by an act of righteousness,
discharge myself from the burden of slavery. I
may emancipate them. Sir, he does not know
anything about which he talks. In the existing
state of society in Maryland, instead of being an
act of righteousness to emancipate the slaves, it
would be an act of cruelty and oppression. Sir,
Maryland is doing to-day, and through every day
of her history has done more to elevate the con-
dition of the black man than the whole of that
miserable class to which he belongs has done in
all time, or is capable of conceiving. For an age
she has been trying to rid herself of this race; she
has taxed and is taxing herself to find an asylum
for them; but she and her statesmen know, and
every sensible man must see, that while they re-
main where thoy now are they must be preserved
in a state of slavery, or submit to a condition far
worse. The choice for them is between slavery
on the one hand, and degradation, poverty, suf-
fering, and ultimate extinction on the other. Hu-
manity, to say nothing of other considerations,
recoils from the consequences which would bo
inflicted upon that race by emancipation of it with-
out some provision for its removal from the pres-
ence of the superior race. What would the gen-
tleman have us do ? Why, sir, I am the owner
of slaves; they are the descendants in a great de-
gree of the woman who nursed me. Thoy have
grown up around me, and look upon me as their
Protector. I am in truth their only friend. Am
to turn them off as outcasts on the world? I
have been my whole life engaged in their protec-
tion. I have an affection for them, and have a
duty to perform for them. Their children who
have grown up around them—can I turn them into
the street without protection or support? They
have labored for me, it is true, but they have in
turn received from me quite as much as they have
given me. I am not enamored of slavery; if it
did not exist, I should not desire its existence.
And I have 110 wish to continue it longer than it
can with safety and advantage to both races be
extinguished. Provide the means by which 1 can
be remunerated for raising these slaves; provide
the means adequate for their removal, and satisfy
me that their condition will be bettered, and I say
to-day that mine, at least—and I believe I speak
the general sentiment of Maryland—may all go
to that happier condition, and I shall rejoice that
an asylum has been found for them. An act of
righteousness! Sir, emancipation, without such
removal and such provision, is an act of inhuman-
ity. We must either keep them as they are, or
turn them off to be brutalized, and after a season
of degradation and suffering to become extinct.
But I cannot dwell on this point; there isanother
one to which I wish to refer.
The gentleman from Illinois says that we speak
the language of threat. He more than suspects
our loyalty. Why, sir, it is not an act of merit
in him to be loyal. He cannot be anything but
loyal, if indeed he be loyal. But I hold that the
man who stands up here day after day, and year
after year, using his powerful talents to disturb
the peace and harmony of the country, is as dis-
loyal as the man who draws the sword to strike
down the Constitution. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has nowhere to stand but under the stars and
stripes; and there he agitates and labors to embit-
ter the national life. That is the only field for the
exercise of his evil passions. But we of Mary-
lani^have interests, attachments, and social rela-
tions which draw us in another direction; and
yet there is no State in the Union that has given
more solid evidences of her loyalty than Mary-
land. Look at her elections, in which she has
twice expressed her attachment and devotion to
the Union; look at her statute-books, and you will
see that she has assumed all the taxes you have
imposed,arid more than as much more, and made
ample provision to pay them. She has wiped out
the stam upon her good name caused by the mob
of April last, and made ample provision for fam-
ilies of Massachusetts troops who were slain in
the streets of Baltimore; she has undone all the
mischievous work of the deluded men who trifled
with her loyalty, and had well nigh driven her
into revolution. Look at all these things, and
then answer whether it is not a slander to say that
Maryland is not loyal to the Union.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment proposes to lay a direct tax, and
the Constitution of the United States provides that
direct taxes shall be levied on the several States
according to their Federal population.
The CHAIRMAN. That may be a very suffi-
cient reason for the committee to vote down the
amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. Is it not a reason why the
amendment should not be received ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not a reason for the
Chair to decide a constitutional question, but a
parliamentary question.
The question was taken on Mr. Arnold's
amendment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment by reducing the tax one dollar. I
make the motion bona _/irfe,forthepurpose of show-
ing my disposition in the matter. If gentlemen,
instead of raving about the unconstitutionality of
the tax, and about the hardship of taxing this class
of people at all, will show in what respect this is
an onerous imposition on them, as compared with
the taxes imposed on all the rest of the country,
I stand ready to vote to reduce the rate so that it
shall be in moderation, so that these gentlemen
shall be put upon an equality in that respect with
the people of other portions of the country. I do
not understand, sir, the excitement that springs up
among these gentlemen when anything ofthis kind
is proposed. Why, it was but the other day that
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe]
moved in his place on this floor to impose a tax
on this s-pooi^s of property.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman from
Missouri allow me to explain my position on that
matter ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The committee un-
derstood the position which the gentleman took.
His words were reported, and are before the coun-
try. I cannot afford out of the five minutes al-
lowed mo, to give the gentleman an opportunity
to explain.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. When the gentleman gets
through, I will correct that matter.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Very well, sir. I
say, Mr. Chairman, that I do not understand why
it is that these gentlemen should get into parox-
ysms of excitement whenever it is proposed to
impose a tax on this property. They call it prop-
erty, and they know it is used as property. Do
they not know that the landed property of the
North has been taxed as well as the landed prop-
erty of the South, and that the incomes of the peo-
ple of the North have been taxed as well as the
incomes of the people of the South ? Do they not
know now that the part of this bill which imposes
taxes on personal property will fall with almost
entire force on the northern portion of the coun-
try ?
Mr. MALLORY. We do not know that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Well, sir, 1 think
I know it. The manufacturing interests of the
North will be taxed to the highest extent.
A Member. The consumers will have to pay
for it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I know one thing
very well, that these negroes on whom it is pro-
posed to raise a tax, and of whom gentlemen talk
so much, consume very little of the manufactures
of any portion of the country—nothing in com-
parison with what is consumed by the laboring
men of the North. The bulk of these taxes are
to be drawn from the northern States; and when
gentlemen are called upon to vote for their own
taxation they fly into paroxysms of passion and
say we do this thing because of a vengeful feeling
toward their institution of slavery. Sir, we are
under no obligations to slavery.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I made no remark reflect-
ing on the gentleman from Missouri in any shape.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think the gentle-
mandid. If not, I misapprehendedhim very much.
Mr. CRISFIELD. It was not in all my
thoughts.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, My objeetin offer-
ing the amendment which the gentleman from
Maryland criticised in that way was, simply, that
there might be something like equality and equity
in this matter. Here is a large amount of prop-
erty. They consider it property. It is used as
such. Other gentlemen who do not consider it as
such may vote for this proposition on reasons that
appear better to them; but I can candidly say that
this property, which has been used as such and
held as such by these very gentlemen themselves
so long, ought to be taxed, and there is no other
way to reach it than this. I supposed, when the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe] of-
fered a resolution in this House the other day to
tax the slave property of the country, and when
it was objected to on this side of the House, that
we might probably make a compromise on this
question and might come together with the desire
of doing equity in the matter, and taxing service,
which is a legitimate object of taxation. We have
taxed all the franchises in the North; taxed all
rights, property, manufactures. Everything that
is tangible is taxed under this bill. And here is a
thing which gentlemen themselves consider as
property, which they use as such, of which they
enjoy the benefits, and yet for which they desire
to claim exemption from taxation.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have listened to a good deal
of abuse from the other side. I have been called
a fanatic twenty years and more, and it has no ter-
rors for me. When a person is hard pushed for
argument, he usually takes to abuse, and therefore
I do not mind it much. But I want to notice one
thing which the member from Maryland said. He
said there are two classes equally detestable in this
country—the anti-slavery men and the rebels. 1
have no doubt he thinks so. I have heard the same
sentiment uttered here and in the Senate. At least
I have read it after it was uttered and published.
A petulant old man in the other wing of the Capitol
is uttering this kind of sentiment all the while. He
wants to hang the Greeleys and the Cheevers side
by side with secessionists and rebels. If it were
not for the anti-slavery men of the country, the
soldiers, who are risking and laying down their
lives, men whose sentiments are represented by the
very individuals whom that Senator says he wants
to hang—and I judge that this gentleman's [Mr.
Crisfield's] sympathies are with him—neither
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] nor
the one from Maryland would have a home to-day.
The gentleman could not go home and live in peace
if it had not been for these very anti-slavery men,
these fanatics, my neighbors, of whom we the other
day buried forty in one grave, everyone of whom,
fanatics as they were, fought and lost their lives
in defending Kentucky, in defending the gentle-
man's home while he was here calling me a fanatic.
We caused it! We are the source of this war
equally with these rebels! Just what a wicked
king of the olden time said to the prophet who
had foretold the judgments that would come upon
the land in consequence of the sins of the reign-
ing family. The prophet met the king riding in
his carriage, lordly and pompous—a high-toned,
chivalrous gentleman, I presume. The monarch
looked out upon the prophet as he walked along,
and said, "Art thou he that troubleth Israel?"
The prophet turned, and pointing his finger at the
crowned sinner, replied, " I have not troubled
Israel, but thou and thy father's house, in that ye
have forsaken the commandents of the Lord, and
thou hast followed Baalim."
Sir, it is not I, but slavery. There will be no
peace, there can be no peace, until slavery is
placed where the public mind will rest in the as-
surance that it is in process of ultimate extinc-
tion.
What do I propose to do with the slaves ? I
propose to let them alone; I propose to let them
take care of themselves, and they are abundantly
able to do it. It is a miserable slander upon the
poor slaves, toiling and drudging from morning
till night to earn a scanty pittance, half fed and
half clothed—though I do not stick upon that
point, I am willing to concede that you do feed
and clothe them—I say it is a miserable slander
upon him to say that he cannot take care of him-
self. Sir, they can not only take care of them-
selves, but they can get along without their mas-
ters much better than their masters can without
them. There is no doubt about it. If there is any
