2328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
ship Pennsylvania. The sole purpose of it is to
allow the Department to settle with him, so that
the books of the bureau may be squared. I move
that it be taken up and passed. There cannot be
any objection to it. It is only two lines long. If
there is any objection to it, I will withdraw the
motion.
Mr. WADE. Very well; go ahead.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 447) for the relief of Horace M. Hieskell,
a paymaster in the United States Navy.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. As Hor-
ace ML Hieskell was attached as paymaster to the
United States receiving ship Pennsylvania, at
Norfolk, Virginia, on the 20th of April, 1861,
•when that ship was burned by order of the Gov-
ernment or the commander of the station, and he
ia charged by the Department with sundry items
for provisions, clothing, and small stores, which
goods were destroyed when the ship was burned,
the bill directs that Horace M. Hieskell be cred-
ited on the books of the Department with the
amount of such goods charged against him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LAND TO AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up the agri-
cultural college bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 298)
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic- arts; the
pending question being on the amendment of Mr.
Lane, of Kansas, as modified, to insert at the end
of the second section the following proviso:
Jlnd provided further. That not more than one million of
acres hiiall bo located by such assignees in any one ot the
States: And -provided further, That no such location bhall
be made before one year fiom the passage of tins act.
MivlIA RLAN. The colleague of the Senator
from Kansas has an amendment which he desires
to present; and as 1 wish to occupy the Senate
five or ten minutes m making some statements in
relation to tins bill, I will proceed now.
I remarked a day or two since that, although I
represented m part a new State, a State that will
be affected, as it js said adversely, by the passage
of this bill, yet 1 shall vote font for two reasons:
first, the Legislature of the State has, I believe,
instructed me to do so; and,secondly, I do not be-
lieve the State will be seriously damaged should
the bill become a law, and justice to the old States
seems to me to require it.
The first fact, perhaps, that ought to be con-
sidered by the Senators fiom new States is that
the Government has been liberal in making largo
grants of lands for various public purposes to the
" land States;" and I doubt if any Senator has
an adequate conception of the aggregate amount
of lands that have been thus granted. All of the
older land States are entitled to the sixteenth sec-
tion in each township, which is one thirty-sixth
part of the entire area of those States. Each of
the newer land States—Minnesota, Kansas, Cal-
ifornia, and Oregon—is entitled to both the six-
teenth and thirty-sixth sections, being one eigh-
teenth of the entne aiea. Each of the land States
is also entitled to five hundred thousand acres of
land under the act of 1841. They are also en-
titled to seventy-two sections each, to aid in the
organization and support of colleges. They tire
entitled to select twelve saltspnngs, with six sec-
tions of land adjacent fo each, amounting in the
aggregate to seventy-two sections of the public
lands in each State. They are also entitled, un-
der another act of Congiess, to ten sections of
land each to aid m the erection of public build-
ings. They are also entitled to all the land de-
nominated swamp or overflowed lands. They
have also received large grants to aid m the con-
struction of railroads. Many of them have re-
ceived large grants of land to aid in the improve-
ment of rivets, and to aid in the construction of
canals. They are also entitled to five per cent,
of the net proceeds of the sales of public lands
within their limits, made after they enter the
Union.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Iowa if that five per cent, provision
applies to all the new States, or whether it was
only applied to Illinois and some certain States
referred to at the time of the passage of the act.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it applies to all.
Mr. WILKINSON. It has never been so con-
strued in regard to some. Our State never got it.
Mr. CLARK. Kansas gets it.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think it is applicable to all.
That item may not be applicable to all, but if not
it was a mere oversight, and of course when the
attention of Congress shall have been called to it
in the proper way, it will be corrected. In addi-
tion to this, all the mineral lands within the States
are reserved from sale and become a common es-
tate, or perhaps I might style them common plun-
der grounds. They belong to the entire inhabit-
ants in common to use and occupy as they choose
without rent or tax. In addition to this, at the
present session of Congress a bill was passed
termed the homestead bill, which enables any cit-
izen of the United States to settle on and occupy-
after the payment of ten dollars and the ordinary
land ofHce fees, a quarter section of the public
lands, and ultimately secure title in fee simple
without additional cost.
Under some of these heads, very large quanti-
ties of public lands have been conveyed to the
new States. I have a synopsis here, made up by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, cov-
ering the operations of the Department under sev-
eral of these heads for the last four yeais, com-
mencing the 1st of July, 1857, and terminating the
30th ofSeptembcr, 1861. There have been granted
to the States and Territories, for school purposes,
and reserved from sale during those four years,
an aggregate of 49,754,606 acres. There have
been reserved for the use of the same States and
Territories, during the same period, for univer-
sity purposes, 276,000 acres. There have been
awarded to five of these States, under the 500,000
acre grant, duringthis period, l,706,000acres. To
three of these States, to aid in the erection of pub-
lic buildings, 19,200 acres have been granted. Of
saline lands, 133,240 acres have been conveyed to
the three States of Minnesota, Oregon, and Kan-
sas. There have been awarded, during the same
period, under the swamp land grant, 3,910,310
acres.
The entire operations of the Department, under
two or three of these heads, may be found in the
last report of the Secretary of the Interior. The
entire quantity of land awarded to States under
various railroad grants, up to 30th of June, 1861,
amounts to 9,998,497 acres.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I would like to ask
the Senator from Iowa, as he is reading from the
record, if Kansas has any railroad land.
Mr. IIARLAN. There is a bill pending that
will, 1 think, grant to Kansas more lands in pro-
portion to the area of the State than has been
granted for this purpose to any other State of the
Union. The bill has not yet become a law.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Has Kansas received
a foot of lailroad land ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think not up to this time.
Under the swamp land grant the total amount
awarded to the States, since the passage of the laws
of 1849 and 1850,is 57,895,577.40 acres.
Mr. WADE. About live times as much as we
ask for colleges.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consentof
the {Senator from Iowa I wish to put the same
question to him as to that item.
Mr. IIARLAN. I think the State of Kansas
is entitled to these lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Unfortunately we have
no swamps and cannot take an acre of land under
that grant—I mean fortunately for Kansas, but
unfoi tunatcly for land grants.
Mr. HARLAN. I have here a synopsis of the
areas in acres of all the landed States. The States
of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Michigan, Aikansas,
Florida, Iowa, and Wisconsin are entitled, for the
support of schools, to the one thirty-six th part of
their entire area, to be diminished by one thirty-
sixth part of Indian and military reservations.
One thirty-sixth part of their entire area would be
30,855,875 acres. The four other new States—
California, Minnesota, Oregon, and Kansas—are
entitled to one eighteenth of the entireareaof the
public lands within their respective limits. They
are therefore entitled, under this provision, for the
support of schools, to 15,632,635 acres. Kansas
alone is entitled, under this provision, to 2,891,288
acres. This, of course, would be diminished by
one eighteenth of any Indian and military reser-
vations within its limits. But then I may remark
that the Indians for whom these reservations have
been made are inhabitants of Kansas; they are
Indians, it is true, butnonethojessresidents,and
the Legislature of Kansas has petitioned Con-
gress to make them citizens of the United States,
and consequently citizens of Kansas, and the Sen-
ator himself has been urging the Committee on
Indian Affairs and the Senate to adopt and pursue
this policy as rapidly as their condition will per-
mit. If this policy is to be pursued in relation to
all the Indian tribes in the State, they must all be
regarded as inchoate citizens now. They hold their
reservations at this time, whether in common or
in severalty, by a complete title in fee simple.
Hence, although the State in its corporate capac-
ity loses the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
of these reserved townships, the whole has been
granted to her inhabitants. She cannot, there-
fore, complain of the loss of an eighteenth of these
reserves when she receives the whole withoutcost.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the Senator
from Iowa to explain, or permit me to explain.
Do I understand theSenatorto state that the Le-
gislature of Kansas or either of her Senators has
ever asked Congress to give the Indian reserva-
tions to the people of Kansas ?
Mr. HARLAN. I shall be through in one mo-
ment,and then the Senator can submithis remarks.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want the facts to go
with your speech.
Mr. HARLAN, Very well.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On the contrary, the
Legislature of Kansas and people of Kansas have
asked Congress to sell to a Kansas railroad com-
pany the Indian reserves at a dollar and a quarter
an acre; and I desire to say in this connection
that we do not get on the Indian reserves a single
acre of school lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I had made the same state-
ment myself, and hence the Senator is not cor-
recting me, and he will excuse me if I ask him to
wait until I am through, for I shall be through in
two or three minutes more. I had stated that the
State of Kansas would lose the school lands in
the Indian reservations, but that the people, the
Indians, received the whole of those townships,
and that the people of Kansas, and the Senator
himself, had been urging on Congress the policy
of mukirig these Indians citizens of the United
States and voters, making them a part of the body-
politic of that State, and as they receive the whole
of these reservations, the people of Kansas ought
not to complain that one eighteenth has not been
withheld from the inhabitants of these reserva-
tions and given to the State in its corporate ca-
pacity.
The Committee on Public Lands concluded in
view of all these facts, exhibiting a policy of en-
larged liberality towards the new States, that it
would not be unreasonable for the old States to
insist on such a disposition of a small part of the
public land as would result in benefit to them;
especially as they have, by an almost unanimous
vote, agreed to the passage of the homestead bill.
This bill proposes to give 30,000 acres to each
State, for each Representative and Senator in Con-
gress under the census of 1860, which would
amount, if all the States were now loyal and en-
titled to the grant, to something over 7,000,000 of
acres. It is granted to the States in propoition to
representation, and consequently if regarded as a
distribution of public property it is equitable and
just. It is not a grant for the exclusive benefit of
the old States. Under this bill the new States will
not be excluded, but receive their equitable pro-
portion with the older States.
Now, I wish to correct one or two statements
made by the Senator from Kansas
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senatorfrom IowaanotherqucsUon. I understood
the Senator fiom Iowa to state that the amount
given would be 7,000,000 acres. Plow does he
arrive at that?
Mr. HARLAN. By multiplying thirty thou-
sand by two hundred and thirty-nine. On reflec-
tion it would be something more than this. I
believe 1 have not computed for the number of
Senators.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is almost ten mil-
lions, as I stated. There is another question,
however, I desire to ask the Senator fiom Iowa.
