1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman who wants to rid himself of these in-
cumbrances, I am ready to take them 
JMr. MALLORY. I have no doubt you are.
Mr. LOVEJOY. And enter into bonds, with
good and sufficient security, to take care of them
and place them where they are well off.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of going into the House and
terminating this debate.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for just a moment, to enable rac to
make a correction.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I move that the com-
mittee rise. I want to see if wo cannot do some-
thing to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS moved that all debate upon the
section under consideration, and down to the sixty-
sixth section, m the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be closed in one second
after their consideration shall be again resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. Do I understand that debate
has been closed upon all down to the sixty-sixth
section? We arc now in committee only consid-
ering the sixty-second section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not, at the
moment, notice the precise form in which the mo-
tion was made. The House, however, seemed
to acquiesce in it, and it was put and carried as
made. It is therefore ordered that the debate be
closed upon all down to and including the sixty-
fifth section.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope that will not be the
understanding. I have an amendment which I
desire to propose.
The SPEAKER. The order will not preclude
the offering^ of amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON. If that is true, I am willing
the debate shall be stopped.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Col-
fax in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special order, being the bill of the House
(No. 31:2) to provide internal revenue to support
the Government and pay interest on the public
debt.
The question pending was upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Blair, of Missouri, to the amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will withdraw that
amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend by substi-
tuting fifty ccnts as the tax.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Well, sir, I oppose that
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understood the amend-
ment upon which the debate was closed as having
been withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed upon
the whole section, and upon the three following
sections.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire merely to say that
I am opposed to the whole amendment; but if we
are to be taxed upon our slaves, I want it to be
made as light as possible.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair repeats that
all debate is out of order.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agieed to.
Mr. MENZIES. Do I understand that I can
debate the amendment for one second?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
under the order of the House.
Mr. MENZIES. I move to amend so as to
make the tax three quarters of a dollar.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move to amend so as to
make it a dollar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
so as that the tax upon each person held to ser-
vice for a term of years shall be fifty cents.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by striking
out all that portion of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri relating to a term of years.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend so that
the tax shall apply only to those between the ages
of twelve and forty.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 45,
noes 51.
Mr. HARDING. I move to amend so as to
confine the tax to those between the ages of eight
and fifty.
Mr. POTTER demanded tellers on the motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I move to amend so that
the tax shall be one dollar upon all under fifteen
and over forty years of age, and three dollars
upon all between the ages of fifteen and forty.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
I understand the rate of taxation to have been fixed
by a vote of the committee at one dollar. I ask
then if it is now in order to move to strike that
out and substitute another provision?
The CHAIRMAN. If the provision had been
inserted in the bill the Chair would hold that it
was not, but thecommittee may amend the amend-
ment in any way they please, before taking the
final vote upon it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to inquire if
there is any mode of ascertaining these ages?
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is out of order,
and an inquiry is in the nature of debate.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
44, noes 53.
Mr. POTTER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Potter and
Price were appointed.
The committee divided again; and the tellers
reported—ayes 42, noes 53.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to amend, by add-
ing the following at the end of the amendment of
of the gentleman from Missouri:
The amount of the tax socollcctod shall he deducted from
the quota of the direct tax assessed against the States in
which such persons reside.
They have already been taxed.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is out of order.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. Inasmuch as we have already
exempted a large portion of these persons, 1 move
to amend, by striking out " one dollar/' and in-
serting " two dollars."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question now being upon the amendment
of Mr. Blair, of Missouri, as amended,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. Fisher, and Kellogg of Illinois
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 41, noes 52.
So the amendment, as amended, was rejected.
The Clerk read the sixty-third section, as fol-
lows:
Src. 63. Jlnd be it further enacted, That where the an-
nual gross jeceipts or sales of any apothecaries, confection-
ers, eatina-hou&es, tobacconists, or retail dealers, shall not
execcd the Mini of $1,000, such apothecaries, confectioner*,
rating-houses, and retail dealers shall not be required to
take but or pay for license, anything in this act to the con-
traiy notwithstanding.
Mr. HALE. I move to insert after the word
" tobacconists,"in the third line, the words " law-
yers, physicians, surgeons, dentists."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I move
to insert after the word " tobacconist," the words
" tallow chandlers and soap-makers, coal oil dis-
tillers, and photographers."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I should like to hear
from the Committee of Ways and Means how
they propose to ascertain what the annual sales
ai'<j ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order by
direct order of the House.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
the section by adding the following;
The amount or estimated amount of such annual sales
shall be ascertained in such manner as the Commissioner
ot Internal Revenue shall direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. To prevent frauds and
the defeat of the object of the bill, I move that the
section be stricken out.
The motion was not agreed to.
The sixty-fourth section was then read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 64. And be it further enacted, That nothing con-
tained in the preceding sections of this act, laying duties
on licenses, shall be construed to extend to the saleofgoods,
wares, and merchandise made and sold by the manufac-
turer at the manufactory or place where the same is made;
to winedressers who sell, at the place where the same is
made, wine of their own growth; to physicians who keep
on hand medicines solely for the purpose of making up their
own prescriptions for their own patients ; nor to apotheca-
ries, as to wines or spirituous liquor*, which they use in the
preparation or making up of medicines for sick, lame, or
diseased persons only.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to insert, after the
word " made," in the fifth line, these words:
To brewers and bottlers and manufacturers of mineral
water who deliver their goods and wares or commodities
to their regular customers; nor to butchers who travel for
the piu pose of selling fresh meat.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend, in the third
line, by striking out the words " extend to," and
inserting " require a license for;" so that it will
read:
That nothing contained in the preceding sections of this
act, laying duties on licenses, shall be construed to require
a license lor the sale of goods, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend, in the fifth
line, by changing the word " wins" to " vine;"
so as to make it read "vinedressers." It is a
typographical error.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Del-
aware [Mr. Fisher] sent up an amendment to
the sixty-second section, which was postponed,
and has been overlooked. It will now be voted
on. It is to insert the following as an additional
paragraph:
Claims agents shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
person whose business it is to prosecute claims in any of
the Executive Departments of the Federal Government
shall be deemed a claims agent under this act.
Mr. POTTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " ten dollars," and insert-
ing (< one hundred dollars."
Mr. STEVENS These claims agents are the
poorest set of devils on the face of the earth.
[Laughter.] I trust they will not be taxed at all.
Mr. Potter's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. Fisher's amendment was agreed to—ayes
fifty-five, noes not counted.
The Clerk then read the sixty-fifth section, as
follows:
Sj-.c. 65. And be it further enacted, That no license here-
inbefore provided foi, if granted, shall he construed to au-
thorize the commencement or continuation of any trade,
business, occupation, or employment therein mentioned,
within any State or Territory ot the United States in which
it is ©r shall be specially prohibited by the laws thereof.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend that section
by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be held or con-
strued so as to prevent the several States, within tfie limits
thereof, fiom placing a duty, tax, or license for State pur-
poses on any business, matter, or thing on wluch a duty,
tax, or license is lequned by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The mot/on was agreed to.
So thecommittee rose; and Mr. Dawes having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Col-
fax reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill of the House
(No. 312) to provide internal revenue (o support
the Government and pay interest on the public
debt, and had come to no resolution thereon.
MEMORIAL OF TIOMCKOPATHISTS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
present the memorial of the Massachusetts Ho-
moeopathic Medical Society.
