1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can be pre-
sented under the rule.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
have it printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to the printing
of it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The memorial
can be presented under the rule.
EXPLANATORY RESOLUTION.
On motion of Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous
-consent, joint resolution of the Senate No. 26, ex-
planatory of a certain act therein mentioned, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
OPENING OF SIXTH STREET WEST.
On motion of Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous con-
sent, bill of the Senate No. 226, authorizing the
opening of Sixth street west, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
SUPERVISION OF CAPITOL EXTENSION.
On motion of Mr. TRAIN, also by unanimous
consent, joint resolution of the Senate No. 50,
transferring the supervision of the Capitol exten-
sion and the erection of the new dome, to the De-
partment of the Intei ior, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
CERTIFICATES OF INDEBTEDNESS.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was rend,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Moan-; be
requested to inquire into the piopriety and expediency of
authorizing ami directing the Secretaiy ot the Tieasury,
when lulling eemfieates of indebtedness tor pui pose< long
since due and in exchange for quaiteiinastei-." ceitificateh
of inspection, to date the name at the time, as it will appear
.by the certificate of inspection, thai the aiticlo* and sup-
plies were inspected and accepted by the Government of
the United States.
And then, on motion of Mr. HUTCHINS, (at
twenty-five minutes to five o'clock, p. m,,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 2G, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, ltrv. Dr.Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
AGRICULTURAL PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Commissioner of
Patents, transmitting the annual report of the
agricultural division of the Patent Office for the
year 1861; which was ordered to be printed, and a
motion of Mr. Trumbull to print ten thousand
additional copies was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
New York, piaymg for the passage of a law to
establish auniform system ofbanki uptcy thiou^h-
out tin. United States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Me also presented a pennon of German citizens
of Jefferson county, New Yoik. praying that thirty
thousand copies of the agricultural report of the
Patent OiTieo maybe printed in German; which
was inferred to the Committee on Printing,
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Lockwood & Co. and others, bankers m the city
of New York, praying fot the ictuin of their de-
posit of one per cent, on bids for the loan of June,
18G0; which was inferred to the Committee on
Fina nee.
He also presented a memorial of manufactur-
ers and wholesale dealers in confecuoneiy in De-
troit, Michigan, lemonstratmg against the pas-
sage of the clause in the tax bill laying a tax of
two cents per pound on all confectionery manu-
factured; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Air, TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Isaac II. Diiler, of Illinois, late United States con-
sul at the port of Crimen, Germany, praying le-
imbnrsement for private funds spent by him jd
order properly to conduct the official duties of his
office; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the " freedom of specch
and of the press shall not be abridged," and that
the New York Caucasian and all other Demo-
cratic papers now excluded from the mails in all
the loyal States, have the same privileges now en-
joyed by the Republican and abolition papers;
wnich was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying for the passage of a general uni-
form bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petitions
of William Church, George M. Gillett, and Wil-
liam J. Gillett, of Iowa, praying compensation for
damages incurred from depredations of Ink-pa-
dn-tah and his band of San tee Indians; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions of the
Legislatuie of iowa, m favor of the establishment
of a tri-weekly mail route from Des Moines to
Magnolia in that State; a tri-weekly mail route
from Des Moines,Iowa, to St. Joseph, Missouri;
a daily mail route from Eddyville, Iowa, to Ne-
braska City, in Nebiaska Temtory; and a daily
mail route from Eddyville to Des Monies City,
Iowa; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Iowa, in favor of the establishment of a tri-
weekly mail route from Des Moines City to Coun-
cil Bluffs, in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and otdered to be printed.
lie also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Iowa, in favor of the organization or construc-
tion of one Federal or United States circuit for
judicial purposes out of the States of Minnesota,
Iowa, Nebraska, and Kansas; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HALE submitted a letter of the Secretary
of the Navy, addressed to the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, relative to the con-
sti uctionofiion-clad steamers; which was oidered
to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the inemoual and pnpeis in the ease of
Captain John H. Montgomery, of the United States Navy,
on tin: file.-* ot the Senate, he lelened to the Committee on
Claims
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a message
of the President of the United States, with accom-
panying papers, relative to the seizure of the Dan-
ish bark Joigen Lorentzen, by the United States
ship Morning Light, repot ted a bill (S.No.24tf)
for the relief of the owners, officers, and crew of
the Danish bark Jorgen Lorentzen; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
ACCOUNTS OF NAVAL OFFICERS AND SEAMEN.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom were referred the
amendments of the House of Representatives to
the bill (S. No. 244) to provide for the equitable
settlement of the accounts of the officers and crews
of the frigate Congress and other vessels, to re-
port them back, with a recommendation that the
Senate concur in the amendments; and as this is
a small bill that it is necessary should be passed,
1 will ask for immediate action, and state what the
amendments are. The amendments are simply to
insert the words " sailors and marines," and then
to adopt as an amendment to this bill a bill al-
ready passed by the Senate that was introduced
by my colleague. The committee recommend that
the Senate concur in those amendments of the
House.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives. The first
amendment was m hue six, after the woid offi-
cers, " to inset t the words {k sailors and marines;"
and the next was to add as an additional section:
,i)ul be it furl'ici enacted, That the Sect etaty of the Navy
h'\ and he l- hen by. .mthonzed to furiu-h to the sailors,
m.uiues, and eiewV «>: any of the vcwis engaged in the
, n.nal action in the tun-goingsection mentioned, wIkjm; bed
I dmg, clothing, oi other proputty was lost or destroyed
therein, with an amount sufficient to cover their loss, and
not exceeding sixty dollars to each man, to he paid in kind
orm money, at the discretion of the flag officer of the noith
Atlantic squadion.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 238)
to furnish clothing and supplies to the sailors and
men on board the sloop-of-war Cumberland, ask
to be discharged from its further consideration,
as its provisions have been adopted in an amend-
ment just concurrcd in to the bill which has been
disposed of.
NEW POST 110DTE.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route dnect between Downievillc, m the State
of California, and Vnguua, in the Territoiy of Nevada.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 70) presenting the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Ambrose E. Rurnside,
and to the officers and men under his command,
for their gallantry and successful services in North
Carolina; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 71) presenting the thanks of Congress to
Commander Stephen C. Rowan, and to the offi-
cers, petty officers, seamen, and marines under
his command, for their gallantry and successful
services in North Carolina; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
249) to establish a Department of Agriculture;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
250) to amend an act entitled " An act to create
a metropolitan police district of the District of
Columbia and to establish a police therefor,"
appioved August 6, 1861; which was read twice
by its title, rcfened to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. LATHAM. I have a resolution that I
shall offer, and I beg the indulgence of the Senate
while 1 make a brief preliminary statement, as I
shall ask for its immediate consideration. In the
Boston Journal of Satutday evening, March 22,
1862, appeared the following article:
u The vsonablh Plot in* Michigan.—The Detioit Tri-
bune publishes a anions document levealing ail attempt
in that State last fall to oigamze a league for the puiposc
ot ovetthrowing the Fedeial Government. This object is
plainly avowed m a seciet eireulai, which dcclatcb the pur-
pose ot the movement fo be 'to use and unite, if neces-
sary, with the a— [aimy] of the S—. [.South,] oveirun the
N— [Noith] like a inin teane, sweeping the A— [Admnus-
ti at ion] info etcimty,ot..u leas-t, diivjng them into complete
and unconditional Mil>mi-Mon.'> The document is dated
October a, iettil, and bays the league is doing a noble woik
in Mainland and among the soldier at Fort Monroe, and
th.it "Pte-*ulcnt P— jTiesideiu Pteieej in his passage has
drawn inanj biavearid mlhientinl men to the league 5 The
Tubune s-a\s the ouginal of the document is now in the
State Depattment at Washington, and that it led to the
auest and imprisonment ot r-eveiat pernors m Foit La
Fayette. It was discovered that seciet organizations ex-
ited m mativ towns m Michigan, and m numerous places
in Canada West."
This morning I received the following letter
from ex-President Pierce:
Concord, New Hampshire, March 24,1869.
MvDiarSuu J inclose a s-iioit attiule fioni the Satur-
day evening edition of the Ronton Journal, (M.uch 22,} the
suhotanee ot which it is quite probable jou may have t-een
botoie. [laving ongmated in Michigan, and been repro-
duced in Boston, it can haidly be doubted that it has al-
toady secured a wide cuculation.
The subject is not new to me. It was the occasion of a
cone^pondence between the Secretary of State and myself
as paily a«« Deeembei Inst. 1 thought it reason lble to sup-
pose, at the elo^e of that eoue*>pondenee, that the mattet
would cease to attiact notice.
Tin* expectation not having been realized, and the offen-
sive ehaige alleged to be ba-ed upon a document, the oii-
gmal of which " U now in the State Department at Wash-
ington,*' having been levived and extensively published,
will you do me the favor to introduce in the ^Senate a
