3 48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
izing the organization of an Army and Navy; a
statute authorizing" the enlistment for the suppres-
sion of this rebellion of five hundred thousand
volunteers; a statute authorizing the President to
call out and organize the militia; a statute for the
government of all these forces, and for the organ-
ization of military courts summarily to try and
punish all conceivable offenses which any of them
may commit. You have also authorized loans to
the amount of $250,000,000, and have provided
for the capture and condemnation to the public
use of the enemy's property taken on the high
seas, and of such public stores of the enemy as
may be taken in his camps, towns, forts, or mag-
azines; and by your late statute—which I cannot
agree with my friend from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
was a legislative blunder—you have provided for
the confiscation of all property used by its owner's
consent in aid of this rebellion, and for the liber-
ation. of all slaves used in the military service of
the rebels by consent of their masters. You have
also appropriated $500,000,000 to support your
Army and Navy, but not the means to supply the
money. That, sir, is about the sum total of your
legislation for the suppression of this gigantic
rebellion.
Is not further legislation needful to ^sustain the
credit and supply the Treasury of the country?
In my judgment, Congress should not only au-
thorize a limited amount of demand Treasury
notes, as contemplated by one of your bills re-
ported by the painstaking and laborious Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, but should also authorize
an additional loan fully equal to the public wants,
and provide for the prompt payment of the inter-
est upon its loan, and the redemption of its de-
mand and matured notes, by laying direct and
indirect taxes, as recommended by this resolution,
fully adequate to that end. But I submit that,
after we shall have thus legislated, we should go
further. We should by law provide for the con-
fiscation to public use and to the support of the
Government, of all the property of all who shall,
after yourenactment,engagein this rebellion,their
aiders and abettors. I do not stop to further argue
the constitutional power of Congress, so to legis-
late, for on that question a majority of this House
are concluded by the enactment of the confiscation
act of last session. Why should not this legisla-
tion be extended so as to authorize the seizure
and confiscation to the public use of all the prop-
erty, real and personal, moneys, goods, stocks,
credits, and effects of these rebel enemies, their
aiders and abettors, wheievcr found, who shall per-
sist in the rebellion? This property retained by the
enemy is an element, of strength. Why should not
the $300,000,000 worth of cotton, corn, rice, sugar,
and tobacco, now possessed by the enemy, and
to them a means of subsistence and a basis of
credit, be declared forfeited by law, and subject to
seizure and confiscation by your courts to the pub-
lic use? Why should not the fertile lands of the
enemy, as fast as they are wrested from them by
our arms, be by law subjected to the occupancy
of loyal citizens, that by honest culture they may
be made to yield their annual tribute to the na-
tional Treasury ? And above all, sir, why should
not the four millions of slaves held by those rebels,
and by whose unpaid toil this rebellion waged by
a half million of traitors m arms is sustained, be
by a law of Congress declared freemen, and for-
ever released from their unwilling servitude?
The loyal citizens upon the summons of the Pres-
ident, and by authority of your law, rushed six
bundled thousand stiong to the rescue of the Gov-
ernment and the suppression of this rebellion.
Resolved upon this patriotic purpose, they stand
in arms to-day from the shores of the Delaware
to the shores of the Mississippi; >n Maryland and
Virginia; in the Carolinasand Kentucky; in Mis-
souri and Florida. These brave men ai*e leady,
ay, ready to lay down their lives like the im-
mortal heroes at Thermopylae m obedience to the
laws.
Sir, if by a legislative act, forfeiting all prop-
erty and liberating all slaves of these rebels, their
aiders and abettors, you can diminish the bur-
dens of the loyal people, strengthen your arms,
and weaken the enemy, then is such legislation
necessary and an imperative duty. Upon my oath
I dare not withhold my assent from such legisla-
tion. By no act of mine can I consent that there
shall be any unnecessary burdens imposed upon
the loyal citizens, or any unnecessary sacrifice of
their lives in this struggle. I know that the loyal
and good are ready to give all their substance to
the support of the cause of the Government. I
know your citizen soldiers are ready to give up
life for their country. I know that those who bade
them go, and invoked God's blessing upon their
going, and await with trembling solicitude their
triumph and honorable return, will submit, if need
be, without a murmur to that greatest of all sac-
rifice, whffch will to them forever break the charmed
circle of home, and forever change to them the
beauty of earth and the imagery of heaven. If
by law you can soften the burdpna of the people,
or save to any extent the precious lives of your
soldiers, every man here, I trust, would be for it.
I propose the confiscation of enemy property by
condemnation in your courts, and the forcible
seizure by arms. What constitutional restraint
prevents it? Does some one say, " no bill of at-
tainder shall be passed?" I agree to that;I propose
no bill of attainder. I am no advocate of that
" transcendent power of Parliament," of which
Coke speaks, and by which, without judicial trial,
a man may be attainted even after he is dead.
Does some one cite the limitation of the Constitu-
tion upon your power to punish treason ? I agree
that by that limitation your power to punish this
great crime is limited to the life of the offender,
and that you cannot, by your statute, attaint the
bioodof his children. I propose, sir, to deal only
with living traitors; to confiscate their property,
and liberate their slaves. Their slaves are natural-
born citizens, and the country has the right to their
services.
Pass your laws liberating the 4,000,000 slaves
held by the rebels, and thereby break every unjust
yoke m that rebel region; and let the oppressed go
free, in obedience to that command which comes to
us as a voice out of heaven, "proclaim liberty
throughout all the land, to all the inhabitants
thereof." Do you say*this is fanaticism ? Do you
say God was a fanatic when He commanded it,
and that the fathers of the Republic were fanatics
when they adopted it as the sign under which they
should conquer, and burned it with fire into the
very bell whose iron tongue summoned them to
the stern work of resistance ?
And do you say we have not the constitutional
power to enact such a law? Why not? Because,
you say, the slave is the rebel's property. I can-
not admit that; but, conceding it for the moment,
has he not forfeited his property, as well as his
life, to the Government? Have you not by your
law authorized thej;aking of his life, both by the
sword and the gallows? Is his right to his slave,
which came by wrong, more sacred than his right
to his life, which is the gift of God? Has the rebel
special rights and immunities of property in his
slave which you do not accord to the loyal citi-
zen ? Are you not about to assert your power to
take the property of the true and loyal citizen by
taxation, to the extent needed for the public de-
fense? Do you stop with a law demanding the
property of the loyal citizen? Do you not demand
his life as well, and the life of the first-born of his
house? Why, sir, the loyal citizen has no right
or immunity which must not yield to the para-
mount claims and wants of an imperiled country.
Even his house and home, the most sacred pos-
session of man on this side of the grave, must, by
the very terms of your Constitution, be yielded up
for the common defense:
" No soldier shall in time of peace be quaitered m any
liou>e without the consontof its owner; uoi iu tnnijofwai,
but in a manner to be pi escribed by law."—3, Amendments
to the Constitution.
You may thus in war exercise a power which
in time of peacc, even under the constitution of
monarchy, is denied to the scepter and the throne.
The words of the great commoner of England
will live forever:
'• The poorest man may in his cottage bid defiance to all
the powers} of the Ciown. It may be frail, its roof m;ty
phakc,the wind may blow tlnough it, the storm may enter,
the ram may enter, but the king dare not enter—all his
forces dare notcross>the threshold of the ruined tenement."
By your law this inviolable sanctity of the
hearthstone, whence comes the nation's strength,
may be swept away, and yet you cannot confis-
cate the property or liberate the slaves of rebels
in arms. Believe it not, sir, though one rose from
the dead to proclaim it.
Against any legislation to this end, it has been
urged that the power of confiscation and emanci-
pation is a war power, and, therefore, to be exer-
cised only by the Executive as Commander-in-
Chief, or by those under him in the military
service. I admit that it is a war power; but I have
already shown that the Constitution has invested _
the warpowerin Congress, and the powertopass
all laws needful to its execution. The speech of
the venerable John duincy Adams has been cited
as against the power of Congress so to legislate.
The speech w&s not fully cited or considered. In-
stead of making any such declaration he declares
the contrary, that, in time of insurrection or pub-
lic war, the power to emancipate the slaves of
rebels " comes to this House and the Senate."
I have heard it intimated that the President
doubts this power. There is no room for such
intimation, inasmuch as the power, to a limited
extent, was exercised by Congress at its recent
session, by a statute which gave liberty to all
slaves employed by their masters' consent in aid
of this rebellion, and confiscated all property of
rebels used by its owner's consent in aid of the
rebellion, and which statute the President ap-
proved. The President,loyal to the requirements
of the Constitution and the law, tells us in his
message to this session that he has conformed his
official conduct to this statute of Congress; and
that " if a new law upon the same subjectshall be
proposed, its propriety will be duly considered."
Sir, if such a law be passed it is said it will not
be effective. Why not effective? Can you not
enjoin upon the commandingofficer of your Army
the execution of a general law of confiscation and
liberation, in the same manner that by the law of
1806 the duty is now enjoined upon him to secure
for the public use the public stores of the enemy
taken in his camps, forts, magazines, and towns,
and for the neglect of which such commanding
officer shall be answerable. (Fifty-eighth Article
of War.)
But it is said such a law will not, as to the
rebels'slaves, be effective. Why not? Is it be-
cause the knowledge of the fact cannot reach these
slaves? Pass your law simply declaring them
freemen, and that they shall, if they fly to your
standard, receive the protection of your Army,
and the joyful news will in ten days reach every
slave in the Republic, by means of that human
telegraph whose living network overlies every
slave plantation, and is woven of the lacerated
heart-strings of the victims of this infernal atroc-
ity. Will hot your law be effective if passed and
communicated to the slave? Why not? Is it be-
cause he prefers slavery to freedom—the bondage
of death to the glorious liberty of the sons of God?
No, sir, there is no slave in this land, not reft of
his reason by the providence of God or by the
torture of oppression, who would not hail* your
statute of deliverance as the very gift of life.
Though he is a slave he is still a man; and how-
ever ignorant and debased, however closely im-
prisoned in that thick darivness which may be
felt, and which only falls upon those from whom
tyranny shuts out the light, his hope for liberty
as his right is not and cannot be extinguished, for
it is allied to his hope of immortality, and is bound
up with the elements of his soul, which cannot
but by annihilating die.
Pass your law, proclaim it at the head of your
Army, execute it summarily by allowing these
unwilling supporters of the rebellion to escape
from their masters through your lines and receive
your protection in return for their loyalty; and
these children of oppression will make such an
exodus from the house of their bondage as the
world has not seen since that exodus of God's
people which the dark-eyed daughters of Israel
celebrated in that sublime song:
"The Lotd hath triumphed glouously j the horse and his
ndor hath ho thiovvn into the sea."
Pass this law, require its faithful execution by
your Army, and the rebellion must, cease, or its
authors, its aiders and abettors, perish for bread.
Do this, and crown yourselves with the immortal
honor of giving liberty to one portion of our peo-
ple and the serene blessings of peace to another,
is it said that upon such statute of liberation, and
by reason of its enactment, these slaves will rise
m insurrection. To say this is to libel human
nature in its lowest estate Gratitude is insepara-
ble from the human heart in every condition of
life, in every zone of the earth's surface. To shiver
the fetters which bind in cruel bondage the souls
of men will not excite in them hatred or anger or
revenge, but will attune the heart to the sweet
