1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolution calling for the correspondence to which I have
referred.
It will stuke you, I am sure, hoth upon public and per-
sonal ground*, that ^uch imputations should not be permit-
ted thus to circulate unchallenged, especially when an an-
swer to them, at least so far as I am concerned, has been
for months upon the files of the first Department of the Gov-
ernment.
I am, very truly vour friend, &c.,
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Hon. Milton S. Latham,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
Mr. President, I shall offer the resolution in
my band, and I trust the Senate will permit its
consideration now, for I deem it nothing more
than proper, not only to this distinguished indi-
vidual , bat to the country, that the truth in rela-
tion to this charge should be known, and if a
malignant and base calumny, that it should be
branded as such:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
transmit to this body copies of any coru^pondenco which
may have taken place between Hon. William II. Seward,
Secretary of State, and Hon. Franklin Pioice, o x-l're-ident
of the United States, having leference to a supposed con-
spiracy against the Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the Chair first to ascertain whether there is
any objection to the consideration of the resolu-
tion now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to make some re-
marks in regard to the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are not in
order unless the resolution is befoie the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the resolution is before the
Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. A copy of that letter was
furnished by me to the State Department, I think
as eprly as November last, and it has been in my
hands since the 7th or 8th day of October. I
should desire to road to the Senate the whole of
the letter, of which that is an extract, but it is at
my room, and 1 have not got it with me at this
time. The organization was most treasonable and
infamous; it was wide spread; and it received the
attention of the State Department, as I think it
should have done. The writer of that identical
article—a Dr. Hopkins—was on his way to ac-
cept a commission as suigeon in the Federal Army
when he was arrested and sent to Fort La Fayette.
About that time " the Knights of the Golden Cir-
cle," as I was informed and believe, came to the
resolution that they would be more patriotic than
anybody else; that they would rush into the Fed-
eral Army; that they would put men, if possible,
in every regiment of the Federal Army; and, to
myceitam knowledge, they did succeed in get-
ting a large number of the worst traitors in the
United States into the Federal Army; and they
are there now. This man Hopkins acknowledged
the writing of the letter, but undertook to call it
a joke. Well, sir, it was a pretty serious joke. I
have, perhaps, more information than it is neces-
sary for me to divulge at this time in reference to
the matter.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not gainsay anything
the gentleman has said. What I wish, and what
I feel is due to the Government and the country,
is to know whether a person who has filled the
highest office within the gift of the American peo-
ple, an ex-President of the United States, was in
any manner connected with such an organization.
It is due to him, and it is dun to the country, that
it should be known whether such is the fact; and
that is simply the object of my resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very glad, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the Senator from California has pre-
sented tins resolution. I think it is alike due to
ex-President Pierce and to the country that the
facts, so far as they are attainable at the State
Department, should be obtained by the Senate
and spread before the country. I do not under-
take to say, nor to intimate, that the papers to
which allusion is made by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will in any way implicate ex-President
Pierce. I do not know how that may be; I will
not undertake to say. That there is such a let-
ter as has been referred to by my colleague is cer-
tainly tru^; for I have seen the original with my
own eyes, or that which is called tin' original. I
Ik'!ic\i;, however, that the resolution of my friend
from California does not iequire a copy of that
paiticuiar letter—the letter of Dr. Hopkins. I
would inquire of him whether it is broad enough
to cover that letter. It calls simply for any cor-
respondence that may have taken place between
frx-Presidont Pierce and the State Department,
and I think stops there; but I may be mistaken.
Mr. LATHAM. At the suggestion of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, I will amend my
resolution, so as to .add at the conclusion of it,
" and all other papers relating to the same."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment will
be made, so that we may have all the documents
before the Senate. I will go further—I do not
know that my friend from California will—and
suggest to him to extend his resolution so far as
to require the production of any written or printed
document in the possession of the executive de-
partment of this Government relating to the or-
ganization and purposes of a secret combination
known commonly as the Knights of the Golden
Circle. I will not move such an amendment now
myself; but I suggest it to him, and if he will move
it, I shall be very glad to have him do that also.
Mr. LATHAM. I think the resolution is broad
enough as it is. That might involve matters which
the State Department might not deem conducive
to the public interest to lay before this body. I
should certainly vote for such a resolution if it
were brought in independently of my own; but I
think it is embarrassing the resolution I now offer.
Mr. HOWARD. I will not offer it myself. I
am quite satisfied with the extent of the resolu-
tion as amended by my friend from California. I
hope it will pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Secretary read
the resolution as it now stands?
The Secretary read it, as follows:
llcsolvcd., '.That the Secretary of State be diifeted to tians-
mit to this body copies of any coi re.-pondonce which may
have taken place between lion. William fl. Seward, Sec-
retary of State, and Hon. Franklin Pierce, ex-Piesident of
the United State*, having lefcrenee to a Mippo.sed eon*ph-
acy against tiie Government, and all other paper* lelating
to the sumo.
The resolution was agreed to.
GENERAL SIIIELDS'S REPORT.
Mr. BROWNING read to the Senate the fol-
lowing telegiaphic dispatch, which he had re-
ceived from Mr. Rice, who was not able to be
present:
Winchester, Virginia, March 26,1862.
To Hon. II. M. Rice, United States Senate:
On the morning of the 23d my command, between seven
and eight thousand strong, was attacked near this place by
Jackson, with eleven regiments of infantiy and Iiir-h bat-
talion, about fifteen hundred eavahy, and twentv-eight
piece1? ot artilleiy. After a severe fight, the enemy was put
m complete rout, leaving behind them two pieces of can-
non. four carson-, and a large number of small aims, and
about thiee hundred pi isoners. Ourlo«s was one hundred
and fifty killed and thtec hundred wounded ; enemy's* loss
tivv hundred killed and one thousand wounded.
JAMES SHIELDS, Brigadier General.
AID TO TUE STATES IN EMANCIPATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up for
consideration the joint resolution of the House of
Representatives tendering the aid of the Govern-
ment to such States as wish to abolish slavery.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 48)
declaring that Congress ought to cooperate with,
affording pecuniary aid to, any State which may
adopt the giadual abolishment of slavery; the
pending question being on the amendment of Mr.
Davis to strike out all after the word il that" in
the resolution, and to insert:
Although the wholp Mihjrct of -davory in the States
exclusmh vi ithm the jut i^dsction and cognizance of the
government and people ot the States, te^peetively, having
>lave*, and cannot !)<• mtcilVtcd with dneetly oi indirectly
by the Government oi the United Suite*, vet, when am of
those Stilted or then people inaydetemune to emancipate
then slaves, the (JniT'Hj States will pay a i eaconable puce
fc>  the viavo.-* thej moy cmaneipute and the cost of their
colonization in some other country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any substan-
tial difference between the resolution fiamed by
the President and the resolution as proposed by
the Senator from Kentucky. The resolution as
framed by the President is more terse and I think
much better expressed, and it contains the same
ideas, except the idea of colonization; and in my
opinion, it had better be adopted as it was framed j
by the President. I think the President's resolu- i
tion carefully excludes the idea that Congress has ,
any right to'mterfere with slaveiy in the States, j
It contains two or three simple propositions. One i
is that whenever any Stated desires to relieve itself
of the existence of slavery, the General Govern-
ment will help that State to the extent of its ability,
without pointing out the mode or manner. Itisa
simple proposition. It recognizes the right of each
State to regulate and control its domestic institu-
tions in the broadest terms. The language is sim-
ple and plain. I hope, therefore, that no amend-
ment will be allowed to pass.
Mr. DAVIS. I admit that the general principle
both of the original resolution and of the substitute
which I have offered is the same; but the substi-
tute proceeds to define the nature and the extent
of the assistance that the Congress of the United
States is disposed to give to the States where sla-
very exists or to individual slaveholders in those
States provided they should proceed in the work
of emancipation. 1 want Congress to express its
will and its purpose in relation to that particular
view of this subject. The original resolution on
that point is wholly indefinite. The extent of the
assistance, the nature oftheassistance, except that
it is to be pecuniary, is not at all defined or at-
tempted to be defined by the original resolution.
The substitute provides in explicit terms that if
the slave States themselves or the slaveholders in
those States undertake the work of manumitting
their slaves, the United States at least will give
them assistance to the extent of paying them a
reasonable compensation for their slaves and fur-
ther contribute money to the colonization of those
slaves outside of the United States.
I want to know whether gentlemen are in earn-
est in that proposition, and I want to know to
what extent they are in earnest. If the border
States, or individual citizens of the border Stales
who own that description of property, can receive
a satisfactory assurance that they will be compen-
sated to something like the reasonable value of
their slaves, and that a system of colonization will
be undertaken at the costof the United States Gov-
ernment, by which the emancipated slaves will be
removed from the country and established in a
community to themselves or in a mixed commu-
nity in some of the Central American Govern-
ments, it would be a very great inducement and
encouragement to them to enter upon the work.
But the general proposition will not commend it-
self in any considerable degree, in my judgment,
to the favor of the States holding slaves, or the
slaveholders of those States, unless there is a spe-
cific and a definite pledge of the extent of assist-
ance to something like the measure that is indi-
cated in my proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say in a word
that, as I understand it, the resolution suggested
by the President covers two ideas: first, emanci-
pation by the States at tiieir own pleasure, in their
own way, either immediately or gradual; and,
second, the idea of colonization, a thing believed to
be necessary to go along side by side with eman-
cipation by nine tenths of the people of the States
interested, and without which they declare eman-
cipation impossible. The resolution does not
mention compensation nor colonization either, but
implies and looks to both. I shall vote for the
resolution without amendment. I do not desire to
go into details at present. I regard it but a decla-
ration of a purpose on the part of Congress.
Mr. President, within this District of Colum-
bia, where we have exclusive legislative power,
there is no doubt about the power of Congress to
raise money to compensate the owners of slaves
when emancipated, or to raise money to aid m
colonizing them. Within the States, however, a
question may be made as to the power of Con-
gress to raise money to compensate for slaves
within the States; but on the question of raising
money to aid in their colonization there can be
no question whatever. The Constitution denies
to the States all powers to make treaties with for-
eign States. They can be made by this Govern-
ment alone. The Constitution expiessly gives
Congress power to regulate commerce with for-
eign countries. By treaties with foreign countries
we have power to encourage and to aid this pop-
ulation to go there and aid in developing their re-
sources, and, m consideration of these advantages,
they will give us by treaty, not only the rights of
citizenship to these persons who are colonized,
but give us givat eommcrcinl advantages, repay-
ing us all our expenditure fourfold.
But, Mi. President, I do not intend to discuss
the question now. I rose simply to say that I
