1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3291
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, it will be so amended.
The sixth section proposes to make it the duty
of the board of police, from time to time, to select
and employ from among the duly appointed and
qualified justices of the peace for the county of
Washingion such justice or justices as may be
required, and as it may deem proper, to sit at the
respective station houses for the hearing of such*
charges as may be broughtagainst persons arrested
and carried to the station houses; and no person
is hereafter to be allowed to give security for the
payment of any fine imposed, but every person
sentenced by the justice to the payment of any fine
and costs is to stand committed until they are paid,
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the words:
And no person shall hereafter be allowed to give secu-
rity for the payment of any fine imposed; but every person
who shall be sentenced bv the justice to the payment of any
fine and cost*, shall stand commuted until tlicy are paid.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And every person who shall be sentenced to pay a tine
and costs, or either, shall satisfy the same liefore beini re-
leased by payment or by giving security to the satisfaction
of the justice imposing sur+h fine and costs; and when such
security shall lie taken, the justice shall be held pei.-onally
liable to said hoaid of police (or the amount of the fine and
costs, to be collected of him as a debt due and payable.
The amendment ivas agreed to.
Section seven provides that no member of the
metropolitan police force, under penalty of forfeit-
ing the salary or pay which may be due to him,
shall withdraw or resign, except by the permis-
sion of the board of metropolitan police, unless he
shall have given to the superintendent one month's
notice, in writing, of such intention. There is to
be no limitation or lestriction of place of residence
to any member of the metropolitan police force,
other than residence within the metropolitan po-
lice district; and it will be the duty nf the board
of police to cause the location of the patrolmen to
be changed from time to time, as the efficiency of
the force shall require. It is to be a misdemeanor
for any person not being a member of the metro-
politan police force, or.specially empowered thereto
by tin; board of metropolitan police, to serve any
criminal or coiporation process within the said
metropolitan police district.
Mer43R(M ES. 1 move to strike out all of that
section after the word " require," in line twelve.
The words proposed to be stricken out are:
Ft 'hull be a misdemeanor for any person not being a
member of Ihe metiopoliean police force, or specially em-
powered thereto by the board of metropolitan police, to
serve any criminal or roi potation process within the said
metropolitan police di-tnet.
The amendment was agreed to.
The eighth section provides that the ex officio
members of the board of police (being the Mayors
of Washington and Georgetown) shall be entitled
to leceive the same compensation as is allowed by
law to the commissioners of police, beginning from
the date of the organization of the board, August 19,
J861. The monthly compensation of the sergeants
of police (who are hereafter to be designated as
lteutetmntsof police) is to be seventy dollars; that
of the roumismcn.(not exceeding two to each pre-
cinct, who are to be designated as sergeants of
police) sixty dollars; and that of the patrolmen
fifty dollars; to be paid as now required by law.
And the board of police may appoint not exceed-
ing six detectives, who shall receive a monthly
compensation of seventy dollars; not exceeding
one turnkey or doorman to each police station or
lock-up house, who shall receive a monthly pay
of forty dollars; and, from time to time, assistant
clerks, (riot exceeding three in number,) at a
monthly compensation of §83 33 each.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out all of that
section down to the word " taw," in line twelve;
to strike outthc word " and," and insert " that,'*
in the twelfth line; to strike out ''seventy dollars,"
in line fourteen, and insert 44 sixty dollars." I
stated to the Senate that that is the only addi-
tional expense which will be imposed on the Gov-
ernment by the passage of this bill, the creation
of these detective policemen at a salary of sixty
dollars a month. I move also to strike out all
after the word u dollars," so as to leave the sec-
tion just this one sentence:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the said board of police
mav appoint not exceeding six detectives, who shall re-
ceive a monthly compensation of sixty doijars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to strike out section
nine.
Hie section was read, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That the treasurer of
said board of police shall receive, for the use of the metro-
politan police, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures growing
out of violations of law and of the ordinances ot the cor
porations of Washington, Georgetown, and the levy court,
in the county, or in any other way received by the said
metropolitan police fotee. and the same apply to the erec-
tion ot station houses, and payment of the other necessary
expenses incurred by the said police force, in such manner
as the said board may, from time to time, direct. And the
said treasurer shall, immediately after the expiiation of
each and every year, make full and complete reports to the
said board of all his receipts and evp'endttuies during the
said year. And in case of the death of the said treasurer,
or his removal from office by the votes of a majority of the
whole board, any money remaining in his hands shall im-
mediately pass into the hands of his successor in office,
and shall, without delay, be paid to such successor by the
said treasurer in case of his removal, oi his executois or
administrators in case of Ins death. And the said treasurer
shall, in addition to his regular salary, be entitled to such
per cent, of the said moneys, so received by him under the
authotity oi this section, as the said board may deem just
and leasonable for his services. And the official bond of
the treasurer shall bo fixed at §30,000. The corporations
of Washington and Georgetown shall 110 longei beiequivcd
to furnish, heat, and light the station houses for the met-
ropolitan police.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section ten provides that the board of police,
for meritorious and extraordinary services ren-
dered by any member of the police force, in the
due discharge of his duty, may permit hi(n to re-
tain for his own benefit any reward or present tend-
ered him therefor; and itshall because of removal
from the metropolitan police force for any member
thereof to receive such reward or present
withoutnotice to the board of metropolitan police.
Upon receiving notice, the board may eitherorder
the member to retain the same or dispose of it for
the benefit of the policemen's fund. All fines im-
posed by the board of police upon members of the
metropolitan police force, by way of discipline,
and collectable from pay or salary, and all rewards,
fees, proceeds of gifts, and emoluments, that may
be paid and given for account of extraordinary
services of any nicmberof the metropolitan police
force, (except when allowed to be retained by the
member,) and nil moneys remaining for the space
of six months in the hands of the property clerk,
or arising from the sale of unclaimed goods, and
all proceeds of suits for penalties under this act,
are to be paid 10 the treasurer of the board, and
the payments so made are to accrue to the benefit
of the policemen's fund, unless otherwise appro-
priated by the board.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out in the eigh-
teenth line all of that line after the word " mcm-
ber,"and all of the nineteenth and twentieth lines,
and all of line twenty-one, to the word " shall,"
and then in line twenty-two, after the word "po-
lice," to strike out down to the word " unless,"
in the twenty-third line; so as to read:
Atl tines imposed by the board of police upon members
of the metiopolitaii police foice, by way of discipline, and
collectable from pay or salary, and all reward-, tees, pro-
ceeds of gifts, and emoluments that lnav be paid and fnven
for account of extraordinary services of any member ot the
metropolitan police t'oice, (except when allowed to be re-
tained by said member,) shall lie paid to the treasurer of the
boai d of men opolitau pol ice, unless otherwise appropriated
by the board of police.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section eleven provides that the several mem-
bers of the police force shall have power and au-
thority to immediately arrest without wairant,
a-nd to take into custody any person who shall
commit, or threaten or attempt to commit, in the
presence of such member, or within his view, any
breach of the peace or offense directly prohibited
by act of Congress, or by any ordinance of the
city or county witlun which the offense is com-
mitted, threatened, or attempted; but he is imme-
diately, and without delay, to bo conveyed before
the nearest magistrate, to be dealt with according
to law.
Mr. GRIMES. After the word " force," in
line two, I move to insert the words, "including
the commissioners of police."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section twelve provides that, for the better exer-
cise of the powers and duties before enumerated,
the bottrdof police are directed immediately, and
from time to time hereafter, to cause to be col-
lected into a compact form all the laws and ordi-
nances in force in the District having relation and
applicable to police and health, and publish the
same in a form easily accessible to all members
of the community, as the police code of the Dis-
trict; and the code so prepared, and such rules
as the board of police may from time to time adopt
for the purpose of enforcing and carrying out the
provisions thereof, is to constitute the law of the
District upon the matters therein contained. All
laws, or parts of laws, inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act, are to be repealed.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out " direct-
ed," and insert" authorized;" and after the word
" hereafter," in line four, to insert the words "but
without expense to the United States;" so that
they may codify their laws without our paying
for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
SETTLEMENT 01' NEGROES IN WEST INDIES.
Mr. POSTER. I ask that the bill in regard to
the slave trade, which was reported from the Com-'
mitteeon the Judiciary a few days since, and to
which the honorable Senator from New York [Mr.
King] suggested an objection, be taken up. I trust
he will not persist in it; I think the bill may be
taken up and passed without objection. - I hope
he will, on consideration, be satisfied that it will
be for the interest of the slave as well as all con-
cerned to pass the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No~.
385) to .amend an act entitled " An act to amend
the act entitled ' An act in addition to the acts pro-
hibiting the slave trade,' " was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that a divis-
ion will be called 011 that bill, and I therefore move
that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave notice that I thought
it was wise to meet this evening to do up some
executive business, which will meet, probably,
with no opposition. I move, therefore, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Allow me to have a bill
passed for the protection of the lives of passengers
on board of steamboats. It will not take two min-
utes and it seems to be important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have no interest in it ex-
cept the benefit of the public service, and I have
charge of this bill. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
382) 111 addition to the act entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes,' approved 30th of August,
1852," was read a second time and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Itprovides that the
inspectors of steamers appointed under the pro-
visions of the act of the 30th August, 1852, shall,
by virtue of such appointment, be empowered and
required to inspect any steamer not carrying pas-
sengers agreeably to the provisions of the third,
fourth, and fifth sections of the act approved 7th
July, JS38, and that certificates of inspection by
such inspectors shall be of equal validity as nf those
inspectors who may have been appointed by any
district judge of the United States, but the fees for
such inspections are to be accounted for in the same
manner as is provided for those for the inspection
of passenger steamers by the afct of the 30th of
August, 1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed, and read a third time; and it was
read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive, business.
The motion was agreed to; and after §ome time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
