1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2331
sheep so slaughtered upon which the duty is fraudulently
withheld, tvaded, or attempted to be evaded: Provided,
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall prescribe
such further rules and leguiations as he may deem neces-
saiy for ascertaining the correct number of cattle, hogs, and
sheep, liable to be taxed under the provisions of this act. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to insert the word " calves" in four distinct
places in this section, so as to make it include that
class of animals.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section seventy-six, as fol-
lows:
Railroads, Steamboats, and Ferry Boats.
Sec. 76. And be xt farther enacted, That on and after the
1st day of May, 1882, any person or persons, fiuns, compa-
nies, orcorporations owning, posse^sins, or having the caie
or management of any railroad or railroads u^ing steam
power thereon, shall be subject to and pay a duty of two
mills per mile for each and eveiy passenger carried on said
railroad or lailroads: Provided, That when season or com-
mutation tickets are issued or sold entitling the holder to
travel or pass over any raiiioad or railroad's daily for any
number of days, not less than thirty, consecutively, it shall
be lawful foi the owners, possessors, or the agents thereof
of said railroad or railroads to return, account foi, and pay,
in lieu of two mills per mile for each and every passenger
cariied holding, or entitled to hold, such season or commu-
tation tickets as afore^iid, a duty of three per cent, on the
gross receipts foi any and all such season or commutation
tickets; and any person or persons, firms, companies, or
corporations owning, possessing, or having the care oi man-
agement of any steamboat, or other vessel propelled by
steam power, except ferry boats, shall, on and after the day
as aforesaid, be subject to and pay a duty of one mill per
mile, reckoning the actual oi estimated distance fiom the
place of embarkation to the place of landing, for each and
every passengei carried on said steamboat or other vessel,
except feiry boats, propelled by steam powei as aforesaid;
and any person or persons, firms, companies, or corpora-
tions, owning, possessing, or having the care oi management
of any railroad or raihoads,the motive power of which not
being steam, feny boat*, or vessels used as feiry boats, pro-
pelled by steam oi by hoisi: power, shall be subject to and
pay adutv ol one and one halt of one pei cent, on the gross
amount of receipts denved from carrying p issengeis in any
manner as aforesaid ; and all persons, firms, and compa-
nies, or coiporattons, which aie the proprietor of bridges,
and as such are authouzod to take toll for the tiansitof
passengers, beasts, carnages, teams, and freight of any de-
scription over such bridges, shall be subjcct to and pay a
like duty of one and one half of one per cent, on the gro^s
receipts deiived from the toll so imposed ; and the owner,
possessor, oi person or persons having the eaie and man-
agement of such railroads, steamb'oats, feny boat^, or other
vessels orbridge£ *as aforesaid, shall, witlun thirty days after
the end of each and every month, commencing as heieto-
fore mentioned, make a list or return to the assistant as-
"« sessor of the respective disliicts where such lailroads or
bridges are located, or where Mich steamboats or other ves-
sels belong, with the numberof miles pas^engeis have been
carried as aforesaid, and the amount, if any, of the season
oi commutation tickets as aforesaid, together with the whole
amount of duties winch have acciued or should accrue
thereupon, and the piopaetois of bridges, a* atoresaid, shall
make a like return of the monthly gioss icccipts and earn-
ings fiom tolN as aforesaid, which return shall be verified
by oath or animation of the owners, possessors, agents, or
proper officei of said firms, companies, or corporations, in
the manner and foi m to be pi escribed tiom time to time by
the Commissionci of Internal Revenue, under the direction
of the Secretatv of the Treasuiy, and shall also, monthly,
at the time of making said letuin. pay to the collector or
deputv collector of the district, as aforesaid, the lull amount
of said duties; and the ownei, possessor,or peison or per-
sons having the care or management of any such railroads,
ferry boats, vessels or budges, as hereinbefore descubed,
shall, within tluitydays after the end of each and every
month, commencing as befoie mentioned, make a list or
return, and render the same to the assistant assessoi of the
respective distiiets where such lailroads aie located, or
where such feiry boats, vessels, oi bridges asafoiesatd, be-
long, of the amount of gross i eceipts denved from carrying
jiassengeis, or the tiansit of passengers, beasts, carnages,
teams, and freights, in any manner, as aforesaid, together
with the amount of duties winch have accrued or should
acciue, which list or leturn shall be verified by oath or
affirmation of the owners, possessors, agents, or proper of-
ficer of said firms, companies, or corporations, in manner
and form from time to time to be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction of the
Secretaiy of the Treasury, and shall also, monthly, and at
the time of making said list oi return, pay to the collector or
deputy collector of the distuct, as aforesaid, the full amount
of said duties; and in case of neglect or refusal to make
«aul list or icturn, as aforesaid, for the space of thuty days
aftei the time when said list or leturn should have been
made, as atoiesaid, the assessor or assistant assessors shall
proceed to estimate the duties as heretofore piovidcd in
other cases of delinquency; and incase of neglect or refusal
to pay the duties, as aforesaid, fot the space ot thuty days
after said duties become, due and payable, said owner, pos-
sessor. or person or poisons having the care and manage-
ment of said firms, companies, or corpoiations shall pay m
addition thereto a penalty of five per cent on the amount
due; and in case of fraud oi evasion, whereby the revenue
is attempted to be defrauded or the duty withheld, said
owners, possessors, or person or persons having the caie or
management ofsuch turns, companies, or corpoiations shall
be subject to and pav a penalty of ten dollars for each pas-
senger earned and not properly accounted for, or to a pen-
ait\ of wl,OOU, at the discretion of the court; and a like
penalty foi each neglect to account for the full monthly tolls
aceiuing from the transit of passengers, beasts, carnages,
teams and freight, y-s aforesaid; and all movi-aon:-, m this
aCt m relation to Uens and collections by distiamt, not in-
compatible herewith, shall apply to this section and to the
objects therein embraced: Proeufc</,Tlmtailpersons,firms,
companies, or corporations, as aforesaid, shall be exempt
from any duty for foreign immigrants traveling inland from
the seaboard one hundred miles or more, when carried at re-
duced rates ot fate, for any passenger or passengers carried
by* them, or any of them, av aforesaid, when carried free or
without chaige: Piovulcdy farther. That all railroad com-
panies are hereby authorized to add the duty or tax imposed
by tins act to the rates of fare, any limitation which may
exist in the chatter of said companies or laws of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thccommittee pro-
pose to strike out the whole of this section after
the word " that," in the first line, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
On and after the 1st day of July, 1862, any person or per-
sons, fnms, companies, or corporations, owning or possess-
ing, 01 having the care or management of any railroad or
tail roads upon winch steam is u*ed as a propelling power,
shall be subject to and pay a duty of three per cent, on the
gross amount of all the receipts and income of Mich raihoad
or railroads for the transpoitation of passengeis over and
upon the same; and any person or persons, fiuns, compa-
nies, or corporations, owning or possessing, or having the
care or management of any railroad or railroads using any
other powei than steam thereon, or owning or possessing,
or having the care and management of any steamboat or
othei ve=sel propelled by steam power, or owning, possess-
ing, or having the care or management of any lerry boat,
or vessel used as a feriy boat, propelled by steam or horse
power, shall be subject to and pay a duty of three per cent,
upon the gross receipts and income of such railroad, steam-
boat, vessel, or terry boat, respectively, for the transporta-
tion of passengers ovet and upon said railroads, steamboats,
vessels, and feiry boat*!, lespectively; and any person or
persons, films, companies, or corpoiations, owning, pos-
sessing, or having the care or management of any bridge
authorized by law to receive toll foi the transit of passen-
gers, beast*, carriages, teams, and fieight of any descrip-
tion over such bridge, shall be subject to and pay a duty of
tineeper cent, on the gioss amount of all their receipts
and income for passcnaeH and freight of eveiy descup-
tion. And the owner, possessor, or person oi persons hav-
ing the caie and management of any such railroad, steam-
boat, feny boat, or other vessel, orbiidge. as afoiesaid, shall,
within five days after the end of each and every month, com-
mencing as heteinbefoie mentioned, make a list or letuin
to the assistant assessor of the distuct within which such
ownei. possessor, companv, 01 corporation may have his or
its place ot business, or whete any such raihoad, steam-
boat, feiry boat, orbridge is located oi belongs, respectively,
stating the gross amount of such ieceipts lor the month
next preceding, which letutn shall be veiified by the oath
or affirmation of such owner, possessor, manager, agenj, or
othei proper officer, in the manriei and form presciibed lrom
time to time by the Commissioneroflnternal Revenue, and
*hall also, monthly, at the time of making such letuin, pay
to the collector or deputy collector of the district the lull
amount of duties which have accrued on such receipts for
the month aforesaid; and in case of neglect or refusal to
make said 1 ists or retui n for the space of five days after such
return should be made as aforesaid, the assessor or assist-
ant assessor shall pioceed to estimate the amount received
and the duties payable thereon, as hereinbefore provided in
other cases of delinquency to make return for puiposes ot
assessment; and for uie purpose of making such assess-
ment, or ot ascci taming the correctness of any such return,
the books of any such person, company, or corporation «hall
be subject to the inspection oi the assessor 01 assistant as-
sessor on his demand or request thcrctor; and in case of neg-
lect oi icfusal to pav the duties as aforesaid when the same
have been ascertained as aforesaid for the space of five days
after the same shall have become payable, the owner, pos-
sessor, or person bavins the management a^ aforesaid shall
pay, in addition, five per cent, on the amount of such du-
ties; and for any attempt knowingly to evade the payment
of sucii duties, the said owner, possessor, or peison having
the care or management as afoiesatd, shall be liable to pay
a penaltv of $1,000 for every such attempt, to be lecoveied
as provided in this act for the lecovery of penalties; and
all provisions of thi* act in relation to liens and collections
bydistiaint not incompatible herewith shall apply to this
section and the objects therein embraced : Provided, That
all such persons, companies, and corpoiations shall have the
ri"ht to add the. duty or tax imposed hereby to their rates of
faie whenever their liability thereto may commence, any
limitations which may exist by law or by agieement with
any person or company which may have paid or be liable
to pay sucii fare to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are some amend-
ments that I propose to make in the amendment
itself Some of them are formal, and some are
material. I will first take the formal ones, which
I suppose nobody will object to. In the one hun-
dred and seventeenth line 1 move to strike out the
words " and income." They are but a mere re-
petition. That would leave the tax 011 the gross
amount of all the receipts of the railroads.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move, to strikeout the
same words " and income,'1 in line one hundred
and twenty-eight.
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out the
same words " and income," in line one hundred
and thirty-seven.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be necessary, with
regard to some amendments upon which the com-
mittee, I think, do agree, in relation to the tax
imposed on horse railroads—I think the commit-
tee had an understanding on that point—to make
a little different location for certain words. Imove
to insert in line one hundred and sixteen, after the
word " power," the words " or of any steamboat
or other vessel propelled by steam power;" so
that the clause will read:
Any person or persons, firms, companies, or corporations,
owning, or possessing, or having the care or management
of any railroad or railroads upon which steam is used us a
propelling power, or of any bteamboator other vessel pro-
pelled by steam power, shall be subject to and pay a duty
of three per cent., See.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator propose to
strike out the similar words on the next page?
Mr. FESSENDEN". I propose to make it good
sense if the Senator will allow me time.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will excuse me.
There was 110 explanation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to follow out ^
the amendment that has just been made by strik-
ing out in the one hundred and twenty-second,
one hundred and twenty-third, and one hundred
and twenty-fourth lines, the words:
Or owning or possessing, or having the care and manage-
ment of any steamboat or"other vessel propelled by steam
power.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator repeat the
words to be stricken out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will notice
that there is in the first clause a provision that all
railroads upon which steam is used as a propel-
ling power shall pay a duty of three per cent, on
the gross amount of all their receipts. Then, in
the next clause, it goes 011 to repeat that horse
railroads, and also steamboats, propelled by steam
power shall pay the same rate. It is a repetition.
Wc propose to make a reduction with regard to
the horse railroads, and therefore we transfer the
clause relating to steamboats, which pay the same
1 ate, to come in immediately after the clause about
the railroads. It now reads, as amended:
Any person or persons, firms, companies, or corporations,
owning 01 possessing, or having the care or inanagementof
any railroad or raihoads upon wiiieii steain is used as a pio-
pellm" power, or of anysteiimboat or other vessel propelled
by steam power, shall be subject to and pay a duty of three
per cent, on the gross amount of all the receipts of such
railroad or railroads for the transportation of passengers over
and upon the same.
Then it goes on:
And any person or persons, firms, companies, or corpora-
tions, owning or possessing, or having the caie or manage-
ment of any railroad or railroads u&ing any other power
than steam thereon-
Then, leaving out the words which have just
been stricken out, it goes on— .
or owning, possessing, or having the care or management
of any feny boat or vessel used as a feiry bout, propelled
by steam orhoise power, shall be subject to and pay a duty
of thiee per cent upon the gross receipts of such railroad,
steamboat, vessel, or ferry boat, lespectively, &c.
I now move, sir, to strike out, in the one hun-
dred and twenty-seventh line, the word " three,"
and to insert " one and one half." That is the
tax on horse railroads and ferry boats.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In order to make the
clause conform to the amendments just adopted,
I move to strike out, in line3 one hundred and
twenty-eight and one hundred and twenty-nine,
the words steamboat, vessel;" so that it will
read:
A duty one and one half per cent, upon the gross receipts
of such railroad or ferry boat, &c.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr FESSENDEN. Now,sir, with reference
to that clause, there is nothing left but toll-bridges
that pays three percent, on passengcrsand freights.
I do not propose to alter that provisional present;
but I wish to see what will be the eflect of an-
other proposition thatl deane to make. The mo-
tion 1 shall make is in the clause with regard to
steamboats and railroads propelled by steam, to
insert the words " freight and" before the word
" passenger," and to strike out " three," and in
sert" t.woandahalf;"sothat instead of being three
percent. 011 the gross amount of all the receipts
for passengers, it will be two and a half per cent,
on the receipts for freight and passengers. I will
state my reasons for offering this amendment,
which I move on my own authority.
