350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. STEVENS objected.
Mr. SEDGWICK stated that Mr. Duell was
detained from the House by illness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. LOOMIS. I desire to give notice to the
House that I will call up the contested-election
case of Butler vs. Lehman for the action of the
House to-morrow, immediately after the reading
of the Journal.
TAXES IN REBEL STATES, ETC.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs a. bill to enforce
the collection of direct and other taxes imposed
by the act entitled "An act to provide increased
revenue from imports, to pay the interest upon
the public debt, and for other purposes, "approved
August 5, 1861, and to liberate the slaves of reb-
els and colonize the same. I ask that the bill may
be printed, and made a special order.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
reporting th'c bill?
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I object to its being
made a special order.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
reporting the bill?
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Not if it goes to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BLAIR., of Missouri. I will give the bill
that direction.
No objection being made, the bill was reported,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. OLIN subsequently moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motton was ontcied.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I ask leave to intro-
duce a resolution for information.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be a call of the committees for reports;
and proceeded to the call.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for
the relief of the owner of the British ship Perth-
shire; when the Speaker signed the same.
COOLY Tit ABE.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported back, witli amendments, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, a bill (H. It. No.
109) to prohibit the Chinese cooly trade by Amer-
ican citizens in America)! vessels.
The bill was read in extenso.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read and agreed to, as follows;
First amendment:
Line twenty-eight, page 2, after the word " vessel," in-
sert " steamship, oi ^ea'm vest-el."
Second amendment:
In section two, aftei the woid that," in the first line,
etukc out "all and eveiv p'T-on so building, fitting out,
oqmppintr. loading, or othenvhe piepaung, sending t<> sf a,
or navigating a-^ "owner," and insert " every person who
shall so buiid, lit out, equip, hold,or otherwise prepaie, or
who shall s-eud to sea oi navigate ad owner."
" Third amendment:
In the List line of the bill, insert in the hi,ink the woids
" take effect from and after six months liom the day of its
passage."
The question recurred upon the engrossment
and third reading of the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. Several communications have
been made to the two Houses of Congress by the
Presidents of the United States upon the subject
of the c.ooly tiade. On the 7th of April, lt*'5S, "the
following resolution was passed by this House:
c- lies iIllJ. That the t'ic-ident he loquested i<> conmnml-
o.ite what inhumation he may po^e-. in regit!d to citizen-;
ot'lhe United Nates being engaged in the &hive hade, oi m
the nan-puiMUon in .Amoiicaii^liipaoi eooiies liom China
to Cuba and othei countuo, with the intention of placing
or continuing thf,ni in a .stay ot slaveiy or servitude, and
whethei sueh traffic i< not, in hi> opinion, a violation of the
spirit of existing tn .-in. -.. / ,> akring thu-^e engaged in it lia-
ble to indictment for piracy; and especially that he be re-
quested to comm uiueate to this House the facts and circum-
stances attending the shipment from China of some five
hundred coolies in the ship Sea Witch, of the city of New
York, lately wrecked on the coast of Cuba."
That resolution called from the President a mes-
sage which will be found in Executive Document
No. 105, of the first session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress. No opinion is given by the President,
and no answer was made to the question which was
proposed t!b liim. The subject was, however, then
for the first time called to the attention of the Con-
gress of the United States.
On the 24th of April, 1856, the Secretary-of
State, Mr. Marcy, was called upon by the Senate
forinformation concerning the same subject. And
in August, 1856, a communication was made to
the Senate, which will be found in Senate Execu-
tive Document No. 99, of the first session of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress. I believe those two
documents bring the history of this cooly traffic,
so far as it has been brought to the knowledge of
the commissioners of this country, down to the
period when they were published.
In January, 1857, the Senate called upon the
President for all the correspondence which had
taken place between Mr. McLane and Dr. Parker,
who were our commissioners to China, with their
Governments; and in December, 1858, a commu-
nication was made to the Senate, which fills two
large volumes, and covers some fourteen hundred
pages or more. It contains all the correspond-
ence with the Department of those two gentlemen.
It may be found in Senate Document No. 22, of
the second session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress.
In May, 1860, another call was made for in-
formation in regard to the cooly trade. The House
of Representatives called for that, and received
from Mr. Buchanan a message and documents,
which will be found in Document No. 88, of the
House of Representatives, first session of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress.
On the 13th of July, 1861, the House of Rep-
resentatives again called for further information,
and, at the present session of Congress, an an-
swer has been made to that call by President Lin-
coln, in a communication which will be found in
House Document No. 16.
At the first session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress a resolution was offered by Mr. Morse, of
Maine, calling for action upon the subject, and
that resolution was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, of which my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiiburne] was chairman. That resolution
was: •
" That the Committee on Commerce inquire into the ex-
pediency of prohibiting by law all American vessels from
engaging in the cooly trade, or from transporting appren-
tices, so called, to the West Indies or other parts of the
world."
At the same session another resolution was of-
fered by Hon. Mr. "Walton, of Vermont, who
has taken much interest in this matter, and to
whom I am indebted for valuable information. In
April, 1860, I had the honor of submitting to the
House a report upon the subject, which is Docu-
ment No. 443, of the first session of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, and I believe that report will be
found to contain substantially the facts concern-
nig this iniquitous traffic which had been made
public by any communications from our commis-
sioners abroad to the Department at Washington
at the time when that leportwas presented to the
House. The Committee on Commerce at that
time also instructed me to report a bill. The rules
of tiie House—which are very good instruments
in the hands of gentlemen who are conversant with
them, and who are opposed to any action by which
to hinder luisty legislation—disabled me from ask-
ing a vote upon the bill during that session of
Congress, and yet i do not know that 1 have ever
heard a solitary objection come from any quarter
( against cither the principle or the details of the
; bill as imported fioni the committee, except it was
from one member, a member from Kentucky,
whose obituary was eloquently pronounced not
long ago by tion. Mr. Wickliffe; I refer to
j! Mr. Burnett, who is now doing what he can to
' pull down the Government which he was then
under oath to sustain and support; and that objec-
tion, as I recollect it, was based simply upon the
asseiiion that he desired to debate the bill, as it
might by possibility affect some of his constitu-
ents who, as he declared, had some cooly laborers
upon their plantations.
Well, sir, the bill substantially as it was then
reported is now here for the consideration of the
House; and it is not my purpose at all, unless it
should become necessary, as I do not suppose it
will, to go at any length into discussion of the
bill, or to occupy the attention of the House in
stating the importance of their action upon the
subject. But it has seemed to me that it was right,
inasmuch as this is now for the first time brought
to the consideration of the House as a new sub-
ject of legislation, that I should briefly state to
the House why it was that there had seemed to
be need of action, and what the history of this
cooly traffic is up to the present time. It will be
seen that from time to time since 1856 there have
been calls made upon the different Presidents—
upon President Pierce and President Buchanan,
and now upon President Lincoln—for informa-
tion upon this subject, and communications have
been made from them which have laid before the,
House and before the country a state of facts upon
which it seems to me to be high time that some
action should be had. I doubt if it can be found
in the history of the slave trade in its worst days
that greater atrocities have been committed, that
greater violations of all the laws of God and of
humanity have been perpetrated, than are dis-
closed in these documents to which I have referred
the House.
In February, 1856, Dr. Parker, in a letter to
Secretary Marcy, said that in his judgmentsome-
thing more must be done than simply leaving Uni-
ted States merchant vessels to their fate if they
engaged in this unholy traffic. What he referred
to was this: about a year before this time, in Au-
gust, 1855,1 believe, there had been an act of the
British Parliament passed for the purpose of pro-
tecting their own people, and applicable to British
ships and foreign ships alike. It was a law regu-
lating immigration into British Guiana and Trini-
dad. There had been some two thousand coolies
carried into one of these ports in the course of a
few years, and the Parliament of Great Britain
acted upon the subject, and a law was passed un-
der which vessels, whether British or foreign ves-
sels, would be forfeited if they were found with-
out the prescribed papers and in British waters. It
was supposed that inasmuch as American vessels
were somewhat engaged in this traffic there, their
confiscation and forfeiture under the British law
might affect their trade. Dr. Parker says to Mr.
Marcy that, in his judgment, something more will
be necessary than to leave the vessels of the Uni-
ted States engaged in this business to their fate;
some active, affirmative, demonstrative, prohib-
itory legislation. No danger of confiscation under
foreign laws will prevent men from engaging in a
traffic which has piled up their coffers with money.
We know right well that there are men enough
who could tell you quickly, if they thought that
nobody could hear about it, how much they would
take in exchange for their souls. Keep the fact
secret,letnobodyknowit,and there will befound
plenty of American men who will be willing to
run all kinds of risks of confiscation and seizure
under foreign laws so long as their own Govern-
ment takes no notice of* the trade. Let us put our
stamp upon it. Let us here, by legislation, de-
clare it illegal—not a piracy; this bill does not so
designate it, and yet no statute pirate who has
brought slaves from the coast of Africa more
truly, in my judgment, deserves execration than
those men who knowingly, who consciously, who
with a knowledge of the sufferings that have been 'i
inflicted upon families in China by this trade, or
upon the victims of the traffic, have engaged in
the work of bringing coolies from their native
homes to the island of Cuba.
In January, 1856, soon after the arrival ofDr.
Parker as United States commissioner in China,
he published a proclamation denouncing this busi-
ness. He had been there before, I think, as sec-
retary of legation; but my impression is that he
entered upon the discharge of his duties as com-
missioner in the early part of 1856, or in the very
last part of 1855; and one of his first acts was to
issue a proclamation which brought to the atten-
tion of the commercial world and of his own Gov-
ernment somewhat of the story of this traffic and
of the character of the cooly trade. It will be
found m one or two of the public documents to
which I have referred; but 1 have it before me in
tfee report made to the House from the Committee
on Commerce, and I will call the attention of the
