THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
House to it. It is found upon page 6 of the re-
port, and I desire simply to read an extract from
it for the purpose of showing that the Government
of China had at that time gravely disapproved of
the whole traffic, and sought to control and pre-
vent the carrying oil of that business. Dr. Parker
says:
'* The correspondence of the impciial Government with
this legation has; evinced its stiongdisappiovalofthe traffic,
dcscnbing it in terms which place it upon a level with the
slave tiade itself, and, admitting the tiade to be proper per
se, that it has been cairicd on in localities wheie foreign
tiade is not petnntted by any tieaty, and is theiefore, ilie
gal, and the foieign name has been icndeiedodious by this
ttaffic, hundreds and thousands of lives being inhumanly
sacrificed," * * * * kim some instances in
a manner than which nothing moie levoltmg can be con-
ceived." * * * * This notification respects
the 'cooly trade ' 111 contradistinction to the voluntaiy e.mi-
giation of Chinese adventureis ; between the&e there exists
a wide difference."
I will not occupy the time of the House in read-
ing the whole proclamation. The fact which he
states, that the Government of China disapproved
of the traffic is-the one to which I desired to call
the attention of the House; and it is a source of
satisfaction that at that time Dr. Paiker had rea-
son to believe that same of tho ofliceis of oui own
Government were disposed to do what they could
to discourage it; and I confess it scums surprising
to me, with all the information that has been had
during1 these years, from the time of Mr. Pierce's
Presidency down to this time, with all this inform-
ation running through so many volumes, there
lias yet been no definite action picssed upon Con-
gress, no bill reported and carried to a final vote,
prohibiting; this most iniquitous slave trade of the
nineteenth century; but so it is.
Dr. Paiker says that upon one occasion he was
at the Department of State when Mr. Matey. Air.
Gushing, the Attorney General, and Mr R. M.
MeLane were present; and at that time this sub-
ject was broached. This was some time before
September, 1855. He says:
"1 was struck with the subject, which was conflicted
one degiee woi^e than the slave n'ade; and I was told by
the tfoact.uy of tfrate that< undei given eircum-uanec* it
would be my duty publicly to discountenance it.' Befoie
returning to" Chiiia I learned the paiticulais of the awful
tragedy on boaul the cooly ship YVaveily—nioie rexolung
than the honoi^ of the black hole m Calcutta On mrival,
1 deemed it m\ duty to look into the subject, little aware
that it was so senous as I found ir, and in the only way
piaetic.ible to discountenance it, soi'ai as the United States?
iiag was concerned."
Dr. Parker refeis in that communication to the
ship Waverly. That ship sailed from Swatou,
which I believe* is now a legal poi t, but winch was
then an illegal port. Mr. Brock is now consul
there. On the 24th of October, 1855, the ship put
into Manilla, on account of the death of her mas-
ter. There was a rumor which reached the shore
that there was an infectious disease on board, and
she was ordered to a place by the name of Cavito,
some six miles fiom Manilla, for the purpose ot
being examined. The lumor was found to be un-
founded; but there was mutiny on board. The
coolies rose; a fight occuircd 'The acting master
fired among them; and, under his instructions,all
the coolies, some four hundied in number, were
driven below. The hatches were battened down.
Well, sir, I should like the House to hear what
the captain himself says, as to what followed. In
Document No. 99, to which 1 have before alluded,
will be found Insentiies upon the log-book of the
vessel. At twche o'clock at midnight, between
the 27th and 28th of October, he took of! the
hatches, to let the coolies come on deck again.
They had been driven below some twelve or four-
teen hours before, and they had been confined
below all that time. It seems that a message had
come to the agents of the vessel at Manilla relative
to the mutiny that had occurred; and foreseeing
the fatal consequences that must ensue fiotnso
large a number of men bung confined for so long
a period in such quarters, they sent directions to
the master to have them taken on deck again At
midnight, as I have said, the captain opened the
hatches, and here is his own account, taken fiom
the log-book:
" Saturday, October 27.—Tiu< day commenced w ith light
winds fiom the noithwaid, and fine plea-pnt weaniei. A!
six, a. m.} commenced hea\ nig up th< anchot and made alt
sail and piooecded down towaifi.s Cavito. wheie we eame
to anelioi at ten, a. m., m four and a hall i Uhotns wau t lot
the poil anchor, and twenty-il\e i.-thoms chain. _ The visit
camo oli'and told me to btuy Captain WVlhoan'-- body -it
eleven, a. m., the coolies' couks came ofl and retused to
cook any longer, without they cojild get then wages paid
down every month. I promised I should do all J could
when I got on shore; but that would not satisfy them, and
all the coolies came alt lor the intention to kill me and Mr.
Weeks. L got the men all aft and got the arms on dock, and
they commenced to show fight. J killed about fouroi five,
and diove them all down below, in between decks, hi the
afternoon, at thtee, p. m., I was obliged to get water- on
deck. 1 went down and found they had bioke the lock on
the cistern hatch and had got hold of some of the provisions.
Theie was one of them which was very impudent and I
killed him. At foui, p. in., [ iouud they were bioakmg oft
the foi vvaid hatch, and two of them stood on the steps ; tued
with all their stiength. to come on deck, but I shoved thein
down again and shut the hatches on again. Watched the
ship inside and out. At eight, p. m., .set the watch, with
one otficer and six' men. I think I should have no trouble
with the coolies if I only had a good mteipretcr and doctor
foi them on boaul, lor thatislhe greatest Uoublu foi cat rytng
coolies, and by having had lots of Chinese on board is vety
fatal
{( Sunday, October 2d.—All this day light airs and fine
pleasant weathoi. At twelve, midnight, between the 27th
and 28th October, took oil'the hatches for to let the coolies
come on deck again. Got some lanterns and went down
m\ self for to get them up; but, to our gieat astonishment,
found that thoy had muideied one another. They had
broken the bars of the hatches and broke two oi three ot
the after bunks down, winch they had used for weapons.
It was an awlu! sight to look at, some were hanging by
the neck, some were shoved down into the tanks', some had
their throats cut, and the gieater pait of them were stran-
gled to death. 1 went to woik ami took all the bodies on
deck and piovided some watei foi the living ono>*, which
weie all the pooiest and sickliest on board the ship. At
thtee, p. in., the Government steamei came down and att-
clioied a cable's leumb lium us* and sent hei two huge
boats alongside lor to di-ehaige the dead bodies into. Got
tinough b) ten, p. in/'
Thus these men, confined between, decks for
twelve or fourteen hours, without air, without
light, without water, sweating and dying, wore
rendered insane by their suffering, until like mad-
dened animals they rose and entered upon the
work of self-destruction. From twelve o'clock at
night until ten o'clock the next day they were at
work discharging dead coolies from that prison-
house, on board the Ameiican ship Waverly, en-
gaged in the pursuit of a business which no law
had approached with its condemnation,and which
[ hesitate not to say presents scenes worse than
the accounts we have had of the slave trade; worse,
far worse, than the horrors of the middle passage.
The suffering, despair, agony and deatli portrayed
by that captain himself, in the log-book of the
ship, make' up a story as fearful as any which the
history of crime can furnish. And before I finish
I propose to show the House that the history ol
this cooly trade, from 1.^55 down to tho present
tune, is a continuous history of mutiny, insubor-
dination, suffering, and death. These documents
show that these cargoes ot coolies are bought up
at about eight dolkns apiece, on the coast of China,
and are sold m Havana at fiom two hundred and
eighty to four hundred dollars a head. Yes, sir;
and sold by Amei tains, sold on account of mer-
chants, sold by captains of American \essels,and
no law up to this time lias been made to reach
them.
The cooly trade, as it is now carried on between
the " five ports" in China and Cuba, is compar-
atively of very recent date. It is indeed less than
ten years old. The trade itself was suggested in
the first place by a very different kind of^omtgra-
tion. Some twenty-four years ago, in 183b, fceie
was an emigration carried into the British colonies
from the British possessions m East India. rThe
emigrants weie carried to British Guiana and 1 rin-
ldad and Mauritius. Between 1843 and ]8.T7 there
weie carried to Mauritius alone 413,303 males and
103,349 females, making in all olfijO.V^emigrants
 Indian coolies. But they weie legitimate emi-
oronts. They went, males and females, volunta-
rily, under conti act to serve for a term of yeai s, at
the close of which they returned to their homes,
and returned with the proceeds of their labor, with
! an amount which m their country was considered
quite a fortune. The effect of tins spccies of em-
igration to Mauntius was that the ptoduce ofsu-
dar was inci eased from about 28,000 pounds m
1838 to 118,000 in 1856
Some yais after this lawful emigi ation had been
carried on, the Chinese cooly trade began. The
I Chinese cooly trade, which the bill before the
! House prohibits, is not a tiade between the emi-
:i grant and the ship-master. The cooly is seldom
a party to any contract foi his eniigiation. ihu
real contract is between paitieg who seek to deuvc
' then gains fiom an unlawful tiade, in winch his
i ability, his skill, or his labor is used, for a con-
sultation not known to him, and not intended to
benefit him. From the moment of his capture, the
cooly is a slave He is the subject first of the
meanest deception, and then of a servitude in no
respect practically different from tha^ which the
African slave trade binds upon its victim.
That, sir, is the trade concerning which this
bill has been introduced. Before August, 1842,
there was but one port in China which was open
to foreign commcrcc—the port of Canton. At that
time, by treaty between China and Great Britain,
four other ports were opened. Amoy, Fou-Chou,
Nmg-Po, and Shanghae, were opened to foreign
commerce, and since that time these five ports
have been legal ports; but from Swatou, which is
not one of these ports, but which was until very
recently an illegal port, a very much larger amount
of cooly exportation has taken place than from
any of the others, and I do not know but larger
than from all the others combined. Dr. Parker
states that 6,388 coolies were shipped from Swatou
la a single year. Mr. Breck, in a letter recently
communicated to this House by the President,
dated Swatou, 6th of March, 1861, says:
"The natives of certain districts in China possess char-
acteii«tics which give them celebrity thioughout the Chi-
nese world. Those of Ticchin are noted for maritime dar-
ing, btaverv, size, and tuibulence Clannish feuds are
extienicly frequent, and the inhabitants ot the villages
within a few miles ol Swatou are at the present time en-
gaged in waifatc, and it is certain death for the natives of
one village to he taken in oi near another but thieeorfour
miles distant. In no district in China is the hostility to for-
eigner* gieatci than m tins, and that not without cause.
For man) > eaiv tin-. ha<= been the impoiunt opium port in
China, and the wicked impositions and practices perpe-
trated upon the people, ciowing out of this, at the time,
illegal tiulhe, can haullx be teah/.ed. In addition to that,
it i* estimated that from thi^di-.tuct, and shipped from this
pott, between forty and fifty thousand coolies have been
seduced, stolen and taken to Havana and the Chincha Isl-
ands, not one of whom hay evet leturned. The opium and
cooly tiade co^itrdmtcd to make Swatou a place of resort
foi foreign vessel? long befotc it was opened by treaty, and
the l exults and hotrod of their toimcr intercout^e with for-
eigner are yet fre-Ji m the minds of the people, and will
undoubtedly, for a long urnc to come, greatly depress and
einbauass trade at tin* poit."
Mi. Anthon, our consul at Batavia, in May,
I8G0, writes to Mr. Cass as follows:
'•'So long a<; this cooly trade is allowed to go on as at
picbcnt, thr,re will he continual risk of-grave disorders on
boaul; and it must be apparent to you, sit, that fiom the
continual complaints of tviannvand bitualitvon the one
.side, and of ni-aiboidination oti the othei, (the. former so
fienueiit near at home a-- to thaw upon it the attention ol a
foieijrn leL'tsl.mve bod\,) that the United State* will soon
liaviMo make tuuliei eitaeitn«'nl- lot tiie prot< ction ofthe
ofl'icot-1 asid eu'Ws oi its meicliant vessel'. I luues-hown
that theiwa- no ju^t cause tor this mutiny; but with the
m.it'Mial of which om ete\v< iuc now made up, and with
then 1)11 \ed nationality, the ca«o ot tho Stnahomul is likely
to occur at any moment. And until some other steps aie
taken to pievent the tcpetJtion ofMichl1n<<iant occurences
and the li-k^ ot eoolv ombieaks, I would respectfully t>ug-
"•est whether it would not be expedient foi a sieam war
vessel of the United States to be kept eiuibiug near the
stiaits of Suuda, as thnnigh these straits, at ccitam sea-
sous, pass all the Amencan vessels bound to and from
China and the Indian archipelago."
It may be known to the members of this House
how this cooly trade is cairicd on. It is not, as I
have said, a trade where the cooly is one oHhe
parties and (he master of the ship the other. The
master of a ship charters his vessel to a house in
China, or else he himself seeks his own cargo.
It matters not which. In the one case the person
to whom he charters his .ship—the ship-broker—
calls to his aid certain men, who themselves have
other men in their employ. He tells them that
lie xvants five hundred coolies for such a ship, or
that he wants one thousand, as was thefactin the
ease of the ship Flora Temple, which went to the
bottom of the ocean with eight hundred and fifty
coolies on board, not one of whom escaped, the
| master, officers, and crew of the ship having all
i taken to their boats and sought a place of safety
for themselves. The captain says to the broker:
" We want so mafiy coolies for this ship.'' The
broker calls to his assistance certain men, who aie
I called pig-stealers, or pimps. These aie China-
men, who go through the villages and towns, and
tip and down the coast, and into the interior, and
there beguile and deceive their countrymen, and
in one way or another procure the custody of
Chinamen. They hold out all kinds of induce-
ments. They engage Chinamen to go down to
: wheie the ship i^fatWmoy, orSwatou, or Macao,
j When they an :ve there they are placed in bnrra-
j cootis, and then they aie "eilectuaily enslaved.
! "Wh'-n enough of these coolies are procured the
ship is laden' with them. If any of them refuse
| to go on board, or undertake to go back, they are
| brought back to the barracoons, and there, by
i physical inflictions, by blows,art; compelled to say
