1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
addition to what I have already said in reference
to ray action yesterday, that I believe it is the uni-
versal custom ill legislative bodies—in fact I con-
sulted with some friends in reference to the pro-
priety of such a course—to offer an amendment
to the bill which you believed to be unconstitu-
tional, although the amendment itself might be
unconstitutional, provided the amendment will
make the bill less injurious to the public than it
would be without the amendment. That I un-
derstood to be the principle upon which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky acted the other day; and I
expressly stated that I adopted that principle in
reference to the bill before the Senate yesterday.
The Senator from Illinois cannot understand why
I should do that, acting under the oath to sup-
port the Constitution. I can see very readily how
1 might do it, although the Senator might not see
how he could do it. If a majority of this Senate
believed they had a right to pass that bill, I had
no doubt they would believe they had the right
to pass the amendment, and then, if it were adopt-
ed, it would be the judgment of the Senate that it
was a constitutional measure. At the time I of-
feied the amendment, I distinctly stated to the Sen-
ate that, under any form in which the bill could
be presented, with the adoption of that amend-
ment or any other that could be made to it, I
should vote against it. I conceived, according to
the principles of legislative bodies, and according
to the judgment of those with whom I consulted,
that I had a perfect right to render an obnoxious
measure less injurious by any amendment which
I could propose.
Mr. DAVIS. If the proposition of the Presi-
dent is as broad as the substitute, it seems to me
that those who are of that opinion cannot have
any valid objection to voting for the substitute, un-
less the substitute is broader in its operation than
the resolution of the President, or the resolution
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Now, sir, in relation to the objection made by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, he says that the
proposition of the President does not pretend to
diiect or to control the manner in which the as-
sistance that is there promised to the States that
may act on this system of emancipation shall be
expended by those States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order of the day.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed with this subject. I think we can soon get a
vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota is entitled to the floor on the special
order.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have no objection to
waiving the special order temporarily for the pur-
posing of allowing a vote to be taken on this res-
olution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be con-
sidered the sense of the Senate, if there be no
objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not occupy the attention
of the Senate more than a few minutes. As I was
proceeding to state, the objection of the honora-
ble Senator from Illinois to the substitute is that
the original resolution does not pretend to control
or direct the manner in which the assistance that
is offered by it to the States shall be expended by
the States. Neither does the substitute. It merely
defines and ascertains the amount of assistance
that is promised by that resolution to the States
and to the citizens of the States who own slaves
and who may emancipate them. That measure
of assistance is declared to be the value of the
slaves and the cost of their colonization. That is
the standard by which the amount ot assistance
that is promised to this work is to be ascertained,
and that is the only effect of those words in the
substitute. If assistance should be given to the
States or to the citizens of the States to the extent
of the value of the slaves that may thus be man-
umitted and the cost of their colonization, that
sum would be as independent of the control or
direction of the General Government in its expend-
iture as any assistance that might be obtained by
the original resolution. The material Jiffeienee
is this, that the one fails to ascertain to any extent
or by any standard or measurement the amount
of assistance that is promised. It may be the
smallest amount, or it may be an amount equiv-
alent to the staiulard that is offered in the substi-
tute. It is for the purpose of ascertaining the
standard and the measure of assistance that the
Congress of the United States, in the passage of
such a resolution, may propose to the States as
an inducement for them to enter upon this work
of emancipation, that I have proposed this substi-
tute in definite terms to ascertain that amount and
that standard.
1 will ask that the original resolution and the
substitute also be read; but 1 will make a remark
or two before they are read. Sir, I hold, and have
always held, and have always seen gentlemen of
the utmost fairness and honor in legislation, legis-
late on this principle: a measure is proposed in a
deliberate assemblage, of which they are mem-
bers ; that measure is wholly objectionable to them,
and they are opposed to it in its general principle,
and intend to vote against it; but, avowing dis-
tinctly and frankly the position which they oc-
cupy, and the course which they ultimately in-
tend to take in relation to the measure, I hold that
it is a perfectly consistent and legitimate mode of
legislation for them to offer amendments which,
in their judgment, will improve it, and render it
less objectionable, at the same time avowing dis-
tinctly and frankly their purpose to vote against
the measure even when thus amended. Such a
course of legislation as that does not violate my
system of political or legislative ethics at least;
and I suppose it does not violate the system of
political or legislative ethics of any gentleman
when he is placed in a position that will authorize
him to take such a course.
I intend to vote for my substitute to this reso-
lution, if I vote alone. Why, sir, to vote alone
has no sort of terror for me. I would prefer to
have company; and I would prefer to have enough
of company to sustain me in what I believe is a
proper principle and a proper measure; but if I
cannot get that amount of company, and my prin-
ciple or my measure is important and right m it-
self, I hesitate not one instant of time to vote for
it, though I vote alone. I once voted against a
very indifferent and a very vicious constitution of
the State of Kentucky, in a convention of one
hundred members, and I voted alone; and that
vote IS the proudest recollection of my life in all
of my political career. 1 would not give the honor
of that vote, the solace which it gives me, my con-
fidence in its rectitude and in its wisdom, for all
the little, meager political laurels that I have ever
won, if won any I ever have.
I intend to vote for the substitute that I have
offered; and if that fails, I intend to vote for the
resolution as it was reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary, because it is an emanation, not
of a measure, but of a sentiment and an abstract
principle of the President of the United States, in
whose integrity and political rectitude I have en-
tile confidence. With the Senator from Virginia
I would have greatly preferred that tins proposi-
tion had not been thrown before Congress. I
would have greatly preferred that this Congress
should have restricted itself exclusively—with in-
exorable exclusion—to every measure and ques-
tion that appertained to the successful prosecution
of the war alone, and that no other subject, or no
other question, except what was inseparably and
properly connected with the war, should have
been thrown into either House of Congress to
produce diverse discussions or differences of opin-
ion among the members of both bodies of all par-
ties who are honestly, truly, and faithfully for the
successful prosecution of the war to the final and
utter subjugation of the rebellion.
Mr. President, if that couisehad been pursued
this Congicss would have saved months of the
duration of this war to the country, and they
would have saved notonly millions, but hundreds
of millions, in my judgment, to the Treasury of
the United States. They would have restricted
the continuance of this war months and months,
when its expenditures amount probably to fifty
millions for every month. Gentlemen have not
chosen to pursue that policy m reference to the
war. The responsibility is not upon the minority
in this body; it is upon the majority. They think
that that responsibility is now nominal; but, sir,
when this enormous and stupendous tax bill is
imposed upon the country, and the people of the
United States have to walk up to the shouldering
of that burden, and to the payment of the vast
and various and most onerous taxation that will
be imposed by it, the day of responsibility will
then come, and it will come with a vengeance.
The people then will begin to inquire how came
this war to be protracted to such a length? How
came its expenditures to exceed beyond fancy or
imagination the costs of all the other wars in
which this country has been engaged ? Here, sirj
is a fact in relation to the cost of this war in blood
and treasure, and in relation to the heavy borden
of taxation that will be imposed on the people to
carry it on. It is stranger in reality ana in truth
than any previous fiction ever was in relation to
the expenditures of this Government.- It is the
madness and the folly and the ambition and the
disregard of former pledges by the party in power,
and a trampling upon the principles of the Con-
stitution, that will have led the country into this
great abyss of taxation, and nothing less than
that, to a great extent, will have produced this
enormous evil. There is no doubt about it at all.
But, sir, I did not rise here to discuss this subject
at any length, but merely to make a pointer two
of explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution and
the amendment will both be read.
The Secretary again read them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, before
voting on the resolution reported to the Senate
from the Committee on the Judiciary, I think it
my duty briefly to present the reasons which will
govern my action.
There is no Senator on this floor who more
highly approves the sentiment conveyed by the
resolution than myself. There is no Senator on
this floor who would be more rejoiced to see our
border slave States relieved from an institution
which to them is an incubus; and no one person-
ally, I think, according to my own means, would
go further to aid in such a purpose. I appreciate
the generous purposes on the part of the Execu-
tive thatinduced the communication of which this
resolution is the result. But I have learned in the
school wherein I studied the Constitution of my
country, that this Federal Government was one
of limited powers, contained and defined in the
grant of powers, and that nothing was granted to
this Federal Government but for the purposes of
administration and government—for public and
general purposes. Is there or is there not any
limitation upon the Fedeial Government in dis-
posing of the moneys assessed upon the people,
and brought into the Federal Treasury? May it
or may it not be expended for any and for every
purpose? If they can be expended for all pur-
poses or for any purpose in the will of Congress,
then there can be no objection to this measure, so
far as the question of power is concerned. But if
there be a limitation, I would ask what limita-
tion? And then, if I were to answer the question
I asked, I would foritsresolution look to the Con-
stitution. It is not at this time denied but that the
Federal power is power granted by the terms, ex-
press or implied, in the Constitution. The power
granted is the limit of power. The question then
is, is this a power granted? That is, the power
to take money from the Federal Treasury, not for
the purposes of government, not for any purpose
indicated in that instrument, but as a charity to
any one of the States of the Union who may come
and ask a particular charity at its hands. I do not
myself, with the instructions I have had, under-
stand that we have the constitutional right to make
ourselves almoners for the States of this Union
any more than we have for the States of Europe.
Could we appropriate $20,000,000 to maintain the
rights of the Government of Italy, as against
France allied, if you please, with the Government
at Rome ? We would neither have the right nor
the constitutional power, but we would have both
the light and the constitutional power to the same
extent as to be almoners of the bounty of the
Government by distributing millions to the States
of this Union.
However beneficent these acts of charity might
be, however much they might subserve the hur-
! mony and peace of the Union, it is our office only
: to go to the extent of our commission. The Con-
! stitution of the United States is the commission
| under which we act, and going beyond it is a vio-
ji lation of it, and much more so than foiling short
j! of meeting its full requirements. If we can mau-
Ij gurate such a policy as this, we can inaugurate
any other like policy for the mere purpose of char-
ii ity. The Senator from Kentucky says that these
I! institutions belong entirely to the States.
The
