1862,-
\
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Frank, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Haight, Hale, Hall,
Hooper, Huichms, Kelley, Lehman, Loornis, Lovejoy,
Low, McKmght, MePhcrson, Mavnard, Moorhead, Anson-
P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Noell, Nugen, Odeli, Olin,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Potter, Alexander H. Itiee,John
If. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sheiman, Shiel,
Sloan, Bpaulding, John C. Steele, Stevens, Stratton, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Trimble, Ver-
ree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wilson, Window, Wood, and Worcester—86.
NAYS—Messrs. William Alien, William J. Allen, A -
cona, Baily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Frederick A. Conkling, Cravens, Ilohnan, Julian,
Knapp, Law, Morris, Richardson, Wiiiiam G. Steele, and
Stiles—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Delano was
called home on account of sickness in his family;
and ihat Mr. Goocii was absent on account of the
sickness of a friend.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to permit me to make
a motion to strikeout the paragraph in relation to
the Annals of Congress.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object to
his yielding.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that motion; and
now I move the previous question.
Mr. BOSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw the demand
for the previous question, that I may say a word
in reference to this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. If it be for the purpose of
offering nn amendment to it.
. Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. It is for the pur-
pose which I intimated to the gentleman, and which
he indicated his willingness to accede to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 iintl that it is likely to bring
on debate.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLtNG. This amendment
relates to a matter which has been up here several
times.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. I object to discussion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot, unless the House
desires to hear the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw the previous question for
a particular purpose. 1 desire to do what there
has heretofore been no opportunity ofdoing—that
is, to state the other side of this book question.
Mr. STEVkNS. That would lead to debuto,
and I want to get through with the public busi-
ness.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Three or four
speeches have been made on the one side and none
on the other. •
Mr. STEVENS. I decline to withdraw the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table, and on that motion I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 rise to a question of
order. I desiie to know whether the motion of
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] to
&tnke out the item in regard to books, has not
been entered; and whether, if the previous ques-
tion be seconded, the vote will not be on that
amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair received the mo-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then it is before the
House.
The SPEAKER. His.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is no question of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. H shows there is no
necessity lor motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask to have the
bill again leatl.
Tile bill was again r^ad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to the
gentleman from Indiana to withdraw his motion
to lay OM the table.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. llOLMAN. I am compelled to say that,
in my jiulgineiu, there is not one feature of this
bill necrssary.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 59, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Babbitt, Biddle, Buffinton, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conkling, Ro^ooe Conkling, Cravens, Davis, Dawes, Dela-
plaine, Dunlap, Edwards, Fes«enden, Frank, Granger, Gri-
der, IJarding, Holman, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Knapp,
Lansing, Law, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnight, Mailory, Men-
zies, Mitchell, Morris, Nugen, Odell, Patton, Pendleton,
Porter, Potter, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Shanks, Sherman, Shiel, William 0. Steele, Stiles,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Wall, Wallace, Wheeler,
AlbertS. White, WickhfFe, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Worcester—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcirich, Alley, Arnold, Baxter, Beaman,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Calvert, Casey,Clements, Corning,
Crisfield, Cutler, Duel!, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fisher,
Goodwin, Gurley, Hooper, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Lehman,
Low, MePher&on, Maynaid, Moorhead, An>on P. Morrill,
Justin S. Morrill, NopIJ, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle, Sedgwick, Scgar,
Shellabarger, Sloan, Spauldtng, John B. Steele, Stevens,
Strauon, Francis Thomas, Train, Verrce, Walton, and
Washburne—49.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BINGHAM (not having been within the
bar when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. DAWES objected.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Clark was absent
on account of sickness.
Mr. COX (having been absent when his name
was called) asked leave to vote,
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
Mr. COX stated lie would have voted " ay."
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider an the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE tfltOM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of conference
on the bill (II. R. No. 471) to confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels for the payment of the expenses of
the present rebellion, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
550) to further provide for the collection of I he rev-
enue upon the northern, northeastern,and north-
western fronttet,and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate (No.98)
to amend an net ontitled " An act to prohibit the
sale of spirituous liquors and intoxicating drinks
in the District of Columbia in certain cases,"
approved August 5, 1861.
Also, thai the Senate had adopted a concurrent
resolution, providing that the 16th and 17th joint
rules of the two Houses bo suspended for the res-
idue of the session.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 98) to amend an act entitled " An
act to prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors and
intoxicating drinks jn the District of Columbia in
ccitain cases," approved August 5, 1861;
An act (£. No. 93) for changing the place for
holding the September term of the district court of
the United States for the district of Maine;
An act (S. No. 219) granting an invalid pension
to Hugh II. Howard, of Hockingport, State of
Ohio; and
Joint resolution (S. No, 94) to change the name
oftheschoouerSally McGee to thatofOcean Eagle.
ADDITIONAL DUTIES ON SUGA11S.
Mr. STEVENS, fiom the Committee of Ways
and Means, asked leave to reportabilltoimpo.se
additional duties on sugars produced in the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the ruh-s?
The SPEAKER. Not to-day.
NAXTONAL CURRENCY BILL.
Mr. HOOPER offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the bill of
the House (No. 568) to provide a national currency, secured
B
by a pledge of United States stocks, &c., be printed for the
use of the House.
WASHINGTON PENITENTIARY.
Mr. TRAIN, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported back House bill
No. 221, to transfer the penitentiary buildings of
the District of Columbia to the War Department,
to be used as an arsenal.
The bill authorizes theSecrefary of the Interior
to make provision by contract with the author-
ities of any State for the custody and safe-keep-
ing in State prisons of the prisoners now impris-
oned in the penitentiary ofthe District of Columbia,
and of such prisoners as may be hereafter con-
victed and sentenced to imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary, until the expiration oftheterm of impris-
onment of such prisoners, or until they shall be
otherwise legally discharged, provided contracts
for the safe-keeping and subsistence of prisoners
can be made at a cost for each prisoner not ex-
ceeding the cost to the United States of keeping
each prisoner during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1861, exclusive of the cost of transporting
prisoners to the places at which they shall be con-
fined.
The second section provides that if such con-
tracts shall be made, the prisoners now confined
in the penitentiary of the District of Columbia,
and those who shall be sentenced by the courts of
the District of Columbia to confinement in the peni-
tentiary, shall be transferred, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, to the State pris-
ons specified in such contracts, to be kept in con-
formity with the terms of such contracts.
The third section provides that as soon as the
lisoners now confined in the penitentiary of the
istrictof Columbia shall be transferred to any
other prisons in conformity with the foregoing
provisions, all ofiicers and others employed in the
penitentiary, except the warden, shall be dis-
charged from scrvice. The warden shall, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, sell,
for the best price that can be obtained for the same,
all the stock and materials for work, and all other
movable propci ty connected with the penitentiary
belonging to the United States; and us soon as the
property shall be disposed of, the salary of the
warden shall cease, and all the penitentiary build-
ings shall be placed under the charge of the War
Department, to be used as an arsenal.
The fourth section provides that the expense
which may be necessarily incurred in carrying
into execution the provisions of this act, shall be
paid from the proceeds of sale of the property
hereby authorized to be sold, and from the unex-
pended balance of appropriations for the support
of the penitentiary of the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask that some letters from the
War Department may be.read.
The letters were read, as follows:
' War Department,
Washington City, P. C., July II, 1862.
Sir : I transmit herewith, by direction of the Secretary
of War, a copy of a letter addiessed to this Department by
Brigadier General Ripley, chief of ordnance, and of the
inclo-urc therein reteired to, calling attention to the great
necessity of additional storage room at the arsenal in this
eity, and suggesting that the penitentiary of the District of
Columbia lie appiopriated lor that puipose.
The frugcje.^tions of General Ripley are respectfully lec-
onimended to the favorable consideration of your commit-
tee.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, C. P. WOECOTT,
Assistant Secretary of War.
Hon. Ciiarles R. Train, Chairman of Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, ffousc of Representatives.
Ordnance Office, War Department,
Washington, July 10, lsf>2.
i?m: f respectfully inclose herewith a copy of a letter from
Lieutenant Colonel Ramsay in relation to the insufficiency
of storage 100m at the Washington arsenal. This subject
has! boon licretofoie brought to the notice of the War Depart-
ment by my letters of the 6th Januarj and 5th iWmoh, 186.2,
and has been by it and the Department of the interior t-ub-
mittcd to Congress, and icleired to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Ground*, \Vith the suggestion and leeom-
mendation to appropriate the penitentiary to the purpose ot
storage and prefccrvuigmunitiont? of war. As action in this
mattei is of importance. I would ^usgest that the attention
of the committee be called to it by the WarDepaitment, or,
if it meet your sanction, by this office.
llespcctlully, your obedient servant,
JAMES W. IUPLEY,
Brigadier Geneud, Chief of Ordnance.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Washington Arsenal, July 10, 1852.
Sir: I cannot refrain fiom again calling your attention
to the great necessity of additional stotagc loom at this
arsenal. At the present urn? we are so crowded as to ren-
