3294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
der it absolutely unavoidable to expose to the weather a
laigeamountof valuableordnancestores, and indeed I have
been obliged, Within a few days past, and for the reasons
above stared, to request you to withhold for the present any
additional supplies.
One of our principal storehouses has been, in part, and
fioin necessity, converted into a magazine; notwithstand-
ing, I am obliged to use a portiou of the building for fitting
out light batteries, &e.; and in a corresponding building,
the upper floor of which is an extensive armorer's shop, 1
am obliged to use the lower floor for the storage of arms in
boxes, in packing and unpacking arms, and for the storage
of a large amount of cartridges lor small arms. Jn this
building I have a small vertical engine for driving the ma-
chinery in the armorer's shop.
These details, and I could add others, will not only assure
you of the constant danger by which we are surrounded,
but of our uncomfortable and nreuinscubcd condition,
having reference to the great variety and extent of oiu oper-
ations.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE D. RAMSAY,
Lieutenant Colonel Oidnance.
General J, W. Ripley, Chief of Ordnance.
Department of tub Interior,
Wasiunotos, March 27, j&52.
Sir: Referring to the convocations which J have had
with you at different tunes upon the subject of tianslcinng
the penitentiary buildings oi tins District to the u-e of the
arsenal, I have the-honor to inclose hoicvvith a copy of a
/eitfi ivJjieh I )iavej >t toooivt'd Horn tl)c fieewtm vol War,
requesting the murender of the buildings foi that piupo- c
X have as.ce«tained that I can make a eonuact with the
managers, of an excellent prison at Albany, N«*w Yoik, to
keep all the prisoners now in the penitentiary of the Dis-
trict, who have six months or moie to serve, at a cost of
$1 2o per week. This will include the co-.t of subsist-
ence, clothing, medical attendance, and all contingent ex-
penses ; the prison to have the benefit of then labor. The
prison will accommodate about live hundred prisoner, <md
Is represented by Judge llAituirf, of the Senate, to be an ex-
co[|fiit institution, and well managed.
The manageisof'the Maryland State pri^m, at IJaltunoie,
liave informed me that tlj<-> would be glad to take one hun-
dred of the pti<oners. They have not pioposed tbeji fenns,
but I presume they will he higher than tiio.se oft'eied at
Albany.
The number of prisoners heie has been ineieased bv vol-
unteer soldiers, who liave been sentenced bv courts-martial;
and the whole number is now about two bundled.
• That you may he able to examine the* subject in reiov.cncc
to the question of expend, 1 inclose a statement of th'e ap-
probations made by Congiess fortlie last live yoais for the
support of tin; penitential \, and also ot the numbei of con-
victs. From tins statement you will see that the nveiugo
appropriations for five year-, have been $v23,969 8l5 per year j
and the averageeostof suppotung prisoners has been .§3 til)
per week.
The appropriation already made by Congress for the fiscal
year ending July tfJ, lftRJJ, is 7o. if we assume that
the avurage mimboi of piisom isiortlie nextliseal yeai will
be two huudicd, and ot that utimbci ouo hundred and fifty
shall be sent to the put-on at Albany, the cost of keepui"
Ihem there, ot #1 3T> pet week, will be .^9,7.)0. The co^t
of tianspouing Uiem them will probably be $10 for eacli
prisoner, maUing $1,;>0(), which, :ulded to the cost of keep-
ing them there, will niaUu an aggiegate of $11,250.
'{'he other fifty, if m-iu to Unltuuore, may cos>t $2 50 per
week. The eon of iran^mrimg thorn there will be about
.fl 50 each, which will make $rt,.>7.j. Add to this turn
$l,0UU tor contingencies, and we have a total of,$1^,5)3.) as
the entire co<t of keeping tin' pi isoners lor the v<*ai. Tin-
sum dedneted liom the anpromiation will leave a balanee
of $11,201 ?o.
(think there can be no doubt that there will be a savin"
of expense to the Government*! the tiansfei -hall be made
in addition to the advantages, to be detived Horn theuscof
the buildings lor the purpose of an aj^-naJ.
Very lespectfully, your obedient servant,
OALEU B. RMITII, Senetary.
Hon. UhaiU/F.8 11. Train, Chainnanof Committee on Pub-
lic and Grounds.
Mr. TRAIN. I wish to repeat what I said
when this bill whs before the House on a previous
occasion. It is of the utmost necessity tlmt the
War Department shall have these buildings for
the purpose named in the letters just read.3 The
bill was recommitted upon the question of whether
it would be safe to remove the prisoners from the
District; whether such an,act as that would not
relieve them from imprisonhicntso that they might
obtain a discharge. In reference to that point, the
committee have the opinion of Hon. lleverdy
Johnson that it would not have that effect. I regret
that I have not his letter heie; it was an opinion
sought by the Secretary of the Interior, and given
by Mr. Johnson, in writing, after a careful exam-
ination of the subject.
In reference to expense, it will be seen by the
letter of the Secretary of the Interior that there
will be an actual saving- to the Government of little
less than twelve thousand dollars.
Mi. DCJNN. I desire, if possible, to call the
attention of the House to this very important res-
olution.
Mr. A. CONKLING. I rise to a point of
order. The joint resolution makes an appropria-
tion, and 1 submit that it must have its fust ccn-
siderat ion in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Dnion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see any
appropriation in the resolution.
Mr. F. A. C
CONKLING. It provides for the
payment of money.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided more
than a dozen times, that a bill which does not ap-
propriate money from the Treasury directly, but
only directs money to be paid out of an appro-
priation already made, is not an appropriation
bill within the purview of the rule.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. With great deference
to the opinion ofthe Chair, I desire to say that that
is not my understanding1 of previous decisions.
Mr. DUNN. I claim the flooi; the gentleman
from New York is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York thinks that the Chair does not understand
liia point of order, and he has a right to btate it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I have understood
the decision of the Chair to be, that where money
is directed to be paid out of an appropriation
already made, it cannot be considered as falling
within the scope of the rule; but my understand-
ing of the provisions of this bill or resolution is,
not that the money is to be paid from an appro-
pi idtum already made, but from the proceeds of
the sale of this property, which would necessarily
go into the Treasury of the United States. It is
therefore in my view in the nature of a new ap-
propriation.
Tiie SPEAKER. It has been held over and
over again in similar cases, that such a provision
is not n new appropriation. The Chair therefore
overrules the point of order.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman is great on points
of order, and is always making them.
Tiie SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is not in order; he must discuss the question be-
fore the House.
Mr. DUNN. I propose to do so; but I pre-
sume I have a right to comment on the gentle-
man's point of order.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call the gentleman
to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. The gentleman says
that be has a right to comment on points of order.
I submit ho has no such right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. DUNN. Well, sir, I will make my com-
ments privately in my own mind. 1 am tired of
these everlasting points of order. I was endeavor-
ing, when interrupted, to call the attention of the
House to this veryiniportant measuie; and 1 think
the House will realise its importance if they will
give their attention to the subject. The head of
the ordnance department has repeatedly applied to
Congress for the privilege of using the peniten-
tiary in this District as a place for storing ord-
nance supplies, and for the general use of his de-
partment. Any gentleman who has visited the
arsenal during the past winter must have been im-
pressed with the great hazard to which our ord-
nance stores are subjected; they are all there in the
open air, much of them highly combustible. An
accident to a single building in that arsenal might
destroy all the Government supplies of that kind
we have at this depot. It is very important that
these supplies should be properly secured; while
there is no way even of protecting them from the
weather. Now, it is suggested that the peniten-
tiary should be vacated, and that the prisoners
should be distributed among the people of the vi-
cinity, where they can be supported at less ex-
pense to the Government than they now are. The
use of this building would be of immense value at
this time to the ordnance department. I hope the
House will pass the bill.
Mr. TRAIN. I move the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. 1 appeal to my colleague not to
do that.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to lay the
bill, or joint resolution, whichever it is, on the
(able.
Mr. DAWES. I trust my colleague will not
undertake to force such a measure as this through
the House without further consideration. °
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object to all de-
bate.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion; which was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote last taken; and also moved to lay
the motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. CORNING, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for withdrawal from tile
files of the House of the papers relating to the case of T.
Apoiion Cheney.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (S. No."270) con-
cerning the courts of the United States in and for
the district of Michigan; when the Speaker signed
the same.
CAIiMACK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am instructed to make a report from the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses to the joint resolution (S. No. 84) in re-
lation to the claim of Carmack & Ramsey, having met,
after a lulf and fiee conference have agreed to recommend,
and do locnmmend, to their respective Houses as follows:
that the House recede from their amendment to Senate res-
olution; that the House agree to the said resolution with
the following amendment, to wit, in lines seven and eight,
st>ike out "one hundred and eighty" and insert "ninety-
eight," and add to the resolution the following words: " nor
shall any amount bo allowed said Carnmek & Ramsey for
damages or expenses ineuired after the 9th day of July. A.
D. 1853."
JOHN B. ALLEY,
EDWIN H. WEBSTER,
Managers on the part of the House.
J. OOLLAMER,
B. F. WADE,
J. A. WRIGHT,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr, ALLEY. If the House will give me its
attention I will state very briefly the facts in this
case. By an act of March 3,1851, the Postmaster
General was authorized to make arrangements for
transporting through any foreign country mails
ofthe United States running from and to any point
in the United States. The act authorized the Post-
master General to select the speediest, safest, and
most economical route, subject to revocation when
a better route should be tound, with a fair indem-
nity to the contractors. Under that act the Post-
master General advertised for proposals for car-
vying the mails between the Atlantic and Pacific
States. Messrs. Carmack & Ramsey were the low-
est bidders and the contract was awarded to them.
The contract was, however, a conditional one—I
say conditional, because it contained this clause:
" And it in hereby fuitlier expressiv understood that this
contract is to have no ibice or validity until it shall have
leceivod the sanction of tiie Congress ofthe United States
by til.' passage of an appreciation to cairy it into effect."
This contract was entered into on the 15th Feb-
ruary, 1852. It was signed by these parties on
the 25t.li February, and on the 3d March follow-
ing it was signed by the Postmaster General; and
on the 7th March following he directed that when-
ever the parties were in a condition to carry the
mails according to that conditional contract, they
should be delivered to them. Carmack & Ramsey
went on and expended a large amount of money
under that conditional contiact, as the committee
believe, in perfect good faith, and as the record
shows, believing that Congress would sanction
and approve the contract entered into by the Post-
master General. Mr. Hubbard, was the Post-
master General who made this arrangement, and
on the 9th July following, Mr. Campbell, the then
Postmaster General who had succeeded Mr. Hub-
bard, notified these parties that he disapproved
ofthe contract which had been entered into with
them by his predecessor. This was on the 9th
July, 1853, five nionths after the contract was
signed. Now, this controveisy went on for sev-
eial years, they resisting and opposing the action
of the Postmaster General, until in 1856 Congress
passed a law containing the following section
which I will read. It was adopted as an addi-
tional section to the Post Office appropriation bill
of that year:
"SEC.b. Jlnd belt further enacted, That tile First Comp-
troller ol the Treasury be, and he is hereby, required to ad-
just tiie damages due to Edvvaid II. Caimack and Albert C
Kiimseyon account of the abiogation. bv tiie Postmaster
General, of their contiact to cairy the nniit on Vera Cruz
Acapuieo, and San Francisco route, dated the 15th of Feb-
ruary, 1853 i to adjudge and award'to them, accordine to
tiie principles of law, equity,and justice the amount so
