THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WASHING-TON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1862.
New Series No.'23.
mous consent of the House to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire whether any, and if so what, legisla-
tion may be necessary and proper, in view of present or
impending events, to prevent the exportation, melting, or
hoarding of the domestic and foreign coin of or ciioulatmg
in the United States, including also exportation or hoard-
ing of bullion ; alt-o, to inquire into the expediency of re-
viving the acrs authorizing the currency of foreign gold
coins, and making them a legal tendoi, and whether any
change in the laws regulating the value of domestic or for-
eign coins is necessary or p.oper; and to report by bill or
otherwise.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
received.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. Mr.Speaker,allow
me to say to the House that I do not contemplate
a return to the absurd and exploded direct policy
of pains and penalties, but, on the contrary, wise,
indirect commercial legislation.
The resolution was adopted.
GOLD AND SILVER COIN IN THE COUNTRY.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. -I ask leave to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he directed
to report to the House at an early day the amount, actual
or estimated, of gold and silver coin and bullion in the loyal
States on the 1st day of January, 1862, or at the date of the
latent reports or inioimation accessible to him; also, the
proportion thereof at that date held by the several banks of
said States.
Objection was made.
PRINTED MATTER OUTSIDE THE MAILS.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to reg-
ulate the carnage of printed matter outside of the
mails; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
The bill was then read in extenso.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, this bill amounts
to an increase of the Post Office revenue by im-
posing a postage upon the tons of printed matter
now carried outside of the mails by express com-
panies, baggage masters upon railroads, &c. This
one sentence will explain its whole object. But
the House may desire to have time for examina-
tion and for debate of this proposition; and I
therefore move that the bill be printed, and that
its further consideration be postponed until next
Tuesday.
The motion was agreed to.
SALE OF POSTAGE STAMPS.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill re-
specting the sale of postage stamps and envelopes;
which was read a first and second time by its
title.
The bill, which was then read hi extenso, pro-
vides that after the 1st of July, 1862, the Post-
master General shall be authorized to require pay-
ment from postmasters at the time of delivery for
stamps and stamped envelopes; and he may re-
quire such postmasters as he may selectas stamp
agents to adopt such regulations as he may deem
necessary to carry this into effect.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask that that bill be now put
upon its passage. 1 will explain it. The error
which it is intended to correct is this: postage
stamps and stamped envelopes arc money, and
they are sold by postmasters all over the country,
and used for the transmission of letters through
the mails. They are sent out upon a free system,
and any postmaster can be supplied with one
hundred or ten thousand stamps, and will have
them sent to him without paying a cent for them
at the time. The postmaster is not asked to ac-
count for them until the stamps are sold and used.
The Postmaster General has made the following
recommendation:
" It is believed that a change of the piesent system of issu-
ing postage stamps and envelopes? would prove to be highly
advantageous, instead of being delivered, as at pioent,
on ordeis f'tom postmaster, and charged to their account,
the latter might be requu cd to purchase a sufficient quantity
to meet the wants of their lc^pective offices. This would
simplify the accounts of the Department, expedite the col-
lection of Its revenues, obviate losses from bad debts, and
supersede the necessity of litigation for thejr recovery. It
23
is, therefore, respectfully recommended to tlie considera-
tion of Congress."
In approval of that recommendation of the Post-
master General, the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads reported the pending bill, which
is now before the liouse.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not know but that
the proposition of the committee will lead to some
difficulty, if I understand itcorrectly. Is the post-
master to make an advancc upon the stamps fur-
nished him ?
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir. These postage stamps
and stamped envelopes are really money.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Suppose the postmaster
has not got the money?
Mr. COLFAX. Then he ought not to be post-
master.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There are many respect-
able and honest men who have not twenty dollars
in specie.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state what the effect of
the law will be.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will first permit me to say a word. In addition to
the difficulty suggested by my colleague, I should
like to inquire of the gentleman from Indiana
whether there ought not to be some limitation
based upon the amount that an officer receives?
In the sparsely settled portions of the country
where there are small post offices, it occurs that
they have great difficulty in getting the money
even to buy the post office stamps when they need
them. There are hundreds of such offices in the
State of I ndiana, from which the gentleman comes,
as well as in my own State of Illinois. I know
that there are many, too, in the State of Minnesota.
The postmasters at those offices mav not have
money enough to buy the stamps needed by their
little neighborhood. It seems to me that the effect
of the bill will be to cut off all poor men from get-
ting to be postmasters, and leave that patronage
in the hands of the rich. It may occur under it
that a man cannot be found in some of the dis-
tricts to take the postmastership.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will state the effect of the
present system. There is no limit by law of the
number of stamps that the postmaster can send
for; but the Department may exercise its discre-
tion, if it finds that the postmaster is sending for
more than he needs, to forwaid him smaller quan-
tities. These postage stamps and stamped envel-
opes arc distributed upon the credit system. The
postmaster sells them to his neighbors, and re-
ceives pay for them. He holds the money him-
self until theendofthequarter. When the quarter
expires he makes a return as to how many stamps
are sold; and unless you send a special agent out,
there is no living man who can tell whether the
return is correct or not. He reports that he has
so many which he has not sold, and they are de-
ducted, and he is charged only with those he has
returned as having been sold.
Another defect of the system is this: when the
postmaster goes out of office—and the instances
are numerous—the family of the postmaster, in-
stead of surrendering the stamps on hand, sells
them and keeps the proceeds, and compels the
Department to enter suit for their recovery.
These are the evils which ought to be remedied.
If you cannot get a man able to pay for ten or one
hundred dollars5 worth of stamps, then he is not
fit for the office of postmaster. It is an anomaly
that a Department, which is not self-sustaining at
best, should send out all over the country what
actually is money, and when they know that by
doing so they hold out temptations to defalca-
tions. Establish convenient points where those
stamps can be obtained, and you will prevent these
defalcations. The Committee on the Post Office
and the Postmaster General think this arrange-
ment will lemove the difficulty.
Mr.MAYNARD. I would like to vote for the
bill if I can, but there is one practical difficulty
which I would like to have explained away before I
am called upon to vote. In what way are remote
postmasters in the rural districts to remit the pay
for such stamps as they want? For example, in
certain portions of my own district, postmasters
may want ten or fifteen dollars* worth of stampis,
and how will they transmit the pay for them?
We know that under the present system the re-
ceipts of the local post offices are paid in drafts to
the contractors. Would it not be better to provide
that postmasters receiving stampssh&U be charged
with them and held responsible for them, for a
certain length of time, say one or two months,
unless they return them? It strikes me that the
practical difficulty l"have suggested will be almost
insurmountable.
Mr. COLFAX. The bill itself obviates the dif-
ficulty to which the gentleman has alluded. It au-
thorizes the Postma-sterGeneral to establish stamp
agents in such places as he thinks proper, and it
is his intention to establish them in various parts
of the country, so that the postmasters will not
be required to send to the officc here, or to any
other distant office. Every facility possible will
be afforded to the small offices. The Department
says it is utterly impossible to prevent great losses
by the system which now exists, and that the
provisions of this bill will relieve the difficulty.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Suppose a postmaster
has a large amount of stamps on hand when he
goes out of office; what will he do with them?
Mr. COLFAX. Sell them to his successor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Suppose his successor
will not purchase them?
Mr. COLFAX. The stamp agent, in such a
case, will be authorized by the Postmaster Gen-
eral to receive them back from those postmasters
who have them left on their hands.
Mr. WASHBURNE. How many new offices
will this bill create?
Mr. COL'FAX. It does not provide for crea-
ting any new paying offices. It simply provides
that the Postmaster General may make certain
postmasters distributing postmasters for stamps,
without additional compensation.
Mr. COX. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana whether he cannot propose some
amendment to his bill which will reach the- ob-
jections which have been urged by gentlemen?
Why not limit it to cases where the stamps
amount to one hundred dollars, or more.
Mr, COLFAX. I have stated that these de-
falcations occur in small sums, and in very small
offices. An instance recently occurred of a de-
falcation of $4 65 for stamps, which the party re-
fused to pay for, and the Department were com-
pelled to institute a suit in the United States court
against the postmaster and his sureties for that
small amount.
Mr. COX. I think, perhaps, this bill is of a
little more importance than appears upon its face,
and it ought to be considered with more delibera-
tion. I move to postpone its consideration until
next Tuesday, when the gentleman's other bill
comes up; and that, in the mean time, it be printed.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to the
delay; but I wish to state again that this whole
matter is in a nut-shell. The question is simply
whether we will keep thirty or forty thousand ac-
counts for all kinds of stamps which are precisely
the same as money, and are used as such for small
change, and give credit for them, or whether we
will require them to be paid for when we send them
out, and thereby prevent the defalcations which
are constantly occurring in these small offices.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
fortification appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The moiion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Ashley in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the hill (H. R. No. 156) making ap-
propriations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications ahd other works of
defense, for the year ending the 3Gtli of June, and
I additional appropriations for the year ending the
| 30th of June, 1862.
