1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2835
on the insurance companies would be actually
ruinous. Now the proposition is to amend the
tax proposed by the House by the imposition of a
tax of three per cent, on the gross receipts. That
certainly is better than the House proposition, and
I shall vote for it as an amendment to the House
proposition, if nothing better can be had. i un-
derstand, however, that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes, instead of a tax of three per
cent, on the gross receipts, to lay a tax of one per
cent.
Mr. SUMNER. That is my motion.
Mr. DIXON. That I understand to be the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts; and I
think I can show the Senate that that ought to be
adopted. In fact, that is an enormous tax. A
tax of one percent, on the gross receipts is higher,
by at least one half, than it ought to be made. It
ought to be one half of one per cent, on the gross
receipts.; and that I can show to the Senate will
be a high tax.
Let us look at this subject a moment. What
are these gross receipts that are proposed to be
taxed? An insurance company receives a large
amount of money as premiums for insuring prop-
erty. What is that? To whom does it belong?
What is the fund? Why, sir, it is virtually a
mutual fund paid in by the insured for the pur-
pose of redeeming their losses. It belongs to the
insured. It is the fund from which their losses
ate to be paid. Thecapitals of the insurance com-
panies in this country would be comparatively
trivial if they alone were to be resorted to for the
payment of losses. The capitals of the companies
will not pay the losses. The losses are to be paid
by the money paid in by the insured, and the
capitals of the companies are only a guarantee
fund to fall back upon in cases of great emergency.
It is money that does not belong to the companies
who receive it. They receive the money in trust
for the insured. They pay out nine tenths of it.
They would be glad to compromise for one tenth
of it as profits. They would be glad to stipulate
to pay out nine tenths of that money in losses.
It can be shown, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts has already stated, that many years they pay
out not only the whole of this amount, but actually
encroach on their capital. That has been the ex-
perience of the companies for the last few years.
Most of the companies in the State of Connecti-
cut, during the last year, and I think for the last
two years, have paid out in lossesfully thcamount
of their premiums received, and some of them
have encroached on their capital.
The proposition is to tax the amount of money
which these companies receive in trust for the in-
sured. It is not their property; it does not belong-
to them. . This tax, therefore, is virtually a tax
upon losses. It is a tax upon the money paid out
to the insured in the country. I cannot compare
it to anything better than a pioposiiion to tax
deposits in banks. Suppose a proposition were
made to tax a bank on all its gross receipts; on
all its deposits. The Bank of Commeice, m New
York, for instance, has deposits varying from five
to ten millions of dollars. It is the money of the
depositors; they own it; it is subject to their call,
and the bank is liable to be called upon for it at
any day and hour. The money received by in-
surance companies is held very much m the same
way. They hold it in trust for the insured. It is
the fund from which they are to pay their losses.
I ask the Senate if it is just and i ight that the in-
surance companies of the United States should be
compelled to pay taxes on this amount of money ?
Why tax this amount of money more- than any
other? It is not their fund. If the proposition
was to tax them on their profits, then I agree a
tax might be laid. In that case a tax should be
made so that if theirprofits are light the tax should
be light, and if their profits are heavy the tax
should be heavy; but here is a proposition to tax
them on money which does not belong to them.
The Senator from Ohio says this tax will be
paid by.the insured. He says when a man goes
to get an insurance, if he finds that a tax of three
pereent. has been laid on it by the United States
Government, he will pay it without any inquiry,
and the company will not be the losei. The Sen-
ator supposes this to be the ease from the geneial
principle that a tax or any expense whatever that
is laid upon an article which is to be purchased is
paid by the purchnsei, the consumer. That may
be so in the case of property purchased; and per-
haps in most cases of property purchased it would
be so. Anybody can see that the article of insur-
ance—if I may so call it—is a very different thing
from property. The man who goes to get his
house insured does not feel that he is buying an
article which actually is value received for his
money, an article which he can turn into money,
an article which he can dispose of, something that
he is buying for the purpose of trade.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I call for the
reading of the second rule of t lie Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"2. No member shall speak to another or otherwise inter-
mptthe business of the Senate or read any newspaper, while
journals or public papers are leading, or when any member
is speaking in any debate."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
have this rule enforced if Senators desire it.
Mr. DIXON. I suppose that rule does not
apply to me.
Mr. GRIMES. I was trying to listen to the
Senator, and could not hear him owing to the con-
fusion.
Mr. DIXON. I understand the Senator from
Iowa, and am much obliged to him. I shall en-
deavor to be very brief. As I should have occa-
sion to say something on this subject, I thought
1 might as well say it now as at any time.
Now, sir, the insurance companies in the State
I represent—and I presume it is so in the State of
Massachusetts and in the United States gener-
ally—have no desire to escape from a proper tax.
They are willing and desirous to pay all that they
ought to pay; but, sir, this is not a tax. This
bill, as applied to insurance companies, is not a
tax bill: it is a confiscation bill. What docs the
Senator from Ohio suppose would be the amount
paid by the insurance companies in the city of
Hartford by a tax ofthice percent, on their gross
receipts ? The companies of that city alone would
pay $190,000 annually to the Government. Is
that a reasonable amount to exact from those com-
panies ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
just there to ask a question? Docs he not sup-
pose that the capitalists of Connecticut are shrewd
enough to distribute that three per cent, around
among the insured ? I will illustrate. There is
an agent of the Etna company in the town where
I live, and I have been insured in that company
myself. Does not the Senator suppose that the
agent of that company will add this three per cent,
to the amount I have to pay when I get insured in
that company ? The insurance companies are the
mere agents of the Government to collect the tax.
We collect from them because it is more conve-
nient. They are good collectors; and they will
collect it fi om the msuied.
Mr. DIXON. I have no doubt these companies
would be very glad if they could, to receive this
money from the insured, to add it to the price of
insurance, which is the idea, as I understand, of
the Senator from Ohio. They say they cannot do
it; and I believe they cannot do it. The business
of insurance is very peculiar. In the first place,
theie is a great deal of rivalry in the business ot
insurance, owing to the large number of compet-
ing companies. The truth is, the business is over-
done; there is too much insurance of the capital
in the country. The mistaken idea as to the vast
profits of the insurance business has induced great
numbers to go into it; and I believe there are at
this day a great many companies in the United
States—I do not speak of any particular State or
any particular locality—which have not so firm a
foundation as they ought to have. The rivalry is
very great between the agents, for the business
is wholly done by agents; and they are all vieing
with each other to obtain the business, anxious
to get theii commission; looking mainly to that,
more than, in many instances, to the safety of
I, the insured or the company for which they are
i| operating. This rivalry has caused a very great
! depiession in the price. It is now reduced down
\\ to the very lowest possible living point, and the
!, constant tendency is to reduction. It is utterly
!: impossible to raise it, you cannot do it; because
i the smaller companies, the companies anxious to
'i get business, will say, " we will take it for three
'i per cent, less; we will notexact this tax from you;
!' we will do the business." If one company pro-
i| poses to do that, then the effect and consequence is !
that every company in the United States is bbliged
to do the same thing. For example: if ten com-
panies are willing to insure for a rate lower than
the rest would be glad to demand and their safety
might require them to demand, itis impossible for
them to raise the price above what those ten are
willing to take. I presume every one who has ex-
amined this subject, as probably most Senators
have, are perfectly aware of this state of things:
that there is this constant tendency to the depres-
sion of the price of insurance, the effect of which
ultimately must be injurious to the public; be-
cause, unless the companies are able to receive a
sufficient sum to render them safe, the people must
finally bear the loss.
1 do not wish at the present time to dwell upon
this subject, or to take up the time of the Senate
upon it. There will be another opportunity to
go into it fully I propose now barely to throw
out these ideas for the purpose rather of bringing
the subject before the Senate. At another time,
if necessary, 1 shall desire to speak more fully
upon it. I shall then have statistics and authori-
ties which I shall be able to show to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to add one word
to what has fallen from the Senator from Connec-
ticut. The business of insurance as it seems to
me is peculiar. It differs from most other busi-
nesses. Itisnotstrictly,if I may so say,amoriey
making business, but it is a money saving busi-
ness. I know that persons get up insurance com-
panies in order to advance their own interests;
but the primary object of the insurance office is to
protect other people, and particularly the poor; it
is to help the poor. 1 say, therefore, it is not pri-
marily, as compared with many other businesses,
a money making business. On that account, it
seems to me, it has title to a certain consideration.
Now what is proposed ? A tax on the premiums.
What are the premiums? The premiums are
themselves a tax. The premiums constitute the
tax which the person insured pays for his insur-
ance; and now it is proposed to |)ut a tax on a tux.
That is the piecise case. I state it in this way in
order to simplify it; in order to reduce it, if I may
so say, to its most naked form. It seems to me
that such a tax, a tax on a tax, ought to be lim-
ited to the smallest possible amount.
If you will look: at this tax in another pointof
view, in the light of an illustration which I shall
be able to give, I think we may well hesitate.
For instance, I understand that according to the
proposed tax, the eleven marine insurance com-
panies of New York will be obliged to pay an
amount equal to $450,000. Of that amount, at
least two thirds is on foreign account. If there is
this tax put upon that amount, these foreigners
will be insured on the other side of the water; and
theiefore, to that extent, we shall lose that busi-
ness. My idea is, that we had better have our
tax one that will keep all this business here, and,
while keeping it here, give us the advantage of it
for taxation.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts states that insurance is not a money
making business. I was very much surprised to
hear that, for I never heard it before. In the Sen-
ator from Connecticut's own town of Hartfoid,
you will find more than one company that staited
with ten per cent, only upon the original stock
paid in, and they have from that ten per cent,
made their entire stock good; and I am informed
some of them have now a capital of as much as
£,1,000,000. If there is any business on the face
of God's earth that can stand a tax of three p<T
ccnt., of five per cent., or any other per cent.,
it is the insurance business. Why, sir, a com-
pany with a capital of §300,000, perhaps insuies
$100,000,000. They send their agents all over
the United States, into every town and village,
and they take without stint; they would take
$1,000,000,000 ifthey could get it. Manyofthese
companies more than double then entiie capital
m a year. If it is an unfortunate y^ar, they may
lose the whole. It is true, it is very hazardous;
it is a sort of lottery business. They may goon
and divide one hundred per cent, for five years,
and then one single year of misfortune may dis-
sipate the whole. But of all business, insurance
business is that which can stand and ought to
stand the largest tax.
The Senator from Massachusetts says if you
impose this tax you will drive this business abroad.
Can the Senator tell me how much the English
