1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26.
son. Senators well remember the terrible scenes
through which we passed when such vile traitors
as Toombs, Davis, Wigfall, and Breckinridge
were lionized by the slaveholders of this city;and
when, upon this floor, these men defiantly pro-
claimed their treason, there was no power to check
them, for the whole authorities of the city were
on their side. The city police was in sympathy
with the traitors, and there was no security until
the freemen of the North rushed to the defense of
the capital. Why was this? Had this Govern-
ment been unkind to the people of this District?
No; the Government had built them up. It had
given them all the prosperity they had. Why,
then, were they opposed to its existence? There
is but one answer to this question: this rebellion
is the slaveholder's rebellion, and this District
was under the influence of slaveholders. That is
the reason why so many of the people here were
on the side of treason.
We all remember the fearful night when mem-
bers of Congress and other citizens of the free
States then in this city met in the large hall of one
of the hotels here, and, organizing themselves into
a company under the lead of the noble and brave
Cassius M. Clay, and sending to the War De-
partment for arms, they resolved that they would
peril their lives in the defense of this capital. This
little company was nearly all the defense against
treason that this city at that time had. But, sir,
they were not long held in suspense. The tele-
graph conveyed to them the cheering intelligence
that the freemen of the North were rushing to
their support.
Mr. President, the Senator from Virginia who
spoke in opposition to this bill theother day,[Mr.
Willey,] said that he spoke as a border slave
State man, the advocate of the sentiments of the
State which he represents; " as a representative
of the public sentiment of the loyal people of Vir-
ginia, and in their name" the honorable Senator
begged " Senators to pause long enough to con-
sider the position which they occupy." That is
just what I propose to do. I ask that honorable
Senator to tell me if he can how many of the loyal
people of Virginia rushed to the defense of this
capital in that perilous hour when it was in dan-
ger of falling into the hands of the rebels. Iiow
many of the loyal people of Maryland rose up to
uphold the Government in their very midst? Not
one—no, sir; not one.
Mr. WILLEY. Will the Senator allow me,
sincc he makes the appeal to me and asks me the
question, to say that there was a very good reason
why we should not come? We were the very first
part of loyal territory invaded by the adversary;
we had to stay at home to defend our wives and
children, whom we held dearer even than the capi-
tal; but 1 can tell the honorable Senator that the
two hundred and seventy thousand Western Vir-
ginians, including the disloyal among them, have
a greater percentage of men in the field this day
than any other portion of territory or people of
the United States. We have more than nine thou-
sand men in the field out of a population of tsvo
hundred and seventy thousand, one third of whom
were secessionists. Can Minnesota beat that?
- Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, that is
very good; but I think that if the loyal men of the
northern States had not gone into Western Vir-
ginia, the Senator himself would not have dared
to return there.
Mr. WILLEY. That is a fact, and I desire to
express my obligations from the deepest recesses
of my heart to the noble loyal neighbors we have
had, who have come to our rescue; but our own
blood has been mingled with theirs.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think I can safely say
that there was not a single arm from a slave State
raised in defense of this capital until after the free-
men of the North came rushing down through
peril and great danger, some of them to meet death
on their way, to guard and protect it. Maryland,
now claiming to be loyal; now interposing her ob-
jection to the passage of this bill; now asserting
her right to prevent the abolition of slavery in this
District, and the progress of free sentiments here,
then lay as a wall of fire between the seat of Gov-
ernment and those who were determined to up-
hold it, determined to repel and drive back the
loyal people of the North. In her own metropol-
itan city of Baltimore, where there should have
been a Union sentiment if anywhere in the State,
Maryland resisted the passage of tiie freemen of
the North who were quietly hastening to the de-
fense of the Government. I believe that the first
blood shed in this wicked rebellion was poured
out in Baltimore by the brave troops of Massa-
chusetts while alittle band of them, not more than
one hundred in number, were forcing their way
through the maddened and infuriated mob of from
eight to ten thousand, which resisted their passage
through the city.
I will read a brief account of the bloody events
of the 19th of April last, as recorded at the time;
but before doing so, I will say that my argument
is, that we should root out slavery here because
it is the only protection which freedom has in the
Government, that there should be a loyal sentiment
to surround and protect the capital of the nation
against treason. I will read a graphic accountof
the first slaughter that took place in this war:
"A portion of the sixtli Massachusetts, and the seventh
Pennsylvania, were attacked in the streets of Baltimoie by
a mob upon their passage through that city. The Ma>sa-
chusett.s regiment occupied eleven cars. Upon their ai ri-
val at the President street depot, the cars were permitted to
leave with the tioops still on board, and proceeded quietly
through the streets of Baltimore, on their way to the depot
at the other side of the town. But they had not gone more
than a couple of blocks before the crowd became so dense
that horses attached to each car were scarcely able to push
their way through. At this point the mob began to hoot and
yell frightfully, and loud threats weie uttered against the
military. The troops, however, maintained a strict leserve,
and the crowd then commenced to throw stones, brickbats,
and other missiles in a perfect shower, against the cars.
Many of the troops were severely wounded in this manner.
However, the fiist nine cars readied the depot, and de-
parted for Washington. The remaining two cars of the train,
with about one hundred men, were thus cut offiiom the mam
body, and the men found themselves! encompassed by an m-
fuuated mob of over eight thousand. These isolated cars
were immediately attacked, and several ot the soldiers had
their muskets snatched from them. At this moment news
came that the Philadelphia volunteers had arrived, and the
report excited the mob to a fearful degree. The road was now
obstructed, and the soldiers alighted, foimed a solid square,
and advanced with fixed bayonets m double quick time, the
Mayor of Baltimore at their head, all the while surrounded
by the mob—now swelled to at least ten thousand. The
military behaved admiiably, and i till abstained from firing
upon their assailant*. The mob now commenced a perlect
shower of missiles, occasionally varied by a random shot
from a revolver or one of the muskets taken from the sol-
diers. The soldiers suffered severely from the immense
quantity ot stones, brickbats, paving stones, See.; the shots
fired also wounded several. When two of the soldiers had
been killed, and the wounded had been conveyed to the
center of the column, the tioops at la*?r, exasperated by the
treatment they had received, commenced to leturn the fire
singly, but at no one time did a platoon Jlie in a volley.
"The volunteers, alter a protracted and seveie struggle,
at last reached the depot, bearing with them in tiiumph
their killed and wounded, and immediately embarked.
'•Two or the Massachusetts men weie killed ami eight
wounded- Seven uoters were killed and many wounded,
but the number is not known. When information was. re-
ceived at the depot of this attack, the Pennsylvania regi-
ment, which was unarmed, was. sent back. Some were
slightly wounded."
On the same day of this outbreak, the Governor
of the State and the Mayor of Baltimore, finding
themselves entirely at the mercy of the secession-
ists and rebels of the city, decided that no more
troops should be permitted to pass through the
town, and in pursuance of that decision addressed
a joint communication to John W. Garrett, pres-
ident of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, requesting him to send the troops which
had arrived at the town on their way to this city
back to the borders of Maryland. The following
is a copy of that letter:
Mayor's Office, City Hall,
Baltimore, Jlpril 10, 1861.
Sir : We advise that the tioops now here be sent back
to the borders of Maiyland. Ke^peetfullv,
GEORGE WILLIAM BROWN,
THOMAS Ii. HICKS.
John \V. Guirctt, l^q.,
President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
Mr. President, the people of the city of Balti-
more were, at this critical hour, arrayed against
the Government of their common country, and on
the side of treason and rebellion. That those who
were engaged in this affair were at once traitors
and murderers, no true man, no honest mind can
doubt. The authorities of the State of Maryland
were for the Union; the people were for treason.
The wicked and rebellious people of Maryland
regarded the peaceful passage of northern troops
through their State, to defend the capital of our
common country, as an invasion of their " sacred
soil;" and breaking loose from all restraint, they
forgot their duty to the Government which had
protected them. The constituted authorities of
the State were as impotent as little children. The
events of the 19th of April, 1861, were inevitable;
there was no power in the State to check them.
The people, debauched by slavery, corrupted by-
its degrading influence, and maddened by the evil
passions which it engenders, broke loose from all
the restraints of law, and wildly trampled civil
authority under tjjeir feet. The morning after the
day on which this fearful tragedy occurred, the
Mayor of Baltimore, humiliated and disgraced by
the events of the preceding day, though himself
suspected of being a secessionist, addressed the
Governor of Massachusetts as follows:
Baltimore, rfprilSO, 1861.
Sir : No man deplores the sad events of yesterday in this
city more deeply than my&elf, but they were inevitable.
Our people viewed the passage, of mined troops to another
State thiough the stieets as an invasion of our soil, and
could not be restrained. The authorities exerted them-
selves to the best of their ability, but with only partial suc-
cess. Governor Hicks was present, and concuis m all my
views as to the proceedings now necessaiy for our piotec-
tion. Wiien are these bcunetj to ceahc ? Are we to have a
war of sections ? God forbid. The bodies of the Massa-
chusetts soldiers could not be sent out to Boston, as you
requested, all communication between this city and Phila-
delphia by laihoad, and with Boston by steamers, having
ceased; but they have been placed in cemented coffins, and
will be placed with proper funeral ceremonies in the mauso-
leum of Gieenwood cemetery, where they shall be retained
until further directions tiom you. The wounded ate ten-
derly eared for. 1 appreciate your offer, but Baltimore will
claim it as her right to pay all expenses incurred.
Very respectfully, youi obedient servant,
GEORGE W. BROWN,
Mayor of Baltimore.
John A. Andrew, Governor of Massachusetts.
The Governor of Massachusetts returned this
beautiful and touching reply:
Dear Sir: I appreciate your kind attention to our
wounded and our dead, and tiust that at the eailiebt mo-
ment the remains of oui fallen will return to us. ( am over-
whelmed with sui prise that a peaceful march of American
citizens over the highway to the defense of our common
capital should be deemed aggiessjve to Baltimoreans.
Thiough New York the march was triumphal.
JOHN A. ANDREW,
Governor of Massachusetts.
Ills Honor George W. Brown, Mayor of Baltimore.
Mr. President, I will pursue this record no fur-
ther. There is nothing in it to cheer the heart of
the true patriot; there is no bright spot here upon
which the eye of the lover of the Union can rest.
It is said that Maryland is a loyal slave State. If
she is loyal, what made her so? Is her position
in the Union to be attributed to the Union-loving
sentiments of her people? Is it to be attributed
to their hatred of treason and rebellion ? No, sir;
no. Maryland has been kept in this Union by
the strong arm and by the majestic power of the
people and Government of the United States. Bal-
timore was never loyal until the mortars of Fort
McHenry were turned upon her walled streets and
her magnificent palaces, nor until the eagle eye of
General Dix sought out Federal Hill ami planted
upon it the guns of the Union. Had Maryland
been a free State, had not her people been carried
away by the influence of slavery upon them, we
should need no forts and no armed men to-day to
guard the city of Baltimore.
Mr. President, the Senator from Virginia, who
spoke upon this bill the other day, [Mr. Wil-
LET,] seemed to regard it as his especial duty to
reprove the representatives of the free States for
the course which they have seen fit to pursue,
and particularly for their desire to abolish slavery
in this District. That Senator, in announcing his
opposition to this bill, stated what to me at the
time appeared rather inconsistent with his avowd
purpose, when he said, in relation to the slaves
in this District;
"I wish that it dtd not exist heie; that it never had ex-
isted here. I believe that tins gieat nation ought toJiave
tins District as common giound, where the woild might
assemble without anything of <i cliaiactur toofleud the
sensibilities, the feelings, or the piineiples of mankind.
And yet, sir, I cannot vote for this biil."
The honorable Senator here declares that he is
in sympathy with the principles of the bill, and
yet he opposes it. He admits it to be right, and
yet he makes a violent and inflammatory speech
against those who advocate this measure. I have
never, since I have had the honor of a seat upon
this floor, listened to a speech so utterly incon-
sistent with itself, so much at war with every
sound and lofty principle of human action, so
unworthy the person who made it, and so unbe-
coming the time, the place, and the occasion, as
was the speech of the honorable Senator from
Virginia, if I except some speeches which have
been made here sincc that date.
Sir, the Senators from Virginia who owe their
position here and their quiet at home to the in-
flexible determination of the people of the free
