2336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
tax their insurance companies, how much France
taxes her insurance companies; how much other
nations tax theirs? I will guaranty you will not
suffer in comparison with a three per cent. tax.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a question much agita-
ted there I know.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope if there is to be
any change in this tax, that it will be increased.
If 1 were to make a motion in regard to it, it would
be to strike out three nnd insert five per cent.
Mr. DIXON. I will say a single word in re-
ply to what the Senator from Michigan has said,
as to the enormous profits of these companies.
There is no greater error than that which is so
prevalent with regard to the profits of insurance
companies. A very few companies have been ex-
tremely successful and made money. I will take
the case of the company to which the Senator
himself probably referred, the Etna company of
Hartford, a company in which fortunately I have
no interest—that is fortunate for my position here,
speaking in their behalf; unfortunately for myself.
That company to be sure has had remarkable ex-
perience; but, sir, it is nearly fifty years old, and
if you will begin from the time they commenced,
you will find that their dividends have not aver-
aged seven per cent. They went twenty years
without a dividend.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. DIXON. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I remember once looking into
the charter of both the Protection and Etna com-
panies, and if I remember aright—and the Sena-
tor can tell inc whether I am right or not—the
capital stock originally of each of those compa-
nies was $100,000.
Mr. DIXON. Two hundred thousand or one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, perhaps.
Mr. GRIMES. One hundred thousand is my
recollection. If I recollect aright, the whole
amount of that sum that was called in was ten per
cent., and they commenced business with ton per
cent. Am I right in that?
Mr. DIXON. They commenccd with ten per
cent.
Mr. GRIMES. I happened to be engaged once
in a case having some connection with these com-
panies, and my recollection of the case was that
they had gone up to $1,000,000 of stock, all paid
in by their dividends, and only ten per cent, was
actually called for.
Mr. DIXON. I will show from that statement
how entirely erroneous the ideas of the most in-
telligent gentlemen upon this subject are. Take
those two companies, the Etna and the Protec-
tion. The Etna was established about fifty years
ago. It has been able to make dividends averag-
ing, from Us beginning, seven per cent, on its cap-
ital, and has pioved a very fortunate investment
for the oiiginal proprietors. But take the case of
the ©thcr company, the Protection, which began
about the same time.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator has notanswercd
as to the point I made.
Mr. DIXON. When they began they called
in only ten per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. And never called fur more than
ten.
Mr. DIXON. I cannot say. I think during
one time of gtent adveisity they did call for a por-
tion more,
Mr. GRIMES. And fiom that it has swollen
up to $1,000,000.
Mr. DIXON. Ithas increased to that, iti« true;
but take the cas^ of the Pi otecUon company as an
offset to that. The two companies started about
the same time. That company instead of being
fortunate as the Etna company was, in about six
years was obliged to wind up business, exacting
from its stockholders the whole amount of the
original capital, which they were compelled to pay
in lor the purpose of paying losses, and then they
could not d® it entirelv. The losses, however,
are all now paid. Those two companies started
very nearly together; the one was successful and
the oth.-r iesuli.-d in utter ruin. There are now
pei son a in the State of Connecticut who have paid
m Thousands and thousands of dollars upon tl
,c ,u- .... , '.
Stock of the Protection company, which com-
menced precisely as the Etna company did. Sen-
ators will see, therefore, that this business is a
risky one,and it two companies start togetherand
the one is successful and the other goes down en-
tirely, utterly destroying its whole capital, it is no
more than may be expected from the analogy of
these cases. The truth is, instead of merely one
company failing, while all others are successful,
nearly all the companies that started about that
time throughout the country with the Etna were
failures. The Etna company is an exception; but I
will take that very company. Itis true they have
been very fortunate; but what do you propose to
do?
Why should you not tax them on their divi-
dends, or on the value of their stock, or on their
net profits? Why tax them on their gross re-
ceipts? I ask the Senator from Michigan what
justice is there in taxing them on money which
does not belong to them, but which is to be paid
out to the insured—a fund which they hold in
trust? Why not tax them on some other basis?
I cannot see any reason why an insurance com-
pany should be taxed on the money which the
Senator from Michigan pays in to insure his prop-
erty. That ought not to be taxed. If, after re-
ceiving that mon"cy from the Senator from Mich-
igan for insurance, there is anything left, tax the
company on their dividends. I do not object to
such a tax as that. You may tax them as much
as you please on their property; but why tax them
on a fund which does not belong to them; a large
portion of which it is certain will never belong to
them; but which they must pay to others? The
true policy, the just policy, would be to tax these
companies on their profits. If they make any
money, tax them upon that, and tax them high,
I do not care how high. Tax them, if you please,
any rate which may satisfy Senators on the profits
they make; but why shall a company which re-
ceives $100,000 and pays out the whole of it, be
taxed on those leceipts? There are many such
companies in the United States, many such in the
State of Connecticut. Take the Phoenix com-
pany, which was mentioned to me the other day
by {he Senator from Ohio. It is a very prosper-
ous company in Hartford, but I wish to inform
that Senator, because he made the inquiry of me
on that subject, that that company paid out last
year more than all its receipts in losses. More
than all the receipts of the Phcemx company were
paid out in losses to the insured. Now, you pro-
pose to tax them on those losses. It seems to
me the bare statement of the case shows its injus-
tice. Tax them, if you please, on their capital;
tax them on their profits; but why tax them on a
fund of which they do not receive a single dollar ?
They encroached largely on their capital last year.
If that isjust and right, the Senate will do so; if
it is not light, 1 do not believe the Senate will
adopt such a proposition.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Con-
necticut asks why tax them on theirgross receipts.
Let me ask him why do you tax taihoads on the
gross receipts of their passenger earnings?
Mr. DIXON. 1 will tell you why. Thatmoney
belongs to ihem; itis their money. They spend
a portion of it, it is true, in their incidental ex-
penses, just as the msuiance companies spend a
portion of their funds in transacting their busi-
ness; but that money belongs to the railroad com-
panies; it is their fund. T'ncy do not hold it in
tiust for anybody. They do not hold it m trust
for the passengers. They hold it for themselves.
Their business is to urn their road and pay their
expenses, and all the money belongs to them. The
insurance company receives money in trust, a sol-
emn and sacred tiust. There can be no more
sacred trust than the fund which an insurance com-
pany receives from those who take out policies in
the office. They hold it for them. They are
bound to pay it all out, and in addition to pay up
the whole of the capital if the premium is notsuf-
j ficient. If there is anything left it belongs to them,
| and that is a pioper subject of taxation,
j Mr. CHANDLER. I wish the Senator from
J Connecticut were corrcct as to railroads, but,un-
\ fortunately, ih^re are avast many of railroads
j whose receipts do not belong to the companies,
| but to their ci editors. There arc roads m my own
| State that not only pay no dividend, but do not
: pay tiie inteiest on their bonds, and yet you tax
I thorn and make them pay.
l Mr. DiXON. it is wrong.
| Mi. CHANDLER. No,'"it is right.
Air. DAVIS. What aie the running expenses
! of your roads ?
I Mr.CHANDLER. More thaniiftypcrcent.on
an average. Insurance business is just like every
other business, to a certain extent. If it is well
managed, prudently managed, ably managed, it is
successful; if it is not well managed, prudently man-
aged, ably managed, it is unsuccessful. Take a
dozen or twenty merchants who started forty years
ago, and how many of them have been successful?
A less proportion than of your insurance compa-
nies, I will guaranty.
These insurance companies, as I said a short
time ago, send out their " feelers" all over the
United States. I have not entered a village or a
town in any State of this Union, without seeing
" Hartford" printed up over the door of some of
the houses—" Hartford Insurance Company"—
you find " Hartford" everywhere. If it is not a
profitable business, why are they so anxious to
get it? Why may it not bear a tax of three per
cent.? They cei tamly pay ten percent, to get the
business. They pay their agents all over the
country ten per cent, to get business. There is
very great competition, and they are starting new
companies every day.
Mr. DIXON. Not now. That has been given
up within the last year.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not admit that these
receipts are not the property of the company.
They are the property of the company, and they
will put the addition upon their rates of risk, of
course, and they are just as much a legitimate
charge for taxation as any other tax that you
have in the whole bill, in my estimation.
Mr. SIMMONS. There are a good many the-
ories about this matter that are not sustained by
the actual facts. If, as the Senator from Michi-
gan and the Senator from Ohio say, the amount
of the tax will be put upon the premium for pol-
icies, and be charged upon the persons insured,
I appeal to them if it is not wrong. The Senator
from Ohio said when he was first up, that we
ought, if possible, to tax those who do not in-
sure, and let those who do insure go untaxed; and
yet he says we ought to put on this tax because
it will be paid by those who insure. That is his
logic. It is very curious logic to hear from a man
who is over thirty, and none of us get here until
that age.
The Senator from Michigan says that this tax
should be live per cent.; that the companies own
the money they receive, and should be taxed upon
what they paid out. I agree that some of these
I companies are very fortunate, and can afford to
pay; but in the aggregate it is a poor business—
it has been for two or three years past; and the
aggregate premiums, as has been shown to us, are
more than tenfold what the net income is; hence,
when you put three per cent, on the gross receipts
you put more than thirty per cent, on the profits.
That is the fact. Docs anybody believe it is wght
to put thiity per cent, upon the profits of the cap-
ital that is invested in any pursuit? 1 do not be-
lieve the Senate would listen to such a proposi-
tion. I think it is wiong to put any tax upon
insurancecompanies, because itis discouraging a
pursuit that there is not a statesman in the world
who has not been trying to encourage. In our
State we never would put a tax on insurance com-
panies, for the reason that we wanted to make
wholesome and sound insurance companies, and
encourage people to insure, and to secure insur-
ance at the lowest rates. While we taxed banks
and everything else, we would not tax insurance
companies, and I suppose we never shall until wo
get so that we cannot see a dollar anywhere with-
out taking a pair of pincers and pulling it out of
a man's hand. If you begin to act on that prin-
ciple, there will not be a fippenny-bit that the Gov-
ernment could get its clutches on which would
stand anywhere. If you begin on that line, you
will tax a man forpraying, before you get through.
[Laughter.] I have a great objection to any tax
of this kind; but I believe it is*the true principle
in legislation to vote for the best proposition pend-
ing, and therefore I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts made an argument that 1 thought was
worth looking to, and that is, that if wo put this
tax on insurance our people would go to England
and insure there,
Mr. SUMNER.. I mentioned the case of eleven
marine insurance companies of New York. I
understand that two thirds of their business is on
foreign account.
