354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. WADSWORTH. I avail myself, Mr.'
Chairman, of this-opportunity to give to the House
the reasons which 1 proposed to offer a while ago
for the vote I desired to give upon the resolution in-
troduced this morningby thegentleman from New
York, [Mr. Corning,] and passed a short time
since. - My colleagues from, Kentucky voted for
that resolution, and I was myself anxious to do so.
lamstillsatisfied that,upon the naked proposition
contained in it, the resolution truly reflects the will
of their loyal constituents. But I did not feel at
liberty, without any explanation, though it was
the desire of my heart, to vote for the resolution. I
could not, although I was satisfied that it was the
duty of the Representatives of the people at once
to proceed to consider the great question of the
ways and means for carrying on the war—I say
I could not, under the circumstances which would
surround that vote, give itatthattime. A resolu-
tion, the most important, I undertake to say, yet
introduced into this House, was brought in here,
and a speech in interpretation of the purposes for
which it was introduced, and as a commentary
upon its text, from the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] is delivered, and then
the previous question is sprung and sustained by
the majority, and gentlemen are asked to vote at
once under that commentary and under that previ-
ous question, and without any answei to the most
remarkable speech, considering the source from
which it came, that was ever heard upon this floor.
I am never startled when the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr.LovEJOY,] who sits yonder, rises,upon
that subject so near his heart, to teach us his con-
struction of the Constitution, the will of the Lord,
and the duty of the nation in this rebellion. Nor
am I astonished when the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and who gives
me the honor of his attention, rises and unfolds his
views upon this question.
But. I was astonished in more respects than one
when my neighbor from the State of Ohio deliv-
ered his views of the policy of the Government,
and laid down the boundaries—the no-boundaries,
rather—of the power of Congress to provide for
the common defense and the public welfare—aston-
ished in more than one respect. A gentleman for
whom I had the highestesteem,and whose course,
as lhad observed it here, gave me the impression
of a patriotic man and a learned lawyer, rises here
and tells the Representatives of the people thattheie
are no boundaries to that power, and that Congress
is omnipotent to provide for the common defense,
and that, under thatgeneral phrase of the Constitu-
tion, all other limitations of the Constitution are
swept away as chaff, and that we may do any-
thing in the world not forbidden by ".natural
right." Sir, is not the limitation itself absurd?
How comes it that natural right limits any sov-
ereign power? I hold that natural light does not
limit sovereign power. It is a matter addressed
merely to the discretion of the sovereign, but does
not affect the power. The sovereign may do what
he pleases, unfettered by natural right, so far as
the question of power is concerned.
The argumentation by which so startling a
proposition as that was supported was equally
surprising. It was asserted that trial by jury,
indictment, presentment, all the guards thrown
around the rights of the citizens of this country,
were swept away, because alien enemies had no
such rights. It was argued that the power to take
life without due process of law, and without trial
by jury, was implied because we could take life
by court-martial—bringa man to the drum-head,
condemn him to death, and execute him. It was ar-
gued that the power" to make rules concerning
captures on land and water" implies the power
to take the property of citizens without making
compensation therefor, and without due process
of law. With fervid declamation and with an ut-
terance thickened by intense feeling, thegentleman
rushed into these extremes,and pointed out what
he would do under these supposed powers to my
constituents as well as the constituents of oth«T
gentlemen upon this floor. Now, sir, I do not
give in to any such interpretation of the Consti-
tution as that. Not one dollar will 1 vote, not
one man will I grant for any such purpose, or to
sustain any such interpretation. Nay, more, sir,
J will give all that my people have, their cattle on
a thousand hills, their slaves, their lands and ten-
ements, their lives, even to the last one of them,
'to resist any attempt to enforce such a construc-
tion of the Constitution as that to the ruin of the
people of this country.
And, sir, I am not one of those who prefer sla-
very to the integrity and glory and perpetuity of
my country. I prefer its renown and its integrity
above all property and to my own ppor life, and
have proven it. All that my people have they are
willing to give for the defense of the Constitution
and the Union. The glory and renown and pres-
ervation of their country is higher than any other
earthly consideration. Kentucky has gone into
this war to extinguish rebellion by the sword, and
she never will lay down that sword while the war
is waged in the spirit of the Constitution till that
great purpose has been accomplished, and the au-
dacious men who have precipitated this ruin upon
the country—the leaders and controllers in the
council and in the field—have been brought to the
halter. Sympathizing as I do all through me with
this great purpose, loving my country not less
than any man upon this floor or outside this Hall,
and willing to make any sacrifice for it that a free-
man can be asked to make. I deplore the agitation
of this question, or the attempt to give this war a
turn which must at once enlarge the proportions
of the rebellion swid put an end to the possibility
of success in our efforts to suppress it.
Is it necessary that I should attempt to answer
a constitutional aigument, such as that to which
I have referred—that Congress has power for the
common defense to do anything that can be done
that is not forbidden by natural right? No, sir.
I maintain that the Federal Government is not sov-
ereign. I declare that sovereignty does not reside
in the States, and that there is no such thing as
sovereignty in this country except the sovereignty
of the mass. The Federal Government itself is
not sovereign, but limited in many and important
particulars. The State Governments are not sov-
ereign. The Federal Government can do nothing
that isnot permitted to itinthatinstrumentwhich
brought it into being, and upon the preservation of
which its existence depends. Yet it is argued that
all which is not forbidden by natural right may
be done for the common defense. That to pre-
serve the nation we may break ope the temple
of the Constitution, and steal thence " the life o'
the building." Sir, it is not contrary to natural
right to establish a monarchy in this country;
it is not contrary to natural right to pass ex post
fuclo laws; it is not contrary to natural right to
unite Church and State; it is not contrary to
natural right to found orders of nobility, and
yet can all these monstrous things be done to
provide for the general welfare and the common
defense, whether you base the argument upon the
preamble of the Constitution or upon the eighth
section of article one—to which, I suppose, the
gentleman refers—which declares that " the Con-
gress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts, and
provide for the common defense and general wel-
fare of the United States?" Can it be contended
for a moment that such vast and illimitable pow-
ers belong to Congress? No, sir; Congress can
provide for the common defense only in the man-
ner that the Constitution points out, and by the
exercise of the powers granted by that instrument.
Congress can exercise all those great powers which
are conferred upon it by this Constitution for the
common defense; it cannot exercise one solitary
power not granted by this instrument, or neces-
sarily inferable fiom its language. It ovei throws
our whole theory of government to say that Con-
gresscanexerciseany power not expressly granted
by the Constitution or necessarily implied from the
language of thatinstrument; all other powers arc
unnecessary, so determined by that great work.
Where then do you find in this Constitution, in
the authority given to suppress rebellion or insur-
rection, any such power as that claimed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio—the power to emancipate slaves,
or the power to confiscate property by act of Con-
gress, usurping judicial poweis, as many of the
bills that are before this House propose to do?
Where do these powers exist in the Constitution ?
They exist only m the enthused brains of honest,
I would fain hope, but dreadfully misguided men.
Sir, I was struck with the continual effort of
thegentleman from Ohio, in arguing this question,
to give to Congress, in its admitted authority to
suppress insurrection, the powers that might be
exercised in accordance with the law of nations in
a war with an alien enemy. The power that is
claimed by the gentleman from Ohio in an effort to
put down rebellion on the part of our own citizens,
was claimed the other day with far more correct-
ness and logical force by thegentleman from Kan-
sas [Mr. Conway] in a war with a foreign nation.
The gentleman from Ohio is disposed to treat this
as a rebellion—to treat it as a war—(if it can be
called a war at all)—against insurgent citizens
whose duties and whose rights are bounded by
the Constitution, and not as a war against alien
enemies, who owe no allegiance to the Constitu-
tion, and can claim no protection from it. The
gentleman from Kansas proposed with far more
correctness to treat it as a war against a quasi inde-
pendent nation, to recognize the fact that the re-
volted States were an alien belligerent Power, and
to treat them as an alien nation—to subjugate them,
and then do what it pleased us to do with them as
conquered provinces. Such a position as that can
be defended. An argument can be made in favor of
it. A lawyer can stand up and quote this Constitu-
tion and the law of nations, and defend it, admit-
ting them to be aliens. But no lawyer can stand
here and defend the conclusion at which the gen-
tleman from Kansas arrived on that occasion, that
we have the right to seize the private property of
non-combatants and confiscate it. The law of
nations expressly forbids it. Private property
upon land is exempt from capture even m a war
with a foreign nation,and if you take the gentle-
man's position, you are at once bound by natural
right, the law of nations, to respect private prop-
erty upon land.
But, sir, I did not rise to go into a discussion of
that subject. I rose to enter my protest on the in-
stantin an unprepared and hurried manner, against
the doctrines proclaimed by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, and to declare that I stand here
opposed both to the power claimed and the policy
proposed. It is argued that, because a court-
martial can take the life of a citizen of this coun-
try without an indictment by a grand jury, or a
trial by a petty jury, Congress, in providing for
the common defense, is not restricted by any such
limitations. The worth of his whole argument
may be shown by this illustration, made use of oy
the gentleman. There is an express exception in
the fifth article of the amendments of the Consti-
tution of the right to take life by court-martial.
It is as follows:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital or oth-
erwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except m cases arising in the land or
naval forces, or in the militia when in actual service in
time of war or puttie danger."
And it is gravely argued that, because this na-
tion is in the habit of putting citizens to death on
the sentence of court-martial without indictment
and trial by jury, that fact of itself overthrows
this limitation which is imposed upon the power
of Congress to take life or property without due
process'of law, and except in the manner pointed
out by the Constitution.
Sir, we never would have heard such an argu-
ment from a lawyer of the eminence of the chair-
man or acting chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, but for the fact that there was a foregone
conclusion in his mind which had to be sustained
by arguments, however fallacious. I have seen
men put to desperate straits to maintain favorite
-theories of their own, and the gentleman from
Ohio is in that condition. There is no clearer
principle, conceding the policy of confiscation,
(which I deny,) than that Congress, for the crime
of treason or its cognates, cannot confiscate the
property of any citizen beyond the term of his
life. There is no clearer proposition than that the
only attaint for treason allowed by the Constitu-
tion is a judicial attaint, and that Congress has
no power whatever to fix and apply punishment or
ascertain guilt. Therefore the fourth section of
the confiscation bill reported by the gentleman
[Mr. Bingham] at the extra session is dearly un-
constitutional; and the courts of the country will
so declare, the moment a case is brought before
them under it. It is a proposal that Congress
shall exercise judicial powers: it ascertains guilt
and deprives of property without the interven-
tion of a court of justice. The language of the
Constitution is clear—"Congress shall pass no
bill of attainder." That certainly includes all
bills of pains and penalties. " And no attaint of
treason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeit-
ure, beyond the life of the offender." What at-
