THE COSSKE
Tffl3 OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 15, -1862.
New Series No. 207,
route by which they carried the mail through the
republic of "Mexico was a shorter arid a better
route than that by the Isthmus of Banaipa, and
for the purpose of having Government annul the
contract with the Panama Railroad Company and
the steamers running to and from that Isthmus,
in Order that they might obtain the contract them-
selves, and for the otner reason, to obtain the tran-
sit on this route, then a lucrative business. They"
came here beseeching Congress to make them re-
muneration. Congress yielded to their importu-
nities thus ftir: it told them that their claim should
be submitted to an accounting officer of the Gov-
ernment, and should be settled according to the
principles of law, equity, and justice. Tne claim
was referred to the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, the officer in the Treasury Department who
is charged with the most responsible duty per-
taining to the Department in the adjustment and
settlement of claims against the Government. A
long and tedious examination was made by Mr.
Whittlesey, then First Comptroller,and continued
by Mr. Medill, his successor in the office, who
reported that nothing was due the claimants either
i* law, equity, or justice. The parties selected
their own tribunal; they came here themselves and
asked Congress to pass an act giving the account-
ing officers of the Treasury the right to investigate
that claim, and if anything was found to be due
them, it was to be paid without further legislation.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman states that the
First Comptroller decided they were not entitled
to anything under that contract. 1 ask him if that
decision was not based upon the ground that no
contract had been made?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. And that is the
very ground upon which I base my argument.
Mr. ALLEY. Thereby entirely ignoring the
action of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is the gentleman
from Massachusetts ready to sanction the doctrine
that if I make a contract with the Government of
the United States, and it is expressly stipulated
therein that it shall not be valid till it is approved
by Congress, and in the absence of that approval
I beg and beseech the Department to employ me
in*pursuance of the terms of that contract, as a
special favor to me, and the Department does so,
that I have any claim in law, equity, or justice,
upon the Government?
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I hold that this
doctrine of equity and justice requires that the
Governmentof the United States should be a law
unto itself, and oughtnotto be bound byanylegal
technicalities whatever, either for or against itself.
I hold that it should decide every claim upon prin-
ciples of equity and justice for services which have
been rendered by an individual in accordance with
the wishes and directions of the Department, even
although the contract may have been subject to
such a condition, inserted though it may be, very
properly, by a prudent Postmaster General. I
say, then, that it is competent for Congress, under
these circumstances, and in view of all the facts
of the case, to decide whether these parties, hav-
ing rendered service and incurred expenses in
perfect good faith,.are not entitled, on principles
of equity and justice, to consideration. If, in the
judgment of Congress, these parlies acted in good
faith, and rendered these services and incurred
these expenses, it is their privilege, and, in my
judgment, their solemn duty, to grant them com-
pensation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I beg the gentle-
man not to make a longer speech than L intended
to make myself when I arose. I said that the
claim had been referred to the First Comptroller
of the Treasury, who was to settle and adjust it
according to the principles of law, equity, and
justice. In obedience to the mandate of Congress,
he examined into the claim and reported that nofti-
ing was due whatever. I shall not enter into the
reasons which he gives in support of his report.
The question ism adjudicate. Itlnvs been settled;
it has been determined by the tribunal to which
the claimants themselves were willing to submit
their case; and it was determined adversely to
207
them. And yet you find a bill cotrtirighere fr&to
the Seriate appropriating nearly tWo hundred thou-
sand dollars for the benefit of thefce cormorants and
greedy claim agents. Sir, I will not give one dol-
lar for this purpose; I will not give the #98,000
proposed by the committee tif conference. We are
told that the committee were unanimous. I ask how
that committee was organised—three members of
the Senate'to represent the wishes of the Senate,
and three members of the House to represent the
wishes of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose we adopt the re-
port of the committee of conference, I would like
to know how much of the $98,000 would go to
the claim agents?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot, of
course, form any opinion in relation to that mat-
ter.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Private Secretary, informed the House
that the President had approved and signed bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Louisa
Abert Byrne;
An act (H. R. No. 556) to change the place of
holding the circuit and district courts of tne Uni-
ted States for the district of West Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 393) making further appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending June
30, 1862; '
Joint resolution (H,. R. No. 71) providing for
the distribution of surplus copies of the Biennial
Register for 1861 among the several bureaus in
the Executive Departments;
An act (H. R. jNo. 540) making appropriations
for the payment of the bounty authorized by the
sixth section of an act.cntitled u An act to author-
ize the employment of volunteers in enforcingthe
laws and protecting public property,1' approved
July 22, 1861, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 187) to authorize an addi-
tional issue^bf United States notes, and for other
purposes;
Joint resolution to confirm the decision of the
Court of Claims in the case of Abraham King,
administrator of John Mandeville;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 92) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of C. J. Jenkins and W. W. Mann, assignees of
John McKinnie;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 88) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of T. S. J. Johnson;
An act (H. R. No. 543) relating to schools for
the education of colored children in the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 91) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Richard Irvin, trustee of the Mechanics'Bank,
New York;
An act (H. R. No. 549) to abolish certain ports
of delivery on the Mississippi;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 87) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Dennis Cronans;
An act (H. R. No. 529) coricerningcertain lands
heretofore granted to the State of Iowa;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 89) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims m the
case of executor of Lewis Warrington and oth-
ers; and
An act (H. R. No. 545) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint a deputy collector
of customs at Chincoteague Island, in the State
of Virginia.
CARMACK AND RAMSEY—AGAIN.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understood the
gentleman from Missouri to state, in the course
of his remarks, that these parties had entered upon
the carrying of the mails of the United States. I
wish to inquire of him whether he speaks ad-
visedly on that point, and whether it is not doubt-
ful whether they ever carried the mails at all; or
more than one through mail as an experiment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentlemah
is right in his supposition. According to my in-
formation the mails were carried onc,e or twice as
a matter of experiment for the purpose of demon-
strating that this was the shortest and most ex-
peditious route to California. As I am informed,
they only claim to have carried the mail once.
Mr. RLAKE. Right at that point I want to
say, that they did carry the mails once, but the
order which authorized! them to do it expressly
declared that they should do it without expense
to the United States.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It comes, then,
back to what 1 said i that it was done as an experi-
ment. They were notdirected by the Government
to carry the mails, but, at their own solicitation,
they were authorized to carry the mail,for the pur-
pose ofdemonstrating that their route was the most
expeditious route to California, with a view not
only of having the mails transferred, but the great
mass of travel to California transferred to their
route, thereby building up large fortunes for those
who held the grant for this route. That was the
object and inducement. The House has already
adopted, without almost a dissentingvoice,arcs-
olution declaring that these parties are entitled to
no compensation whatever, and it seems therefore
useless to consume the time of the House further
with this question. If I had not made a speech
myself, I would submit a motion to lay the report
of the committee of conference on the table; but
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Websteii,]
who was a member of that committee, desires to
submit a few remarks, and it is but courteous that
I should yield to him.
Mr. WEBSTER, I wasa member of the com-
mittee of conference, and signed this report. I
have been called out of the House during this dis-
cussion, and have heard only the speech of the
gentleman from Missouri, and consequently I do
not know what course the argument has taken.
I wish, both injustice to myself and in justice
to the parties interested in this matter, to submit
one or two remarks. All that I know of it I
learned from the speech of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Colfax,] who introduced a joint res-
olution repealing the law of 1856; and for that
resolution I voted. I went upon this committee
of conference believing that these men had no just
claim upon the Government for compensation.
After a full discussion—a discussion lasting for
several hours—I came to a different conclusion.
I regretted to hear the gentleman from Missouri
speaking of claims agents and cormorants in con-
nection with this matter, as if the actum of such
people had controlled the action of the committee
or of the House. Sir, t repudiate, for myself,
such insinuation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, If thn gentleman
supposed or inferred that 1 intended to charge that
the membeis of the conference committee were in-
fluenced by these people, he was in error.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 did not, exactly draw that
conclusion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then the gentle-
man ought not to have assumed that that was my
meaning.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman has some-
what misunderstood me. Whatever may liaVe
been the action of the claims agents or cormo-
rants around this Hall, it is not a proper matter
for discussion on this floor, unless there be some
proof of it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suppose it is
a well-known fact that these claimants and their
agents have been here for several Congresses past
pressing this case; and that, as you pass along the
corridors, members are likely to hear such ex-
pressions as thatCarmack & Ramsey are entitled
to something for their contract.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman has been
more fortunate than myself m learning that fact.
1 must confess that I was ignorant that there was
such a claim before Congress until the gentleman
