3298
THE C0NGEESS10NAL GLOBE.
July 12,
from Indiana alluded to it the other day; and I
never heard of it from that day until the day that
1 was placed upon ihe conference committee. I
do not know any of the parties interested in this
case. I never heard of them. I only refer to this
fact because I think that the discussion in regard
to claims agents, and the attempt to prejudice
claims by allusions of this sort, is not exactly the
sort of argument that ought to be made by gen-
tlemen of such ability as the gentleman from Mis-
souri. Let the question stand on its own merits,
and on its claims to the justice of the House, and
not on any outside influence of this sort.
I confess that I am not perfectly posted on the
subject; but, as I understand the law and the facts,
they were these: under the law, the Postmaster
General had the right to make contracts for the
carrying of the mails through foreign States, from
one part of the United States to the other, on ad-
vertisement for proposals, without submitting
these matters to Congress. That I understand to
be the law.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. But the law re-
quires the proposals to be made to Congress be-
fore the contracts are made.
Mr. WEBSTER. I would be obliged to my
friend from Missouri if he would turn me to the
law, because I asked that very question in the
committee of conference, and the chairman of the
committee on the part of the Senate, [Mr. Colla-
meb,] who had himselfbeen Postmaster General,
and who is at the head of the Post Office Commit-
tee in tlie Senate, informed me that the Postmaster
General had the right, under the law, to make this
contract, without ihecondition which it contained.
On that presumption I agreed to that report, also
taking into consideration the other fact, that the
Postmaster General advertised for proposals for
carrying the mails, to which all parties could come
in. He was not driven into this contract by any
suggestions or importunities of the parties con-
cerned, but was induced to enter into it by the pub-
lic necessities. All persons had the same oppor-
tunity for coming in.
The Postmaster General finding that these gen-
tlemen—Car mack & Ramsey—offered the most
favorable terms, makes the contract with them. I
have no doubt the contract was made in good faith
by the Post OIRce Department. It was made by
an honorable man then at the head of the Post
Office Department. It was made on the presump-
tion that the Post Office Department, under his
successor, would, in good faith, stand by his ac-
tion. The Department does not change because
the incumbent is changed. It is the same body-
politic, so to speak. In this case, the Postmaster
General made this contract with these parties in
good faith. They entered into it m good faith.
The Postmaster General ordered tlie mails to be
given to these parties, and they were taken. I do
not know how long the mails were carried by
them; but 1 know that the order was given that
the mails should be delivered to them, and I take
it for granted that the mails were delivered to them.
There is no proof of the contrary. When all this
had been done, and when these contractors had
gone on and incurred e.xpense, I hold that, until
the Post Office Department gave notice that the
contract was not approved of, and that the mails
would be no longer sent by that route, the Gov-
ernment is bound to pay.
If you look at this report of the committee of
confeience, you will find that tlie compensation
is restricted to the damages incurred prior to the
time—the 9 th of July—when Judge Campbell, the
Postmaster General, notified the parties that he
did not approve of this contract. Up to that time
these contractors had gone on in good faith. Be-
yond that time I would allow them no damages.
I was unwilling to go any further in allowing com-
pensation. In this conference report it is directed
that this examination is to be made by the Cornp-
trollerof the Treasury, and that he shall take into
consideration only the damages and losses thatac-
crued up to the 9th day of July, 1853, running only
through three or four months; and he is further
restricted to the sum of $98,000, without interest.
This is the sum actually claimed, although a larger
claim has been made. I think that the House will
see the motive which induced me to go for this
report.
I hold that if the Postmaster General had a right
to make a contract for tlie cm l ying of these mails
without having this condition put into it, when he
did put in that condition—that the contract should
be until the meeting of Congress, or until he him-
self should put an end to it—it was binding on
him, on the Department, and on'theGovernment.
These men, when they made this contract with
the Department, had a right to suppose that the
Department would carry it out in good faith, and
that neither the then Postmaster General nor his
successor should use their influence to prevent the
contract being carried out. I hold that if service
is done for the Government, that service ought to
be paid for. I hold that when parties who have
been doing service for the Government have sus-
tained losses thereby, it is but just that those losses
should be made up. Withoutcaring,sofaras I am
personally concerned, whether the House agree to
this report of the committee or not, withoutfeelmg
the slightest interest in the parties connected with
this measure, whom I do not know, I hold that
service has been done for the Government, and
that the Government is bound to pay for it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 move that the
report of the committee of conference be laid on
the table.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri to withdraw that motion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. COLFAX. This case has been amply dis-
cussed, and I do not desire to detain the House
in reference to it if they are ready to vote upon it.
Inasmuch as I have been referred to once or twice
in the course of this discussion, 1 did propose to
submit a few remarks in that connection, but if
the House desires to vote 1 will not avail myself
of this opportunity to do so.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I renewthe motion
to lay the report on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of "Missouri. As the joint res-
olution is now, 1 presume, before tile House for
our action, I will move that the House adhere to
its amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
when the report of the committee of conference
was laid on the table, it carried the joint resolution
with it. The motion of the gentleman is there-
fore not in ordei.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was laid on the table; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
' The latter motion was agreed to.
SIXTEENTH AND SEVENTEENTH JOINT RULES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I ask the con-
sent of the House to take up the resolution of the
Senate suspending the 16th and 17tU joint rules
for the remainder of the session,and concur in it.
The resolution from the Senate was read, as
follows:
Resolved, (tlie House of Representatives concurring,) That
the 16th and 17th joint rules of the two Houses be suspended
lor the residue ol tlie session.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont whether the Senate have passed any res-
olution yet fixing the time of final adjournment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, They have not
yet, but I understand they probably will in thfe
course of the day.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object to suspending
these rules until some time has been fixed for the
adjournment of tlje two [-louses. It is folly to
suspend these rules until that is done.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It seems to me
the action of the Senate in suspending the rules
is a little premature.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the rules
read, and will then put the question whether there
is objection to takingup the message ofthe Senate.
The Clerk read the rules, as follows:
" 36. No bill that shall have passed one House shall be
sent lor concurrence to the other on either of the last three
days of the session.
" 17. Nobillor lcsohnion that shall have passed the Hou<e
of Representatives and the Senate *hali be pteM-nted to the
President of the United States for his apptobation on the
last day of tlie session."
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to taking
up the message ofthe Senate? °
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will withdraw his objec-
tion, atleast to permit me to make a statement
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh! 1 know what the
statement the gentleman wants to make is. I de-
cline to withdraw.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has the morn"
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to go to
the business on tlie Speaker's table, with a view
of reaching the concurrent resolution in reference
to suspending the 16th and 17th joint rules.
UNITED STATES JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. WILSON. 1 rise to a privileged question.
I submit the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of tjie two Houses
on the bill of the Senate (No. 89) to amend the
act of 3d March, 1837, entitled "An act supple-
mental to an act entitled 'An act to amend the
judicial system of the United States.' "
The report was read. It recommends that the
House recede from all its amendments to the bill
except those in which the Senate hag heretofore
concurred, and that the House concur in the Sen-
ate's amendments with an amendment, as follows:
The districts of Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Kentucky,
and Tennessee, shall constitute the sixth circuit; the dis-
tiiets of Ohio and Indiana shall constitute the seventh cir-
cuit; the districts of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Illinois,
shall constitute the eighth circuit; the districts of Missouri,
Iowa, Kansas, and Minnesota, shall constitute the ninth
circuit.
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous question
on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and tjje
main question ordered.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in; and aiso
moved that tlie motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The question recurred on the motion to go to
the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTINGUISHED NAVAL OFFICERS.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I recommend that the thanks of Congress be given to the
following officers of the United Stales Navy :
Captam James L. Lardner, for meritorious conduct at
the battle of Port Royal, and distinguished services on the
coast of the United States against the enemy. #
Captain Charles Henry Davis, for distinguished services
in conflict with the enemy at Fort Pillow, at Memphis, and
foi successful operations at other points m the waters of
theMisMssippi river.
Commander John A. Dahlgren, for distinguished services
in the line of his profession ; improvements in oidnance,
and zealous and efficient labors in the ordnance branch of
the seiviee.
Commander Stephen C. Rowan for distinguished services
in the waters of Noith Carolina, and partieulaily in the cap-
ture of Newbern, being, in chief command of the naval
loices.
Commander David D. Porter, for distinguished services
with conception and preparation ot means used for the
capture of the forts below New Orleans, and for highly
meritorious conduct in the management of the mortar flo-
tilla during the bombaulinent of Foils Jackson and St.
Philip.
Captain Silas FT. Strfngham, now on the retired list, for
distinguished services in the capture of Forts Hattera^ and
Clark. AB it AH AM LINCOLN.
Washington, D. C., Jufy 11, 1S62.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FOREIGN RELATIONS.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting the report of the Secretary of
State upon the subject of the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 19th ultimo, re-
questing information in regard to the relations of
the United States with foreign Powers, was taken
from the Speaker's table, referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CANADIAN INTERCOURSE.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Tieasury, m answer to a resolution of inquiry of
the House of April'7, 1862, relative to commer-
cial intercourse with Canada, was taken from the
Speaker's table, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
JOINT RULES—AGAIN.
The resolution of the Senate suspending, with
the concurrenceof the House of Representatives,
