1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
still hold that grand doctrine? Is that pledge to
be redeemed? Let it bo redeemed, and the nation
will bless him and all that labor upon the sublime
work. Let this House and this Administration
put an end to this agitation. It is doing incalcu-
lable mischief. I do not know what it may do in
the free States, but it is weakening the cause of
the Union in the slave States. I do not use the
term "southern States," for I know no North,
no South; I know the Union, and I know States;
no more.
News comes to us frequently of once faithful
but fainting hearts who have, stood manfully with
us, succumbing to this destructive agitation.
When they read that you intend to proclaim
emancipation, arm slaves, repeal the fugitive slave
law, and exterminate slavery in the States and the
District, they faint and fall, and they say you just-
ify the ground upon which the rebellion originally
started. Why do you drivethem from you? Is
it that you may secure the support of the African
race? Is it for any aid which they may bring to
you ? Do you prefer to fraternize with the negroes
of the slave States rather than with the freemen
there? This day you have to make that choice.
If you are for the emancipation of the slaves, you
arm each man of those States against you. You
must choose between negro slavery or the white
people of fifteen States in opposition to you. If
you say you will not support this war except it
is waged for emancipation, let me ask you whether
it is likely that you will be able to extinguish this
rebellion, which you find so difficult to crush now,
when you have fifteen States to deal with, all uni-
ted, in place of eleven, all divided ? You never can
get the slaves to revolt until you have killed, ex-
terminated the white people, and first put down the
rebellion. Yet you say emancipation will end it.
You talk of arming slaves, and will not arm the
brave men whose hearts are beating in imprisoned
Tennessee for the patriot strife. You have tried,
and what success have you met, in winningaway to
freedom the negro? You have had your mission-
aries among them endeavoring to instill some ideas
of frcodom, &e , into the negro mind. PI is idea
of freedom is that of a state in which he will be
exempt from labor. You have tried to get them
to work; and I see that letters of the sons of Mas-
sachusetts lull you of the success you have had in
teaching them. It is notfreedom fornegroes that
you want; it is a dissolution.
I think I do not misread the gentleman from
Kansas, [Mr. Conway,] when I say a study of
his speech would convince any man that he does
not desire a restoration of slave States to the
Union; he is for a dissolution. I think I do not
misread the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] when he talks about negro emancipa-
tion, in concluding that he is for forcing a peace
on the basis of a dissolution. They are seeking
to make this a contest between a North and South;
they know the result and wi%h it. When it comes
to he a contest between a North and South, there
is no man but must see that a dissolution of the
Union is inevitable. The free States could not
conquer fifteen slave States. You might defeat
armies, overthrow them in battle, but fresh armies
would spring up when the question is between
honor, liberty, and life, dishonor, extermination,
and slavery. I do not believe that these men who
talk about emancipation arc at heart war and Union
men; but I believe they are afiaid to announce to
then- constituents that they are opposed to the war.
They know that they never would be able to come
hack hete. A gentleman from Massachusetts—
fiom that glonous ancestral and historic State,
which 1 am hound to honor as I am bound to honor
the source of my own existence—declared that
thereshould be no restoration of this Union with
slavery in it; and he, rather than see the Union
restored as it was before, would doubtless see us
plunged into a war of extermination, which all
know must inevitably result in a dissolution of
the Union.
I honor the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Con-
way,] who delivered his sentiments so frankly
and candidly, arid who did it in a style which has
not been surpassed by any gentleman who has
addressed this House. He held back nothing.
Like Wendell Phillips, and the rest of them, he is
trying "to take nineteen States outof theUnion,"'
Pie is evidently for peace and dissolution upon the
slave line, and he will not vote another man oran-
other dollar for this war unless it is made a war
against slavery. Pie has more faith " in the pam-
phleteer than the musketeer." But the American
people, I trust, never will consent to a dissolution
of this Union. There is no constituency of any
northern congressional district that will consent to
it. God forbid that they should. Those whose
hearts have hitherto exulted in dreams of Ameri-
can greatness would sink in incurable grief should
the people of the free Commonwealths abandon
the contest for the preservation of the Republic.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. With the. permission of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Ashley reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration I-Iouse bill No. 156,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion, (atfour o'clock and thirty
minutes, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 1G, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bill, which had heretofore received the
signature of the Speaker of the House:
A bill (H. R. No. 152) for the relief of the
owner of the British ^hip Perthshire.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 6th
instant, relative to the purchase of extracts of
coffee for the use of the troops; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Wilson, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
Pie also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretaiy of War in answer to the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 17th day of July, 18G1,
and of the 14th January, 1862, relative to con-
tracts for the Army and the payment of troops;
which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a naval station and dockyard on the
great lakes, in the State of Michigan; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
United States, praying for the confiscation of every
species of property belonging to the rebels, and
that the same be appropriated for the suppression
of the rebellion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a memorial
of the representative meeting of the Socicty of
Friends, acting in behalf of the Western Yearly
Meeting of Friends in Western Indiana and East-
urn Illinois, praying that peace and order between
nations may be established upon such principles
as will secure the natural rights of all men, and
guaranty the blessings of Heaven, by recogniz-
ing and incorpoiatmg the divine precepts in our
national policy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. KING presented a petition of John Com-
merford and others, constituting the Patriotic
Union League of New York, praying for the ap-
propriation of the lands of convicted traitors to
our soldiers and sailors, the repeal of the present
system of contracts, the punishment of dishonest
officers and contractors as spies and deserters, and
the abolition of the system of fees and perquisites
in office; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of citizens <f£
Meriden, Connecticut, pr ymg for the total abo-
lition of slavery throughout the country; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FOOT presented the memorial of E. W.
Hinman, of New York, praying for the employ-
ment by the Government of the vessels engaged
in thefishing interests to protectourcommerce and
mercantile interests, the maintenance of the Con-
stitution, the Union, and the laws of our country,-,
and the suppression of the rebellion, but more
particularly to maintain an effective blockade;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of James
Pool, on the files oftiie Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of Dexter R.Crocker, praying compen-
sation for transporting the mail from Canyonville,
Oregon, to Yreka, California, reported adversely
thereon, and asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the commission ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate, under the act
approved July. 31, 1861, " providing a commis-
sion to examine and report as to the compensa-
tion of all officers of the Government, and for
other purposes," reported a bill (S. No. 154) in
relation to printing for the Government; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
MARSHAL OP THE DISTRICT.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That Ward II. Lamon, marshal of the District
of Columbia, by a recent order, as communicated to the
Senate on thel-lth day of January, instant, excluding mem-
bers of tlie Senate, without a pass, from admission to the
jail in the city of Washington, which is subject to the ex-
clusive jurisdiction of Congress, has been guilty of a breach
of the privileges of the members of the Senate, and of a
contempt of the rightful authority of this body, and that the
Secretary of the Senate be directed to communicate a copy
of this resolution to the President of the United States.
Mr. PEARCE objecting to the consideration of
the resolution, it lies over under the rule.
SHIPS ALABAMA AND VIRGINIA.
Mr. HALE submitted the followingresolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate whether or not, in his opinion, the
ships Alabama, at the Portsmouth navy-yard, and the Vir-
ginia, at the Charlestown navy-yard, may be with profit to
the public service taken to pieces, and tlio material, or such
part thereof as may prove valuable for that purpose, be used
in the construction of new vessels or the repair of old ones.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
152) to amend the fifty-fifth article of the first sec-
tion of the act of 10th April, 1860, and the second
section of the same act; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 153) for
the better organization of the cavalry forccs;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
155) to punish certain offenses; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
an the Judiciary.
IlUINS OP WASHINGTON INFIRMARY.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds have had under consideration
a joint resolution of the House of Representatives
(No. 95) for the sale of the ruins of the Wash-
ington Infirmary. This is the public building in
the rear of the City Hall, which was burned down
during the past fall. The naked walls, ruined
and dVlapidated, are standing there. This reso-
lution from the House directs the Commissioner
of Public Buildings to dispose of them, the par-
ties purchasing them to remove, within a reason-
able time, the walls and materials of the building.
The committee report it back to the Senate with-
out amendment; arid I ask that it be put on its'
passage now. I presume there will be no objec-
tion to it. . i •
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 25) for the sale of the ruins of the
Washington Infirmary was considered as in Corn-
