358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
mitteeofthe Whole. It directs the Commissioner
of Public Buildings to sell at public auction all the
material, building and otherwise, now remaining
on Judiciary Square, of the late Washington In-
firmary, with the condition that the same be re-
moved by the purchaser or purchasers within a
reasonable time from the day of sale, to be fixed
by the Commissioner. And the avails of the sale
may be used by the Commissioner to pay for the
taking care of the property since the lire, and to
theimprovementaof Judiciary square, he render-
ing his accounts in-the usual manner to the Treas-
ury for the same.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BEAD LETTER OFFICE.
Mr. COLLAMER. I crave the indulgence of
the Senate to take up a little House bill that was
under consideration the other day, to increase the
efficiency of the dead letter office of the Post Office
Department. I desire to have that bill taken up,
believing that it will occupy but very little time.
It has passed the House of Representatives, and
has been reported from the Post Office Committee
of the Senate. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 160) to promote the
efficiency of the dead letted office.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am very unwilling to oc-
cupy any more of the time of the Senate in rela-
tion to this bill. I fully explained all that 1 thought
was necessary in. regard to it at the time it was
reported from the Post Office Committee. I do
not know that any one made any very serious ob-
jection to it; but some gentlemen were unwilling
to have it occupy time at that particular moment
in the morning hour, and it was postponed. I
now call it up, stating, in very brief terms, that it
is an experiment proposed to be tried in the Gen-
eral Post Office, with a view of sending home to
,the signers all the dead letters that are sent to that
office, and under the belief that, with the postage
payable upon the return of these letters to and
from theoffice, the expenses of the clerks proposed
to be created can be met. The bill is diawn with
a view to permit the Post Office Department to try
that experiment for a year. That is all there is to
it, and that, too, under the belief that it will pay*
its way. The House of Representatives passed it
with great unanimity, and it has been reported
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads of the Senate. I cannot but feel it my duty,
sir, to permit it to go without any more remark
about it, unless some gentleman makes objection
to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment, made as in Committee of the Whole,
was concurred in. The amendment was ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was*read the third time, and passed.
RAILROAD TRANSPORTATION.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the following res-
olution, submitted by him on the 14th instant,
was taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate what amounts of money have been paid
by the Government to the different railroad companies in
the States of Vuginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania,
and New Jorspy, since the 1st day of May last; and also to
furnish the Senate with a statement of the present con-
dition of outstanding accounts between the War Depait-
ment and the said railroad companies respectively.
PROTECTION OF OVERLAND EMIGRANTS.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the Senate take
up bill No. 99. It is a very short bill, and I pre-
sume will lead to no debate. It is necessary that
it should bu acted on promptly. It has been re-
ported unanimously by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and I am exceedingly anxious to
have it passed.
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. NESMITH. It is a bill for the protection
of overland emigrants to the States and Territory
on the Pacific coast.
The motion &as agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
99) to provide for the protection of overland em-
igrants to California, Oregon, and Washington
Tenitory, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. For the protection of emigrants on the
overland routes between the Atlantic States and
California, Oregon, and Washington Territory, it
proposes to appropriate $25,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War, if,
in his judgment, the same may be necessary.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed.
ARREST OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take from the table
the bill that was laid there temporarily to punish
officers for arresting, detaining, and delivering
persons claimed as fugitive slaves.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 126) in relation to the
arrest of persons claimed to be held to-service or
labor, by the officers of the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States; the pending question
being on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to strike out all of the
original bill and insert as a substitute:
That it shall be unlawful for any officer in the military
or naval service of the United States to cause any person
claimed to he held to semen or labor by reason of African
descent, to be seized,, held, detained, or delivered up to or
for any person claiming such service or labor; and any
officer so offending shall be discharged from service, and be
forever ineligible to any appointmentin the military or naval
seiviee of the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. Without criticising at all
the form of expression of the proposed amend-
ment, I offer a substitute for it, which I send to
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proper mo-
tion is to strike out all after the word " that," and
insert the Senator's pioposition.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be inserted will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
No officer of the Army oi Navy of the United States, or
of the volunteers or militia in the service of the United
States, shall assume or exercise any military command or
authority to arrest, detain, hold, or control any person on
account of such person being holden to service as of Afri-
can descent, and any such officer so offending shall be dis-
missed fiom service.
Mr. WILSON. I am very willing to take the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont, in lieu of the amendment reported by the
committee, if other members of the committee are
willing to assent to it. I think it is very carefully
drawn, perhaps betterdrawn than the amendment
of the committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Is it in order now to move
to amend the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to call
the attention of the Senator from Vermont to his
amendment. There are a class of slaves in the
South who are not of African descent 
Mr. WILSON. ^ Oh, no; not any!'
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Well, I venture to say
that I have seen slaves that had not a bit more
African bloo.d in them apparently than you or I.
Mr. WILSON. They are held under that pre-
text.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have seen slaves
with strait hair and fair complexion, as pretty
women as there are in the world, I should like
to teach that class of cases m some way.
Mr. WILSON. This reaches every one.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the prop-
osition as it now stands, by inserting——
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not open to
amendment, the Senate having agreed to it in the
words in which it now is. The Senator can move
to add another section to it.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. This, in my judgment, is a
very important measure; and as the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont has only been this
moment presented, I ask that the bill be postponed
and the amendment be printed, in order that we
may have some time to look into it.
*Mr. WILSON. The amendment is very plain
and simple; a child can comprehend its import.
I hope that this important bill, which ought to
have been passed on the second day of this session,
for the honor of the country, will not be postponed
any longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further amend-
ment be proposed, the bill will be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Delaware,
as I understand, is engaged in the preparation of
an amendment as an additional section. I take it
for granted the Senate will wait until he has written
out his amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have drawn up, very
hurriedly, an amendment which I propose to in-
sert as an additional section:
Nor shall any soldier or officer, under like penalty, entice
away or detain any person held to scrvice or labor in the
United State.*, from his or her master or owner.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is Bardiy germane to
this subject. As some gentlemen say they have
not had my amendment before them in a printed
form, and desire an explanation of it, I will state
exactly what it is.
The amendment reported by the committee
seemed to operate on any officer in the military
service as an individual, and to forbid him from
doing anything in relation to the surrender of fu-
gitive slaves. I perfectly agree with the gentle-
men whom I have heretofore heard speak on this
subject, that when the President of the United
States called upon the people of the United States
to turn out as militia or volunteers for the sup-
pression of rebellion, and they have responded to
that call, and have gone to suppress a rebellion
and disperse insurgents ill arms, it is a perversion
entirely to undertake to use those men as a mere
posse comitatus, or as a mere police force, or to use
them ill any waybill the enforcement of the laws
of any particular section into which they may be
marched. They have nothing to do with that;
their business is to suppress the rebellion, and
disperse the insurgents wherever they may be
found in arms. I believe we are generally agreed
that'there is great impropriety in military men
exercising military authority within the States in
relation to their internal and municipal affairs; it
is very likely to produce collisions that ought to
be avoided.
Without multiplying words on tljat point, how-
ever,! will say that the amendment reported by
the committee made it unlawful for an officer to
do anything in regard to the seizure or delivery
of a person held to service by reason of African
descent; it seemed to direct the individual action
of the man as a man, which is, I think, hardly le-
gitimate and proper on this occasion. I do not
know but that we have officers in our Army who*
are themselves the owners of slaves. According
to the provision reported by the committee, such
an officer qould not even arrest his own slave
under the laws of the State in which he was holden.
It seems to me that in dealing with officers of the
Army, our business is to deal with them in their
official capacity. Therefore, to strip the subject,
of all sort of question about that, 1 have drawn
and presented the amendment which the Senate
have adopted, and which I think should pass into
a law, that no officer shall use any military power
over this subject. As to his own individual ac-
tion, that is a matter which must be left to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Delaware will be read.
The Secretary read it, to insert as a new sec-
tion:
Jhid be it Jarther enact a!. That it shall not be lawful for
any soldier oi ofiicei, under like penalty, to entice, decoy,
01 retain any person held to service or laboi in the United
States from his or lier master or owner.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My object in offering this
amendment is simply to express my views with
regard to the proper course to be pursued by the
Army of the United States in reference to slaves.
In my judgment, the Army of the United States
should have nothing tQ, do with the subject; and
if you make it a penalty for any officer or soldier
of the Army to return a fugitive slave to his oi-
lier master, there should be a like penalty prohib-
iting any officer or soldier from interfering in any
State of the Union with the domestic relation of
master and slave. If you adopt the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, you make it penal
for a soldier or officer to return even to a loyal
master or owner his slave, but you provide no
penalty against any soldier or any officer for de-
priving even a loyal master of the services of his
slave. My amendment proposes to prohibit under
the same penalty an officerorasoldierofthe Army
from decoying or enticing away from the service
I of his master a slave, or from harboring a slave.
