1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1381
his own testimony, lie asked us to examine a cer-
tain gentleman in New York. Ho forgets to state
in his pamphlet that he brought with him the affi-
davit of another person to explain that transac-
tion, and proposed to offer that in explanation of
what became of that wandering §140,000, about
which he had omitted to state anything in his ex-
amination. He forgets to state that he brought in
his pocket the affidavit of another man to explain
what became of that; but that, upon the advice of
his friends, he concluded not to submit it to the
committee. He forgets, also, to state that when
he proposed to have this Mr. Blatchford examined,
with his vouchers, that the committee told him
that they would examine him at any time; and
when this Mr. Blatchford arrived in the city of
Washington, and we were notified by Mr. Cum-
mings that he was here, that we appointed a meet-
ing of our committee for the very put pose of ex-
amining him in our committee room; but that the
moment it was found the committee was ready to
examine him, the anxiety of being examined at
once died away, and there was not the slightest
desire or disposition, either upon the part of Mr.
Blatchford or Mr. Cummings that Mr. Blatchford
should be examined. So completely did that in-
difference possess both of them, that they both
omitted to come to the committee room at all on
the day appointed, and that, too, before we had
made our report.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman tell me
about what date he speaks of?
Mr. DA/WES. I speak of a time about two
hours and a half after we were notified that Blatch-
ford had comc into the city in the morning train
from New York.
Mr. KELLEY. In December?
Mr. DAWES. In December, X think. We
were informed at nine o'clock in the morningthat
Mr. Blatchford had come in that morning, and
we immediately appointed a meeting in oui com-
mittee room, and repaired there, for the purpose of
hearing Mr. Blatehford's statement; but neither
Mr. Cummings nor Mr Blatchford appeared there
at all. Mr. Cummings was notified. We did not
see the light of Mr. Blatehford's countenance at
all. Having spent two hours of time, or there-
about, that day waiting for this Mr. Blatchford to
come with his vouchers, which Mr. Cummings
had himself promised to bring on the 6th of Sep-
tember, and which we supposed he had brought
when he brought his vouchers, the committee
made their report the next day. But coming to
the conclusion that this was merely a preparation
on their part for some subsequent scene or com-
plaint against them, the committee concluded that
they would summon this Mr. Blatchford them-
selves, and see whether there was anything be-
hind all this. They therefore issued their sum-
mons for Mr. Blatchford the next day, and that
summons I have in my hand. On the back of the
summons is the return of the officer, stating that
the summons was served at the place of Mr.
Blatehford's residence in this city that very day.
And that return fixes the day as the 18th of De-
cember, 1861. This transaction with Mr. Cum-
mings occurred, if I remember aright, on Monday
morning. I am not certain of the day of the week;
but it was before the report was made, which was
on the 17th day of December.
But notwithstanding that summons, Mr. Blatch-
ford has failed to this hour to present himself, as
has also Mr. Cummings to present any witness
at the committee room.
Mr. STEVENS. Does not the gentleman
know that Mr. Blatchford has had all his vouchers
settled at the exact amount stated by Mr. Cum-
mings?
Mr. DAWES. I am not discussing that mat-
ter.
Mr. STEYENS. But the gentleman leaves the
impression that they were not; that there was a
deficiency. Does not the gentleman know it?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman shall be accom-
modated. I do not know that fact.
This gentleman swears on the 6th day of Sep-
tember, as appears by the printed testimony to
which I refer, that of the §2,000,000 placed to his
order in New York, $1,750,000 of it was paid
hack into the Treasury of the United States in
New York; that §250,000 of it was expended,
£,90,000 by Mr. Blatchford and $160,000 by him-
self, and that he will produce the vouchers. He
now states in this pamphlet of his that the amount
expended by Mr. Blatchford is §165,071 99. Here
is a slight discrepancy between his sworn testi-
mony on the 6th of September and his statement
made'in this House. He stated also in his sworn
testimony that he had himself expended §160,000
of that §250,000. He states here, in his statement
to the House, that he expended §221,734 40, and
that both together had spent §390,000, instead of
§250,000. His sworn testimony, after he had
taken it home and compared it with the vouchers,
and added to it and subtracted from it as he pleased,
and returned it to the clerk of the committee to his
entire satisfaction, shows a discrepancy between
it and the statement he made here on the 6th of
March of the modest sum I have stated, the dif-
ference between §250,000and §390.000. He takes
care in the outset to say that this money was
placed in the hands of these men subject to the
order of Governor Morgan and himself, in a man-
ner that the House and the country may infer that
Governor Morgan and himself had so expended
it, forgetting that upon the 415th page of this test-
imony he had answered a certain interrogatory
in this way:
" Question, Did Governor Morgan act in this business at
all?
{i Jimxvcr. No, F-ir."
He forgot that Governor Morgan, in the very
outset and at the very first moment he heard of
it, declined to have anything to do with it, nnd
that it was Mr. George D. Morgan and not Gov-
ernor Morgan, who had helped to expend this
nionej'. Whether it was in order to compliment
Governor Morgan that he so persisted in coup-
ling Governor Morgan's name with his in the ex-
penditure of this money or not, I do not know;
but it is certain that the name of George D. Mor-
gan, just at this time, would have little weight in
the public mind in creating confidence in the pro-
priety of this expenditure. So closely connected
is the name of George D. Morgan, at this moment,
with commissions and private fortunes made out
of the public necessities and the public Treasury,
that I commend his sagacity in omitting to men-
tion the fact that it was by the help of George
D. Morgan that he expended this money and en-
deavored lo gain credit from the name of Gov-
ernor Moigan.
But, sir, this is not all. I ask the Clerk to read
from the paper which I send up what is marked
in pencil.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Tlieie retained, under the authority of the Secretary
of the TreaMiiy, by Meshis. Dix, Dlatehford, and Opdyke,
$MO,000, be^ido what I have stated in my H'stnnony, which
is accounted for by vouchers. A. CUMMINGS."
Mr. DAWES. The document which 1 have
alluded to, introduced by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] goes on to state that the
committee altered what has been read by the
Cleik; and that they not only altered it, but falsi-
fied it; and not only altered and falsified it, but
that they did it purposely, and for the unworthy
and wicked purpose of creating a sensation in this
House and in the country, and of convicting him
of that which they knew was false. Now, sir, I
wish to state that the note which has been read
by the Clerk is at the bottom of the paper upon
which the clerk of the committee wrote out his
testimony, and upon one of the leaves which was
submitted to Mr. Cummings by the clerk, after he
had written it out, for his correction and amend-
ation, if he saw fit. After having corrected and
altered it as he saw fit, he put at the bottom what
the Clerk has read. He then returned it to the
clerk of the committee, and the clerk took it to
the printer, and the printer set it up, and not a
member of the committee ever saw it till yester-
day. Now, I ask the Clerk to read whnt is on
the back of that sheet of paper, from the public
printer himself.
The Clerk read as follows:
govfcrnmlnt printing office,
\Vas- inngto\, March 25, 1802.
I hereby certify that this manuscript page of the testi-
mony of Mr. Alexander Cummings, given before the in-
vestigating committee, was placed in the hands ot a com-
puMtm of tins ofliei', who set up the ssi\th line fiom the
hotrom of the page. " I have i etamed," &c., believing it to
he thus stated iii the copv, and that it was so understood
by the pioof-readei, and parsed as correct; that no other
person, other than the compobitoi and proof leader, had any-
thing to do with thus rendering die meaning or the eopy,
and that this page of copy lias not been out ot this omce
until now, except on one occasion, when it was given to
Mr. Cummings, who afterwards returned it.
JOHN D. DKFKEES,
Superintendent of Public
Mr. DAWES. Now, all there is in this mat-
ter is that where he says lie wrote " there re-
tained," the printer set it up "T have retained."
Anybody may look at the manuscript, and half
the men who read it will read it" I have retained."
I never saw it myself until yesterday. It looks
a great deal more like " I have retained" than it
does like " there retained." Mr. Cummings ad-
mits that he left out the word "was;" that he
meant to write " there was retained;" so that no-
body could make it intelligible as he had written
it; and the copy itself looks as much like " I have
retained" as it does like " there retained."
But this man saw fit to charge the committee
with making this alteration, and he repeats it over
and over again in his statement; and not content
with that, he charges them with doing it willfully.
I have before me his language. He says:
"It is made equally evident that the statement of the re-
poit—still more plainly and offensively icpeated in con-
gressional speeches by members of the committee—that a
large balance of $140,000 was retained in my possession, is
destitute of the slightest semblance or shadow of truth; the
only seeming ground for which, at any time, appears, to have
been a singular misapprehension or an ingenious and willful
alteration of the language of mi/ note to the committee, and
appended to iny testimony. The note, as wiitteu to the
committee, and which is now m their possesion, is liter-
ally and legibly as follows."
Everybody can see how legible it is. He says
itis now in the possession of the committee. This
document of Mr. Cummings bears date the 25th
of February, and it not only was not then in the
possession of the committee, but was at that very
moment in the possession of Alexander Cum-
mings, as the receipt which was given by him for
it to the public printer will show. But, sir, it
makes no difference in point of fact whether the
note shall be printed just as itis printed, or printed
just as Mr. Cummings wants to have it printed,
and says he intended to write it. It makes no dif-
ference in point of fact whether the note is printed
"I have retained5 '$140,000 m the hands of Messrs.
Dix, Blatchford, and Opdyke, or "there was re-
tained" in the hands of Messrs. Dix, Blatchford,
and Opdyke $140,000, because he says himself that
all the money was left there subject to his order.
They were his vault, but he carried the key.
When, where, and to whom he directed, they
must pay, asking no questions, and demanding
no vouchers; and he produces here the authority
of the Secretary of the Treasury touching this very
§140,000. Here is the authority of the Secretary
of the Treasury:
Washington, May 11.
Your reservation of fund to meet requisition of War
Department, through Mi. Cummings, approved.
S. F. CHASE,
Secretary oj the Treasury.
To this he adds:
"It was to this sum, and to the action in relation to it,
that I refeired m my note, so strangely gaibled and mis-
used."
He refers to a sum then left in their hands sub-
ject to his order, to answer his expenditures in
behalf of the War Department, and therefore it is
that it will make no difference whether you read
this note one way or the other. But it does affect
the personal integrity of a committee of this House
when a man charges upon that committee an in-
tentional and willful alteration and falsification of
the record testimony, and that for so base and un-
worthy a motive as is intimated in this pamphlet.
I submit the paper to the inspection of the House.
I .submit the statement of Mr. Cummings by the
side of his own sworn statement on the 6th day
of September, and I leave that portion of the sub-
ject to the-candid judgment of the House.
One or two words moie touching this pamphlet,
and I will lelieve the House from this unpleasant
matter. The gentleman, towards the close of this
document, says:
"The accusations of the report do not stop with those
matters with which I was connected, but there seems to
be a desire to drag me into others with which I had no con-
nection whatever. Of these, the nio^t unjustifiable is the
insinuation that I had some connection with the chaitermg
of the steamer Catalme— an insinuation made indirectly,
but significantly, after I had on oath averred that I had no
connection whatever, in any way. direct or indirect, with
that steamer, nor even knowledge of its owner>hip or
charter."
Now, allow me to ask the House to loolc at
that language critically; " of these, the most un-
justifiable is the insinuation that I had some con-
nection with the chartering of the steamer Cata-
line."
Now, sir, I have to say that there is not a word
