i?r"'
HOJtfAL GLOBE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker,, I think
that members of this House who have gone into
the military service of the country are entitled to
pay for both positions. This Congress has re-
fused to assert the principle that where, a member
• is absent with the Army, his seat here is vacant.
The House, by a decided majority, refused to
consider the proposition; and that action held out
an inducement to members to enter the Army. I
will, tlterefore, vote willingly to pay them for both
services.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My opinion is
■different from that of the gentleman from Illinois,
although when I came here to take my seat I was
not in the military service of the United States.
Mr. McPHERSON. I have adopted the sug-
gestion of-the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pen-
DLi.ton,] and have thrown the resolution into a
form which I believe meets his approbation.
The joint resolution was read. It provides that
■when the Secretary of the Senate or the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the House of Representatives is sat-
'-i^fied, by the certificate upon honor, of any mem-
ber of the Senate or House of Representatives,
that he has been absent from the sessions of the
Senate or House by reason of his being in mili-
tary service, such member shall be paid his reg-
ular salary for the time he has been so absent,
provided that he shall certify that lie has not drawn,
and will not draw, pay as an officer in the mditary
service.
Mr. McPHERSON moved the previous ques-
tion.
Tellers were'ordered; and Messrs. Kelley,and
Phelps of California, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 34—no quorum voting.
Mr. McPHERSON. If the House is desirous
that the joint resolution should be referred to the
Oommitteeon the Judiciary, with leave to report
at any time, I have no objection.
The joint resolution was referred to-the Com-
mittee qii the Judiciary.
CONFINEMENT OP SOLDIERS. .
Mr. WILSON. House bill No. 524 has been
returned from the Senate with sundry amend-
ments. With a view to act upon these amend-
ments, I move that the House proceed with the
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill of the
House (No. 524) prohibiting the confinement of
persons in the military service of the United States
in the penitentiary of the District of Columbia, ex-
cept as a punishment for certain crimes, and to
discharge therefrom certain convicts by sentences
of courts-martial, and for other purposes, returned
from the Senate with amendments, was taken up,
•and the amendments of the Senate were read.
Mr. WICKLID'FE. I want to see if I under-
stand that bill. If I understand it, it prohibits
confinement in any penitentiary for any offenses
committed by officers and soldiers of the Army,
except those enumerated—mutiny, and so forth.
Now., I wish to state a case, and 1 want to know if
punishment should not be inflicted in such cases.
An officer of the United States, in Missouri, the
other day went to the house of one of the most re-
spectable and peaceful,and I mightsuy pious men
in that State—I knew him personally before he
moved there—and ordered lus soldiers to shoot
him, and lie was shot, receiving two or three balls
m hisbody. Charges have been preferred against
that man. Suppose this bill passes, how is this
■man to be punished? Confinement m the peni-
tentiary is prohibited, and therefore they must
either shoot him or let him run free. I under-
stand that the amendments of the Senate prohibit
the punishment of such a man as that for man-
slaughter, if it can be brought down to that, by
confinement in the penitentiary of any State. I
do not believe heought to be confined in any peni-
tentiary, being a fit subject for the gallows. But
cases might occur in which outrages by soldiers
or officers on the lives and property of the peace-
ful citizens could only be appropriately punished
by confinement, such as the civil law of the land
would inflict upon an ordinary citizen.
Mr. WILSON. I do not see that this bill at
all interferes with the case referred to by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. The Senate amendments
leave the bill substantially as it was originally
agreed upon by the Committee on the Judiciary
of the House. Now, I am informed that there
are many persons confined within the penitentiary
of this District, at the presenttime, for'the commis-
sion of petty offenses not connected with military
matters at all', and yet courts-martial have found
tliemguilty of mutiny, whereas there was no such
charge against them, and yet those men are held
here ill confinement. Inasmuch as it is so late in
the session, and as Congress is likely to adjourn
earl" next week, I think we had better concur in
the amendments of the Senate, and let the bill be-
come a law.
Mr. FRANK. 1 have in my hand a paper just
signed by several of the delegation in this House
from New York, recommending, the restoration,
by the Governor of that State, to the captaincy of
his former company, a man, the circumstances
connected with whose removal should be known
in connection with the bill now before us. I will
state them briefly: a captain in one of the regi-
ments raised in my district, while with the army
on the peninsula a few weeks ago, weary and
sick from a march of several days, unable to carry
his baggage further, purchased an old mule from
a man who had previously bought him a few miles
back, paying ten dollars for the animal. For that
he was tried by a military court, and, in defiance
of law or justice, convicted, dismissed from ser-
vice, disgraced, and sentenced to the penitentiary
of this Districtfor three years. There wasno proof
that the animul belonged to any person other than
the man from whom it was purchased; but it was
sufficient that it had once been Lhe property of
the rebels, and for that alone lie was convicted and
disgraced, as I before remarked. I am happy,
however, to state that I have in part been instru-
mental m obtaining his release, and I hope soon
to see him once more in command of ius late
company.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
one remark with reference to the case which Mr.
Frank has mentioned. I presume the person he
refers to was charged with receiving stolen prop-
erty knowing it to be stolen, which is an offense
against the law of the land, whether stolen from
a traitor or stolen from a loyal citizen. The
rules and articles of war prohibit pillaging, ma-
rauding, and plundering. If it was necessary for
the Government to take that property, the com-
manding officer could have oi tiered it to be taken
for the use of the Government, and it would then
have passed into the hands of the quartermaster,
who would have accounted for it as Government
property. But if you permit your soldiers as they
pass along to seize whatever property they choose
and appropriate it to their own use, you are in-
culcating a bad system of morals upon your sol-
diers, which you will feel the cffccts of when they
return to their homes.
Now, I know nothing of the case to which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Frank] refeis,
snve from his own statement. But this captain
was tiied by a court-martial composed of volun-
teer officers. Any evidence exculpatory or in ex-
tenuation of the alleged offense would have been
received by the court-mni tial, or if it was ruled
out, the commanding officer, who ordered the
court-martial, would not have enforced its decis-
ion. The rules of procedure in courts-martial are
as well defined and mai ked out as are those of any
criminal court m thccountiy. The same laws
of evidence govern them, though not exactly the
same rules of procedure, because there is more
strictness in a court-martial than there is in any
civil tribunal. It is proposed in this hill, as I un-
derstand it, to except the offenses of mutiny or
attempting to incite mutiny or desertion. Where,
then, do you leave the military code? The only
punishment that can be inflicted on a man for de-
sertion oi for mutiny, or an attempt to incite to
mutiny, will be death. They cannot imprison
him in the penitentiary. I ask you, if a man who
has agreed to serve for a limited period of time,
throws down his gun and runs away from the
enemy, leaving his brave comrades to fight the
battle, is it right to let him go scot free? Is not
that encouraging deseition; and is this a time to
encourage desertion?
It is a very difficult matter in these military pro-
ceedings to inflict the penalty of death in all cases
where the military code authorizes that punish-
ment, or such other punishment as a coui t-martial
may determine. A soldier may be brought before
a court-martial, and that court may think that there
areextenuatingcircumstfinces in his case,and that
the man ought not to forfeit his life—perhajss the
sickness of his wife or child lying at the point of
death, his commanding officer being unwilling to
grant him a furlough or leaveof absence from the
public service, might estrange him from his duty;
in such a case as that, 1 ask you, is it not better
to punish by imprisonment than by death? * ■
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say, in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Missouri, that the
difficulties he has presented do notgrow out of this
bill, but out of the articles of war, and the regu-
lations of the Army, if they have not made proper
provisions for the punishment of these offenses,
then that can be done by Congress subsequently.
It should not interfere with the passage of.this
bill.
Now, sir, I hold in my hand a letter In which
a case is stated by a constituent of the gentleman
from New York, and written to that gentleman,
in which he states that his one offense was the
striking by mistake of a lieutenant, in the dark,
he being in liquor at the time. He apologized for
it, and, by advice, plead guilty when arraigned be-
fore the court-martial, hoping that in this way the
court-martial would make the punishmentas light
as possible. Well, sir, for that offense, for \vhich
he plead guilty, he was sentenced to the peniten-
tiary in this District for ten years.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouii. I desire, with the
consent of the gentleman, to sayone word in ref-
erence to that case. If the circumstances of the
case the gentleman mentions are as he states them,
I think the court erred in the severity of the pun-
ishment inflicted; but the offense of striking a
superior officer is a very grave military offense.
If he struck in the dark, not knowing the person
to be an officer, that would so extenuate the of-
fense that 1 think the court-martial made a serious
mistake in the sentence they pronounced.
Mr. WILSON. This is, li owever, only one of
many such instances which show the necessity of
some legislation on the subject,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. One word more.
When this bill was before the House some days
since, I stated tluit by the military code no officer
in the volunteer or militia service can be tried ex-
cept by officers in the volunteer service, and no
soldier in the volunteer service can be tried except
by the officers whom he and his comrades have
elected to govern them wlule in the military ser-
vice; and the presumption is, that in cases so ad-
judicated, upon the full evidence, the punishment
will be suitable and proper.
In this case you have the statement of the per-
son convicted to offset against the decision of the
court-martial upon all the evidence that could be
presented upon that occasion. 1 therefore receive
the statement with distrust, because it is from the
party convicted.
Mr. WILSON. I will say that in this case the
pany convicted is confined in the penitentiary in
this District, find that there arc an abundance of
cases there where the punishment and offense have
been as dispiopoi tionate. I move the previous
question up oil agreeing to the amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. FRANK. Will the gentleman withd raw
the demand for the previous question for a mo-
ment?
Mr. WILSON. I will.
Mr. FRANK. 1 merely wish to say in reply
to the gentleman from Missouri, that he does not
more than myself wish parties punished who take
property unlawfully, or who go about the country
marauding.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no doubt
we agree in that respect.
Mr. FRANK. But the case I mentioned was
entirely different. There was not a particle of
proof that the man knew the property to be stolen,
or that it was stolen. So well satisfied was the
President on examining the case, that he ordered
his instant release. He even sent a note to the
jailor to that effect, before the man reached the
city. I ask if there is not a better mode of pun-
ishment, even when parties are found guilty, than
imprisonment in the penitentiary of this District
for years?
■ of Missouri. Let me say a word
right here, i know thefc this practice of stealing
horses is constantly going on. I know that horses
and mules are continually hawked about the camps
for ten or fifteen dollars apiece, which would be
worth $100 upon the market. Their very cheap-
