THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
July 12,
ness is an evidence of their being; stolen. And
it not unfrequently happens that officers who buy
horses under such circumstances are compelled
to give tlrem up, it being proved that they were
stolen from somebody in the neighborhood. No
officer ought to purchase a horse of a soldier at
such a reduced price.
Mr. "WILSON. I move the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think this mat-
ter had better go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with the privilege to report at any time.
That will satisfy me.
Mr. "WILSON. No, sir; it would never get
back. The bill ought to pass,and pass promptly.
The"Committee on the Judiciary cannot have an-
other meeting until Monday.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I believe both
those amendments of the Senate to be wrong, and
i hope they will not be adopted. If the bill can
fo to the Committee on the Judiciary, however,
will make no opposition to it, if they report m its
favor.
Mr. "WILSON. I prefer the bill in its present
shape with the Senate amendments, rather than to
have them stricken out. I call for tellers on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps, of
Missouri, and Wilson were appointed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw the demand for the previous
question, and let the bill go to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, with the right to report at any time. If
they report favorably, there will be no opposition
to concurrence in the Senate amendments.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and make that
motion.
Mr. "WICKLIPFE. I desire to make this sug-
gestion to go before the committee. This bill as
it stands, prohibits courts-martial from confining
soldiers in the penitentiary for offenses which, if
they were simply citizens in one of the States,
would send them to the penitentiary. Now, if
you will so amend the bill as to except all offenses
which by the laws of the State are made so pun-
ishable, by statute law, if that has taken the place
of the common law, I think the bill would be a
proper one. But if you punish the citizen for
the crimes of robbery*, arson, or burglary, and let
him go if he is'a soldier, 1 think the bill is defect-
ive. If a citizen commits violence upon a female
in some of die States, he is placed in the peniten-
tiary (or life. Now, is there any reason why the
same law should not apply to the soldier? I sub-
mit the suggestion for the consideration of the
Committee on the Judiciary when they come to
have the matter before them.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with leave to report at any time.
ELECTION OF MEMBERS Of CONGRESS.
House bill No. 525, in relation to election of
Representatives to Congress by single districts,
with amendment of the Senate thereto, was taken
from the Speaker's table, the question being on
concurring in the amendment.
The amendment of the Senate adds to the bill a
provision that in the election of Representatives
to the Thirty-Eighth Congress from the State of
Illinois, the additional Representative allowed to
that State by the act entitled " An act fixing the
number of (he House of Representatives from and
after the 3d of March, 1863," approved March 4,
1862, may be elected by the State at large, unless
tile Legislature of thatState should otherwise pro-
vide befoie the time of holding the election for
members of Congress in the State of Illinois.
The amendment was concurred in.
^-^^LOGG, 0f Illinois moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (S. No.
123) to extend the provisions of theactof August
4,1852, entitled " An act to grant the right of way
to ai! rail and plank roads," &c., for the term of
five years, and to amend the same; when the
Speaker signed the same.
Mr. STEVENS. f move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itsclfinto live Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the TJnion.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up and put
upon its passage joint resolution No. 42, providing
for the establishment of a national foundery east
of the Alleghany mountains, and for a national
foundery and manufacturing arsenal west of that
line.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I object.
MINT IN ST. LOUIS, ETC.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to report
back sundry petitions in reference to the ware-
housing system, the establishment of a mint in St.
Louis, &c.; which I move be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. TRAIN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE withdrew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. TRAIN" renewed it.
The House refused to adjourn; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 15.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILWAY.
Mr. COLFAX. I am requested by the direct-
ors of the Washington and Georgetown railway
to state to the House that they offer their cars for
the free use of members of Congress from this
hour up to nine o'clock this evening.
Mr. HOLMAN". In view of the extraordinary
announcement of my colleague, I move that this
House do now adjourn.
On a division, there were—ayes twenty-two,
noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered. •
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I now insist on my motion
to go into committee.
On a division there were—ayes 52, noes 19; no
quorum voting.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. For what purpose does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania want to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want to do any busi-
ness, but merely to^ive a gentleman a chance to
make a speech.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn, there being on
a division—ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Ifit be in order,
I would ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
state why it is that he desires to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union? I
understand that a gentleman wishes to make a
speech who has very seldom troubled the House
during this session.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be put
to the House until it is ascertained whether there
is a quorum present or not?
Mr. BLAKE. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. I withdraw the motion that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. lalsowithd rav; the mo-
tion I have made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House now
resolve itself into the Committeeof the "VVholeon
the state of the Union by unanimous consent.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, in the chair.)
Mr. WASHBURNE. iVlr. Chairman, what
is the business before the committee?
1 he CHAIRMAN. Joint resolution J-I. R.
No. 30, authorizing the Secretary of War to test
Sanderson's breech-loading cannon, [laughter,]
on which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr? Hol-
man] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr.Chairman,when I sought
the floor a few days ago, it was with a view of
discussing a question of some general interest;
that is, the effect of the tax bill recently passed
on the different sections of the Union, and espe-
cially its bearing on the West. 1 had pioposed
at that time to meet the views which were being
presented by a gentleman from the western sec-
tion of the Union—a gentleman of distinguished
ability and high political position. I proposed to
show that, so far as that bill was concerned, the
West had no reason to complain of its provisions,
and that, on the contrary, the main burdens had
been imposed on the manufacturing interests. If
there is any feature of that bill that is commend-
able, it is in proposing a tax in the mam on man-
ufactures. If the tax is not paid by the manu-
facturer, it is paid by the consumer, according to
the old Democratic theory, and therefore the tax
approximates to the old system of indirect taxa-
tion to which this country has been so long ac-
customed. That is to say, that the citizen of
wealth and affluence pays according to his expend-
iture and the extravagance of his establishment,
or according to his economy and prudence. The
more he expends in the purchase of manufactured
articles the greater amount of tax he will pay.
This is not universal; there are several exceptions
to it, important exceptions, but this is the rule.
But I am aware that the House has gon'e into
committee for the purpose of hearing a speech
from my distinguished friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Kellogg,] whosepatient application to bus-
iness as one of the working, not talking, mem-
bers of the House, entitles him to this partiality.
But before yielding the floor, I desire to make a
motion, which, when I have made it, I will yield
to my friend from Michigan with great pleasure.
Mr. COLFAX. I sliould like to move an
amendment to the pending joint lesoiution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the pendingjoint
resolution be passed over for the present, in order
that the House may take up for consideration
House bill No. 211, reducing the number and sal-
aries-of Government employes, which is the last
measurdof reform left pending before this House,
the only chance for this Congress to reduce the
national expenditure. I will yield the floor with
the understanding that that bill shall be taken up
for consideration.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. This bill, the
sole remaining vestige of reform, is, in my opin-
ion, one that cannot be properly considered dur-
ing the very last days of a sess'on; and if the efl'ect
is to put that bill forward, and to act on it or
nothing, I must object to it. When that bill is
acted on, I want it done deliberately. I want to
have an opportunity to amend it, and I want it to
do really what it promises, but what, in my judg-
ment, it fails to do, and that is, to establish some
substantial and thorough reform instead of making
an apology which will stand in riie way of some'
more radical measure.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not propose that the bill
shall be taken up and passed without opportunity
for amendment and discussion. It is a bill that is
pending before Congress—it is pending in the Sen-
ate as well as in the House—and it is a bill that
reduces largely the very heavy expenditures of
this Government. I want it to be before the House
section by section for amendment. As soon as
the gentleman from Michigan has concluded his
speech, I propose that this bill shall be before the
House instead of the one that is now pending, and
that the sense of the House be taken upon it, so
that the country may know whether this just
measure of reform is to be approved or rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me make a suggestion.
This is an important bill. Every one who has
been in Congress as long as my friend from Indi-
ana sees the necessity that when it is considered
it should receive the deliberate attention of the
House. I understand the probability is that we
will adjourn on Wednesday, and that will only
give us two days more. The gentleman knows
that we have other important measures to perfect,
and that there is not time in which to give this
matter proper consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If my friend yields the
floor he must yield it entirely.
Mr, MAYNARD. I want to make a simple
suggestion. It is the duty of every member to go
