TH® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January
that office—it is not for him to say that ho was
liQta brigadier general of the United States Army.
He is precluded elsewhere and here, whenever his
being such is challenged, from saying that he was
riot. There is no more wise or just rule of law
than that a man shall notrby his conduct, say one
thing, and by his words another. The sitting
Senator has, by his conduct in entering upon the
duties of an ornco and acting as such, said that he
was an officer of the United Slates Army, and lie
cannot be permitted any more in this Senate than
in a court of justice to act in one manner and then
deny the legitimate consequences of his conduct,
i As 1 choose to be brief, I state that as a rule of
law which has no exception where law is admin-
istered .
But further, when the Congress of the United
States, at its last session, passed an act ratifying
the acts of the President, that law was in its very
nature retroactive,governing not only the conduct
of the President, but all the action that resulted
from his conduct. If it reacted to justify the Pres-
ident of the United States, it reacted to fix the
status of the Senator from Kansas. That law, if
it operated to justify the President, operated to
give virtue to the commission he had issued, from
the date of the commission.
But, Mr. President, there is another and a sim-
pler view of this case. By virtue of the Constitu-
tion and the duties it imposes upon the President,
he is bound to put down domestic insurrection as
well as to repel foreign invasion. 1 hold that he
has that power to the extent that may be required
by the occasion by virtue of the Constitution,
independent of any statute law. When that oc-
casion arises, who can say how many men are to
be taken into the field ? It depends entirely upon
the extent of the insurrection, or the qjnount of
armed force brought against us from abroad. It
is to be judged by him. May it not be that more
than four men will be required to command the
brigades of our armies? Under the law of 1795,
when you bring out your ninety days' men, can
they be organized and commanded by four briga-
diers? If they cannot, is it not the business of
the President to officer the commands brought
out? Certainly it is; and whether you call them
brigadiers or not under the statute laws of the
United States, they are brigadiers in fact, dis-
charging necessary duties for the organization of
the Army, and for the carrying of it into the
field. Suppose seventy-five thousand men had
been brought out, simply in addition to the stand-
ing Army of the United States; would four brig-
adiers have organized them, or would not the
President have been bound to call for other per-
sons to act as brigadiers, and could he not clothe
them with proper authority?
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to ask the Senator a
question. Suppose the President in an emergency
of that kind had called on the Senator from Cali-
fornia, as a mere amateur, to lead those brigades
for a time; would he thereby hold an office to such
an extent as to forfeit his seat here ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly. The very au-
thority to call out a force authorizes the organiz-
ing of thatforce necessarily. By the very author-
ity calling out the force, as officers are necessary,
officers may be appointed, and they must be com-
missioned m some form. Call them brigadiers or
not, they are brigadiers by virtue of the authority
vested in the President. Now, we called out our
forces immediately after the insurrection. The
President proceeded to act. His action involved
the appointment of more than four officers to act
as brigadiers. He had the right to call upon them
and the right to clothe them with authority to lead
brigades of our armies. If it was his duty to do
it under the Constitution and the laws, the author-
ity, as a matter of course, followed; its exercise
was legitimate because necessarily implied.
Mr. COWAN. There is another question I
desire to ask. If he had called out the militia,
would he not have been compelled to call out offi-
cers with them ? Brigadiers come from the States
along with the militia.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not necessarily. I hold
that he had the right and authority to call out the
forces he deemed necessary; and I differed, I re-
member, with my friend from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bdll] on that subject at the last session. He had
a right to call out, independent of the act of 1795,
as much of any kind of force as was necessary for
that particular purpose. It was his duty to see
that that force was properly organized, and he had
a right to clothe men with authority to act as offi-
cers. 1 do not care whether you call them brig-
adiers or not; General Lane was an officer clothed
by authority of the United States with power to
go into the field and control a brigade, and then
he became one of the military officers of the United
States; and being such, of course his position was
inconsistent for that reason with a place upon this
floor.
But in this council I hold that wc should be
governed by higher considerations. In these days
of peril, when the integrity of our whole system
of government is threatened, it is well that we
should be careful how we violate any one of its
great principles. Has not the sitting Senator un-
dertaken to unite military with legislative office
under the Federal Government? I understand that
the very idea thatlicsat the foundation ofoursys-
tem is the distribution of power, so that the men
who meet in council shall have nothing to do with
those who fill executive office, or those who go to
war, or those who sit in judgment. I am opposed
to everything that seems like a violation of this
great fundamental principle .taught of old, adopted
by the wisest, and acted on by our fathers. I hold
that this has been a practical violation of that
principle which lies at the foundation of the Re-
public.
Under color of office, if not in office, he acted
as a brigadier general of the United States, and
he has no right to come here and say Jie was not
such. The doctrine of estoppel, that a man shall
not conduct himself in a certain way and then
deny his conduct by his words, is one of the most
ancient of the law, for it is an attempt to maintain
by the highest testimony the absolute truth.
Then, again, I say power was in the President
at that time to organize additional forces, and to
appoint additional officers, call them brigadiers
or what you please, who should act as brigadiers,
and he could clothe them with authority, and he
did clothe the sitting Senator with authority, and
he acted as such. I take it, if the positions 1 have
assumed are true, he has no just right to a place
on this floor for two independent and distinct rea-
sons. That is as much as I choose to trouble the
Senate with on the right of the sitting Senator.
On the question of the claim of the gentleman
contesting his seat, I differ with some Senators,
and I suppose I differ from some authorities; but
we do not understand that authorities make laws.
It is well always to investigate the value of the
authorities cited. The authority I heard cited by
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Dqolittle] did
not strike me as having anything like the weight
of an authority which should even seem to make
law. If I understand it, the term of the Senator
from Kansas commenced with the commencement
of the present Congress. His senatorial term
commenced on the 4th of March last. 1 do not
understand that the term of a Senator commences
from the period of his election, unless it should
be that there was then a Senate in esse and no in-
cumbent. If, for instance, there was a senatorial
office to be filled, he would enter upon that office,
for he would be supposed to have been elected for
the vacant term; but the regular senatorial term
commenced on the 4th of March last. If the
sitting member was elected previous to the 4th of
March last, his term commenced then; or if there
was a rightful term running before, and there was
no incumbent at that time, he would be entitled
to assume the incumbency, and his term would
commence from the occurring of the vacancy; his
term would commence then, because then hig
right would commence. If there was an incum-
bent, and he was elected in January, his right
would not begin until the 4th of March. When-
ever the right commences, the term of the officer
commences. He could have taken his place at the
extra session in March for executive purposes.
He had the right to do it. Now, an office is but
aright. It is a right in the person. The right
is perfect and absolute, although its exercise may
be limited by some act of volition on the part of
the person clothed with the right. My right is
none the less because before exercising it 1 have
to make my bow in this Hall. My right is none
the less because I may do it at my pleasure. My
right is none the less because 1 had to come to
your desk, sir, and take the oath to support the
Constitution and the laws, for it depends upon
my own volition. I am clothed with the office
from the time I may enter on my term. 1 do not
think that this proposition has ever been disputed
where elections have been contested in a court of
justice. I know it is well settled by numerous
authorities. Then I say, if this be true, the office
of the sitting Senator, or at least his term, com-
menced from the 4th of March. I think he was
elected to take his seat on the 4th of March. At
what time, mayT ask the Senator from Kansas,
was he elected?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In April.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then, upon his election,
he was immediately clothed with office, because
his term was running; the term for which he was
elected was in existence; and if the Senate had
been in session on that day, he-could have come
here and taken his seat. A judge is none the less
a judge because he is not trying a cause, or be-
cause his court is not in session. The fact that
Congress was not in session lias nothing to do
with his right to a seat. Congress might or might
not be in session; the office was an office running
from the 4th of March for six years; as I under-
stand, he was elected for that term; his right was
perfectfrom that time; and it was no qualification
of his right that he should be required to do a par-
ticular thing which rested in his own will and not
on outside permission. If it involved the assent
of a different person, or anything beyond his per-
sonal control, the office would not be perfectly in
him; but, I say, when it rests in his own conduct,
the office is perfect in him.
Was not the office of Senator in himatthe time
he received authority to act as brigadier, and was
it not then subject to forfeiture ? May not a party
lose an office by. laches; by not, for instance, per-
forming in a given time the condition precedent;
that is, taking the oath ? May he not be proceeded
against by quo warranto for the same reason? Is
it not upon the assumption that he is in office, and
by laches has lost the right, but yet is not to be
deprived of the right except by judgment of law ?
If this be so, then I say he was in office as a
Senator when he accepted his commission, and by
an act inconsistent with that office, by undertaking
to be a soldier under the Federal Government, he
forfeited the office, and forfeited it just as much
as if he had already been to your desk, sir, and
by his own volition had taken the oath. Mr.
President, I look upon this as a graver question
than liesuponitsimmediatesurface. I lookupon
it as a grave precedent, independent of the ques-
tion of constitutional distribution of power, as an
attempt to connect the Federal military with the
Federal councils, and I say the heel of the Senate
should be planted upon it.
Mr. LANE, ofK .ansas. As I do not propose
to trouble the Senate with a speech, I desire the
ear of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
for one moment. As he has not been long in the
Senate, and is not so well versed in the facts of
this case, I desire his attention. I understood the
Senator to say that if the office of brigadier gen-
eral had been resigned before the oath was taken,
it would have been no obstacle to my holding a
scat here.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will permit me,
he labors uiulera slight misconception. My prop-
osition was this: that the two authorities relied
upon by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] established that proposition; but whether
the proposition was true, and was correctly taken
or not, I did not argue; nor did I indicate any
belief on my part as to its truth and correctness.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I have
stated, and my colleague has stated, that, before
General Scott, before the War Department, and
before the President of the United Slates, I ex-
pressly declined this office on the 22d d*iy of June.
It is known to those members who were in the
Senate that the very moment this subject was
brought up here I announced to the Senate my
determination not to accept the appointment.
The distinguished Senator from Kentucky re-
ferred to,a telegram, dated on the 10th day of
July, from the War Department, authorizing the
mustering in of the skeleton companies in " Lane's
brigade."
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will permit me,
I made no such reference.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I so understood the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman is mistaken. The
dontestanl made that reference, but I made none.
