1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Well, sir, 1 desire the
attention of the Senate for a moment in reference
to that telegram. Kansas had no means of sub-
sisting troopjubetween the time of concentrating
them at the place of rendezvous and mustering
them into the service, and the colonels of the regi-
ments telegraphed to me to obtain from the War
Department an order to muster in the skeleton
companies of the Kansas troops. I took that tel-
egram to the War Department, and it telegraphed
to muster in the companies of " Lane's brigade "—
a more name for the troops, like the Harris cav-
alry, the Pomeroy guards, and the Doolittle rifle-
men. For that telegram, issued by the War De-
partment on a telegram from Kansas, my seat
here is to be prejudiced.
Again, reference has been made to three requi-
sitions which it is said I signed. Now, if gentle-
men will refer to those requisitions they will find
that they have no characteristic whatever of a
requisition. Atthe time those papers were signed,
the Quartermaster General knew as well as any
member of this Senate and as 1 did, my intention
not to accept the brigadier generalship. They
were brought to me to consult as to the clothing
and equipments for the troops. 1 said to General
Meigs that 1 would be very willing to give him
my judgment. I went into a room with a clerk
of the Dcpattmont, sat down with him, made out
a memorandum of the clothing that was desired
by the Kansas troops, and signed it as a Senator,
not as a brigadier general. To be sure I did not
write " U. S. S." underneath my name, butsigned
my name as a Senator, as you, sir, and other
Senators sign it, "J. H. Lane." 1 have been
during the last two weeks in consultation with
the Quartermaster General, giving him my opinion
as to the clothing and equipments necessary for
the Kansas troops, as a Senator, and I presume
other Senators have been consulted in the same
way.
One other statement, Mr. President, and I am
done. The contestant lias charged me with de-
ceiving him. 1 do not know that he intended to
charge me with intentionally deceiving him; but
if 1 deceived him, sir, 1 have a plea here for the
frailties of my nature. It must not be forgotten
by members of the Senate that in the contest for
this seat I went before the people of Kansas with
the contestant, that I went before the Legislature
of Kansas with the contestant, connected with the
Governor of Kansas who appointed him. After
a contest more fierce than I have ever witnessed,
the representatives of the people of Kansas elected
me to a seat on this floor in April last. Four
days after I took my seat here, the Governor,
whom 1 had overthrown, with the contestant
whom I had beaten, declares my seat vacant before
the "smoke of the political battle had passed away.
Sir, I was indignant, so indignant that I treated
the Committee on the Judiciary with disrespect,
not intentionally. I refused to go before them.
I refused to answer the contestant any question,
because I was indignant at what I deemed an un-
authorized and malignant attempt to oust me from
a seat that I had occupied here only four days.
But, it has been asked, why did you not modify
that proclamation of Colonel Weer? I answer
that 1 could not have done it without interfering
with the organization of the Kansas troops. I
was willing and anxious that Kansas should have
an army to defend her from invasion. To have
declared at that time what T have since declared
to tins Senate would, in my opinion, have seri-
ously impeded the filling up of that brigade. J,
therefore, did not modify that proclamation, rest-
ing content in the belief that a notification to the
General-in-Chief, that a notification to the Presi-
dent of the United States, that a notification to the
Secretary of War, and a notification to this Sen-
ate, that 1 did not design to accept that brigadier
generalship would be my armor, would be my
protection.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I stated, on a
former occasion, the reasons that would govern
my vote upon this case. I do not know that I
should restate them again, were it not that the
character of the issue is somewhat changed since
by the appointment and the confirmation of the
Senator from Kansas to a brigadier generalship.
Still, it does not, to my mind, alter the legal issue.
I look upon this as purely a legal question. Iagree
with what has been well said by the Senator from
Delaware,and by the Senator from California, that
the sitting Senator from Kansas cannot hold two
offices at the same time under the Federal Govern-
ment. That is the point in this case. If, at the
time the Senator was appointed a brigadier gen-
eral, that office had been vacant, under the* Con-
stitution, and he had accepted it, it is very clear to
my mind that the acceptance of the second office
would have vacated the first.
But the point I made before, and that 1 make
again, is that, at the time the Senator from Kan-
sas was appointed brigadier general, there was no
such office vacant, under the Constitution. It may
be said that the President made a call for troops,
which necessarily involved the appointment of
such officers. My answer is, that the President
has no such constitutional authority; he had no
authority for making the call at the time and un-
der the circumstances; that is, in legal parlance;
yet wo find no fault with him for the course he
took. We say the exigencies of the times war-
ranted him m doing what he did; and I think the
very first bill that was introduced into the Senate
after this call for troops was made was a bill legal-
izing the acts of the President in reference to this
very matter, showing that the President himself
felt that ho had really no constitutional authority
for doing what he had done.
Now, sir, if he appointed the Senator from Kan-
sas to an office not known to the law, or to an
office of which there was no vacancy, how could
the Senator from Kansas accept it,? Supposing
that he had appointed him to a seat on the su-
preme bench, there being no vacancy, and an of-
ficer could have been found to administer to him
the oath, and he had taken the oath, would that
have made him, in the eye of the Constitution, a
judge of the Supreme Court? Clearly not. If,
then, he appointed him to the office of brigadier
general, there being no vacancy in that office, how
could he accept it?
But, it is said that the President called for the
militia of the diffeient States, and that that in-
volved the appointment of brigadier generals.
Under the Constitution he has no right to appoint
field officers for the militia of the different States.
That is a power vested in the Governors of the
States under the Constitution.
I shall npt discuss the question as to whether
the Senator has done right or wrong in the part
that he has acted in the character of a command-
ing officer. That, sir, is dehors the record in this
case. The simple point is, whether theic was an
office vacant to which the Senator from Kansas
could be appointed at the time he was appointed.
If there was, as a matter of course he could not
accept it. That 1 understand to be the point upon
which the Committee on the Judiciary settled this
case. I have great respect for the Judiciary Com-
mittee. There is a great reason pending why
I should. As a general rule, I do not know but
that I would be governed entirely by what they
might report; it may be a very safe rule to be
guided generally by their action; but cases may
sometimes arise in which I may ieel constrained
to disagree with them. In this case I cannot vote
in accordance with their report.
Mr. STANTON. If it be not inconsistent with
the privilege which the Senate has so kindly
granted me, I should like to be allowed to make
a brief explanation in reply to some remarks of
the sitting member.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The order of the Senate is, that the
gentleman shall be allowed to speak.
Mr. STANTON. The Senator complains,Mr.
President, that I spoke of being deceived by him.
Senators will remember that I stated the circum-
stances of that deception; the issuance of the
proclamation in Kansas, and the fact that I under-
stood, from the agent appointed by the sitting
member—not directly, but indirectly, from him—
that the Senator had taken the oath of office as
brigadier general; and also from the Secretary of
War by lus direct reply, dated on the 2d day of
July, to ail inquiry of mine, that the sitting mem-
ber had been appointed a brigadier general, and
had accepted the appointment. This deception
was just such deception as every man is subject
to who relies on the acts and representations of
another. That was all I meant.
A word as to another point. The sitting mcm-
1; bei says, that before he took his seat in the Sen-
!j ate he had resigned the office of brigadier general;
j| he had gone to General Scott, and a conversation
had taken place between him and General Scott,
to the effect that General'Scott-would not recog-
nize him unless he first resigned his office as Sen-
ator. This statement rests upon the assertion of
the sitting member. I do not intend to deny or
dispute it; but I had a conversation with General
Scott on the same subject; and I presume I shall
be permitted to state what General Scott said to
me. I informed him that the sitting member had
taken the oath of office as brigadier general. He
stated to me that he was not aware of that fact;
and in addition, said that, in hi's judgment, as soon
as he took that oath of office he was out of the#
Semite. I give this statement of General Scott for
what it is worth. It may be true that the sitting
member made these declarations to General Scott
and to the President of the United States, and to
the Secretary of War; but certain it is, that on the
2d of J uly, when the Secretary of War responded
to my inquiry, he then believed that the sitting
member had accepted the office of brigadier gen-
eral, because he so informed me by telegraph, and
that remains a record in the Department, of which
I have here, and had before the comrtiittee, a cer-
tified copy.
But, Mr. President, I hold in my hand the tes-
timony of Colonel William Weer. This witness
was brought here from Kansas for the purpose of
testifying; and he states that at the moment the
sitting member was appointed brigadier general,
he brought out his commission or letter of ap-
pointment with another paper, being an order for
the raising of two regiments of volunteers, and
handed them to him, the witness; and the sitting
membei appointed him, William Weer, hisa^ent
to go to Kansas and raise those regiments. 1 his
celebrated proclamation was prepared by himself, '
the sitting member says in his printed statement
laid before the Senate a few days ago; Colonel
Weer says it was prepared by him; but, at any
rate, it was prepared between them; he carried it
to Kansas, and signed the name of the sitting mem-
ber to it as brigadier general, and it was published
to the country. This agent, Colonel William
Weei, asserts'that he had no authority, except
what he derived from the sitting member, until
the September following, and he continued rais-
ing troops, and acting as the agent of the sitting
member, from the 20th of June, until he received
his commission as colonel in September; and when
the sitting member speaks of colonels telegraph-
ing to him on the 10th of July, he speaks of his
agent, Colonel Weer, acting by his authority and
in his name, who telegraphed here for the purpose
of getting the sitting member to make requisitions
upon the War Department as a brigadier general.
Colonel Weer asserted before the committee—I
hold the testimony in my hand as taken down by
the clerk—that the sitting member never with-
drew hisauthonty. Colonel Weerissued the proc-
lamation; the sitting member was in the habit of
receiving the paper in which it was published, and
lie never disavowed it, and Colonel Weer contin-
ued to act as colonel of that regiment in his name
and by his authority from June until September—
during the whole of the session of Congress.
While the sitting member was voting here upon
all propositions pending in the Senate concerning
the Army and the volunteer forces, his authorized
agent, acting in his name and by his authority,
was raising troops and acting as colonel in Kan-
sas ; and the sitting member here said—as I quoted
from the Congressional Globe the other day—on
the 12th of July, " 1 am now engaged, through
my colonels, in oiganizing a brigade in Kansas."
There it stands upon record; and while he was
here denying that he was brigadier general, he
was there by his authorized agent acting in that
capacity. .
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President 
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the gen-
tleman yield ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I just want to say to
the contestant that Colonel Weer was mustered
into the service of the United States immediately
after his arrival in Kansas, and commissioned by
the Government.
Mr. STANTON. He was mustered into the
service of the United States on the 16th of July,
and not till then; but at that time he had no com-
mission and no authority except what he derived
from the sitting member. He had no commission
till September.' Up to that time he acted entirely
