8804
mm 0ONGRSSSI0KAL GLOBE,
July 12,
penses of other departments of the Government.
But if we are unwilling to fftss thisor asimilar bill,-
it would not be commendable in us to attempt to
disturb the salaries of other public officers. We
should begin with our own. I know the ques-
tion is asked of us, do we receive too much now ?
That, I submit, is not the question. The question
is, could we not, in view of the embarrassment
of the Government, discharge our duties for less
than we now receive, and could not other officer^
in the public service, in like manner, discharge
their duty for less than they now receive?
Sir, it is high time, if we are sincere in our doc-
trines of " retrenchment and reform,'' that we take
some steps which may indicate our sincerity.
What has this Congress done in the way of cur-
tailing public expenditures at a time when the in-
genuity of our ablest financiers is exhausted in
devising ways and means to raise revenue to sup-
port the Government? Why, sir, we have spent
our time in legislating upon and disCussingall man-
ner of schemes of internal improvement, creating
new offices,and adding additional expenditures
to those already weighing the Government down,
with as much profligacy as if our Treasury was
overflowing, and it was necessary to deplete it to
render high tariffs plausible.
I recollect during this session when an appro-
priation bill was before the House in which there
was an appropriation of $58,000 to pay clerks in
the General Land Office under the act of 1855, to
provide for granting land warrants to the soldiers
of 1812, it was alleged, and not denied, that the
expenditure was unnecessary, as there were but
a very few warrants issued under the act; since it
had been so long in effect that most applications
under it had been disposed of. Yet, in the face of
these facts, the appropriation was made, and the
money will doubtless be expended for this pur-
pose, as I notice some twenty-eight clerks are in
the office under that act, who receive salaries vary-
ing from twelve to sixteen hundred dollars each;
and possibly others are temporarily employed, as
1 remember one of the reasons urged for the ap-
propriation by some gentlemen was to give em-
ployment to certain meritorious persons who are
not regular clerks. In this same Land Office there
are, according to the official register, about eighty-
five other clerks at salaries of $1,200, $1,400,
,$1,600, and $1,800 each, when it occurs to me, con-
sidering the depression in the land market, a far
less number might suffice. 1 notice that in 1855,
when speculation was rife in public lands, there
were only about one hundred of these clerks.
There are certainly not as many required now as
then, by one half at least.
This is but a single bureau out of a number in the
Interior Department, mid if we were to ascertain
the fuels I think we should find quite a number of
sinecures in all of them. I am not aware that the
duties of this Department are increased in any
manner, but on the contrary must be reduced since
some eight or nine States nave mostly ceased to
recognize theGovernment,and consequently their
people have no transactions with any of the De-
partments. Yet, in addition to the large force
which this Department had before the rebellion,
this Congress has provided an Assistant Secretary
of the Interior, at an annual salary of $4,000. This
officer was not required when we were in the midst
of prosperity, and might have been dispensed with
now.
In the Post Office Department, while there are
eight or nine States that do not desire or receive
mail facilities, there is no curtailment, but an in-
crease of clerks. Since this session began twenty-
five new clerks, at the usual salaries, have been
added to this Department, for the alleged purpose
of rendering more efficient the dead-letter office.
This expenditure was not necessary now, as we
have dispensed with it up to the present session,
unless it be to provide places for the friends of
some gentlemen who have claims on the Admin-
istration, which I strongly suspect was a ruling
motive in passing it. 1 intend no reproach, how-
ever, upon any gentleman on the floor of either
House of Congress; but I must be permitted to
say that the measure was, in my opinion, entirely
unnecessary.
Another act of this Congress, certainly not de-
manded at this or any other time, was the passage
of a bill establishing diplomatic relations with the
negro republics of Hay ti and Liberia, and provid-
ing for diplomatic representatives to each of these
republics, with salaries of $4,000 each, which,
und.er the present dynasty, will soon become mis-
sions of the first class, with salaries of $17,000
each, with a secretary of legation and all the out-
fitrequired for a mission to the Court ofSt. James;
and in return the negro-loving portion of our pop-
ulation wiirsoon be. gratified by the appearance of
two distinguished sons of Africa, as foreign min-
isters from these Governments, traversing Penn-
sylvaniaavenue in their coaches of four, with foot-
men and drivers in livery, and all the pomp and
display of the most important European embassa-
dors. And all thiif, not because it is necessary,
but simply to carry out the great idea of " negro
equality," and to exhibit due and propercontempt
for the sentiments of those who oppose the doc'
trine.
What else have we done during this Congress
besides providing for an Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, three Assistant Secretaries of War, and
scores of clerks in each of these Departments,
besides hundreds of other offices in the military
and naval establishments, at a cost of many mil-
lions, some of which was a necessary expendi-
ture, but some of it not? We have in addition
taken it into our heads, since money is plenty, to
buy the slaves in this District, and have appropri-
ated $1,000,000 for that purpose. We, however,
have annulled the old rule " requiring two to make
a bargain," as we have fixed our own terms, and
compelled the owners to receive our own price or
nothing. Our agents are now actively employed in
assessing such prices as we think we can pay, not
exceeding $300 per head. This legislation was
mudemanded at this time, nor would we have been
at a loss to find a place for the money which has
been and will be appropriated to carry out this bill.
The appropriation will not stop with $1,000,000,
as I have reason to believe from the bill reported
to-day by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, which appropriates $500,000 more to
carry out the emancipation act, and to dispose of
the slaves to be liberated by the new confiscation
act. Such appropriations will be common in the
future. By the passage of the emancipation act
for this District, and the acts of Congress and the
Federal authorities annulling the fugitive slave
law, and inviting slaves into our camps, and ren-
dering this District a place of refuge for runaway
slaves, we have imposed a burden on ourselves in
maintaining and providing for so-called contra-
bands, amounting—as stated by the distinguished
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] some
weeks ago, and not disputed then nor since—to
$100,000 per day, and I have do doubt his estimate
was reasonable.
Mr. BLAKE. Will my colleague yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. ALLEN. Certainly.
Mr. BLAKE. That statement of the gentleman
from Illinois is not sustained by any authentic
information. Not at all; it is a mistake entirely.
I do not say that the gentleman from Illinois meant
to misrepresent anybody; but the facts do not war-
rant any such statement.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Ohio, I understand, has denied that the Govern-
ment is paying $100,000 for the employment and
support of negroes.
Mr. BLAKE. I deny that the following state-
ment in the gentleman's speech is correct:
"The Government is to-day issuing rations to about two
thousand negroes in this District alone, that cost over
twenty cents per ration—$400 per day, in violation of law,
is being paid lor this purpose. The Government is hiring
in the District several liundred negroes, some as teamsters
and some for other purposes, to the exclusion of white ia-
boiers, thousands of whom, together with their wives and
children, in our large cities are suffering fertile want of em-
ployment. 1 speak advisedly when I say that the Repub-
lican party arc already paying, of tax-gathered money, in
this District alone, over three hundred thousand dollars per
annum to buy, clothe, feed, and exalt the African race.
Thusfor the negro you expend more in a single year in tile
District of Columbia than you appropriate for the govern-
ment and protection of all the people in all the organized
j erritones of the United States. The negro is made supe-
rior, in your legislation, to the pioneer white men that settle
the great West, and, amid hardships and dangers, lay the
foundations of new Commonwealths; the hardiest and no-
blest men of our common country.
"So the people are taxed yearly more for the benefit of
the black race iiuhts District alone than it costs to main-
tain the burdens of Slate government in either IowaiMieh-
igan, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Maine, New Hampshire, Ver-
mont, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Delaware
or Maryland. '
" But it is not In this District alone that you require the
people to pay tribute to the idol of your affection!,. Where
ever you find our Army, with one or two honorable excep-
tions, you will find that hundreds of rations are beina issued
daily to unemployed negroes who rendezvous in and about
the camps; wherever the Army is they are being employed
in various capacities at good wages, and to the utter ex-
clusion of white labor, that now languishes in irksome idle-
ness throughout our country. I state, therefore, and T think
truthfully, that the Government is already paying ®10tl,000
per day for the support and employment of negroes—pay-
ing it, tpo, out of money raised through the toil, depriva-
tion?, and taxation of our own kith and kin."
Mr. RICHARDSON. The speech was made
on the 19.th of May. N6 member of this House
has dared to rise in his place and contradict a sin-
gle statement in it till now.
Mr. BLAKE. Because no man could get the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No gentleman has arisen
in his place to deny the fact while there was time
to get up an investigating committee on the sub-
ject.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. Since the passage of
these acts fugitive slaves have been daily flocking
into this District and into our encampments in
different sections of the country, and becoming a
burden upon the Government. Gentlemen on the
other side of the House talk about putting them
to useful service in the Army; but I am not aware
of any service being rendered by this class of per-
sons as yet. I think the gentlemen on the op-
posite side of the House prefer to use the slaves
which they have not yet obtained and will not
obtain to those already in their possession. This
latter class is working on bread and beef, while
the slaves (of rebels) not yet liberated are used by
our Republican friends in building fortifications
and bearing Arms. The precise amount that the
Government is spending in keeping these fugi-
tives, of course cannot be ascertained, for the rea-
son that every effort to have an inquiry on the
subject has been crushed by the majority of Con-
gress, who have invariably voted down or tabled
all resolutions asking for information on this sub-
ject. No stronger evidence is neccssary to show
that the Government is incurring large expendi-
tures in keeping these contrabands than the fact
that the resolutions of inquiry are voted down.
Why do not gentlemen let the facts come to light
if these expenditures are not being made ? But
any gentleman who desires to satisfy himself on
this subject, so far as this District is concerned,
has only to walk across the grounds of the Cap-
itol> where there is a block of buildings literally
crowded with these fugitives, who are under the
care of a superintendent employed at the public
expense, ana who receive their rations, clothes,
medical attention, and all from the Government.
It is useless to deny that which most gentlemen
here must have witnessed; facts which are occur-
ring daily before our eyes.
Another unnecessary addition to the public ex-
penditures, in my opinion, is the new bureau cre-
ated in the Treasury Department, at the head of
which is placed an officerstyled a " Commissioner
of Interna! Revenue," who, by the act creating
the office, receives a salary of $4,000 per annum,
and who has power to appoint an indefinite num-
ber of clerks, for the purpose of carrying out the
provisions of the law, which is entitled "An act
to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment and to pay interest on the public debt."
Under this law an army of assessors and collect-
ors are to be appointed, to flock over the country
like the " locusts of Egypt," blighting in their
advance all the industrial pursuits of the country.
What number of clerks and employes will be
required in this new bureau, and what number of
assessors and collectors will be required to collect
the proposed revenue, can only be conjectured.
I should think, however, thatpOO.OOO per annum
would be a moderate estimate for the expenses of
the Commissioner, clerks, messengers, station-
ery,and other expenses which will bo incurred in
this bureau, which will in time, I have no doubt,
be magnified into a department as extensive as
the Treasury Department itself.
Then we have, by the provisions of the bill, one
assessor and one collector for each congressional
district in the United States—also for the District
of Columbia. Each of these oflicers has the power
of appointing as many assistants as he may deem
necessary. Of course a large number of these as-
sistants will be required—at least one assistant as-
sessor and one assistant collector in each county
in country districts, and in cities perhaps one for
each ward. Take Ohio, for instance, which con-
