1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
United States which belonged to the regular Army,
for they undoubtedly were under the authority of
the United States; but they constituted a meager
portion of the forcc which was there engaged in
battle with the rebels. The residue of the force
consisted of volunteers, officers and men; not one
of whom, according to this argument, was acting
under the authority of the United States. If the
men were, the officers were; they were all there
by the same authority.
If the President had no power to appoint the
officers who were there', and if those officers held
no office under the authority of the United States,
neitherdid the men there act under the authority
of the United States. The Congress of the United
States was then in session, and had been for nearly
three weeks. Those Senators who take thisground
justify the President; they say, here was an emer-
gency which made it his duty thus to exercise an
authority not warranted by the Constitution or
laws of the country; the exigency of the times was
such that he was justified in these acts. Not so,
however, the Congress of the United States. The
Congress of the United States was legally assem-
bled, by the proclamation of the President, 011 the
*4th of July, and the two Houses organized and
were here m session, and what step did they take
to place these men under the authority of the Uni-
ted Stales? No man here thought it necessary,
for if he had, he certainly would have taken meas-
ures to have effected a result not only called for,
but imperatively necessary, if we pretended to do
our constitutional duty. I say, not a man in this
body, not a man in the other House, then believed
it necessary, for if he had, he would have brought
forward a bill that would have legalized the acts
of the President, and every member of each House
believing there was any necessity for such legis-
lation as that, if a true patriot, would have voted
for it, and it would have become a law on the very
first day that Congress came together. It was a
higher duty than any other we could perform to
pass such laws as would put under the authority
of the United States the men who were here de-
fending the capital—fighting in support of the
Constitution and laws of the country. I say no
man thought it necessary, because no man took
any step to bring about that result. It was done,
it may be said, before we adjourned; but how
was it done? It was done in this way—I read
from page 186 of the Journal of the extra ses-
sion:
"Mr. Wilson asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to bring iti a bill (S No. 72) to increase the pay of
the privates in the icgular Army, mid of tlie volunteers in
the seivieo of the United States; which was lead the fii^t
and second tunes, by unanimous conscnt, and consideied
as in Committee of the Whole."
That bill then contained two sections only:
" On motion of Mr. Wilson, to amend the bill by insert-
ins an additional section the following*
''Sec. 3 Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That all tlie act<,
proclamations, and oidcrs of the i'le^ident of tlie United
States, after the 4th of March, 1861, respecting the Army
and Navy of the United State*, and calling out or 1 dating
to the mihtia or volunteers from the Srates, aio hcrebv ap-
proved, and in all respects legalized and made valid to the
same intent and with the same effect as if they had been
issued and done under the previous express authority and
direction of the Congress of the United States."
The amendment was adopted, and the bill was
passed on the 5th day of August, and Congress
adjourned on the 6th. Now, 1 say that, it was almost
an afterthought to have any section introduced
into any bill, legalizing the acts of the President
on this subject, 111 any respect.
Mr. SUfvlNER. Allow me to call the Sena-
tor's attention to the fact that there was on the
first or second day of the session a jointre&olution
introduced for that purpose by my colleague, and
that it was the subject of debate day by day, until
the very last day of the session, when that section
was introduced as a substitute.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 am quite aware of that. The
resolution to winch the gentleman refet s produced
a party debate, and was postponed by a vote of
the Senate, and I tlnnk indefinitely postponed, as
the Journal will show; and this section which I
have read was introduced into a bill just on the
heel of the session, by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, out of abund-
ant caution, vigilant and activc as he always is m
the discharge of his duties. I think he remarked
at the time that the section could do no harm; and
it passed, and thafcwas all the legislation of Con-
gress on this subject from the time we came to-
gether, on the 4th of July, to the 6th of August,
when we adjourned.
Who supposed thatthe mencomposingthe large
force which was here in this neighborhood, and
winch was passing from day to day into Virginia
where it was well known there was to be a battle
fought within a short time, were here of their own
motion, without authority of law, not having an
officer over them nor a man among them who was
in the service of the United States? To say that
such was the fact,isplacingusasSenators and this
Congress in a position in which I am not willing
to stand, and which will certainly excite the aston-
ishment of the civilized world. According to this
doctrine that battle, on the 21st of July, a battle
fought between larger bodies of men than ever be-
fore met. in deadly conflict within the territory of
the United States since the existence of the Gov-
ernment, was fought, not between the forces of the
United States on one side and a band of rebels on
the other, but by a lawless rabble against a band
of rebels. The body of men fighting under the
United. States Hag, 011 this assumption, were in
fact and in law just as lawless, because just as in-
dependent of law as the rebels themselves, with-
out an officer who had any authority under the
Government of the United States to give an order,
and without a man m the service of the United
States, except a small portion of the regular Army,
on that field. Sir, I am not willing, for one, to
accept that position, and to that position we are
driven if we adopkthe doctrine laid down here by
Senators.
So much for the matter of there being no office.
As it regards the other two points which were
made in the case, namely, that there was no ap-
pointment, and that there was no acceptance, I
shall not reargue them. The evidence of the ap-
pointment and of the acceptance is here on record,
and it is distinctly on tecord, from the 2d day of
July at least down to the 28th of July, when we
liave the last document on the subject, that neither
the War Department, through any of its ramifi-
cations, nor the sitting member, then and now
occupying a scat on the floor of the Senate, said
one word of ever having declined to accept this
appointment. A resignation was never heard of,
either at the War Department, so far as tlie cor-
respondence goes,or by the sittingmember, dt>wn
to the 28th of July, for that is the date of his last
letter. Then, in reply to a letter from the War
Department, saying that he had neither accepted
nor refused to accept the office, he, 011 the 28th of
July, said, not that he had refused to accept, or
that he had resigned the office after having ac-
cepted it; but that at a subsequent time he would
act upon the subject of their note of July 26.
Never, 1 say, until this session of Congress, has
a claim been made which 1 have heard—and the
records are here, and no claim there appears—
that this office had been resigned at any time after
the 20th of June, when it was first tendered, and
when, as I say, it was accepted.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have taken no part what-
ever in this discussion, .and do not intend to do so;
but I desire to say that I was present in the War
Department and at the President's when, very
soon after he received his appointment, Senator
Lane said, that if accepting that would vacate his
seat here, he would decline it.
Mr. FOSTER. No doubt the Senator states
coi rectly; but 1 said thatfrom the 2d of July down
to the 28th of July we have record evidence both
from the War Department and from the sitting
member. The record evidence from the War
Department, dated July 2, is a message by tele-
graph m an answer to a question. The question
was,<c Has Lane been appointed?" The answer
was:
u Lane 1-. appointed, and has accepted.
u SIMON CAMERON. Secretary of Wat."
On the 26th of July the Adjutant General of the
Army writes a letter to the sitting member in these
words:
<• Sir : I am diiected by tlie Secretary of War toiemind
\ou that, although appointed a bugadiei genetal of volun-
i tf'ors by the President 011 or about the "0th of Time last, you
have never yet signified j 0111 acceptance or non-acceptance
0! the appointment, as leqmred to do 111 the ietter notifying
3 ou of its having been eonfeiied
That shows, I think, the understanding of the
Department. On the 28th of July, two days after;
the sitting member replies in these worder:
" Sir: When the Kansas brigade is organl'/.ed, as contem-
plated by the letter from the Secretary of War directed to
me of date 20th of June, and when I shall have ascertained
that my services arc desired by the officers and men of
that brigade, then £ will communicate with yonr Depart-
ment on the subject of your note of July 26."'
He then goes on to speak of other matters'ih re-
*gard to the filling up of the brigade, and concludes:
" I speak the desires of the Kansas congressional dele-
gation, when I request your Department to postpone the ap-
pointment of biigadier general foi the'Kansas brigade until
their wishes as to their leader be ascertained and commu-
nicated."
Now I want to know where the evidence is of
any resignation of this appointmentknown either
to the War Department or to the sitting member
himself, down to the 28th of July. The record
shows not only a lamentable want of evidence on
that subject, but it also shows facts which are in-
consistent with any'such claim.
* But, sir, as I said, the Senate are heartily sick
and tired of this whole matter, and I will not de-
tain them longer. I claim that there was an ap-
pointment, an acceptance, and that the seat was
vacated.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Connecticut
makes the point that on the 9th or 10th of July the
telegraph office reported from the Secretary of
War that Senator Lane had accepted.
Mr. FOSTER. The 2d of July. There was
a telegraphic dispatch on the JOth ofanother char-
acter.
Mr. CLARK. And yet, on the 26th of July,
by direction of the Secretary of War, the Adju-
tant General said he had never done any such
thing. What becomes of your telegraphic oper-
ation ?
Mr. FOSTER. The gentleman must ask the
War Department, not me.
Mr. CLARK. I think so.
Mr. FOSTER. He may get an answer there
which is satisfactory. It is not for me of feourse
to interpret the answers of the War Department.
It. does not help the gentlema*h's position, how-
ever, I will say with entire deference, even if he
convicts the War Department of ever so great in-
consistency or contradiction. That would not
help the question now here at issue, which is,
whether there was any resignation of this appoint-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the SenatorTrom
Connecticut allow me to make a statement?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator's spcech
the other day would leave the impression on the
country that I had received the emoluments of
this office. I desire to say to the Senate and to
the country that I have never received a dollar for
military service since the Mexican war. .
Mr. FOSTER. Any gentleman who did mo
the favor to listen to my speech, or who will take
the trouble to read it over, will not find anything
at all inconsistent with the statement just made
by the Senate, which is unquestionably true.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TJic question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire to the first resolution, which is to
strike out the word " not."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, I3iowiiintr,,ChandIei, Clark. Col-
lamcr, Cowan, Doohttle, I'V-senden, Hale, Harlan, Harris,
Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Morrill, I'omcroy,
Rice, Sherman, Sumner, Tiumhull, Wilkinson, Wihnot,
and WiIs>on*-:2i. _
NAYS—Alexis. Anthony, Bayard, Carlile, Davn, Dixon,
Foot, Foster, Johnson, Kennedy, McDougall, NePimth,
l'eaicc. Powell, Salisbury, Ten Eyck, and Wade—1G.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is 011 agreeing to the first resolution, as amended.
Resolved, That James H.Lane is entitled to a seat 111
this body.
Mr. KING. I propose to state the reason why
I shall vote for that resolution. I understand that
the only question m this case is whether the Sen-
ator from Kansas held another office at the time
of his taking his seat in the Senate. The clause
of the Constitution on that subject, and the only
one relating to it, is that
" No person holding any office under the United States
shall be a member of either House during his continuance
m office.""
Now, I apprehend that in relation to all the mil-
