TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3805
tains eigfrty^ight counties. It will require, on atv
average, & least one assistant assessor and one
assistant collector for each county; and the aver-
ag^expenseof assessing and collecting revenue in
each county will not be less than $3,000. This will
amount to $264,000 for the State. Ohio does.not
comprise more than one twelfth of the population
and territory over which the law is expected to be
enforced. Twelve times the expense computed
for assessing and collecting, in Ohio, would make
$3,168,000 the amount for assessing and collecting
in all the territory over which our laws are en-
forced; add to this the expenses of the bureau at
Washington, and we have about three millions
and a half dollars as the total expense of collecting
this revenue; and I am inclined to the belief that
it will amount to nearer five millions than this
sum. As an evidence that my estimate is low!
beg leave to refer to the law of last summer, which
allows fifteen per cent, to the States that collect
the tax for collecting it; the revenue now to be
collected is much greater, and the system of col-
lecting it more complex.
Thegreater portion of this sum might have been
saved to the Government by adopting the propo-
sition made by the Legislature of Ohio, submitted
to Congress during this session, of allowing each
State to collect its own portion of the national tax,
which would, of course, be done by its own offi-
cers with but little additional expense. But this
would close the doors ttf hundreds of the pets of the
Secretary of the Treasury, who cxpect to have a
share of the public revenue by the existing ar-
rangement. I know that it was the design of some
who preferred the law as it is, to relieve the agri-
cultural interests of the country, or at least to have
this large class of our population to think them-
selves relieved by the present Jaw. But it will be
found in the end that they are not relieved, and
they will realize such to be the case. It matters
* not to the farmer whether his farm is taxed or its
productions. He would as soon have his land taxed
as to have all the products of his land taxed, as is
the case under this law. Every slaughtered beef
he may sell, u hide, hoof,.and horns,"is subject
to a tax. Every hog, not excepting the " bristles"
—every sheep and calf; every gallon of whisky
manufactured; and thus every bushel of grain,
whether it be fed to stock or manufactured by
the distiller, becomes subject to a duty. True,
the grain itself is not subject to a duty, but the
whisky, beer, or ale into which it may be manu-
factured, or the stock to which it may be fed, is
subject to aduty, which is the same in effect. The
farmer has to pay this duty, or, which is equiva-
lent, suffer a deduction in the price of his produc-
tions equal, to that duty. If he wishes to make a
deed convoying or execute a mortgage on his land,
it stamp duty, which was one of the causes of the
Revolution of our fathers, demands tribute at his
hands.
But it is not my purpose to discuss this law fur-
ther than to show that several millions of dollars
of the public money is needlessly expended by its
enactment. These, Mr. Chairman, are a few of
the acts of the present Congress, the legislation
of which has ever tended to increase the drafts
upon a bankrupt Treasury, and never to curtail
them. It is true we passed a law a few days ago
dispensing with regimental bands, but that was
simply a repeal of legislation of the present Con-
gress by which we had unnecessarily incurred
an expense of some thirteen or fourteen million
dollars. The law ought never to have passed. It
was right, however, to repeal it, and we deserve
some credit for having, tit the solicitation of these
bands, dispensed with their services, which were
so very expensive.
But some of the acts to which I have referred
are but the prelude to enormous expenditures in
the future. The expenditures incurred by the
confiscation and emancipation acts passed the
present session cannot yet be realized; but at no
distant day a burden will be imposed upon the
people by tiieir passage that will be intolerable.
But I have no time nor disposition to enter fur-
ther into the details of these measures now. I
abide their result, and doubt not the good sense
and patriotism of the people will approve what-
ever of our legislation is necessary and expedient,
and condemn that which is not.
Mr. LOW moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and1 par-
ticularly the House resolution (No. 30) directing
the Secretary of War to test Anderson's breech-
loading cannon, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
V . MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed an act (H. R. No. 84) for the relief of the
preemptors on the home reservation of the Win-
nebagoes, in the Blue-earth region in the State of
Minnesota; and an act (H. R. No. 137) to extend
the territorial limits of the Territory of Nevada,
with amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
Also, an act (H. R. No. 527) to secure one
month's pay and pension to Margaret Bailey, wid-
ow of George B. Bailey, lieutenant colonel in the
ninth regiment of Virginia volunteers.
Also, that the Senate has passed a joint resolu-
tion and bills of the following titles, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S.No.96) authorizing a change
in. the'Navy ration;
An act (S. No. 167) to authorize the examina-
tion of parties to suits in the courts of the United
States and for other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 376) to-allow and pay to the
State of Missouri the amount of money expended
by said State in the arming and paying of troops
employed in the suppression of insurrection against
the laws of the United States.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOW, (at six
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 14, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas H. Stockton*, Chap
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
Saturday last.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection. The reading is dispensed with.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN FOOTK.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Serrate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 102) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Captain A. H. Foote, of the United Suites
Navy.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to tender the thanks of Con-
gress to Captain Andrew H. Foote, of the United
States Navy, for his eminent services and gal-
lantry at Fort Henry, Fort Donelson, and Island
No. 10, while in command of the naval forces of
the United States, and to instruct the Cleik of the
House of Representatives to transmit a certified
copy of the resolution to Captain Foote.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out " Clerk
of the House of Representatives," and insert,
"President of the United States."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That change
will be made if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. GRIMES, And to insert "requested,"
•instead of " instructed."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* That change
will be made.
The joint resolution was reported to the House,
as amended; and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered-to be engrossed. The joint res-
olution was ordered to be read a third time, and
it was read the third time, and passed.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate take up
for consideration a bill that has been under dis-
cussion several times, repealing the law requiring
copies of contracts to be filed in the office of the
Secretary of the Inteiior.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 350) to repeal an act
entitled " An act to prevent and punish fraud on
the part of officers intrusted with the making of
contracts for the Government, "approved June 2,
1862.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest that the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] takes an inter-
est in that bill and he is not in his seat.
Mr. HALE. I want to state the reason why
I call it up, for the benefit of the Senator from
Kentucky, and everybody else. The session now
is within two days of its close, and the War and
Navy Departments both insist that there is great
addition needed to their clerical force if this bill is
not passed. I think it would be better to repeal
the act of June 2, and let the matter stand until
the next session, when it can be adjusted.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. 1 he question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cowan,] to insert at the end of the
bill:
In so far as the same requires contracts to be filed in
the returns office which in the opinion of the Department
making the same ought not to be made public.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill until the 1st Mon-
day of December next, and on that 1 ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator is aware
that the calling of the yeas and nays will break
up the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I am aware of that, but I
want this act done in a full Senate.
Mr. HALE. Let me say to the Senator that
I have not been behindhand in uiging this upon
the Senate again and again, in an eaiher part of
the session, and I informed the Seriate that it
would be necessary to introduce a new bill appro-
priating: at least $12,000 annually for clerks for the
Navy Department, if it is not passed, and there
will be a similar application for a larger sum
from the War Department. It has got to that
stage of the session that there is no time to mature
such bills; and I think it would be better on all
hands for this law to be icpealud, and let it stand
over until the next session, which is but a few
months, and then we can mature a plan and make
a law that will meet what the Senator from Ken-
tucky and the Senator from Pennsylvania want,
but it is too late at this time to mature a plan to
meet the exigencies of these Departments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the furthercon-
sideration of this bill until the first Monday of
December next, and upon that motion demands
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator from Kentucky will not press his motion.
I look upon it as an absolute necessity that this
law shall be repealed. I do not believe the Gov-
ernment can be carried on under it and live up to
it, and if I were in the War Department 1 would
not try to live up to it; I would take care of the
country, cai l y the countiy through the present
crisis, without undertaking to be fetteicn by an
impossible rule. They say in the War Office that
it will take three hunched clerks if this bill is car-
ried out. I do not believe with a thousand clerks
they could carry it out. I do not believe your
Army can exist in the field under that law, and
adhere to it. I look upon it as putting restrictions
upon the War Department, and the conduct ofthe
Army in the field, that cannot be adhered to with-
out sacrificing the interests of the country; there-
fore I hope Congress will repeal the act, and let
us in December next, if we can, make an act to
correct abuses. The great point now, in my judg-
ment,^ to relieve ourselves from a restriction that
is against the interests ofthe country.
Mr. HALE. I have a proposition to make that
I think the Senator from Kentucky will consent
to; and that is, strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, and insert a provision that the
operation of the law be suspended until the 1st
day of January next.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my motion jfnd
the call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole;
there is a pending amendment.
Mr. HALE. Let us vote that down.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Mr. HALE. Now I move to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the operation of the act entitled An act to prevent
and punish fraud on the part of persons mtru.ted v> ith tiia
