THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
itary appointments there will be found to have
been a great deal of irregularity in the gathering
of this immense Army to defend the country; but
I do not see that any question in relation to them
is necessarily pertinent to this decision. The pre-
cedents, as I understand them, are that a person
may hold an office after he has been elected to Con-
gress, andifhe resigns, or discontinues, orceases
to hold that office before be takes his seat in Con-
gress, his having held it is no bar. I understand
the fact in this case"to be that, although appointed
to the office of brigadier general on the 20th of
June, before Senator Lane took his seat and oath
of office as a Senator, he had abandoned this mil-
itary office, and that he has not since then in any
way exercised any of its functions. I therefore
see no objection to his right to his seat. I do not
think it material whether his military office was
assumed iln one form or another. I should be loth
to question the authority of the officers appointed
in the emergency by the President. 1 should be
unwilling to deny that it was an office which ho
held and had a right to hold; but I do not think it
necessary to affirm it, because I do not think that
point necessary to the decision of this question.
The first resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would seem to
be unnecessary to put the question on the second
resolution; but it has been reported by the com-
mittee, and is before the Senate for action.
Mr. HALE. I move that its further consid-
eration he postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OP MR. STANTON.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, in accordance with the
rules:
Resolved, That the usual compensation and mileage o('a
Senator be allowed to Frederic I\ Stanton up to the time
of the tcimination of his contest for a beat in the Senate
as a Senator for the present Congress, to be paid out of the
contingent fund.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. BRIGHT. There was a special order for
to-day, on which the Senator from Minnesota is
entitled to the floor, which I should be very glad
to have disposed of now, unless there is pressing
necessity for the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I must insist upon my motion
that we go into executive session. It was under-
stood this morning that the special order, to which
the Senator refers,should be taken up to-morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I will not object.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spont m executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 16, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular order
of business, to call the committees for reports.
MEDICAL STAFF OF THE ARMY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back, with a lecom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 179)
for the better organization of the medical staff of
the Army; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, n rid ordered
to be printed.
INCREASE OF CLERICAL FORCE.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by
unanimous consent, a bill (S. No. 107) author-
izing an increase of the clerical force in the War
and Navy Departments was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
FEDERAL PRISONERS IN REVOLTED STATES.
Mr, DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for furnishing
prisoners of the United States Army in the re-
voted States with clothing and other necessary
supplies; which was rend a first and second time.
Mr. DUNN. I presume there will be no ob-
jection whatever to this bill, and I ask that it be
put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs the
Secretary of War to furnish prisoners of the Uni-
ted States Army with clothing and other necessary
supplies, as far as the same is practicable, and
empowers him to employ such agencies as he may
deem proper for that purpose.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
COLUMBIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, reported
back, with sundry amendments, a bill, (H. R. No
175,) to amend an act to incorporate the Columbian
Institution for theinstruction ofthe Deafand Dumb
"and the Blind,and to make appropriations for the
benefit thereof; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF F, F. BROSE.
M r. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
LABORERS IN NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. SEDGWICK also, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee on Naval
A flairs to inquire into the hours of labor and the pay of
mechanics and laborers in the several navy-yaids ofthe Uni-
ted States, and the mode of then selection and appointment,
and that the committee have power to send fot persons and
papers, and report whether any further legislation is neces-
saiy upon the subject.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
considerationofthememorial of Glover Broughton
and sixty-eight others, in regard to bounty lands,
and the same was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
WITNESSES BEFORE COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill amending the provisions
of the second section of the act of January 24,
1857, enforcing the attendance of witnesses before
committees of either House of Congress; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill proposes so to amend the second sec-
tion of the act referred to as to provide that the*
testimony of witnesses examined before either
House of Congress, or by a committee of either
House, shall not be used as evidence in any crim-
inal prosecution of such witness in atfy court of
justice, provided that no official paper or record
produced by such witness in such examination
shall be included within the privilege of said evi-
dence so as to protect such witness from any
criminal prosecution. The bill further provides
that hereafter no witness shall be allowed to re-
fuse to testify to any fact, or to produce any paper,
touching which he shall be examined by either
House of Congress, or by any committee thereof,
for the reason that his testimony touching such
fact may tend to disgrace him or otherwise render
him infamous; provided that, nothing contained in
the bill shall exempt any witness from prosecution
or punishment for any felony committed by him
in testifying.
Mr. HOLMAN. There can be no objection to
that bill. It is manifestly right, and I hope it will
be put upon its passage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Iowa whether the testi-
mony of a witness ought not, by law, to be ex-
empted from being used in civil suits also, as well
as in criminal prosecutions. It seems to me that
the fear of pecuniary damages would probably
operate upon the mind of a witness to withhold the
truth quite as strongly as the fear of punishment.
Mr. WILSON. I do not see that that has any
pertinency to the bill now under consideration.
The bill provides for striking out so much of the
second section of the act of 1857 as reads as fol-
lows:
" That no person examined aud testifying before either
House of Congress, or any committee of either House, shall
be held to answer criminally in any court of justice, or
subject to any penalty or forfeiture for any fact or act touch-
ing which he shall be required to testify before either House
of Congress, or any committee of either House, as to which
he shall have testified, whether before or after the date of
this act; and that no statement made or paper piodnced by
any witness before either House of Congress, or any com-
mittee of either House, shall be competent testimony in
any criminal proceeding against such witness in any court
of justice."
Now, the intention of this bill is merelyto do
away with that portion of the second section of
the act of 1857 which has operated as a general
pardon concerning all offenses in relation to which
a witness before a congressional committee may
have been called to testify, or in relation to which
a witness presenting himself voluntarily before a
committee may hava been permitted to testify.
Under the second section of this act of 1857, the
defendants in the cases of the Governmenta^ainst
Russell and Floyd were discharged from all lia-
bility concerning the embezzlement of the Indian
trust bonds, and all other witnesses who ma)' tes-
tify concerning any act, no matter how criminal,
before an investigating committee of Congress,
are discharged in like manner. It is for the pur-4
pose of remedying this evil that this amendment
of the law is proposed.
I may say, further, that J understand that almost
every day persons are offering to testify before the
investigating committees of the House in order to
bring themselves within the pardoning power of
the act of 1857,and itis topreventany more such
cases of pardon that we ask the House to pass this
bill. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question on
the passage of the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, the bill
was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, with an amendment,
a bill (PI. R. No. 113) concerning the closing ofthe
office of surveyor general at St. Louis, and for
other purposes.
The first section of the bill provides that the
office of surveyor general of the district of Illi-
nois and Missouri shall not be closed until the
time expires for presenting claims to lands under
the act of Congress of June 27,1860, entitled "An
act for the final adjustment of private land claims
in the States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri,
and for other purposes."
The second section makes the United States re-
linquish and convey to the inhabitants of the city
of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, for the sup-
port of the public schools of said city, all the right,
title, and interest of the United States m the lots,
parcels, and pieces of land not heretofore disposed
of in law or equity by the United States within
the grand prairie common field, in the county of
St. Louis and State of Missouri, provided that
no legal or equitable title or interest of any person
to the same shall be abridged, injured, or preju-
diced.
The third section provides that whenever the
office of surveyor general of the district of Illinois
and Missouri shall be closed and discontinued ac-
cording to law, the office of recorder of land titles
in Missouri shall be also closed and discontinued,
and that all the records, maps, plots, field notes,
books, papers,andeverythingelse connected with,
or belonging to, said office, shall be delivered to the
State of Missouri in such a manner, and subject to
the same regulations* restrictions, and conditions
as are provided by law in regard to the office of
surveyor general; and that the Commissioner of
the General Land Office shall possess and exercise
all the powers, and perform all the duties required
bylaw to be possessed, exercised, or performed
by the said recorder.
The amendment reported by the committee was
to strike out the third section. m
Mr. NOELL With the consent of the House,
