1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I will make a brief statement explanatory of the
objects of this bill. An act was passed in 18(50,
pertaining to the adjustment of private land claims
in Missouri, and other States. It is necessary that
the surveyor general's office shall be kept open
until the purposes of that act are fulfilled; but there
is a general law providing for the closing of sur-
veyor generals' offices, under the operation of
which this office in St. Louis would have been
closed. This would deprive claimants of the op-
portunity of procuring the records and archives of
that office, for the purpose of proving their land
claims under the act of 1860.
The object of the first section of the bill is to
postpone the closing of the surveyor general's
office until the expiration of the time allowed to
claimants under the act of 1860. The object of
the second section is to give to the citizens of St.
Louis, for school purposes, vacant lots in the
grand prairie common field attached to that city,
under the act of 13th June, 181% all lots in the
common field belonging to the city of St. Louis
were given to the city for school purposes; but
the boundaries of the city that were run in 1840
left a portion of the common field outside of the
municipal boundaries. Application has been made
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to assign these lots to the city, but he declined to
do so on the ground that the jurisdiction of the
"city did not embrace them. 'The second section
of this bill is to remedy this mistake, and give these
lots to the city of St. Louis, as intended by the
act of 1812. That is the whole object of the sec-
tion.
We propose to strike out the third section of
the bill, on the ground that until the time when
the act of I860 expires there will be no necessity
for it.
These are the whole objects of the bill. Its
application is confined exclusively to the city of
St. Louis and the inhabitants thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can the gentleman from
Missouri state the quantity of land proposed to be
thus relinquished to the city of St. Louis?
Mr. NOELL. Some three or four small lots
of land in the grand prairie common field. The
bill provides that no private rights or interests
shall be injuriously affected by it. One of these
lots of land is now occupied for barracks by the
United States. The board of public schools has
disposed of other lots, but cannot cnforce pay-
ment for them on account of this defect in title.
Another portion is now used by the public as a
fair ground.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Perhaps my friend from
Missouri can be a little more definite in regard to
the value of these lots than he is in regard to their
quantity.
Mr. NOELL. I am not able to state then-
value, but perhaps my colleague from the St. Louis
district [Mr. Blair] may be able to give that in-
formation. The bill was introduced by him, and
1 am satisfied, from a thoiough examination of
the whole question, that it is right, and that these
lots should be relinquished to the city, as was in-
tended by the act of ]812.
Mr. HOLMAN. [ would like to inquire fur-
ther whether these lands are situated within the
corporation limits of the city of St. Louis?
Mr. NOELL. They are not. They are situ-
ated on the grand piaiue common field. I beg
to repeat that the act of the 13th June, 1812, gave
these lands to the inhabitants of St. Louis—all
that were notowned by private individuals. They ]
were given for school purposes. But in the run- '
ning of the boundary lines these lands were, by
mistake, excluded, and remain undisposed of up
to this time, either by the United States or by the
board of public schools. The whole object of this
bill is to carry into effect the act of 1812, as it was
originally intended. There au- no private claims
to the lands. The Government has no claim to
them. Hut; under the present law, the Commis-
sioner of the General Laud Office is not able to
assign them.
Mr. HOLMAN. What would be the effect of
this act on the rights of the Government? I un-
derstand that a portion of these lands is now occu-
pied by the Government for a barrack.
Mr. NOELL. The Government occupies a.
portion of these lands under the boaid of public
schools. A portion of them weie disposed of to
private individuals, but the title cannot be per-
fected till this legislation is had.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the condition of the
land now occupied by the Government for what
is known as the Benton barracks?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This bill, Mr.
Speaker, proposes to release the title of the Gov-
ernment to land, which title the Government has
already released to the common schools of the city
of St. Louis. The act of 1812, of which my col-
league has spoken, donated to the public schools
all the town lots, out lots, and common field lots
that were not rightfully owned or claimed by other
persons. These lots were part of the grand prairie
common field lots, and were, by the very language
of the act of 1812, included m the grant to the city;
but in running the out-boundary of St. Louis a
portion, if not the whole, of the grand prairie
common field was left out of the city limits. The
Government has never set up any title to it; but
the title of the school board has never been per-
fected, while it is acknowledged that they have the
equitable title, and have disposed of a great por-
tion of the land to individuals. Some of it is
still retained by the school board for educational
purposes.
In reply to the gentleman from Indiana, I beg
leave to say that although the Government occu-
pies a portion of this land for the Benton barracks,
it is only a small portion (if it. It docs not, by any
means, constitute all that is occupied by that bar-
rack. The Government does not occupy it ex-
cept by the consent of the parties claiming to own
them, and who do really own them. The Gov-
ernment did not build these barracks upon these
grounds under the supposition that they had any
title to them. They built them upon a special
contract giving them the right to use and occupy
the grounds for the barracks until they should be
disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I will make this sugges-
tion. This is a matter of great importance in con-
nection with the occupation of these grounds by
barracks. 1 propose, in order to guard the bill,
to add at the end of the second section, as follows:
Provided, That no claim f-hall bo made against the Gov-
ernment of the United States /or the occupation of that
portion of said land? known as the Benton barracks.
Mr. NOELL. I will say to thcgentleman that
the Government occupied these lands under a spe-
cial agreement, and that no such claim can arise.
The amendment is, therefore, unnecessary.
Mr. BLAlll, of Missouri. I will state for the
information of the House and the gentleman from
Indiana, that under this agreement with the Gov-
ernment it is especially piovided that the Govern-
ment docs not pay at all for the occupation of these
lands. I consider the amendment, therefore, as
unnecessary, but if the gentleman wishes it, it
will do no harm to put it in. I say in response
to another inquiry, that these lands are of great
value.
Mr. NOELL. I sec no necessity for the amend-
ment, and I therefore decline to yield for the pur-
pose of allowing it to be offered. I demand the
previous question on the bill,
Mr. HOLMAN. I supposed I had the floor
and had the rjght to offer the amendment. I trust
the House will afford mc the opportunity to offer
jt. I will say to the gentleman from Missouri
that I think he labors under a mistake in regard
to the nature of this contract.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to the amendment being offered, and I hope my
colleague will permit it to be done.
Mr. NOELL. Very well; I yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I then offer the amendment
I have indicated, to come in at the end of the
second section.
Mr. NOELL. I now renew the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment offered by Mr. Holman was
agreed to.
The amendment reported by the committee to
strike out all of the second section was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to bo en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was rood the third time, and passed.
Mr. NOELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the lull was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLONIZATION MEETING.
Mr. SPAULDINGr. I have been requested by
the officers of the American Colonization Society
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the. use of the Representatives Hall be
granted to the American Colonization Society for its anni-
versary meeting on Tuesday, the 27th instant, at ijalf past
seven o'clock, p. m.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received and agreed to.
COLONIZATION.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present the memorial of
Leonard Dogget, George Bailey, and two hundred
and forty others, free colored persons, residing in
California, r>raymgCongress to provide the means
of colonization to some place where color will not
beconsidered a badge of degradation, and have it
printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may present
his petition, under the rule, at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. But not order it to
be printed. *
There being no objection, the memorial was
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate have
passed a resolution and bill of the House, of the
following titles:
Joint resolution (No. 25) for the sale of the ruins
of the Washington Infirmary; and
An act (No. 160) to promote the efficiency of the
dead letter office; the former without and the lat-
ter with amendments, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have also passed a bill of
the following title:
An act (No. 99) to provide for the protection
of overland emigrants to California, Oregon, and
Washington Territory; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. LOOMIS. I rise to a'question of privilege.
I call up the report of the Committee of Elections
in the case of the contested election for the first
district of Pennsylvania. I ask for the reading
of the resolutions reported by the majority of the
committee.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Rcsohcd, That William E. Lehman is not entitled to a
seat m tho Thirty-Seventh Congress, as the Representative
fioni the first congressional distuct in the State of Penn
sylvama.
Resolved, That John M. Butler entitled to a seat in
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, as the Representative fiom
the first congressional district in the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. LOOMIS. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio to offer an amendment, which, I under-
stand, he desires to offer at this time.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to amend the
resolutions just presented, by striking them out,
and inserting the following:
Resolved, That John M. Buticr is not entitled to a seat
in this House.
Resolved, That William E. Lehman is- entitled to a scat
in this House.
Mr. LOOMIS. I will endeavor to be very brief
in the remarks I may make in support of the con-
clusions of the majority of the committee in this
contest. Indeed, the real matter in controversy
lies within a very narrow compass in this case.
The simple question for us to determine is, which
of these two parties received the highest number
of legal votes? In order that we may understand
where to look for the best evidence bearing upon
this point, I will refer briefly to the leading pro-
visions of the laws of Pennsylvania relating to
elections.
The first district of Pennsylvania is composed
of the first, second, third, fourth, and seventh
wards, and of the first, second, and third divisions
of the fifth ward, m the city of Philadelphia. Said
wards are by law divided into election divisions,
as they are called in the law, or piecincts for
voting, of which there arc fifty-one such divisions
within the first congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania. The election at each of said divisions is
conducted by one judge and two inspectois, who
are chosen annually. Each of these inspectors
appoints one clerk who assists at the election,
and upon the application of twenty citizens, the
court of common pleas can appoint three watchers
to be present in each precinct. It is made the
