1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
the word " or," in the fifth line, and to insert m
lieu thereof the words " and on or before."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move to add
the following:
Provided, That the tax 011 all articles manufactured and
sold in pursuance of contracts made bona fide befoie the 3d
day of March, J 862, shall be paid by the purchasers thereof
under i emulations to be established by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
Mr. Chairman, I know that manufacturers are
in the habit of making contracts a long time ahead.
The manufacturers of railroad iron are especially
in the habit of making contracts a long way in
advance; and unless some such provision as I
have proposed be adopted, they will be compelled
to pay the tax upon the railroad iron which they
are to manufacture instead of the purchasers. It
has been said that, in the spirit of this law, the
taxes are to be levied upon the consumers and
purchasers, and not upon the manufacturers. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
stated m his speech that the manufacturers were
only the agents of the Government to collect this
tax from the consumers. My amendment carries
out that idea, and is in itself a just provision which
I hope will be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was ndopted.
Mr.HORTON. I move that the committee rise.
I want to see if we cannot do something to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HORTON moved that all debate upon the
sixty-seventh section in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be closed in one
minute after its consideration shall be again re-
sumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resol ve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill of the House (No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated the section pending
to be the sixty-seventh, to which various amend-
ments had been offered.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to insert
the words 44 within ten days;'" so that it would read:
Siir. . Andbcit farther cnactcd, That upon the amount*,
qmu.titles, and value.-* of goods, w.uos, m< rchandle, and
aiticles manufaetuied and sold, heieinaiter enumeiated,
the manulaeturer theieof shall pay to the collector of inter-
nal revenue within lu- distuet, monthly, or cut a day to be ;
pit/scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the !
duties on Mich manufaetuies; and lor neglect to pav such j
duties within ten days after demand, either pei<oriai or i
wutten, left at ins, hot, or tliutr house oi place of buMiic-*, [
oi manufactory, the amount of Midi duti-'s may be levied ■
upon the goods, ware*, and merchandise manutactuied by 1
any such manufacturer, &c. J
Theamendmentto theamendmentwasagreed to. j
Mr. HOOPER. I hope that my colleague's sub- i
stitute will be defeated as the best thing we can do. j
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order, i
even by unanimous consent. The Manual pro- !
vides that— |
Debate having be<m closed at a particular hour by order j
of the flou^e, it i* not competent for the committee, even j
by unanimous consent, to extend the time.'' j
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Can my i
colleague express an opinion, and especially if it
is a bad one, on this subject? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. He cannot.
The substitute was rejected.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved his amend-
ments to the section as it now stood.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move the
amendment I offered to the substitute, and which
was adopted to the section as it now stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I also move
my proviso to this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixty-eighth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 68. .Qnd he it fmther cnacted, That, for neglect or
refusal to pay the duties provided by this act on manufac-
tured omelet, as aforesaid, the articles on which such du-
ties shall have aeciued, or t-honld acciue, may be forfeited
to the United States, and may be sold or disposed of for the
benefit ot the same, in manner as shall be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction of
tiie Secretaiy of the Treastny. In such case the collector
or deputy collector may take possession of said articles, and
may maintain such possession in the premises and build-
ings where they may have been manufactured, or deposited,
or may be. He shall summon, giving reasonable notice to,
all parties intcicstcd, enjoining them to appear before the
assessor, or assistant assessor, at a day and hour in such
summons fi\ed, and then and theie to show cause, if any
there be, why, for such neglect or refusal, such articles
should not be declared lot feited to the United States. Such
persons oi parties mfei ested shall bo deemed to be the man-
ufactureisot the same, if they shall be at the time of taking
such possession upon the premises where manufaetuied;
if they shall at such time have been removed from the place
of manufacture, the parties interested shall be deemed to
be the person in whose custody or possession they shall
then be. Such summons shall In* served upon such parties
in person, or by leaving a copy thereof at the place of abode
or business of the puity to whom the same maybe directed.
In case no such patty or place can be found, which fact
shall be detenmned by the collectors return on the sum-
mons, such notice, in the nature of a summon1?, shall be
given by advertisement m one or more newspapers in the
distuet neaiestto the place of such sale. If, at or befoie
such hearing, such duties shall not have been paid, and the
assessor oi assistant assessor shall adjudge the summons
and notice, service and return of the same, to be sufficient,
the said aiucles shall be declared forfeit, and shall be sold,
disposed of, or turned over to the use of any department of
the Government, as maybe daectcd by the Secietary of the
Treasury, who may icquire of any officer ot the Govern-
ment into whose possession the same may be turned over
the proper vouchei therefor. The Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasuiy, may rnvievv any such ease of forleituie, and do
justice in the pieuiises. If the fotfeiture shall have been
wrongly deeiaicd, and sale made, the Secretary is lie re by
authorized, in case the specific articles cannot be restored
to the party nggncved m a* good Older and condition as
when seized, to make up to such party in money his loss
and damage fiom the contingent fund of his Department.
Immediate' tetmn of ^eizuies so foifeitcd shall be made to
the ComrmsHonei of Internal Revenue by the collector or
deputy eohectoi who shall make any Mich seizure. Arti-
cles which the collector may adjudge perishable may be
sold oi di-pox-d of belorc doclaianon of forfeiture.
Air. HOOPER. In the eighteenth and twenty-
second lines, I move to strike out the word
they," and in lieu of it to insert " the articles."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN moved to add the following at the
end of the section:
Said sale shall be made at public auction, and notice
thereof shall be given in the same mannei as is prescribed in
this -ection in ca<e ot forteituie.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to strike
out the words " reasonable notice," and in lieu
thereof to insert,(t not less than five nor more than
ten days."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to cor-
rect the phiasoologv by making the section read:
Fie shall summon all pei&ons or parties interested by giv-
ing notice, &e.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move to strike
out all after the word 44 aforesaid," to and includ-
ing the word "income," and in lieu thereof to
insert the words, " all goods, wares, and merchan-
dise manufactuied and unsold by such manufac-
turer, "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I move to strike out the word
(< or." I make the motion merely for the purpose
of saying a word on this section. The language
employed seems to me to be indefinite and exceed-
ingly objectionable. It provides that reasonable
notice shall be given to all parties enjoining them
to appear before the assessor. What kind of no-
tice does the bill propose to give < Personal notice
or notice by publication r The bill does not say.
This section should be amended m some way, so
that the peison in possession could be notified,
and so that that notice may be valid. Where the
law does not provide the kind of notice to be given,
the notice, in contemplation of law, is notice by
personal service, not notice by publication, not
notice in newspapers, nor any other kind of no-
tice, except that which is brought to the observa-
tion of the person upon whom it is served. The
section reads, " he shall summon, giving reason-
able notice." What is reasonable notice?
Mr. IiORTON. What is the question before
the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman from New
York moved an amendment.
Mr. OLIN. I moved to strike out a certain
word in order to call the attention of the gentle-
man to this provision to which I have been speak-
ing. My remarks have not been confined to the
particular word I moved to strike out, but they
were directed to some matters of importance, as
the gentleman from Ohio will see, if he pays at-
tention to what I say. The words are, I repeat,
"he shall summon, giving reasonable notice."
Let me call the gentleman's attention to the mean-
ing of that. What is reasonable notice in law?
Who is to determine that? Why, the assessor,
in the first place, and then the court, if contro-
versy shall arise, will determine, as a question of
law, whether the notice is reasonable.
Again: it is provided that notice shall be given
to " all parties interested." How? Letmetake
a case of a manufacture or sale of goods by a firm
where there are half a dozen silent partners whose
names never appear in the transaction of business,
and whom nobody knows are interested. Now,
unless you give the notice to every person so in-
terested in the goods, your whole proceeding is
void. It is a proceeding under a statute, and a
strict compliance with its provision is necessary.
Then, if fifty persons are interested in the goods,
and you give notice to forty-nine, and the fiftieth
person is not served, your proceeding is void.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HORTON. I will say, before making a
motion to amend, that I should take it very kindly
if the gentleman from New York would make a
motion which would accomplish his purpose. I
appreciate his object, and would like to have him
point out the mode by which his object can be
accomplished.
Mr. OLIN. I will do so, if the gentleman will
give me an opportunity. I withdraw my verbal
amendment. In the first,place, I would say that
" he shall give notice not less than five, nor ex-
ceeding ten days;" and then I would sayhe
shall give notice by personal service, in writing,
to the person in possession of the goods, and who
shall be deemed, for the purpose of serving such
notice, the owner."
Mr. HORTON. I should have no great objec-
tion to that. I will only state that if the gentleman
had read two or three lines further on, he would
have found the persons in interest specially des-
ignated. He would have found that the party
having custody and possession of the goods is the
party interested.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
New York indicate his amendments?
Mr. OLIN. 1 move, in the twelfth line, to
strike out the word " interested, " and insert
-arties in possession of such goods."
e amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. In the twentieth line I move to
strike out after the word "manufactured" the
words," if they shall at such time have been re-
moved from the place of manufacture."
Mr. HARRISON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York whether the object he
seeks to accomplish will not be attained by in-
serting after the word <{States"in the seventeenth
line, the words, " service upon one member of a
firm or company shall be deemed service upon
such firm or company.}>
Mr. OLIN. I prefer my amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It will be ob-
served that there is no provision made in this sec-
tion for refunding any excess that there mav be
from the sales of goods that have been seized and
forfeited for the non-payment of taxes. It seems
to me such a provision should be incorporated in
the bill, and for that purpose I move the following
amendment, to come in after the word " there-
fore" in the thirty-ninth line:
Provided, That the proceeds of the sale of t-aid ai tides,
if any there be, after deducting the duties thereon, together
with the expenses of summon*, advertising, and sales, or
the excess of the value of said auteles after deducting the
duties and expenses accruing theieon, when turned over to
the u e of any department of the Government, shall be re-
funded and paid to the manufacturer or to the person in
whose custody or possession the articles weie when seised.
The effect of the amendment is to provide that
if there be an excess of value after all the duties
have been paid, and all the expenses of levy and
sale, that excess shall be turned over to the ori-
