366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
.duty of the judge in every election division on the
night of the election to make out and subscribe a
certificate of the votes there given, and on the next
day to file the same with the prothonotary of the
court of common pleas, and to return a duplicate
of the same to a meeting of all the judges and in-
spectors from the several divisions of the ward,
who are required to ascertain the vote of the ward,
and return the same by one of their number, duly
elected by them as return judge for such ward,
to a meeting of the board of return judges, to be
holden at the State House on the Friday next suc-
ceeding the election, whose duty it is to add to-
gether all the ward returns and issue the certifi-
cate of election.
The law of Pennsylvania also provides, as may
be found in Purdon's Digest, section fifty-five,
page 287, as follows:
" Aa soon as the election Miall !h; finished, the lid-cls, list
oftaxabies, one of the Jists of voters, tile tally papens, and
One of the certificates of the oath or affirmation taken and
subscribed by the inspectors, judires, and clerks, shall all
bo carefully collected and deposited in one or more ot the '
ballot-boxes, and .such box or boxes, being e!oM:ly bound !
round with tape, shall be sealed by tile inspectors and the j
judge of tiie election, and to!;etilcr'wilh the lemalnini,' bal
lot-boxes shall, within one day thereafter, be doliveied by i
one of the iaspeetois to the neaie.st justice of the peace,
who shall keep such boxes, containing the tickets and other
documents, to answer the call of any peison 01 tribunal
authorized to try the merits of such election."
It will be seen, therefore, that the law of Penn-
sylvania directs us to three sources of ^videnee,
when we seek to ascertain the number of votes
which any particular candidate has received. In
the first place, there is the general return or cer-
tificate of the board of return judges, summing up
and announcing the general result. In the next
place, there are the separate division returns, as
filed in the office of the prothonotaiy of the court
of common pleas; and, in the third place, we have
the ballots themselves carefully sealed up by di-
rection of the law, and deposited with the nearest
alderman or justice of the peace, " to answer the
call of any person 01- tribunal authorized to try
the merits of the election."
The election out of which this con test has arisen
took place 011 Tuesday, the 9th of October, 1860.
Three persons were then voted for for the office of
Representative to Congress from this first district,
viz: William E. Lehman, (the sitting member,)
John M. Butler, (the contestant,) and Edward
King; and at a meeting of the board of return
judges, held on the 12th of October, f8G0, accord-
ing to law,it was certified,in the manner provided
by law, that John M. Butler had received 8,581
votes; William E. Lehman, 8,383 votes; and Ed-
ward King, 2,057 votes. It was accordingly de-
clared that John M. Butler was duly elected Rep-
resentative from the first congressional district of
Pennsylvania
In this case it will be seen that the general re-
turn was 111 favor of the contestant. This general
return is made up from the separate division re-
turns of the distiict, and is of course liable to be
impeached, on going back to those division re-
turns. But in this ca^e, upon footing up the divis- j
ion returns, it appeared that Lehman had a pin- |
rality of 132 votes. It was also shown that one !
Will jam Byerly, the return judge from the fourth i
ward, when he carried to the board of return '
judges the votes of that ward, substituted a forged
return for the genuine one. But none of the di-
vision returns we re alteied by Byeily. fie was
convicted for making- that forged return. The
sitting member rests his case upon the division
returns, and claim* that he has a plurality of 132
votes over the contestant.
Now, then, if these division returns are correct
it is of course established that Mr. Lehman is
entitled to his scat. But are they correct? You
will bear in mind that these returns from divisions
are made up from the contents of the ballot-boxes,
which are required to be sealed up immediately
after the counting, and even before the division
returns are made. These ballots then are made a
part of the legal evidence under the laws of Penn-
sylvania, just as much as the division returns; and
it is file only evidence i may say provided bylaw j
to verify or to contradict those division leturns. i
These ballots are the source androot of the whole j
matter in every such case to furnish evidence com- j
ing directly, and the only evidence coming directly j
from the voters themselves; and to those ballots
the contestant appeals to furnish him a right to a
seat in this House.
In his notice of contest to the sitting member,
the contestantspecified that the election officers in
the eighth division of the first ward, the first, sec-
ond, third, seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth di-
visions of the second ward, the second, third,
sixth, and seventh divisions of the third ward, the
sixth, seventh, and eighth divisions of the fourth
ward, and in the seventh and eighth divisions of
the seventh ward, respectively,made false certifi-
cates of the number of votes cast at said election,
in their respective divisions, for member of Con-
gress, and filed the'same in the office of the pro-
thonotary in the court of common pleas; and that
said officers falsely and fraudulently counted and
certified divers votes—a particular number being
specified in each case—in favor of the sitting
member, that had been fairly and legally cast and
voted for the contestant; and to sustain the alle-
gations thus made the contestant gave due notice
that he should claim and ask to have a count of
the ballots in the several ballot-boxes of the afore-
said divisions and wards. In pursuance of that
notice, a recount of the ballots in this case was
had before the recorder of the city of Philadel-
phia, and in the presence of both parties to this
contest and their counsel. The result of that
recount will be found on page 4 of the majority
report.
In the first ward,eighthdivision,theofficial vote
gave Butler 160, Lehman 214, King 31. Upon a
recount in the same division it was found the vote
was, for Butler 15G, Lehman 209, and King 31,
so that Butlei gained one vote.
In the second division of the second ward, the
official vote was, for Butler 229. Lehman 134, and
King 39, The recount shows, for Butler 252,
Lehman 122, and King 26, making Butler's gain
35 votes.
In the third ward, second division, the official
vote gave Butler 112, Lehman 117, King 59. The
recount in the same division is, Butler 15"/, Leh-
man 92, King 33, making Butler's gain 70 votes.
In the thiid division of the third ward, as well
as in the sixth division of the third ward, the
recount agrees with the official vote.
In the seventh division of the third ward, the
official vote was, Butler 128, Lehman 311, King
22. The recount showed for Butler 129, Lehman
309, and King 20, making a gain for Butler of 3
votes.
In the seventh ward, eighth division, the official
vote was, Butler 165, Lehman 238, and King 12,
and the recount showed, for Butler 175, Lehman
228, and for King 12, so that Butler gained 20
votes.
In the sixth division of the fourth ward the
official vote was, Butler 61, Lehman 232, King 5;
the recountgave Butler 64, Lehman 228, King 6—
gain for Butler 7 votes. In the seventh division
the official vote was, Butler 44, Lehman 230, King
5; the recount gave Butler 53, Lehman 218, King
7—gain for Butler 21 votes. In the eighth divis-
ion the official vote was, Butler 119, Lehman 265,
King 41; a recountgave Butler 123, Lehman 260,
King 40, John Butler 1-—gain for Butler 10 votes.
In the ninth division the official vote was, Butler
176, Lehman 10-1, King 14; the recount gave But-
ler 176, Lehman 109, King 10—gain for Butler 5
votes.
The following; recapitulation shows the total
gain for Butler in the foregoing divisions:
Fir&t ward, eighth division  1
Second ward, sccoiul division  35
Timd ward, second division      70
Third ward.scvi'uth division  3
Seventh ward, eighth division  20
Fourth waul, sixth dmsion  7
Fourth waid, eighth division % .... 10
Fouith ward, seventh division  qj
Fouith waul, ninth division  5
Total gain for Butler  j~o
That gain, of course, Mr. Speaker, overcomes
the majority which Mr. Lehman claims, and
leaves a majority for the contestant of 40 votes.
Jn order to command confidence ip this recount
ot the ballots, I admit most fully that it is neces-
sary to establish the identity of the ballot-boxes.
I have not a shadow of doubt that the right boxes
were obtained and counted. It was welFnigh im-
possible, in my judgment, when both parties were
present, with able counsel, to watch every circum-
stance in the case, that the boxes of one division
should have been counted,and allowed for another
division. The evidence will show that, at the time
the boxes were counted, there was no controversy
between the parties on the question of identity,
except in a single instance. The contestant wished
to open the box in the seventh division of the fourth
ward. The first box they opened for that purpose
the sitting member claimed to be the ninth divis-
ion, instead of the seventh division; but the con-
testant subsequently admitted that that claim was
correct. So far as the evidence discloses any thing
which took place, that is the only case where there
was a controversy as to the identity of a box, and
the contestant yielded to the claim of the sitting
member. The next box opened for the seventh
division of the fourth ward the sitting member did
notdispute. He has,of course,the benefitof what-
ever want of evidence there may be for the identity
of those boxes; but he did not deny the identity
of the second box opened for the seventh division,
as he did dispute the first one that was opened.
It should be borne in mind that these alderanen
have only three or four boxe^, at the most, con-
taining ballots cast at any one election, in their
possession. In the case of the disputed boxes in
this case, neither of the aldermen had over four
boxes, so that all can see that a comparison could
readily be made between the four boxes to ascer-
tain their identity. You could compare them with
the official returns, with the customary number
of votes that are cast in the several divisions, and,
with other circumstances, to identify in a reason-
able manner three several boxes, and the divisions
to which they belong. But the sitting member
made no controversy, and that should be dis-
tinctly borne in mind, except as to three boxes.
The dispute is confined to three boxes, and to
three boxes alone. They are the second division
of the third ward, where the recount gave the con-
testant 70 votes; the second division of the second
ward, where he gained 35 votes', and the seventh
division of the fourth ward, where he gained 21
votes.
The inquiry as to the identity of these boxes
is narrowed down to a very small compass—to
these three boxes already mentioned. Of these
three, Alderman Carter received two, and Alder-
man McMullen one. Alderman Carter received
in all the boxes of three divisions; namely, the
second division of the third ward, which is a dis-
puted box; the second division of the second ward,
another disputed box; and the third division of
the third ward, which is not disputed. One of
these boxes, namely, that of the second division
of the second ward, was marked by one of the
judges of the election at the time, and by him
positively identified, which will be found m the
printed testimony, page 81. This identifies one
of the disputed boxes, and nairows the contro-
versy to the two remaining boxes, which are those
of the third division of the third ward and of the
second division of the third ward. Now, the
recount of the third division of the third ward
agrees perfectly with the official return as to the
vote for Butler and for Lehman and for King;
and no one will question but what that is suffi-
ciently identified. Of course, then, this disposes
of all the boxes in thehandsof Alderman Carter;
and it is certain as mathematics can make it, that
the disputed boxes m the hands of Alderman
Carter have been perfectly identified.
Alderman McMullen received the other dispu-
ted box, which is that of the seventh division of
the fourth ward. Besides this he had three other
boxes, to wit: those ofthe sixth,eighth, and ninth
divisions ofthe fourth ward. In the sixth divis-
ion of that ward, the aggregate of votes agrees
perfectly with the official return, in the eighth
division itis one less. There appears to have been
little difficulty in identifying these boxes before
they were opened, and there was no particular
controversy upon the subject. The box for the
ninth division was opened* by mistake for that of
the seventh, as I have mentioned, and it was
claimed by the sitting member at the time to be the
box of the ninth division. Of course that is suf-
ficiently identified. But all these boxes M'e boxes
which were not disputed in the hearing before the
committee. They are considered as admitted, and
of course it leaves only that disputed box, to wit,
the seventh division ofthe fourth ward, remaining
with McMullen, and it is identified.
It seems to me, then, that the result of this re-
count should be conclusive. Why not, unless
something is shown to overcome it?
Mr. WORCESTER. Will the gentleman allow
