THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
It must be apparent to every one that it is due to
these gentlemen, due in fact to this State of West-
ern Virginia, that some decision be had. The
liope deferred in this matter maketh the heart sick;
and I think it is due to that people, who arc loyal,
who are true, that at least the Senate should act.
If they are not to come in under their constitution,
they ought to know it. If they are to come in,
they certainly should know it. I think it is in-
flicting a great injury on them not to decide the
question one way or the other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to pro-
ceed to the consideiation of the bill for the admis-
sion of West Virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carltle, Clark, Coliamer, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grime, Hale, Ham*, Henderson, Howe,
Lane oflndiaiki, Lane of Kansas, Pomcioy, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Smrk, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, Wil-
ley, Wiimot, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—25.
NAYS— iUesssts. Anthony, Bayaid, Biowntng, Chandler,
Doolitrlo, Kennedy, Kins, Powell, Sauisbury, Tiumbull,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—-U.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 365) providing for
the admission of the State of West Virginia into
the Union, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Sumneii, in lines sixteen and
seventeen of the first section, to strike out the
words " the children of all slaves born within the
9imits of said State shall be free," and to insert in
Jicu thereof:
Within the limits of said State there shall be neither sla-
Veiy nor involuntaiy servitude, otherwi.se than in the pun-
ishmeutofcrime whereof the paity shall be duly convicted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* Upon this
amendment the yeas and nays have been ordeied.
The question beijpg taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clink, Grimes, King, Lane of
itanens, I'mucroy, Sumner,Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilmot,
and Wilson o! Massachusetts—11.
NAYS—Messrs'. Anthony, Bayard, Urownms;, Cailile,
•Collamor, Dooliule, Foot, Fo-act, llanM, Henderson,
51owe, Kennedy, J,anG of Indiana, Pmvell, ltice, Saulsbury,
■Sherman, Simmons, Staik, Ten Eyck, Wade, Willey,
Wilson ol Mii-houri, and VVught— 24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLEY. I wish to make a verbal amend-
ment to the preamble.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The preamble
is not in order to bo amended until the body of the
•bill shall be perfected.
Mr. "WILLEY. I now offer the amendment
which has been printed and laid on the tables of
Senators.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out ail the bill aftei llicseeomHinemtho iirst .sec-
tion, excepting the In.st .section, and insert:
Thar West Virginia is heieb} admitted into this Union
on an equal footing with the original State* in all i expects
whatever, upon the fundamental conditions that from and
after the 4th day of July, l&>y,ibc child i en of all slaves horn
within the limits of said State shall be free, and that no law
tshitll &e passed by said State by which any citizen of cither
of the States in this Union shall be excluded trom the en-
joyment of any of the puviloges and Immunities to which
such citizen is entitled under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Suites: Provided, That the convention that ordained
the constitution ufoiesaid, to he reconvened in the manner
prescribed in the schedule thereto annexed, -hall, by a sol-
emn public ordinance, declare the ardent of the said State
to the said fundamental conditions, and shall Manumit to
the Presidentof the United Statea, on or before the |<vh day
of November. IBG-i, an authentic copy ot said ordinance;
upon the receipt wiu-ieof, the President, bv proclamation,
shall announce the fact; whcieupon, <uul without auv tur-
thor ,proceeding on the part of Uongresc, tlie admission of
i?ak! State uito the Union shall be consideied as complete.
Mr. WADE. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer to the amendment. It seems to me
reasonable that some provision should be made for
slaves that are born just before the period fixed as
well as for all bom after wauls who are to be free.
I move to amend the amendment of the Senator
from Viigima by inserting after the word "free,"
in the eighth line, the words, "and that all slaves
within the said States who shall at the time afore-
said be under twenty-one years of age, shall be
free when they arrive at the a^e of twenty-one."
1 hope the Senators from Virginia will agree to
it. I know it is a pietty strong movement in the
direction-of anti-slavery principle, but it asks no
sacrifice of principle from the people there. It will
make their bill run much smoother in the other
House and much smoother with us. Gentlemen
must be well aware that the vote I have just given
against the proposition of my friend from Massa-
chusetts was a very harsh and unsavory vote for-
me to give, but 1 thought it inharmonious and in-
consistent with the real purpose we all had in view
in admitting this new State. Still, it does seem
to me that when we are making provision that the
children of all slaves that shall be born after the
4th of July, 1863, shall be free absolutely, it is no
more than right to say that all the children in the
State at that period, who are under the a^e of
twenty-one, shall be free as soon as they arrive at
that age. That places them on the footing of all
other persons, and still leaves a great residuum Of
slave population there that it does not interfere
withf it leaves some rather hard cases undoubt-
edly; but then there are a great many of that class
who are old, who have been in families a great
while, and to whom probably it would be no great
favor to interfere with their status. This provision
I think is necessary. There is something exceed-
ingly harsh and abrupt in the provisions of this
bill unless it is smoothed down, softened,and ren-
dered harmonious by such a provision as I now
offer.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to inquireof the chair-
man whether, as the amendment now stands, it
extends to all the counties named in the commit-
tee's bill, or only to those counties covered by the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia?
Mr. WADE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment. 1 suppose his amendment will be adopted,
and the original bill rejected. I have no doubt that
that is not to pass. This will be a substitute, as 1
understand, for the bill reported by the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. This, then, is an amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; it is an amendment-,
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia,
cause his proposition is the only one, I suppdse,
t}iat will receive favor here. For myself, I am
not now disposed to go for the original measure.
I am satisfied that it would not be veiy safe legis-
lation for 41s to admit the State under that first
arrangement, and I suppose there is no idea here
now of doing that. 1 suppose if the State is ad-
mitted it will be under the amendment ofFeredby
the Senator from Virginia, and I hope as amended
by myself. I hope my amendment will be agreed
to.
Mr. WILLEY. It is hardly necessary for me
to say that i should have greatly preferred, if the
State of West Virginia is to be admitteS, that it
should be according to the constitution exactly as
it was .submitted by that portion of the people of
Virginia, without any condition and without any
amendment. But, sir, fooling that the views, sen-
timents, and opinions of others in this body are
entitled to all respect, 1 have deemed it but right
to make an advance beyond what was personally
agreeable to myself, and to offer the proposition,
by way of amendment, which was read at the
desk a while ago; and I had hoped that it would
be the pleasure of the Senator from Ohio to allow
the sense of the Senate to be taken on that amend-
ment. I appreciate very highly the motives oper-
ating upon that Senator; I appreciate very highly
and very gratefully the active cooperation he has
given me in the progress of this matter; and 1 wish
just here to make, very respectfully, some sugges-
tions which I think very worthy of consideration.
1 wish to suggest to the Senator from Ohio what
will be the operation of his amendment if it pre-
vails. I hope he will believe me when I say that
in whatever form this bill shall pass, if it pass at
all, the interests, the welfare, of the negro should
by; no means be overlooked; but I submit to him
this consideration, whether practically and in point
of fact the operation of his amendment, if passed,
will not be prejudicial to the welfare and the in-
tests of that portion of the slaves to be affected by
it. If it pass, the result will be that all slaves
under twenty-one years of age will be made free
when they arrive at twenty-one years of age. That
will embrace all a^es from twenty-one down to
one year. Nearly all those slaves now are in coun-
ties lying along the borders, or what will be the
borders of the old State of Virginia if this bill
passes. What will he the practical result? Nearly
all these young slaves, instead of remaining at
home under the mild system of usageand govern-
ment which necessarily prevails within all the sec-
tion proposed to be embraced in this new State,
will be silently, at about a convenient age for sale,
transferred across the border which lies at hand,
either into Kentucky or into Virginia, or if need
be, further south, into the cotton fields *of the
South,and there sold. Thus, instead of operating
so as to secure the freedom of the class of negroes
to be affected by this amendment, it will transfer
them from slavery under its mild form in West
Virginia to the cotton fields of the South, or the
tobacco fields of the east, almost inevitably.
Another consideration: many of these are fe*
males, and if you would allow them to remain in
the State all their offspring would be free. Pass
this amendment, and they will be not only trans-
ferred to a worse form of slavery in a worse cli-
mate, to which they are not accustomed, but the
offspring of all such as will be sold and transferred
to the South will also forever remain in slavery,
whereas if they remain in the State of West Vir-
ginia their offspring will be free.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLEY. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will public sentiment
in this new State sanction such action?
Mr. WILLEY. 1 will answer the Senator. I
have already stated to the Senator, if I caught his
ear, that nearly all these slaves lie in the counties
of West Virginia which are contiguous to the old
part of the State and to Kentucky, and they will be
silently transferred. Public sentiment will know
nothing about it. Public sentiment will not be af-
fected by it. They will be silently transferred,
and it will be impossible, in my estimation, to stop
the transfer. • And now I submit a question to the
Senator who propounded one to me: with his
views—I say nothing of my own—of the feelings
of regard for public sentiment of the owners of these
young slaves, who would thus sell them to the
South, does he concede that they would be apt to
be influenced by public sentiment? I can assure
the Senator that such will be the practical result
of this amendment if it is adopted.
I wish to make another suggestion to the Sena-
tor and to the Senate. We have within West
Virginia a very considerable amount of secession
sentiment yet. It is silent; it is under the ban of
public opinion; it at present cowprs, but it will
avail itself of anything by which it may possibly
stir up the prejudices of the people, and this will
be used as an element and as an instrument by
which an effort will be made to defeat this whole
measure, and to prevent the convention, that it is
proposed to reconvene, from adopting the funda-
mental proposition suggested, and the result of
that will be that all the slaves in West Virginia
will retain their present status, and there will be
no freedom either to those who are living or to
those who may be born.
I wish to make the furthersuggestion, whether,
after the exhibition of loyalty to the Union, of
fidelity to this Government, and after the exhibi-
tion of the publicsentiment of that section of the
State in regard to this matter, it is not a question
which may safely and well be left to the manage-
ment of public sentiment within the State. The
passage of this amendment will tend to embarrass
us. We have already embarrassments enough;
we have already in this struggle for a State, and
for a free State, a load sufficiently burdensome to
carry; and I had hoped that it would be consist-
ent with the feelings and the wishes and the prin-
ciplesof the honorable Senator fromOhio, toallow
us to carry my amendment, if it be the sentiment
of the Senate that it shall be carried, virtually
giving to this Union what I have no doubt he so
much desires, and the majority of the Senate so
much desire, a free State in due time, and ac-
cording to that plan of gradual emancipation which
has been followed in ail the present fiee States
where slavery existed at the time of the Revolu-
tion. There, I believe, the slaves in esse were
never freed; they were left slaves for life; and then
the children who were freed were not set at lib-
erty until twenty-five, twenty-seven,and twenty-
eight years of age in many instances; seeing:, as
our wise fathers did see, that it was not only best
for the interests of the masters and the welfare
of the State, but was likewise belter for the wel-
fare of the slave himself, that this plan and pro-
cess of gradual emancipation should be the one
adopted.
I do not wish to detain the Senate in regard to
this question. If it be the pleasure of the'Senate
to pass this amendment, I would respectfully sug-
gest to the Senator from Ohio that he fix the age
at twenty-five or twenty-seven years, or something
