1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
ginal proprietor or owner of the goods. That, I
suppose, will meet with no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER. The committee has fixed
the time of notice, when served personally upon
the party, at not less than five nor more than ten
days; but where the notice is by advertisement
no time of notice is prescribed by the bill as it
now stands. I therefore, for the purpose of fix-
ing the time, move to amend, in the twenty-ninth
line, by inserting after the word " advertisement"
the words " for the term of three weeks;" so that
the clause shall read:
Such notice, in the nature of a summons, shall be given
by advertisement for the term of three weeks, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER. In line twenty-nine, I
move to strike out the words " or more;" so that
the clause shall read, " in one newspaper."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. After conference with the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Steele,] upon
whose motion the words " reasonable notice," in
the twelfth line, were stricken out, and the words
" not less than five nor more than ten" inserted,
it was concluded that five days might be too long
a notice in case of perishable property. I there-
fore move to strikeout" five, and insert" two."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to amend
the sixty-ninth section, by striking out the words
" neglect" and " neglecting" wherever they oc-
cur, and inserting in lieu thereof the words " re-
fusal" and " refusing." It seems to me that so
large a penalty as $500 ought not to bo enforced
upon a mere neglect, but only upon a refusal. If
the amendments are agreed to, the section will
read:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That any violation of, or re-
fusal to comply with, the provisions of the sixty-sixth sec-
tion of this act, shall be good cause for seizure and forfeit-
ure, substantially in manner as detailed in the section next
preceding this, of all manufactured articles liable to be as-
sessed under the provisions of this act, and not othei wise
provided for; and such violation orrelusal to comply shall
further make any party «o violating or refusing to comply,
liable to a fine of $500, to be recovered m manner and form
as provided in this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The seventieth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 70, J3nd be it farther enacted, That m case of the man-
ufacture and sale of any goods, wares, meichandise,or ai ti-
des as hereinafter mentioned, without compliance on the
part of the party manufacturing the same with all or any of
the requirements and regulation*; prescribed in tins net in
relation theieto, the assistant assessor may, upon such in-
formation a<* he may have, assume and estimate the amount
and value of such manufacturer, and upon such assumed
amount assess the duties, arid said duties shall be collected
in like manner as in case the provisions of this act m rela-
tion thereto had been complied with, and to such articles
all the foregoing provisions for liens, fines, penalties, and
forfeitures, shall in like manner apply.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend in the sec-
ond line, by inserting after the word "sale" the
words " or delivery."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAW. I move to amend by inserting
after the words " assistant assessor, the words
" with the aid of two freeholders." It seems to
me that this section gives a tremendous power to
the assessor. He is to view the property and
make his own estimate. I think he ought to have
connected with him two freeholders to assist in
the performance of that duty. We cannot tell
who the assessor may be. He may be an honest
man, but he may also be a scoundrel.
Mr. HORTON. I do not see what knowledge
two freeholders would have in matters of man-
ufactures and things of that kind. I believe I
may safely say that in all State legislation this
same power is conferred upon the same officer. It
is so m the State of Ohio. I hope the amendment
will not prevail.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The seventy-first section was read.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the word
" stem,"in the sixth line, and insert " stemmed,"
as applied to tobacco.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to insert after the word
" product, "inline seven, the words "made by any
one person or by his family, who shall be depend-
ent thereon for support." The section will then
read ;
Sec. 71. Jlndbeit further enacted, That all goods, wares,
and merchandise, or aitieles manufactuiecl oi made by any
person or persons not for ^ale, but for his her, or thou- own
use or consumption ; and all goods, waies, and merchan-
dise or articles, manutactured or made and sold, except
spirituous and malt liquors, and leaf, stemmed, oi manufac-
tured tobacco, where the annual product made by any one
person, or by his family who shall be dependent thereon
for support, shall not exceed the sum of $600, shall be and
are exempt from duty: Provided, That this shall not apply
to any business or transaction where one party furnishes
the materials, or any part thereof, and employs another
party to manufaetuie, make, or finish the goods, wares, and
merchandise or articles, paying or promising to pay there-
for, and receiving the goods, wares, and merchandise or
articles; but in all such cases the party lurnishing the ma-
terials and receiving the goods, wares, merchandise or ar-
ticles, shaU--be liable to and charged with allaccrumgduties
thereon.
The object is to exempt from taxation goods to
the extent of $600 in any case where the manu-
facturer produces that amount by his own labor,
or by the help of his family whom he supports.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS. I offer the following as an
amendment to the seventy-first section:
Sn ike out all after the wont " i.-oiisumpUon,'* in tlie
fourth line, to the word " provided," in the eighth line, and
insert, " shall be exempted fiom duty, and all producers
or manufacturers of all goods, ware?,and merchandise,or
articles manufactured or made and sold, shall have exempt
fiom duty an annual value not exceeding .$600 so that
it will read:
That all goods, waies, and mcichandise orarticles man-
ufactured or made by any poison 01 poison** not for sale,
but for his, hei, or their own u^e or consumption, shall be
exempt from duty; and a'l producer-* or manufactmeis of
all goods, wares, and merchandise, 01 ai tides manufactured
or made and sold, shall have exempt from duty an annual
value not exceeding $600.
Mr. Chairman, by the twenty-fifth paragraph
of the sixty-second section we have provided that
manufacturers shall pay ten dollars for each li-
cense, and that any person or persons, firms, com-
panies, or corporations, who shall manufacture by
hand or machinery, and offer for sale any goods,
waies, or merchandise, exceeding annually the
sum of $],000, shall be regarded a manufacturer
under this act. This section as it now stands,
provides:
That all good*, wares, and merchandise, or articles man-
ufactured or made by any person or persons not for sale,
butloi his, her, oi their own use oi consumption ; and all
c;oods, waies, and merchandise or articles manufactured
or made and sold, except spmtuous and malt liquors and
leaf, stemmed, or manufaetmed tobacco, whete the annual
product shall not exceed the sum of $000, shall be, and aie,
exempt fiom duty.
I cannot conceive why it is that a manufacturer
who manufactures less than a thousand dollars5
worth should be exempt from paying a license,
and the farmer or small manufacturer, who does
not pay a license, but who manufactures between
six hundred and a thousand dollars' worth, should
be required to pay a tax upon his products. I
cannot conceive why the fanner, who produces
six hundred dollars'worth of tobacco, for instance,
should not have exempt from duty as much in
value as the manufacturers of shoes, or calico, or
anything else. It seems to me that this provision
excluding the farmer who produces tobacco to the
value of $600 from exemption, is an odious dis-
tinction,and one which should not obtain in this
House. Why is it that the man who produces
tobacco should be liable to a tax of three cents
per pound, while the small manufacturers of shoes
and other articles are exempt from taxation? I
say, Mr. Chairman, that this law ought to operate
equally and justly upon all interests; it should
make no invidious distinctions. The man who
is engaged in the cultivation of tobacco is as much
entitled to an exemption as the man who is en-
gaged in manufacturing any other article which
is subject to taxation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HORTON. I beg that my colleague will
not suppose that the Committee of Ways and
Means have any special enmity towards the farm-
ing interest. We have stood up here against our
; friends who were anxious to tax liquor extrava-
gantly and have defended the farmer. We have not
levied taxes upon the farmer m any shape or form
that I am aware of to any greater extent than we
have upon other classes, and, perhaps, not to so
gjreat an extent. I think there is no provision in
the bill that taxes anything that the farmer raises
until it goes into the hands of the consumer, ex-
cepting,"perhaps, the item of tobacco; and I sug-
gest to my colleague, who is so zealous m the to-
bacco interest, that if he chooses to strike a balance
he will find it in favor of the farming interest.
Perhaps, next to my colleague, I represent the
| largest tobacco interest in the State of Ohio, and
I take the lesponsibihty of saying that the fann-
ing interest cannot fairly find any fault with the
Committee of Ways and Means or with this bill.
If any allegation can be made against the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, it is that the manu-
facturing interest has been taxed to the utmost,
and if any interest has been exempted it is the
farming interest.
Mr. Morris's amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRIS. I move to insert after the word
" duty," in the eighth line, the following:
Provided, That each and every producer or grower shall
have exempt fiom duty an annual value of leaf tobacco not
exceeding the sum of $600.
In - continuation of the remarks which I have
already made upon this subject, 1 wish to say that
my region of country is emphatically a tobacco-
growing country,and produces more tobacco than
any other district in the free States. More than
the whole six New England States put together—
nearly double as much as the whole State of New
York, and more than three times as much as the
whole State of Pennsylvania; and representing
(hat interest, I cannot sit here and give my assent
to a pioposition that will exempt from taxation
all manufacturers who manufacture less than six
hundred dollars' worth, and tax this interest
whether the producer produces more or less.
1 would shy further, that we have scattered over
the State of Ohio, as my colleague well knows, a
large number of farmers who produce, only for
their own manufacturing purposes, broom corn.
They raise it in summer and manufacture it in
winter. If one of these manufacturers produces
four hundred dozen brooms, he is taxed ten cents
a dozen. If he sells them at $1 50 a dozen,
amounting to $600, he pays no tax; but if he sells
them at $1 55 a dozen, making $620, he is taxed
on the whole amount without any exemption
whatever. Now, is that fair? Is it just, that a
man who manufactures §700 worth should be
taxed, and the man who manufactures$600 worth
should be exempt?
Mr. HORTON. I am very anxious that no in-
justice shall be done to my colleague's constit-
uents; but I suggest to him that every one of his
constituents in the farming intel est—and he rep-
resents a very rich district—is already exempted
$600 in the income tax. I would suggest to him
further, that his friends who raise broom corn are
taxed upon the manufacture and not upon the
growth. They are not taxed if they make them
on their own account, but only as manufacturers,
and as farmers they arc not taxed at all. I sug-
gest to my colleague further, that he is mistaken
in his statistics. His district does not raise more
tobacco than all the New England States. Con-
necticut alone, perhaps, produces more in value
from tobacco than my friend's district. However,
that is neither here nor there.
Mr. MORRIS. I beg to correct my colleague
on that point.
Mr. HORTON. Then there is another thing.
We allow a drawback on tobacco. The tobacco
grown in my colleague's district is all consumed
m other countries, and his constituents get the
drawback when it is exported.
Mr. MORRIS. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
This bill does not provide that there shall be a
drawback on leaf tobacco.
Mr. HORTON. I think that my colleague will
allow that I understand the bill pretty well. I say
to lum that a drawback is allowed in this bill, o?*,
if it is not now, it will be, surely.
Mr. MORRIS. Ah ! That is a very different
thing.
Mr. HORTON. I hope the amendment of my
colleague will be voted down.
Mr. MORRIS. I ask unanimous consent to
reply to my colleague.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRIS. Mr. Chairman, this bill taxes
tobacco by the pound, and not by the value. Now,
I repeat that, according to the statistics furnished
me from the Census Bureau, my district does raise
more pounds of tobacco than all the six New Eng-
land States put together. It raises nearly double
what is raised in the whole State of New York,
and three times as much as is raised in the whole
State of Pennsylvania. And I say that this bill,
as printed, does not provide a drawback on leaf
tobacco. I admit that on manufactured tobacco
there is a drawback provided, if the gentleman
