2348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
is on. It is unavoidable that the notary must put
it on, and probably it will be done by an arrange-
ment between him and the person for whom he
acts in regard to the duty. It cannot be put on
the other party, and therefore the amendment is
unnecessary; and if you introduce it in this place,
you may as well go over the whole list and pio-
vide who shall pay in each case. It is ail pro-
vided for by the simple fact that the instrument is
of no validity unless the stamp is put on, and this,
of all others, is the last place where it is necessary
to do anything of that sort, because the person
■who makes the protest must pay for it inevitably.
1 hope the amendment will not be made.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean to insist on
it. It may not be as important as it is supposed
by several persons to be; but I shall not take the
time of the Son Ate in insisting on the amendment
if it is opposed. The difficulty which the Senator
speaks of, that it cannot be collected from the
debtor, can bo met by adding the words, 14 and
collectable by the officer, with the fees of protest.55
Then there will be a certainty about it, and I think
it ought to be so. I think this stamp duty on pi*o-
tests ought to be collected out of the debtor, for if
itis necessary to protest, the expense should come
out of him. This duty will amount to tens of
thousands of dollars. 1 do not mean to insist upon
the amendment if it is opposed.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the following items:
Warehouse receipt, or memorandum, ot any pood5?, mer-
chandise, or pioperty of any kind held on Ktoiage i ri any
pubiic or piivata warehouse or yaid, twenty-live cents.
Legal document:-,.— Appeal fioin (lie dceiceorjudgment or
final ordei ot <uiv couti to a highei oi appellate coiut, litty
cent*; writ, or other original pioeess by which any suit is
commenced in any cmut of lecotd, cither law or equity:
Provided, That no wut, summon-, oi othei pioeess issued
by a justice ot the peace.or usm-d in any criminal or other
suit> commenced l>v the United States or any State, shall
he subject to the payment o( stamp duties: Jind provided
J'uithcr^'V h.it the stamp duties imposed by the foiegoing
schedule B,on manifests. bills o! lading, and passage tick-
ets, shall not applv to steamboats or other vessels plying
between ports ot the United States and potts in Hntish
North America.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed to
amend l>y striking out after " legal documents"
the words:
Appeal t'loni the decree or judgment of any court to a
higher oi appellate eouit, fifty cents.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire what
is the tax on a writ by that section? No sum is
mentioned.
Mr. FESSENDEN The amount is accident-
ally omitted there; itis in the original bill; I for-
get what it is, but it can be ascertained afterwards.
Mr. LrLUMES. Is it m order to amend thatso
as to apply tins section to suits commenced in
United States courts?
Mr. FESiSEN DEN It says £<m any courtof
record, oither law or equity."
Mr. GRIMES. It now applies to all our State
courts.
Air. EESSENDEN Why should it not?
Mr. GRIMES. I think we tax them pretty
severely now in some of our States.
Mr. KESSENDEN Lawsuits, they sav, are
a luxut y.
Mr. (J RIMES. But ihey are luxuries that some
people are sonictunoN compelled to indulge m. I
should like to amend it so that iff shall apply only
to suits com me nerd in U mted States com is. They
are of magnitude enough to justify us in levying
a stamp duty on them; and these aie, as is sug-
gested by my fu< nd at my side, [Mr. Morrill,]
luxuries; the others, these little suits ill the Slate
courts, are necessities.
Mr. KESSENDEN. I believe, m all systems
of indirect taxation, the piocesses of courts are
taxed. I forget, what the amount was; it can be
putin afterw.uds, i suppose, as well.
Mr. 110WA.R.D. 1 desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee now to the clause
to be found on pa me 144, included in brackets.
Mr. FISSSENDEN. It remains in.
. Mr. HOWARD. You do not move to strike
it out.
Mr. KESSENDEN. No, sir.
* saw 11 was so marked.
£ r* * mistake. j
101^ i REfc-lDEN r. The Chair will :
state to the Senate that the engrossed bill now
upon the table does not fix any sum for the stamp 1
to be annexed to writs. The engrossed bill sent
from the House of Representatives has by mistake
omitted the sum prescribed to be attached to writs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert " fifty
cents."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine proposes to amend by adding after the
word " equity" the woids " fifty cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read schedule C, as follows:
Medicines or Preparations.—For and upon every packet,
box, bottle, pot, vial, or other mclosuie, containing any
pills, powders, tinctuies, troches, or Jozenges, simps, cor-
dials, bitteis, anodynes, tonics, plasters, liniments, salves,
ointinentsj pastes, dtops, waters, essences, bpmts, oils, or
other ptcpaiatioiiH or compositions whatsoever, made and
sold, or lemoved foi consumption and sale, by any poi&on
or persons whatever, wherein the person making or pre-
p.uing the same ha*, oi claims to have, any piivate formula
or occult seeiet or ait foi the making or piepaiing the
same, or lias, oi claims to have any exclusive imht or title
to the making or pieparing the same, or which aie pie-
pared, utteied. vended, or exposed for sale under any let-
ter patent, oi held out or recommended to the public by
the makers, vendor, or proprietor-? theieof, as propnetary
medicines, or as icmcdics ot specifies foi any disease, dis-
eases, or affections whatever, affecting the human or ani-
mal body, as follows: whoie such packet, box,bottle,pot,
vial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall not ex-
ceed, ut the retail price or value, the sum of twenty-five
cents, one cent; wheie such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial,
or other mclosuie, with its contents, shall exceed theietaii
price or value ol twenty-live cents, and not exceed the re-
tail price or value of fifty cent*-, two cents; whore such
packer, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other inclo^ure, with its
contents, shall exceed the retail puce or value of fifty cents,
and shall not exceed the retail puce oi value of seventy-five
cents, three cents; when such packet, box, bottle, pot", vial,
or other incloMiro, with its contours', shall exceed the re-
tail pi ice oi value ot -even ty-five cents, and >hall not exceed
the letdil puce or value of on° dollar, four cents; when
Mich packet, box, bottle, pot, vial,oi other inelo&urc, with
its contents -hall exceed the iet.nl pt ice or value of one dol-
lar, foi each and eveiv fifty cents ot fiactioual part thereof
over and above one dollar, as beioie mentioned, an addi-
tional two cents.
i'eit'unieiy and Cosmetics—For and upon every packet,
box, bottle, pot, vial, oi other inelobure, containing any
c—ence, extract, toilet watei, eo.-inetic, hair oil, pomade,
ban die^inir, ban icstoiative, hair dye, tooth wash, denu-
!i k e, tooth paste, aiomatic cachoijs, oi any similar ai ticles,
bv whatsoever name the same heretofore have boon, now
aie, or mav heieattei be called, known, oi distinguished,
u->ed ot applied, ot to be used or applied a-. peilinnc.s or ap-
plications to the ban. mouth, oi -.kin, made, piepaicd, ami
sold oi iemo\ed foi coiMimptmn and .-ale in the United
State?, where such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other
ineloMue, with its content-, shall not exceed at the retail
puce or value, (he sum ol twenty-five cent*, one cent;
wheie Mich packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or othei inclo-uire,
with its contents, shall exceed the H'tail pi ice or value of
twenty live cent*, and shall not exceed the retail puce or
value of fifty cents, two cents; wheie such packet, box,
bottle, pot, vial, or other mclosute, w.th its contents,shall
exceed the letail pi ice ot value ot fnty cents, and shall not
exceed the retail price or value of seventy-five cents, three
cents; w icie such packet, box, bottle, pot. vial, or other
inclosiite, with its contents, shall exceed the letail puce or
value ol .-.evcnty-fivo cents, and shall not cxcecd the letail
pi tee or value of one doil.u, lour cents ; where such packet,
box, bottle, pot, vial, or othei uiclosuie. with us contents,
shall exceed the u-tail puce or value ot one dollar, toi each
and eveiy ftlty cents, or fractional part thereof, over and
above the one dolbu,as beioie mentioned, an additional
twf) cents.
Piny inir catd-.—For and upon every pack made in font
suits «t ilui teen each, with painted figures and devices upon
them toi playing ganns with, twenty cents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend bywinking out in the lastclause of
the schedule the words:
"Made in four suits ol thirteen each, with painted figures
ami devices upon them for piuying games with, twenty
cents
And insetting in lieu thereof:
Of \\ hatevei numboi, when the pi ice per pack docs not
exceed eighteen cents, one cent; over eighteen cents, and
not exeeedmgtwenty five cents per pack, two cents ; ovei
twenty-five and not e\ceedin<rthnty cents per pack, tinee
cents; over tluity and not cxecedmu: tinitv siy rents p"i
pack, toui cents; ovei thirty-six cents per pack, five cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary icad section one hundred and six
of the bill, as follows:
Legacies and Distributive Shares of Personal Property.
Sice. 106 Jhid t>c ilfuithcr enacted, That any peison or
P'-i-ons having in charge oi trust, as aduiitiistiatots, cxecu-
toi c, Ol tiusteev of any legaeio- or di-tubultve sh,Ues aris-
ing tiom peisonal piopeity, of any kind whatsoever where
tiie whole amount oi such pei>onal piopeity. as aforesaid,
shall exceed the -mmot >1 .U00 in actual value, passing tiom
any peison who uia\ dieaftei the pac-acjo of this act, po=s
cessed ot such proper t\. either bv will or by the intestate
laws of any Mate or [Vmtot\, oi any part of such pioperty
ot njtetcst tlx1; em, tiaijf ten-ed by tlced, trrant, bargain, sale,
or gift, made or intended to take effect in possesion or on-
|o\ ment afVi tii' death of the grantor or baigamoi, to any 1
peison oi persons, or to any bodv oi bodies public oi cor- |
poi .He, in tfii-t oi other wim1, shall 'iv. and heteby ate, made !
subject to a duty or tax. to be paid to the Unifed States, a> j
tollows, that is tosay: First. Where tiie person or persons I
entitled to any beneficial interest in such pioperty shall be
the lineal issue or lineal ancestoi, brotiier or sister, to the
peison who diet! possessed oi' such pioperty, as aforesaid,
at and after the late of seventv-five cents foi each and
every $100 of the clear value of such interest in such
pioperty. Second. Where the person or persons entitled
to any beneficial interest in buch pioputv shall be a de-
scendant of a brother or sister of the per.-on xvho died
possessed, as aforesaid, at and after the rate of one dollar
and fifty cents for each and every .$100 of the clear value
of such interest. Thnd. Where the person or persons
entitled to any beneficial inteiefct in such pioperty shall
be a biother oi si&tei of the father or mother, oi a descend-
ant of a btoihcr or sister of the father or mother of the
peison who died possessed, as afoiesaid, at and after the
rate of three dollars for each and every .^100 of the clear
value of such interest. Fowth. Where the poi&on or per-
sons entitled to any beneficial inteiest in such properly shall
be a biother or sister of the grandfather or irrandnjother, or
a descendant of the brothei oi sistei of the grandfather or
grandmother of the person who died possessed, as albie-
said, at and after the rate of four dollais for each and every
$100 of the elearvalue ofsuch interest. Fifth. Where the
peison oi persons entitled to any beneficial interest in «.uch
pioperty shall be in any other degree of collutcml consan-
guinity than is hereinbefore stated, or shall be a straugei in
blood to the person who died possessed, as aforesaid, or
shall be a body-politic or corporate, at and altei the rate of
live dollars for each and every $100 of the clear value of
such interest: Provided, Thatall legacies or pi opertv pass-
ing by will or by the laws ot any State or Territoiy,to hus-
band or wife of the peipon who died pos&es&ed, as afore-
said, shall be exempt from tax or duly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this section by striking out in line
seven the words "xvho may die," after " person,9i
and inserting the word " deceased" before "per-
son."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section one hundred and
seven, as follows:
See. 107. Jlnd be it further enaded, That the tax or duty
afoiesaid shall be a hen and charge upon the pi opertv of
eveiy person who may die, as afoiesaid. until the same shall
be fully paid to and dischaigcd by the United States; and
eveiy executor, adimnistiator, oi other poison who may
take the buiden or tiust of administration upon such prop-
erty shall, aftei taking such buiden or titist, and beioie pay-
ing or disti ibuting any portion thereof to the legatees or any
pat ties entitled to beneficial inteifst therein, pay to the col-
lector or deputy collectoi of the district the amount ol the
dutyoi tax, as aforesaid, and shall also mriRe and render
to the assi-tant assessor ot the d'Mrict. a .schedule, list, or
statement of the amount ot such piopeitv, to^cthei with
the amount o{ duty which has aeeiuod oi should accme
lbcieon, vei lfic d bv his oath ot aflii ination. to be udmmis-
leied and certified thereon by Mime magistrate oi oflicei hav-
ing lawful power to admintstei -such oaths, in Mich form
and nntnii"r as may be piesctibed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, which schedule, list, or statement shall
contain the names ot each and every person entitled to any
beneficial interest theiein, together with the clear value of
s nch interest, which schedule, Iim, or statement shall be by
hnn dehveied to «siich collector ; and upon j-uch pavnient
and dehveiy of such schedule, list, or statement, said col-
lectoi or deputy collector shall giant to such peison paying
such duty ortaxaiecciptorn ceiptaot the same m duplicate,
which shall be pieparedas is hereinaftei provided; such
receipt or leeeipts, duly signed and dehveied bv sur-h col-
lectoi or deputy collector, shall bn sufficient cvidenr e to en-
title the person who paid smcli duty ot tax as having taken
the buiden oi tiusf ot tulmiiiisteiiug such pioperty or per-
sonal estate to be allowed for such payment by trie peison
or per on-< entitled to the buucfii uil interest m respect to
winch sue li tax oi duty was paid ; and &ueh poison admin-
istering such piopeity ot peisonal estate shall be credited
and allowed such {Vu ment by every tribunal winch, by the
laws ol any Stale oi Teintoiy, is or may be empowered to
decide upon and settle the accounts ot executois and ad-
ministiatoia ; and in case such pei<on who has taken the
buiden or tiust of ialmintstenn^ upon anj such propeuv or
peisonal estate shall refuse oi neyk-et to pay the atore-aid
duty or tax to the collector ot deputv col lee to), as atoiesaid,
xvithiu the time heteinbetoie piovjded, or &iiall nealect or
refuse to deliver to said collector or deputy collectoi the
schedule, list, or statement of such legacies, pioperty, or
personal estate under oath, as afoiesaid, or shall deliver to
said collet tor or deputy collector a false schedule or state-
ment of such Jeuaem*, piopeity,or peison.il estate, or give
the nanus and lelatioiiship ot the persons entitled to ben-
eficial interests theiein untiuly, or shall not truly and eor-
ro''tIy.Let toith and state theiein th'* cleai value of such
beneficial niteiest, or wiiete no administration upon such
piopeity ot personal estate shall have been granted or al-
low ed undei existing laws, the piopor ofticei of the United
States ^.hall commence such piooeodmg* in law or equity
before any court of the United States as nnj be proper and
necessaiy to cufoice and lealize the lien or eharce upon
such piopeity or peisonal c-t.ite, or anj pait thcieof, for
which such lax or duty has not been truly and pisth paid.
Undei such pioceedincs theiateof duty oi tax enforced
shall he the highest rate imposed ot a^pssed [,y this act,
and shall be m'tho name of the United Stad s against such
peison or persons as may have tin- aetu.il oi consfnieave
i-ustody ot possession ot such pinpcitv or pei-onal estate,
or any pa11 ihcieot, and shall subject such pioperty oi per-
sonal estate, or any poition o! tiie. same, to be sold upon
tiie judgment oi decree ot such couit, and fioia the pro-
ceeds of such suie. the amount of such ta\ oi duty, together
with all co^ts and e.xpen-c-' ot eveiy descii[iUon to be al-
lowed bv such coat t. shall be fn-t paid, and the balance, if
anv, d< po-ited accoidiug to the order of such couii. to be
paid undei its diK.enon to such person fir pel sons* as shall
establish their lawful title to the tame. The d<W oi deeds,
or any ptopoi conveyance of .such pioperty or personal es-
