1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
metoputaquestion to him ? Whoputthose votes,
which you have counted out, into those boxes?
Mr. tOOMIS. The judges of the election.
Mr. WORCESTER. Where is the evidence of
that? Has the contestant introduced any ?
Mr. LOOMIS. In every ease of these disputed
boxes, where the election officers were called
upon, they testified that they put the ballots back
into the boxes after they had counted them, and
that they sealed the boxes. The minority of the
committee claim that this evidence from a recount
of the ballots is not the best evidence; that it is
remote and circumstantial. But it appears to me
that no cvidcncc could be more direct to contra-
dict the division returns. And that is the ques-
tion, whether the division returns shall stand. Is
it too remote, I ask, to exhibit the contents of the
boxes themselves, to contradict what purports to
be a statement of the contents ? So the minority
of the committee claim. I had supposed that the
philosophy of Bishop Berkeley, that there is no
reality in the tangible things of this world, had
been pretty much discarded, since the bishop
was recommended to butt his head against a post
in order to rebut his philosophy; but it seems that
it has been revived—that is to say, that the state-
ment of the thing is more conclusive and more
real than the thing itself which is produced before
us.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Connecticut this question: did not so
long a period of time intervene between the plac-
ing of the ballot-boxes into the hands of the al-
dermen and the recount, as that, when taken in
connection with the insecure places and careless
manner in which the boxes were kept by the al-
dermen, and the opportunities of access which
interested parties had to the boxes, and the incon-
sistency between the original count and the re-
count, the presumption is, that the ballot-boxes
were tampered with?
Mr. LOOMIS. I think not,butI will endeavor
to answer the gentleman directly, and 1 hope satis-
factorily before I get through; but if he will excuse
me, I prefer to bring in the answer to that inquii y
at another time. I think I can satisfy him upon
all the points to which he has referred.
The ballots, which are preserved under the laws
of Pennsylvania, bear the same relation to the
division returns that those returns do to the gen-
eral return. The law provides for the keeping of
the ballots, as well as for the keeping of the di-
vision returns. For what object, I ask, does the
law preserve the ballots which are cast at an elec-
tion unless that they should prevail over the di-
vision returns themselves? The law itself to which
I have referred states this object: " They shall be
kept to answer the call of any person or tribunal
authorized to try the merits of the election." Of
what earthly object is that unless they are to be
of some evidence when they arc introduced?
But the minority of the committee claims that
the contestant had no right to open the ballot-
boxes to avail himself of this evidence, and that
these boxes were opened against the persistent
opposition of the sitting member. It is somewhat
surprising that such technicalities should be ic-
sortod to. To shut out such weak testimony and
to prevent this feeble voice of the ballot-box fiom
being heard at all. In justice, however, to the sit-
ting member I ought to say that I understood him,
in the hearing before the committee, to have dis-
tinctly waived all objection to the opening of these
ballox-boxes, and I was surprised therefore to see
the argument so stoutly insisted upon and repeated
in the report of the minority of the committee.
Under the law of Congress of 1SG1, on giving
notice as required, the contestant is fully authoi-
ized, before the meeting of Congress, to take any
legitimate testimony in his ease, provided he takes
it before certain specified officers, and those offi-
cers are named in the law—as the judge of any
United States court; the judge or chancellor, F
think, of any State court of record; or before the
recorder or mayor of any city or town. This law,
I take it, then, amounts to a full commission to
these officers named to take any pertinent testi-
mony which the contestant desires. That, in con-
nection with the law of Pennsylvania, winch re-
quires these ballot-boxes*to be given up upon
claim of any person or tribunal authorized to try
the merits of an election, I think, is a full answer
to that objection.
But to impair confidence in the result of this re-
count, the sitting member has raised a great hue
and cry that these ballot-boxes were tampered
with before they were opened. The boxes were
produced—-and here I come to answer the question
put by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Harms on,]
—the boxes were produced by the-contestant in
every instance, from the hands of those to whom
the law intrusted them. They had never been
out of the custody of those officers of the law.
There is not one scrap of testimony to that effect.
Without an exception, when these aldermen pro-
duced these boxes, they swore that they were in
the same condition that they were in when they
were left in their hands. There were no signs of
mutilations, no tapes cut, no seals broken, no sus-
picious marks about the boxes, and not one jot or
tittle of evidence that the boxes wore tampered
with, and yet we are gravely asked to presume it.
The boxes were kept as the law required, and, as I
have already stated, they were not found else-
where.
I maintain, therefore, that the presumption is in
favor of the sanctity of those boxes; that the offi-
cers of the law to whom they were intrusted per-
formed their duty, and that the boxes have not
been tampered with; and he who alleges the con-
trary should be held to produce some evidence to
prove if. The contents of the ballot-boxes, as pre-
served by law, are just as much in the custody of
the law as the returns in the office of the prothon-
otary; and, like the division returns, they arc pre-
sumed to be true until the contrary appears. The
law docs not specify how the aldermen shall keep
the boxes. It is not necessary, I take it, that they
shall carry them along with them; that they should
sit upon them continually, or that they should set
watches day and night over them. The two in-
stances in which the least care was taken of the
boxes are cited in the report of the minority of the
committee, at page 17, in the testimony of Alder-
man McMullen. In an answer to the question as
to who received those boxes on the night of the
election, the witness says:
" l received the seventh ami eighth divisions; my wife
vcceivcd the others T was not pie-rnt. Pbc icceived them
attei twelve o'clock at night. 1 put the two I teceivcd un-
der the desk m my office. I then shut up the office; I locket!
it in the inside. J left no one there to take charge. When
I came back I found the boxes m the back office that iiad
been left there by my wife; they had been biought theie
aftpi J left. I do not know who "brought them, of my own
knowledge; they obtained access by aside door that enters
into the dwelling pan ot the house; that dooi is always
open. My wife and family lived theie ; theie was no per-
son taking care of them. 'I returned on the meaning of the
next day, '•ay about nine o'clock, to the olhee. My office
was. opaa before that, 1 piesumc, as usual. 1 placed them
affei that down stair.-, whine they lemamed a couple of
dajs. When \ i^uv the election was going to be close, i put
them in my bedroom."
Then there is the testimony of Alderman Car-
ter, which is quoted by the minority of the com-
mittee, as follows:
u Question. Wete the boxes locked up or secured in any
special way ?
•* Answer. No, ^lr.
'• Question. Was itanvbody'sbusmessorehargetowatcli
these boxes and see that nobody tampeied with them?
" Jlnswer. No, sir; no one in partjcul.u.
Question Who has accost to your office, where these
boxes were placed, vvlien you aie not theie?
"slmwcr. My family is gencially in the office, and once
m a while the constable of the ward takes tiie libeity of
going behind the desk to wute.
" Question liave you been kept away fiom yom office
lately in consequence of sickness?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. IiowJong?
" J]nsu-er. Some tluee week-
There are instances where there was the great-
est looseness in the care of the boxes: but you
will notice that they were kept in the dwelling-
houses of the aldetmen; for I take it from the tes-
timony that their offices were kept in some part
of their dwelling-houses. In both eases it is said
that their families were frequently in the office;
and in one case—that of Alderman McMullen—
extra care was taken to preserve the boxes by
putting them m his bedroom. It is exceedingly
improbable, i think, from the evidence, that these
boxes were tampered with. In the first place,
every one of these aldermen, whei*e there is any
dispute about tins matter, were the political ene-
mies, and not the political friends, of the contest-
ant; and, in the next place, the difficulty ofiden-
tifymg these boxes by any external s«gns would
make it, it seems to me, very difficult for any
prowling rascal who would run the risk of enter-
ing the dwelling-houses of these aldermen to select
these particular boxes and alter the votes. Then
there is the risk of-detection in entering tlese
dwelling-houses, where the families wer£ all over
the houses and frequently in the oifices. Why,-in
order to tamper with these ballot-boxes, they must
go in the first place and select out one of the di-
vision boxes, and get the right one; then.they
must knock off the\vax and seal which was .put
upon it by the judges of the election, cut the tape
and take out these tickets, (which, by the way,
were twisted up in bundles of ten,) and then, after
making the alteration, put them back again, seal,
it up as it was before, tic it up with tape in the
same manner it was before, melt the wax, and put
on the same seal. It is a great undertaking; and
it seems to me that, under such circumstances, the
House cannot be called upon to presume that they
were tampered with. It is true that it was possi-
ble; it is possible for any ciimc to be committed;
but that is all there is in the claim of the contest-
ant. It is not probable that ail these risks were
run. In some divisions Butler only gained one
vote; in others, two and three and seven and ten
votes are gained by Butler. Then, if these boxes
were tampered with, in no instance did they return
to the boxes the same number of votes which they
took out—which I think rogues would have been /
careful to do—but in fact the aggregate vote (upon
the recount) is less, except in one instance, than
the division returns.
The circumstances of the case, it seems to me,
show the bona fide character of the proceedings on
the part of the contestant. In Ins noticc he was
obliged to be specific as to the divisions and boxes,
and he specified seventeen divisions in order to
reach the frauds which he believed existed in the
division returns. He opened only ten of those
specified boxes in these divisions. Two of them
agreed perfectly with the original returns, and in
four others his gains were only 1, 3, 7, and 10
votes respectively. One box opened—that of the
ninth division of the fourth ward—was not con-
tained in the specification; and yet when they
opened it by mistake, they found on a recount a
gain of 5 votes for Butler, showing how carelessly
the official count must have been conducted.
I sec at the end of a brief which the sitting mem-
ber lias laid upon the desk of each member of the
House, the suggestion that parties implicated with
Byerly in his fraud must have tampered with the
boxes in order to suggest a doubt as to the guilt
of Byerly. Now, I would say here that this By-
eily fraud ^entirely outside of this caseasitwas
heard before the committee, and has not anything
to do with it. But I will answer the suggestion.
Byerly was convicted of substituting a false return
for the true one in the fourth ward, and only in
the fourth ward; and in that case the forged re-
turn increased the vote of the contestant 157, and
diminished that of the sitting member 164, mak-
ing a difference of 321 votes.
Now, sir, if it were true, as the sitting member
suggests, that somebody implicated with Byerly
wished to suggest doubts as to his guilt, they
would, of course, have confined their operations
to this ward where the forgery was committed, so
as to show that his figures, after all, were not far
outoftheway. Yet, whatisthefactr Why, we find
that although the boxes in four of the divisions of
the fourth ward were opened, the gains for Butler
were very insignificant in that ward—it) the sixth
division only 7 votes, in the eighth only 10 votes,
in the seventh 21, and in the ninth only 5, making
a change of only 43 votes. Certainly you cannot
say that the hand of Byerly can have been in that.
The only proof that the sitting member has
offered to meet this recount of the ballots is the
testimony ofthc election officers in three divisions,
who swear—is that strange ?—that the leturns
which they made under their offi ual oaths were
true! If the returns were incorrect, it must have
been the result cither of an honest mistake on
the part of those election officers or of fraud-. If
they were honestly mistaken, of course they would
believe their returns to be correct, and would
say so. If they were guilty of fraud, tin y would
not come into court and own up and declare
that they signed false returns from those divis-
ions. So that it seems to me that this evidence
does not strengthen the case of the sitting mem-
ber. Their oaths, it seems to me, are no better
evidence than their returns, and cannot be, from
the very nature of the case; indeed, when they
are called upon afterwards to testify in regard to
their returns, they necessarily deal in impressions
