1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
138S
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is correctly re-
ported, and speaks by authority.
Mr. HORTON. In the one hundred and ninth
section the committee has provided a drawback
on nil tobacco exported,
Mr. MORRIS. If the committee has provided
that, I have only to say that it is not in the bill as
printed, and my colleague lias no right to say that
such is the fact. I have been basing my argu-
ment on the presumption that there is no draw-
back allowed on leaf tobacco.
Mr. DELANO. If there be, then the commit-
tee has been misled in this matter, for it will rec-
ollect that when the debate was opened it was
expics&ly stated by the member of the Committee
of Ways and Means who opened it [Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont] that it was not intended to al-
low a drawback on leaf tobacco. It so stands in
his reported speech, so that it was nothing but
fair for some gentleman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to announce here, before an interested
and anxious portion of the committee who rep-
resent constituencies concerned in the raising of
this crop, that it was intended to allow drawback
on leaf tobacco. I believe that that fact was not
announced until this moment.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I want to make an in-
quiry m rcfercnce to the drawback on leaf to-
bacco. After the farmer has sold it and paid the
tax, does not the exporter gee the drawback, and
riot the man who paid the tax?
Mr. HORTON. That is one of those cases
which the Committee of Ways and Means could
not entirely provide for. In all cases where a tax
is levied and a drawback allowed on exportation
—which is in all cases of spirituous liquors and
tobacco, manufactured and in leaf—we have al-
lowed as a drawback the whole amount of the tax.
The tax enters into the original price, and the
farmer gets it from the purchaser. The exporter
has, of course, paid it when he became possessed
of the tobacco, and it is to him, therefore, that the
drawback is to be allowed.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then, why levy the tax
upon the farmer, to be paid back when the to-
bacco is exported ? Why not simply levy the tax
on consumed tobacco in its manufactured state,
and let the raw leaf alone?
Mr. HORTON. The Committee of Ways and
Means has considered that question, but may not
have decided it correctly. It was supposed that
tins was the mode in which the Governmentcould
best raise a tax on tobacco consumed in th*  coun-
try. A good deal of tobacco is exported in leaf,
and a vast amount of it in the manufactured state.
We have allowed a drawback on all leaf tobacco
and manufactured tobacco exported.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let me state to my fiicnd
one fact. This bill requires that all tobacco grown
in Kentucky shall pay a tax when it is grown.
This tax will amount to £.3,220,000. That sum
is to go into the Treasury, and is to be paid back
in part to the exporter when the tobacco is ex-
ported. Now, of what benefit is this process to
the country? If the tax were confined to the man-
ufactured tobacco which enters into the consump-
tion of the country, it would be much more simple
and quite as effectual, and would not compel the
man who raises five hogsheads or twenty hogs-
heads of tobacco to pay so much per pound on it,
only that that money should go into the Treasury
and be afterwards refunded to the expoiter.
Mr. MORRIS. I ask unanimous consent of
the committor to state further what the bill really
is. and that it does not provide for a drawback.
Mr. HORTON". I object, if we are to get
through this bill at all.
The question was taken on Mr. Morris's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. GRANGER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following words of the section:
And all good*, ware*, and merchandise or aitieles man-
ufJK-tuied or made and sold, txeept .-pnituous and malt
liquors.and leaf', stemmed, 01 maimiactined tobacco.wheie
the annual pioduet shall not exceed the Mini of §f UU: Pro-
LiJcd, That thm shall not apply to any busings 01 tiaiisac-
tion wiioie one paity furnishes thf matenal--, oi any part
thereof, and employs, another paityto manufactme. make,
01 finish the goods, wares, and meiehandise oi article?.,
paying or ptonu-mgto pay theielor. and leceiviny thegood^.
wares and merchandise or articles; bu! m all ^ueh eases
the party famishing the matenais and receiving the goods
ware-, and meiehandise oi aiueJes **haJl be liable to and
chaigtd with all aeciumg duties thcteon.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 71. *A?ul be it /wither cnacfed, That all goods wares,
and merchandise, or articles manufactured or made by any
persons riot for sale, bat for his her, or their own use or
consumption, shall be and are exempt trom duty.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that this section,
if unamended, will operate injuriously, not to say
disastrously, on many interests that are sought to
be taxed in the subsequent sections of the bill. To
illustiate: there are, m one point in my district,
many persons and a large amount of capital em-
ployed in the manufacture of candles and soap.
By the provisions of this bill, these commodities
are taxed at from five mills to three cents per
pound. There are also many persons employed
in my district in the manufacture of cigars, which
arc taxed at from ten to twenty cents per pound.
There are many other manufactures which I might
name. If this section pass as reported, there
will be a bounty offered on limited manufactures.
Petty manufacturing establishments will spiing
up all through the country, and will come into
competition with the regular manufacturing estab-
mcnts. I propose no exemption of these manu-
factures from taxation, but I propose that they
shall be exempted from destruction; for if the mar-
ket for them be destroyed, it follows, as a matter
of coutse, that they are themselves destroyed, and
the objects of the bill will be, in a great measure,
defeated. The retailer who will not sell annually
more than $G00 worth of manufactures will go into
the business of manufacturing and compete with
the regular manufacturers. It is, therefore, un-
just to the regular manufacturer, and destructive
of the objects of the bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
the part proposed to be stricken out, by striking-
out the word " product," and inserting in lieu of it
the word " profits," so that it will read " where
the annual profits shall not exceed the sum of
$600." Let me suggest to the Committee of Ways
and Means and to the Committee of the Whole,
that although this appears to be rather a small
business, yet it does rcacli to and affect a veiy
large mass of population who will not be very
well able to pay these taxes. They include oil the
small class of manufacturers who do not make
their wares by the aid of machinery. Those who
do use machinery will always exceed the amount
proposed to be exempted. It does include every-
body who manufactures by hand, or weaving, the
vast variety of articles that enter into the consump-
tion of the country. Therefore it does affect a very
huge class of people. Now, I suggest to tho com-
mittee that an exemption of $600 on the manufac-
tures of these poorer people—whether brooms or
shoos or baskets or the thousand and*odd other
things that are made—is entirely too small. The
other provisions of the bill show it to be so, be-
cause it exempts $600 of a man's income, which
is his net earning. Here you exempt only §600
of the gross earnings, which would probably rep-
lesent only $100. I think that this exemption
ought to be enlarged to $2,000 or $3,000, or else my
amendment ought to be adopted to strike out the
word " product," and insert the word " profits."
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to oppose the
amendment offered by the gentleman fiom Ohio.
If it be adopted, nobody will be taxed for manu-
factures. No one will profess to have made $600
profits. That is very certain. Everybody will
be exempt from taxation under this provision of
the bill. I am in favor of the amendment suggested
by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Granger,]
for it seems to me to be a very proper amendment.
Why, wc have exempted these people from the
necessity of obtaining a license under another sec-
tion of this bill, and it seems to me but just that
we should subject their manufactures to a tax, for
the reason that it would make the system of tax-
ation uniform. Every description of property, it
seems to me, properly the subject of taxation
should be taxed under this bill.
Tlx'ie is, however, another reason. When a
bill like this goes out to the country, it will cer-
tainly encountei the piejiidiees of the community.
Everybody will, if possible, avoid the application
of the tax to them. Wherever there is the oppor-
tunity many people will be induced to commit
frauds. Many contrivances will be resorted to,
to avoid taxation, and hence, 1 think, we should
be careful in framing the bill to not hold out an
invitation to people to commit fraud as, it seems
to me, this provision does. For instance: A, B,
C, and D are engaged really m a manufacturing
establishment, but they each carry on different
branches of the business^ and in order to bring
themselves without the rule of taxation here laid
down, they will declare themselves each carrying
on an independent business, as suggested by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Granger,]
the object of the bill will be defeated.' It seems
to me entirely proper that this provision of the
bill should be stricken out.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I propose, if I can
have the consent of the committee without the
necessity of offering a new amendment, to make
an inquiry of some member of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
It is suggested by my colleague that the object
of the amendment I have offered is provided for
in an amendment which has been adopted. If
that be so I should like to have it stated.
Mr. HORTON. An amendment was adopted
on my motion which accomplishes a portion of
the gentleman's object. It inserts, in the third line
of the section, the words " made by any person
or his family, who shall be dependent thereupon
forasupport." This amendment has been inserted
in the section on my motion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Thatdoes not reach
the object. A man may still make goods to the
value of §600, and not realize a profit upon them
of live dollars.
Mr. Shellabarger's amendment was disa-
greed to.
The committee divided upon Mr. Granger's
amendment, and there were-—ayes 40, noes 48; no
quorum voting.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, called for tellers.
Tollers wore appointed; and Messrs. Kellogg
of Michigan, and Robinson were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes fifty-three; a further count not
being demanded.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the seventy-
second section, in the seventh line, by inserting
after the word "consumption," the words "or
delivery to otheis."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the section,
in the fourteenth line, by striking out the word
" stem," and inserting the word " stemmed."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to insert, in tho ninth
line, after the word " manufacturers," the words
" or his or their agent or agents." This is neces-
sary to conform the section to amendments already
adopted. The section, as amended, would then
read:
Sec. 72. J3nd be it /arther enacted, That the value and
quantity of the good-, waics, and meiehands-e required to
be stated, as afoiesaid, and subject to an ad valorem duty,
-hall be estimated by the actual sale- nuule by the manu-
l.ictuier, or by lu-, liei,or then agent,or pei-on oi pei-ons
acting m his hoi, m their behalf j and where ^ucli goods*,
wares, and merchandise have been lemoved for consump-
tion oi deliveiv to otiieis, placed on slupboaul, or an* no
longei within the custody and control of tho manufacturer
or m.umfaetuiers, oi his or then agent or agents, not being
m lus, liei, or their factory, stoic, or \\ aiehouse, tho value
shall be estimated by the average of the market value of
the like goods, wares, and meiehandise during the time
when the same would have become liable to and cliaiged
with duty: Piorulcd. That in estimating tho duty on leaf,
stemmed, or unm.tnui.ictuied tobacco, tin. quantity actually
sold, lemoved fot consumption, or placed on shipboard, by
the producer, shall be the quantity oi amount upon which
said duty shall be assessed, paid, and collected.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. LOOM1S. I move to amend the section
by striking out all after the word " behalf," in
the sixth lino, down to the end of the thirteenth
line of the section. My object in moving this
amendment is to make the manufacturers liable
for tho actual amount of sales they make. A
gieat many manufacturers send their goods to
commission merchants, and they lie m their ware-
houses a long time without being sold. 1 think
it would be unjust to tax them upon any goods
exccpt what are sold.
Mr. ALLEY. That has been provided for in
my amendment.
Mr. LOOMIS. If that be so, I will withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 move to amend, in the
fourth line of the section, after the word "act-
ual," by inserting the words " cost thereof;" and
to strike out from that point down to and includ-
ing the word " warehouse," in the tenth line, as
follows:
Sales made by the manufactuier, or by his, her, or their
