2350
THE CONGBESSIQJNTAL GLOBE.
May 26,
in, and that the $20,000,000 direct tax will be
stricken off in accordance with the recommenda-
tion of the committee. I think this bill a very
fair one. I think it will yield all the money we
shall require, and I think it will be very equally
and fairly distributed, and distributed through the
very commerce which the Senator thinks is un-
duly taxed by the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. This bill is going to operate as
a pretty heavy tax on the commerce of the coun-
try; there is no mistake about that; but theie is
one radical eiror in the argument of the Senator
from New York, and it consists in the fact that
nineteen twentieths of the commerce of this nation
to-day is internal and not external commerce. In
Great Britain, an island with numerous commer-
cial towns, the proportion is much greater even
than it is in this country; but in this country it is
nineteen to one. It is true we have some great
commercial cities—New York, for instance; but
here are ten thousand channels of inland com-
merce that are pouting into it, and there we see it
conccntrated in one particular spot; but if the Sen-
ator will go out in the far West two thousand
miles, lie will find towns of twelve thousand peo-
ple where there is as much commerce, except in
the mere article of transportation, as there is in
any city on the Atlantic sea-board of three times
the population, and there are three times the num-
ber of commercial transactions that there are in a
corresponding city on the Atlantic coast. This
tax, therefore, is going to operate just as harshly
upon the commerce and the mercantile and the
banking transactions of the West as of the East.
We see it in the Atlantic cities because there it is
all drawn together, concentrated in a given spot,
and there we see a great many of our cities in ef-
fect combined, and we there notice their transac-
tions more perceptibly than we do in other sec-
tions of the country; but such is the fact; it is
going to operate just as severely upon us as upon
the eastern people. I wantthisamendmentadopt-
ed, because 1 do not wish tins law to become
odious. I know that it can be collected fiom the
nn'ii who handle the money. It comes indirectly
ofl the farmei s, at any rate. 11 is the agncultuial
population that is the basis of all wealth; and
although tins money may come through the hands
of commercial agents, manufacturers, and me-
chanics, in the end it will come from the pro-
d ueers.
The Senator tells us that New York hassuffeied
more from this war than any other portion of the
country, and that the fai mers have got rich. That
depends somewhat perhaps upon where the farm-
ers are. They cei tainiy have not in my State.
We have not been desolated by bands of maraud-
ers as they have been in Missouri or in Kentucky;
but there never was, anil there is not to-day, in
any of the southern States more complete pros-
tration than there has been in the State which I
have the honor in part to represent. Produce
has commanded no price. Unfortunately, by the
close of the Mississippi river we had no means
of outlet exccpt over the railroads which were
controlled by men who are not resident there, and
the result was that they asked twice or three times
as much for transportation as they had been in
the habit of asking before, so that corn has only
been worth from six to ten cents a bushel, and
wheat and all other agricultural products have
commanded corresponding prices. The farmers
1 think have not been a prosperous class, certainly
they have not been in the western country,since
the commencement of this wat; and I apprehend
that there have been more disasters, and there
have been more failures and more bankruptcies
in that section of the country in proportion to the
means embarked, than in the eastern States.
Mr. POWELL I hope tins section will be
adopted. The Senator fiom New York, I think,
was never more mistaken tiian when he asserted
that the farmers had been, making money out of
this war. I know that the condition of the farm-
ing interest in my own State, as expressed by the
Senator from Iowa, is true. Theie certainly never
was a time when the farming interest of Kentucky
was more oppressed than now. With the excep-
tion, perhaps, ot one single product, the prices
ha\e been exceedingly low. Corn is low, hemp
is low, and so on. Our farmers have never been
morcoppicssed. I hope the section will be adopted
as the committee have reported it.
Mr. HOWE, i feel especial interest in the
adoption of this amedment. i think it a very just
one. I think it a very necessary one. I should
be sorry to see it rejected. Either this assessment
of a direct tax is a just and equitable revenue
measure, or it is not. If it is just and equitable,
then the whole revenue of the nation might be and
ought to be collected in that way. If it is not, 1
submit that none of it ought to be collected in that
way. That it is not equitable was conceded by
the whole Legislature when this law was enacted
at the last session of Congress; but it was thought
necessary, to sustain the credit of the Government,
that there should be a proposition submitted and
adopted for collecting something, inequitable and
unjust though it was conceded to be. The reason
why it is unjustis because the Constitution abso-
lutely compels us to assess it, not upon property,
but according to population, to distribute among
the States not according to the wealth of the States
but according to the population of the States; and
owing to the past policy of the Government, and
the operation of causes which have notyetceased
to operate, the wealth of the different States com-
posing the Union has not kept pace with the pop-
ulation of those States.
The Senator from New York has let fall an in-
timation here which I have heard before during
the consideration of this bill, which is, that under
this bill the agricultural population of the country
is to escape taxation entirely. Itis a terrible mis-
take. 1 have once before remarked, and 1 wish
to remark again—finally, I hope—that the great
amount of this levenue is to fall upon consump-
tion, and consumption is not limited to the eastern
cities; it is regulated by the number of individuals.
The Senator from New York ventures the sug-
gestion that the city of New York will contribute
one fifth of this whole revenue. He does not
mean to be undeistood that one fifth of the rev-
enue to be collected under this bill will actually
come out of the purses of citizens of New York,
but simply that New Yoik will advance to the
Government one fifth of this tax, and assess it
upon its conti ibutois throughout this continent,
i'hat is what he means. lie is implied to vury
aptly by the Senator fiom Michigan, that New
York has done more than that, and has found her
account in doing it. Ever .since you had a rev-
enue system she has advanced three fifths of the
whole revenue of the Government, but she has
collected it, and she has collected an enormous
commission upon it from the labor and industiy
of the whole country; but I wish to remind the
Senator right here, that even if the city of New
York actually paid one fifth of this tax, it would
not be a very unequal thing. I suppose, really,
that the city of New York to-day is worth one
tenth as much as the nation. Her valuation was
estimated in 1858 at over eight hundred millions
of dollars. Her own best authorities conceded
that that was a good deal too low. I believe there
is a current estimate now upon the wealth of the
nation which places it at something like sixteen
thousand millions. If New York was worth
$1,000,000,000 then, or is worth $1,000,000,000
to-day, and the nation is worth $16,000,000,000,
instead of being one tenth she would be woith
one sixteenth as much as the nation. The city of
New York is well oil"; I am inclined to think she
is decidedly fore-handed. The deposits in 1858
in the savings banks of the city of New York fell
but a very little shortof the whole assessed wealth
of the State of Wisconsin, in which I reside—one
hundred and some odd millions of dollars, I do
not recollect the exact figure.
There is one system of revenue which, if it
were resoited to, would be just and equitable.
When we acquire the courage to institute what
has been called during this debate an inquisition,
and ascertain what the actual net income of the
nation is, the whole nation, and assess upon that
income whatever revenue you want, whether it is
$150,000,000 or $350,000,000, you will get a just
revenue measure, you will collect whatever rev-
enue you need, and collect it equitably. For such
a measure as that, I take it, the West is entirely
prepared; and I should hope the East would be
m a short time.
. I am not on the floor to make any special com-
plaint in reference to the operation of this bill as
it stands, upon the interests of one section or the
other; 1 may have occasion to say something upon
that point hereafter; but so often as the intimation
is thrown out here that any special favor, or any-
thing bearing the slightest similitude to favor, is
shown to the western portion of the country by
this bill, so often I must protest against it. I have
been examining it very carefully for a great while;
and I know and I feel that there is no such favor
shown to that section, and I hope the idea will be
dismissed.
It is said, and there is force in the remark, that
we cannot derive any present revenue from a por-
tion of the United States by reason of the rebel-
lion now on foot. We have not derived any part
of this direct tax from that portion of the United
States. This section only provides for repealing
the act after one year's revenue shall have been
collected. If we ever, as without any manner of
doubt, if God continues to reign above and Pres-
ident Lincoln continues to preside here below, we
shall, again regain our supremacy over those
States, we shall collect one year's tax; and when
we have regained that ascendency, we shall col-
lect from them from all the other sources of rev-
enue provided in this bill, just as we collect from
other States.
Mr. SIMMONS. As I voted in committee for
this amendment, perhaps I ought to say some-
thing in justification of my vote. I have never
believed that this direct tax was the best way of
getting revenue into the Treasury. I think it
operates most harshly on those portions of the
country that are least able to bear it, those that
have the least moneyed ability to pay taxes. For
that reason I voted for repealing what we call the
direct tax after one year's levy shall have been
collected. I should have been against that tax
originally if I did not think the whole country
during the first year of this war would be provided
by means from their stock on hand, the materials
they had grown and made, to pay their portion
of the tax; and i believe they have advanced it
already to the Government to a very great extent.
Wln-n I agreed to put it on last July or August,
I did not think that one year's tax while the war
was active would oppress the western country
because they would have quite as much means, in
the piovisions, supplies, horses, cfec., on hand to
pay their quota of the tax as any part of the coun-
try. 1 voted to put on this tax, and I am quite
as willing now to vote to take if off after this year.
I want to kt.ep one year's tax on so as togettheir
portion of it from the South, but I have notat any
time voted to put it on or to take it off from any
reasons such as have been assigned here. I do
not believe that a well-digested plan of internal
revenue need come out of the consumption of the
country, and if I did I would vote against that. I
am not for any gieater buiden on the consump-
tion of this country than it bears now. I want
wealth and improper indulgences to pay the rest.
These are the reasons which induce me to vote
for taking oil this direct tax. 1 represent about
as commercial and manufacturing a portion of the
country as there is in it—not large commerce as
they have in the big cities, but a good deal of
small commerce—and I am not at all apprehen-
sive, for I believe yet, notwithstanding I have had
rather hard fortune so far, that I shall be able to
convince the Committeee on Finance as well as
the Senate that we can lay sufficient taxation so
that it shall not come out of the consumption of
the country; and when the proper time comes I
intend to try to do so. I hope this amendment—I
believe it is the last one we made—will Ue adopted;
1 think it is about as wholesome a one as we have
made anywhere.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I believe I was the only
member of the Committee on Finance who voted
to retain this tax, and I am afraid the majority
against me will be about as large in the Senate as
it was in the committee.
Mr. HARRIS. I have some apprehension that
the majority will be against it; but I certainly
shall not go to swell that majority. My belief is
that it is just to retain this tax. However unpop-
ular it may be with the farming interest, I still be-
lieve that that interest ought to be charged with a
portion of the expenses of Government. 1 hear
a great deal said—I have all along in the Senate
and out of the Senate—about the effect of this
system of internal duties being to charge these
taxes upon the consumers. To the extent that a
tax will have that effect, I admit that it is just. I
do not agree with the Senator from Rhode island.
I think it is a fair distribution of the expenses of
the Government. But Senators assume a little
