CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1862.
New Series No. J
jflice; and sajd votes so falsely and fraudulently taken and
counted formed and constituted a part of the vote, to wit:
230 votes retained for William E. Lehman in said division
return, and reduced by the like amount the vote which
should have been returned in my favor, winch vote should
have been letumed, to wit: 74 votes."
The contestant, it will be seen, claims a seat in
this House by undertaking to show that the elec-
tion officers in these ten election divisions have
been guilty of a violation of law; and in order lo
substantiate this right, and make out his case in
accordance with the ordinary rules of evidence, it
is necessary for him to prove his charges, not
merely by the weigh t of testimony as in civil cases,
butestabiish them as in criminal prosecutions, be-
yond a reasonable doubt. And to show that such
is the law, I refer to page 56 of Best's Presump-
tive Evidence:
" Tt is aprcsurnptio juris, running through the whole law,
that no person shall, in the absence of criminative proof,
be supposed to have committed any violation of the ciim-
inal law, whether maZumw sc ot malum prohibitum. And
this presumption is not limited to pioceedtngs instituted
with the view of punishing the supposed oftense, but holds
in all civil and other proceedings for whatever purpose
originated, and vvhethei the guilt of the party comes m ques-
tion directly or collaterally."
But the sitting member does not claim, and the
minority of the committee do not insist upon the
benefit of any technicalities of this sort. So far
as the rights of the parties are concerned, the mi-
nority of the committee are disposed to have the
matter submitted to the House on the weight of
the testimony. The only evidence that has been
introduced by the contestants the recount of the
votes in the ballot-boxes; and it has been well
said, that in order to give confidence to that re-
count, and to justify the majority of the commit-
tee in their report m favor of the contestant, it was
necessary that, in the first place, these boxes
should be identified. This appeared to be a matter
of very considerable difficulty on the part of the
contestant. Theseboxes had no marks upon them,
no indications to show when they were used, or
at what election precincts. They were all of the
same size and color, and had, as appears from
the testimony, evidence of having been often used.
When witnesses were called upon for the purpose
of identifying them, and determining at what par-
ticular division thoy had been used, they were m
many instances wholly unable to do so. Alder-
man McMullen, one of the witnesses who was
first called upon, was requested to produce a box
which belonged to the seventh division of the
fourth ward. He produced a box which he said
he believed to have belonged to that division. On
opening it, it was found to have been used at the
presidential instead of the State election. And so
he went on from 'box to box, guessing1 at the right
one, till he opened four before he found the one
he was in search of. This, gentlemen, is but a fair
example of the persistent efforts made to discover
these boxes. The principal evidence which is
claimed as showing their identity is that which
results from their contents. If the contents agreed
with the official return as made by the election
officers, their identity was reg<uded as established.
If it came near it, it was regarded as good proof
of identity, yet not absolutely conclusive. If the
discrepancy was very considerable, it was a proof
against identity, and the identity had to be estab- j
hshed in some other way. It seems to me that ,
the fact of the difference being small is very un- .
satisfactory evidence of identity, and that where <
the difference was large', the box being identified, j
it was either evidence of fraud on the part of the j
election officers or of some one else; and then the j
question to determine would be whether it was j
the fraud of the election officers or some one else. I
Then, again, the manner in which these boxes I
were kept shows that little confidence was to be j
placed m the security either of the boxes or of J
their contents. To show how they were kept I j
will ask the attention of the House to a few ex- I
tracts from the testimony of the two witnesses in
whose custody, or rather on whose premises, the
boxes were found. Alderman McMullen testifies:
" Question^ (by Mr. Webster.) Who received these boxes
on the night of the election }
"Answer. I received the seventh and eighth divisions;
24
my wife received the others. I was not present. She re-
ceived them after twelve o'clock at night. I put the two I re-
ceived under the desk in my office. I then shut up the office;
I locked it in the inside. I left no one there to take charge.
When 1 eame back i found the boxes in the back office that
had been left there by mv wife; they had been brought
tlieie after I left. I do not'know who broughtthem,of my
own knowledge ; they obtained access by a side door that
enteis into the dwelling part of the house ; that door is al-
ways open. My wife and family lived there ; time was no
peison taking care of them. I returned on the morning of
the next day, say about nine o'clock, to the office. My
office was open before that, 1 presume, a1? usual. I placed
them after that down staiis, where they remained a couple
of days. When t saw the election was going to be clo-;e,
I put ihem m my bedioom ; thev were there, on Wednesday
and Thuisday. I think they weie put away before the ic-
turn judges met. They were in the fiont office, under my
des>k, piled up in the cornei."
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Loomis]
says that these boxes were kept with unusual
care; that they were earned into this alderman's
bedroom. It seems that they were kept there for
the long space of two days out of a punod of three
months, and then they were taken to lus office and
piled up m the corner.
I now read from the testimony of Alderman
Carter. The boxes supposed to have been used
in the second division of the second ward, and in
the second division of the third ward, were in the
office of Alderman Carter. In respect to their
custody, and that of the other boxes he had in
charge, he says, in his cross-examination, as fol-
lows:
" Question. Were the boxes locked up or secured in any
special way ?
" Ansver. No, sir.
" Qjicsfion. Was it anybody's business or charge to watch
these boxes and see that nobody tampered with them ?
u Ansucr. No, sn ; no one m paiticulnr.
" Question. Who has access to your office, where these
boxes were placed, when you are not theref
" Answer. My family geneially 111 the office, and once
in a while the constable ot the ward takes the liberty of
going behind the detk to write.
u Question. Iiave you been kepi away from your office
lately in consequence of Mckncsn?
il Answer. Yec, sn.
tl Question. How long?
" Jlnswcr. Pome three week's the last time, and previous
to that, since the October election, may be seven or eight
weeks m all.
" Question. Duiing that time were you confined to your
room ?
u Answer. I was.
" Question. Was your office open during that time?
" Answer. Yes., Mr.
" Question Ilow many boxes have you still in your office
not pioduced lo-day?
" Answer. I should guess inside of twenty."
It would seem, Mr. Speaker, that these boxes
were about as safe in the custody of these alder-
men as they would have been in the office of u
county magistrate or in a county court-room; al-
though we know that the county court-room is
not always open as the alderman 's office was. So
far as we can see, there was nothing to prevent
any person going to these boxes ariu, if he had j
the disposition to do mo, opening them and finding
out what was inside. For how were these boxes ;
secured ? That has been very truly described by '
the gentleman who preceded me on the other side.
They were simply wound around with tape, and
had sealing wax dropped upon the tape. That was
all. It would not have been a feat of any great in-
genuity on the part of any one to unwind that tape,
and afterwards replace it, or to violate and replace t
the seals. It might have been done, so far as lean
see, by any person who had the disposition to do
it on any day between the 9th of October, 1860,
and the 1st of January following. There was a
recountof the votes in these boxes; and the num-
ber of votes claimed to be gained by the contest- ;
ant is referred to in the reports of the majority j
and minority of the committee. In two of these j
election divisions the recount agrees precisely
with the official return. In one division there was |
one; in another three; in another seven ; in another j
ten, and in still another twenty difference. i
As I understand the gentlemen on the otherside ;
they state that this twenty gain in behalf of the :
contestant was probably the result of accident or !
inadvertence in the election officers, and not of !
fraud; arid I think that we may assume, then, that j
where the number gained was smaller than twenty !
it was also the result of mistake and not of fraud*
It is then for this House to say, if the question,,
should come to that, whether any admitted mis-
take in regard to this contest should be received,,
in evidence to maintain these specifications* *1
understand that the rules of pleading and evidence-
in this contest are analogous to those in civil cases.
Such have been the decisions of this House, and
in the English Parliament. The statute requires
the specifications to state particularly the grounds
upon which the contestantclaims his seat, lihas
been decided by this House in the contested-eluc-
tion case of Leib, of Pennsylvania, that
" The petition againstthe election of any person returned
as a membei of the House of Representatives ought tostate
the ground on which the election is contested with bueh
certainty as to give reasonable notice thereof to the sitting
member, and to enablo the Hou&e to jud^e whether the
same be verified by the proof, and, if proved, whether itbe.
sufficient to vacate the seat; and the petitioner ought not
to be pei muted to give evidence of any fact not subj*tan-
tiaily alleged in his petition."—Contested-Election Cases,
page 165.
The question for the House to consider is,
whether there has been any allegation in these
specifications such as to warrant the admission of
testimony in respect to the recount of these divis-
ion boxes, where the gain claimed is so smalt?
In one of the other divisions there was a gain of
21 votes on the recount—that was in the seventh
division of the fourth ward. In the second divis-
ion of the third ward the gain is 70, and in the
second division of the second ward it is 35; and
the difference between the recount and the official
returns in all of these three cases leaves no doubt
in my mind that it must have been the result of
fraud in the election officers or of fraud on the part
of some one else.
Here, then, Mr. Speaker, is the case of the con-
testant as he has presented it. He claims that lie
has proved by the testimony that he has adduced
before the committee, and which is now before
this House, that ho has gained by this recount 167
votes,a sufficient number to overcome the majority
of the sitting member, and to give the contestant a
majority of 35 votes. Ad milting that the testimony
is proper, we will first inquire whether it is the best
evidence that the contestant could produce—for we
have the right to require of a litigant heie, as well
as a litigant m couu, to produce before the com-
mittee the best testimony that the case will admit.
We claim, for instance, that in the seventh division
of the fourth ward, where the contestant claims
53 votes instead of 44, that if he had 53 votes the
testimony of 53 voters in that division would
be better evidence for him than the count of the
ballots found in t]ie ballot-boxes, kept as these
were three months after the day of election. So
in the second division of the third ward. He claims
that he received 157 votes instead of 112. If he
received 157 votes, should he not have made some
effort at least to have shown that fact from the
voters themselves? These voting districts were
small—a small fraction of the several wards of the
city of Philadelphia. The names of the voters
have been copied upon the poll-list; and not only
that, but the voters in the State of Pennsylvania
must reside in the district where they vote.
But, again, the theory of the contestant pro-
ceeds upon the idea that the election officcra, after
the election had closed, returned to the ballot-
boxes the same votes that they received from the
voters. That is, that these election officers—after
they had been guilty of making a false return and
a false count—put the same votes in the ballot-
boxes, and sealed them up for the use of the pros-
ecuting officers of the State. But what evidence
has been produced here on the part of the con-
testant that these officers returned those votes to
those boxes at all? If theie is any testimony on
that point, 1 have been unable to find it. I think
that there is none; and the presumption is, that
they did not rttuin the votes that they received
from tho votc-rs. On this point I beg to read from
Best's Presumptive Ewdence, page 129:
a Cut the presumption agnin't the spoliator of docu-
ments i* not confined to assuming those documents to be
ot a nature hostile to the spoliator, and procuring a wore
favorable reception for the evidence of his opponent; oat it
