1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2351
too much when they assume that the effect of this
bill will be to charge the enormous amount of tax-
ation that is to be raised upon the consumers. Sir,
it is not so. I admit that, in the case of manu-
factures, to some extent, it is so; I admit that in
the heavy tax upon whisky ami beer, it is so; but
there is a very Jorge amountof this tax in respect
to which it is not true. I inquired of the chair-
man the other day how much he expected to raise
from this system of stamp duties, and I think he
told me $15,000,000. Who is the consumer in
that case? I should like to learn how that is dis-
tnbuUd among the agricultural portion of the
country. Where does that fall? Does it not fall
on those engaged in commercial tiansactiops in
our large towns? As I have said, four fifths of
this stamp tax will fall upon our large cities, and
not a dollar of it will be compensated by any
connection with the country.
Then again, in relation to licenses: all our bus-
iness men in our cities are obliged to take out
licenses, some at a very heavy rate. Small bus-
iness men are obliged to take out licenses. I should
like to know where the consumer is in that case.
Then, again, advertisements are taxed. Where
is that tax to be paid? Of course, in our cities.
Does the country help to pay that? So of the
tax on auction sales. Where is the consumer that
contributes to pay the tax on auction sales in our
large towns? And so I might go on. It is only
a few items of this immense tax that are distrib-
uted among the consumers; it is but a small pro-
portion of it.
The Senator from Wisconsin has said that it
was conceded at the last session of Congress that
it was inequitable and unjust to collect money by
direct taxation. Sir, that Senator assumes too
much. I do not understand that it was ever con-
ceded. The fiamers of our Constitution under-
stood what they were about when they declared
that the equitable and just mode of taxation was
according to the population of the States. I in-
sist now that tlmt is equitable and just. But it
was contended lastsummer, and I assented to the
proposition, that the western States were utterly
unable to pay their share, according to the Con-
stitution, of the immense amount that must be
raised for the expenses of the Government; and
because they were unable, I, for one, was willing
to vote for an indirect system of taxation which
should charge the larger share upon the eastern
States. I agree now that it is right, it is neces-
sary; but it is not unjust that those States should
pay their share, according to the Constitution. It
is equitable, though they may be unable to do it.
1 admit that the landed interest of the country can-
not pay taxes so well as the commercial interest;
but that is no reason why injustice should be done.
Now, sir, I think it is but fair and just that the
great landed interest of the country should con-
tribute its share, a small share this will be indeed,
a very small share, but a share towards the ex-
penses of this Government; and that the farming
interest, the landed interest, the western interest,
should pay something more than they pay by this
indirect mode of taxation, under the theory of put-
ting the tax on the consumers. I insist that there
should be a direct tax upon the landed interest of
the country. We all know that the operation of
a direct tax is to charge nine tenths, and probably
a much larger portion than that, upon the landed
interest of the country, and 1 insist that that in-
terest ought in this case to be charged with some
portion of this tax.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from New
York does not seem to appreciate the action of
commerce. He asks how the stamp tax can fall
upon consumers, and insists that that is all paid
by the large cities. Cities are created and are sus-
tained by the profits of commerce. Every item
of expense that goes into a mercantile establish-
ment is the basis of profit in that establishment.
He instances auction sales. Why, sir, does he
not understand that the merchant puts every item,
however small, of expenditure preceding his sale
as a profit upon that sale ? If one quarter per cent,
is not enough to pay the dealer in stocks for his
purchasing and selling under this system, he will
charge three eighths; if three eighths is not enough,
he will charge one half. So with every branch of
business and every dealer. I insist that every dol-
lar of this tax falls ultimately upon the consumer
of the product. Take this stamp tax, which the
Senator finds so much fault with, and which will
yield a large sum, and which he says is an oppres-
sive tax; it goes into the expense account. The
jobber, if five per cent, is not enough, will put on
six; if six is not enough, he will put on eight; and
if eight is not enough, he will put on ten; and it
ultimately falls upon the consumer of the goods.
Take the item of live stock which is brought
from the Northwest to the East. That alone
amounts to over one hundred millions of dollars
a year. If you charge the cattle broker so high
a tax that he cannot afford to sell his cattle for
one half of one per cent., he will charge three
fourths; and where does that fall? It falls upon
the raiser of cattle, and legitimately, too. So in
this case, instead of its falling unfairly upon the
capitalists of the eastern cities, they are in reality
exempt almost entirely from the burden of this
immense tax. It falls upon the agricultural in-
terests of the country more severely than upon
any other.
Then, again, look at your tax for the transfer
of property. Without these means of taxation
of which the Senator complains, William B. Astor
would pay no more tax than the mechanic who
was working for two dollars a day, because he
consumes as much as Mr. Astor. 1 think the
Senator isr altogether mistaken in his reasoning.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are some amend-
ments that ought to be made to the bill, which I
should like to offer before general amendments
are offered. Some of them are verbal; some are
agreed upon by the committee. In section six,
line four 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster,in
the chair.) The Chair would suggest that there
are some amendments which were taken up and
discussed and the question upon them waived.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are two of those
amendments, and 1 shall dispose of one, leaving
the cotton one to stand by itself. In line four of
section six the word " annually," before the word
"when," should be stricken out; so as to read,
"made liable to any duty, license, stamp, or tax
imposed by this act, when not otherwise and dif-
ferently provided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate having re-
fused to agree to the amendment in regard to re-
cording the bonds of the collectors, on the 31st
page, the original provision, I think, should be
amended. The Senate refused to insert the words
"in all cases where the official bond of such col-
lector has been duly recorded as aforesaid,*'as a
limitation of the lien. Now, instead of striking
out the clause, I move to amend by simply strik-
ing out the words " and his sureties," leaving the
lien to exist on the estate of the collector.
Mr. SHERMAN. One of the amendments
which I design to offer relates to that very section.
I desire,after the word " sureties," to insert, " sit-
uated within any judicial district of the United
States, after a copy of the said report or statement
of the Comptroller of the Treasury shall be filed
for record in the office of the clerk of the district
courtwithin suchdistrict,"soas to make the state-
ment of the Comptroller of the Treasury in the
nature of a judgment, which, when filed in the
district court of the United States, shall be a lien
not only on the property of the principal but of
the sureties within the district. I think that would
be proper.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator propose to
keep in the sureties?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; to give a limited
lien on the property of the sureties. I will read
theclause as it would be if my amendment should
be adopted:
And the amount of the sums due fiom any collector, as
aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby, declared to be a
lion upon ihe lands and leal estate of such colleetorand his
sureties, situated within any judicial district of the United
States, after a copy of the said repou or statement of the
Compuoil -r of tlio Tiea&ury shall be filed for iccoid in the
office of the cleik of the district couit within such district.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What report is referred to?
Mr. SHERMAN. This twenty-sixth section
provides for a report of the First Comptroller or
the Treasury, and authorizes proceedings to bo
had upon his statement as upon a judgment, and
I further provide that this statement maybe filed
in the district cout t, and when there recorded shall ,
operate as a judgment lien. It gives to the state-
ment of the First Comptroller of the Treasury ;
precisely the force and effect of a lien upon the
real estate of the collector and his sureties within
the district in which the statement is filed.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Ohio how that would operate in cases
where the local law of the State requires that there
shall be a record of any instrument of writing
within the county in which the real estate is lo-
cated, in order to affect that real estate. For in-
stance, in the State where I belong, even a judg-
ment in the district court of the United States is
not alien upon any real estate unless it is recorded
with the recorder of the county where the real
estate is situated. * Now you propose, by making
a record of a bond given by one of the officers
under this law, within the judicial district, to make
it operate as a lien over all the real estate that may
lie within that district.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly satisfied to
dispense with the lien entirely, but Senators, in
the discussion the other day, seemed anxious to
have some kind *>f a lien, so that the Government
might have some hold on the property of the col-
lector and his sureties at the proper time. Section
twenty-six provides that the Comptroller shall
make out a statement of the balance due from a
collector at a certain time, and that when that
statement is made outcertain proceedings maybe
had thereon,and the property, real and personal,
of the collector and his sureties, seized after no-
tice is given, as upon a judgment. The same
proceedings are had upon the statement of the
Comptroller of the Treasury as upon the judgment
of a court. That is the provision as it stands, I
propose to go a liltle further, to give the Govern-
ment an opportunity to fasten on the real estate
of the principal and sureties from the time stated
in the account, so as to prevent the collector, while
these proceedings are going on, from selling his
estate. The district attorney may take the proper
proceedings to get a lien after a statement of in-
debtedness is made out, upon the land of tho prin-
cipal and his sureties. In nearly all the States, a
judgment in the district court of the United Stales
operates as a lien generally. It does in Ohio, and
it docs in most of the Slates, I think. It seems
it is not so in California.
Mr. LATHAM. It is not so in Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I may be mistaken in re-
gard to some of the States.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman is partly
right. We have a mesne piocess throughout New
England by which we attach real estate in the
commencement of a suit, that lenders the judg-
ment a lien. The Government orany other plain-
tiff can make its judgment a Hen by commencing
with process to attach the leal estate; but the judg-
ment itself does not become a lien merely by re-
cording it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The laws of the different
States, then, are so diverse in regard to Hens that,
as a matter of course, we must have this law
applicable to all, and I can see no great objec-
tion to allowing the United States to get a lien
on the property of the principal and his sureties
after a statement is made out in due form by the
Comptroller of the Treasury. So far as 1 am
concerned, I do not care to have any lien created;
but if any lien is given to the United States, I
think this is the only practical form in which it
can be given. As the section nowstands, it makes
the amount due from the collector a lien upon all
the property of the collector and his sureties from
the date of the bond to the final settlement of the
accounts of the collector. We all agreed that
that should be modified. I propose to limit the
lien to a lien to be acquired after the statement of
the Comptroller of the balance due from the col-
lector is made out in due form, and upon that
statement execution may be issued as upon a judg-
ment, and I see no reason why at the same time
the United Slates may not get a lien. There are
district courts in all the States, and this will be a
lien that will be pretty well understood and pretty
well known. Everybody can guard against any
danger in the purchase of property, because the
statement of indebtedness would contain all the
papers that were necessary to give notice to every
person dealing with the collector.
Mr. WILLEY. I suggest to the Senators who
are trying to airange this matter, whether they
cannotinseit some provision in geneial terms that
these bonds shall be recorded in manner and form
as is required by the law of each State, that sim-
