'71
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 15, 1862.
New Series No. 208.
oath of allegiance and support the Constitution of
the United States, (or affirm, as the case may be,)
as required of persons in the civil service of the
United States by the provisions of the act of Con-
gress approved August 6, 1861. The oath or
affirmation may be taken before any justicc of the
peace, notary public, or other person who is le-
gally authorized to administer an oath in the State
or district where the same may be administered;
and any violation of it will subject the offender to
all the pains and penalties of willful and corrupt
perjury, and be liable to be indicted and prosecuted
to conviction for any such offense before any court
having competent jurisdiction theerof.
Mr. RICE. I have an amendment that I should
like to offer to this bill. It is in line five of sec-
tion one, after the word " rebellion," to insert the
words "and all persons prosecuting claims either
as attorney or on his own account before any of
the Departments or bureaus of the United States;"
so thatr'it will read: a
9
That the commanders* of all American sailing vessels
fiom ports in the United States to foreign porta., duiing the
continuance of the present rebellion, and all persons pios-
ecuting claims either as attorney or on his own account be-
fore any of the Departments or bureaus of the United States,
shall be required t<f take the oath of allegiance, &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read, " A bill
requiring the commanders of American vessels
and persons prosecuting claims to take the oath of
allegiance."
CALIFORNIA COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask that Senate bill
No. 203 be taken up. It will save from fifteen to
eighteen thousand dollars to the Government, and
will not lead to any discussion. /
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia yielding the floor, and no other Sen-
ator objecting 
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
title of the bill.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
A bill (S. No. 203) to amend an. act entitled "An act to
create additional collection districts in the State of Califor-
nia, and to change the existingUistriets therein, and to mod-
ify the existing collection districts in the United States,"
approved September 23, 1850.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the bill read
through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair al-
ways calls for the reading of a bill at length before
it is considered.
Mr. CHANDLER. Tins bill has been reported
from the Committee on Commerce unanimously.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall continue with
the business regularly befoie the Senate. This is
entiiely out of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
onlyby common consent; the Senator having the
floor, in the first place, yielding it for that purpose,
and no other Senator objecting. The Chair takes
care to put the question distinctly whether there
is unanimous consent for these irregular proceed-
ings.
Mr. GRIMES. There has been no unanimous
consent given to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. WADE. Not that 1 know of.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will lead to iio discus-
sion, and will save from sixteen to eighteen thou-
sand dollars annually to the Government, i hope
it will be allowed to pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any Sen-
ator object ?
Mr. WADE. I do. It may save money to the
Government, but 1 think it should be looked into,
and should not be passed in this irregular way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the Sen-
ator from Virginia will pioceed with his remarks
on his amendment to the amendment of his col-
league on Senate bill No. 365.
Mr. POWELL. With the permission of the
Senator from Virginia, 1 desire to move to take
up Senate bill No. 358.
Mr. WADE. I will notgive my consent to it.
Mr. CARLILE. I trust the Senator from
Kentucky will excuse me. 1 think I had better
^go on with my remarks.
Mr. POWELL. It will take but a moment,
and if the Senator will allow me, I will state the
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There can be
no discussion upon it. A single objection pre-
vents these proceedings. *
ADMISSION OF WEST VIRGINIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 365) providing for the admission of
the State of West Virginia into the Union.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, keeping in
viewthe great object which I have avowed m my
remarks, to be attained by this proposed sepa-
ration, to wit, unanimity and the disappearance of
divisions in our midst, 1 desire to call the attention
of Senators to the fact which they have seen, if
they have taken the trouble to examine the me-
morial, that the convention which formed this con-
stitution included within the proposed boundaries
a larger number and other counties than were in-
cluded and specified in the ordinance calling the
convention together. Among these counties in-
cluded, which were not included in the original
ordinance summoning the convention to organize
a constitution for the new State, are the counties of
—which have never been represented m any of the
conventions or of the Legislature of the State under
the reorganized State government—Logan, Cal-
houn, Nicholas, McDowell, Merccr, Monroe,
Greenbrier, Pocahontas, Webster, Morgan, and
Pendleton, containing a white population of fifty-
five thousand four hundred and sixty-six. When
it is borne in mind that here are eleven counties
that have never been represented either in the con-
vention that authorized a vote of the people to be
taken upon the question of a new State, or in the
Legislature of the State, or in the convention that
formed the constitution of the State, that ne ver had
an opportunity to give expression to their senti-
ments on this subject as far asjt has gone; when
it is remembered that the counties of Hampshire,
Hardy,and Morgan,which are also included with-
in the proposed boundaries have only been repre-
sented through a senator from that district, never
having a single member of the House of Delegates
in the General Assembly—with these facts before
the Senate, I submit, if there is not an obvious
propriety in the adoption of the amendment I have
proposed, so that these people may have an oppor-
tunity of giving their assent'and of acting upon
the proposed conditions.
Now, sir, what would be the effect? I desire
Senators to bear in mind Unit 1 am looking to a
cessation of hostilities upon the admission of this
new State. I am looking to a restoration of har-
mony among its people. I will not by my act do
anything that tends to sowthe seeds of discord and
to perpetuate division of sentiment among them.
Well may these people say, if you refuse to them
the right to pass upon these conditions,that they
are not morally, neither are they legally, bound to
regard these stipulations; andiftheyareadmitted
upon an equal footing with the rest of the States,
they will have the right after their admission to
change their organic law. I will not say that
they would do so; but I ask, why upbraid them if
they chose to disregard your stipulations, never
having been consulted atall as to them, and many
of them never having been consulted atall upon
the subject in any manner, shape, or form, either
directly or through representation in any of the
bodies whic'lrorigmated this proceeding and have
acted upon it. I have in my eye one county that
; polls from eight hundred to a thousand votes,
that was represented m this convention by a man
> upon seventy-six votes alone. I have jn my eye
another county that polls from twelve to fifteen
hundred votes, that was represented in this con-
vention by a man receiving less than four hundred
votes. I give these as instances. There are others
to which I can refer. When these facts are con-
sidered, is it not but policy, to say nothing of jus-
tice, is it not demanded, does not the Senate owe
it to itself, when it comes to the conclusion to reject
the application for immediate admission, and to
exact of the people of West Virginia certain stip-
ulations, to give that people an opportunity to pass
upon those stipulations by which they are ex-
pected to be for all time to come bound?
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Virginia if he means to intimate or
assert that the convention in Western Virginia did
not represent the people and the whole people of
that section? %
Mr. CARLILE. I mean nothing further than
I have said. I have said that that convention had
in it representatives who did'not receive one vote
in ren in the counties which they proposed to rep-
resent.
Mr. WILLEY. I will put this question, with
the leave of my colleague: whether he doesf-not
know that in those counties no more votes than
those were given because they were partially and
sometimes wholly overrun by the forces of the
enemy?
Mr. CARLILE. To some extent that may
have been so, but not in all, for if I recollect aright,
in the county of Ohio, where the usual vote is
upwards of three thousand, one of the delegates
to the convention, and the leader of the emanci-
pation party, rcccivcd but a little o^er six hundred
votes.
Mr. WILLEY. And if a fair expression of
opinion could have been taken there, there would
not only be a larger vote, but they are eagerly and
anxiously desirous for a new State.
Mr. CARLILE. If my colleague will just'bear
with me a little while he will find that I will noth-
ing keep-back or ought set down in malice. lt"is
for the purpose that I have avowed that I felt it
incumbent on me to detain the Senate with the re-
marks 1 have made; and which I should not have
made if my colleague had allowed, and it had been
the pleasure of the Senate to have voted on the
amendment offered without discussion. My col-
league remarks that I submitted that amendment
without saying anything why I submitted it. I
therefore felt it was my duty to explain the rea-
son. I was willing and content that the vote
should be taken without discussion; but when
called upon, and the attention of the country be-
ing called to the fact of my not detaining the Sen-
ate by remarks upon it, I felt it due to myself and
to the Senate to explain it. It neverenterod into
my mind that there would be a single opposing
vote to the amendment I proposed^ It cannot de-
lay the admission of the State; it cannot have any
injurious effect. All the consequences following
fiom it muse be to harmonize and to conform to
our republican foi m of Government. It is in ac-
cordance with the letterand the spirit of our insti-
tutions. The very reason which my colleague
assigns, by way of answer to the remark that I
made, that men represented in the convention peo-
ple from whom they did not receive one vote in
ten, is an argument, I think, irresistibly in favor
of the adoption of the amendment. I grant that
m many of those counties the pc-ople were pre-
vented from voting. 1 have no doubt whatever
that they would all have bpen represented if they
had been free from military terror; but if Sen-
ators have paid attention to the memorial upon
this subject before tins body they will see—what?
That the Legislature and the convention that or-
ganized this proceeding contemplated—and I call
the attention of Senators to this clause of the ordi-
nance—that there mightbe counties upon the day
named that were in a condition not to vote upon
this constitution; and they expressly provided
that at a subsequent period, when they were in a
1 condition to vote, they should be allowed to do
| so. It is right thai these people should be con-
; suited. I have no doubt myself, although 1 should
! not allow it to govern my action, as to what
t would be the action of that people. I have no
i doubt, furthermore, that if they are refused the
I opportunity to pass upon it, we shall have more
208
