1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
the candidate of his party for Governor. If the
vote upon the recount were allowed him in the
second division eff that ward, he would be 30 votes
ahead of the Governor. In the seventh division
of ward four, ho is credited in the official returns
■with 11 votes more than the candidate of his party
for Governor. If the gain of 21 votes should be
allowed him it would increase the disparity in the
same proportion. The aggregate he would gain
over the candidate for Governor in those three
divisions would be 68 votes, which is a larger
aggregate gain over the vote for the candidate for
Governor than he had m all the other divisions
of the district united. How is the disparity in
these particular divisions to be accounted for or
explained ? If his vote in these several divisions
had been as much less than that of the candidate
for Governor as it is now more, it would have
been relied upon as a very significant fact m sup-
port of the case of the contestant; but being as it
is, instead of showing fraud on the part of these
judges, it has, in my judgment, very pointed sig-
nificancy in respect to the integrity of these bal-
lot-boxes. I can explain it in no other way than
by the presumption that these ballot-boxes have
been tampered with, and tampered with by de-
sign.
Mr. HARIUSON. I desire to ask my colleague
a question. I have not had an opportunity of ex-
amining the testimony in this case,and therefore
1 would inquire of him whether there was any
evidence before the Committee of Elections tend-
ing to explain why thiee months elapsed from the
time the ballot-boxes were placed in the posses-
sion of the aldermen before the recount took place?
Mr. WORCESTER. There is no explanation
in the testimony upon that point. The testimony
shows that the boxes remained in the same cus-
tody, or rather, I should say, in the possession
or on the premises, of the men by whom they were
taken immediately after the election.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps my colleague upon the
committee has overlooked this fact, that the elec-
tion was held on the second Tuesday in October,
and that up to, I believe, the 9th day of November,
the contestant was declared the sitting member,
and of course had no occasion to move in the mat-
tor. On the 9th day of November, the Governor,
by his proclamation, very properly, as i think,
declared that the sitting member was entitled to
the certificate. ^
The law requires that the man who contests with
him who holds the certificate shall file his alle-
gation in a given time. He has thirty days to do
it in. The lespondent then has thirty days to file
his answer, before testimony can be taken. That
length of time did not elapse, however, because
these parties did not avail themselves of all the
time allowed; but a whole month elapsed before
any certificate was granted to anybody, belore
either of them knew which of them was to file the
allegation. On the 6th of December, which was
another month, the last of the specifications was
filed by the contestant. To that the sitting mem-
ber responded without any unreasonable delay.
But two months elapsed, necessarily, before the
pleadings were in such a shape as to call upon the
sitting member for his final answer. He had some
time—I do noti-emember exactly how much time—
to file his answer, and then it was, m the early
part of January, that they commenced the taking
of testimony. Perhaps that is some explanation.
Mr. WORCESTER. My recollection is, that
the original specifications were filed on the 9th of
November, and in those specifiations there was
no notice of uny intention on the part of the con-
testant to resort to these ballot-boxes. After-
wards, on the 6th day of December, additional
specifications were fiie;l,and appended_ to those
specifications was a notice given to the sit ting mem-
ber that the contestant would resort to the ballot-
boxes for a lecount, but there is nothing in the
testimony before the committee which goes to
show that any steps or measures were taken to
add security in any way to the ballot-boxes or
their contents.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps my friend can state to
the House what it was that the contestant could
do to add to the security of ballot-boxes which
were in the custody of the law and not within his
reach.
Mr. WORCESTER. I suppose there are means
of preserving and perpetuating testimony in the
State of Pennsylvania. I believe there are in most
of our States, and I hope tho laws of Pennsylva-
nia are not defective on that point.
Mr. DAWES. There are no means in the State
of Pennsylvania for preserving testimony in con-
tested-election cases before this House except
those prescribed by an act of Congress, and that
act I have stated.
Mr. WORCESTER. I cannotanswer the gen-
tleman on that.point. As I have said, this is the
first case of the kind that has occurred here. I
know of no other like itin the history of contested
elections. I believe it to be without precedent;
and it is for the House now to determine, by its
action in this case, what practice is to be inaugu-
rated in respcct to cases of this character. If a
party, who is defeated in a contest at the ballot-
box for a seat upon this floor, can, without any
showing at all, without giving security in any
manner, upon his own mere motion go to the
magistrates, or to the trustees of a township, oi to
the aldermen of a city, and claim from them, by
giving notice of contest, that the ballot-boxes
shall be reopened and the ballots recounted, it is
time that this House knew that such is the state
of the law. As I said, the case is without prece-
dent; and I will say further, that, in the State of
Pennsylvania, under whose laws these ballot-
boxes are provided and kept, though there are
quite a number of precedents repoited in their
books where parties have attempted to resort to
the ballot-boxes for a recount, in eveiy reported
case the motion has been denied by their courts.
Such a motion, when made before their courts,
has to be made upon the oath of the party that
the ballot-boxes contain evidence that would be
pertinent to the issue to be tried. And not only
that, sir; but it is necessary, under their laws,
that that notice shall be given within a very short
time after the election takes place; and relief can
be granted m such cases only upon a showing,
under oath, and upon the order of the court. In
this case it was done by the aUof the party him-
self; and if this ease is to be drawn into a prece-
dent, then 1 may well ask which of us is safe in
our seats here?* There is not a member of this
House in whose case the ballot-boxes may not be
opened and a recount demanded under similar
circumstances.
I have now, Mr. Speaker, called the attention
of the House to all the points in the case to which
I desired to refer; and I thank the House and my
colleague for permitting to conclude my re-
marks.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, feeling con-
strained to differ from the conclusion at which the
majority of the committee have arrived, without
any purpose whatever to detain the House by any
extended remarks, I beg leave to refer to one or
two of the principal points in this case.
By the action of the House at the extra session,
as it is called, the sitting member acquiies what
lawyers call a prima facie right to his seat. That
is opposed by the contestant by what he says is
proof that overcomes it, and settles the merits of
the controversy. That proof consist? entirely and
exclusively in a recount of the ballots which lie
says were cast at that election. Nov, everything
depends completely and entirely on the fact on
which this proof can alone be predicated the
identity of the ballots counted with those that were
cast at that election. If there is a failure 111 the
proof to establish that identity, then the proof
necessarily fails, and so far as it is made to depend
on them it leaves the case entirely uncompromiscd.
Now, I do not propose to examine the question
of legal custody. I do not propose to say a word
about the proof of the identity of these ballots,
except as to that which is drawn from a single and
most peculiar source. On page 6 of the majority
report you find just exactly the kind of proof of
identity on which the committee predicated their
report in favor of the contestant. It is tins:
"The Ic-timony shows thai there was much difficulty in
deteiimmngto what paiticiilarclivi-ions tnebnxes belonged
befoie lliey weie opened, as the boxesgeneially wciewitli-
out labels 01 external niatks of identification. But it is not
essential that the boxes should be identified bnote being
opened After any bo*: had been opened then: was lltlie
dangei "f nji.-take m deteiniining to what election and to
what division it belonged." "
'• If the names o) tlie contestant and respondent, as can-
didates for Congtoss, weie fouud on the tickets, it would
be eeitain that the ballots were ea-tat the election in ques-
tion. as those gentlemen were nevei oppo^ng candidates at
anj- other time "
Now, sir, this case is met with a proposition to
give in evidence the contents of certain papers.
What is the first question ? You must not only
establish the identity of the papers, but you must
also establish their execution. How da you es-
tablish the identity of the papers ? It is sought to
be done hereby showing the custody from which
they were taken. How establish that? The com-
mittee themselves say that these papers—the bal-
lots that have been used—can be witnesses in tile
case to establish the identity,
Mr. DAWES. The paper that the.committee
speak of as one of the papers sealed up in a par-
ticular box is the oath taken by.three men as
judges, to which paper their names are attached,
and the certificate of the magistrate. Three men
bearing those names were judges in a particular
district. There are no such names of men as
judges in any other district. The law requires
that the boxes shall be sealed up, with the certifi-
cate of their qualifications in it. Now, I wish to
know from my friend what more is necessary,
when you open a box containing that certificate
and these names, to trace it right to that division!
That is the identity.
Mr. RIDDLE. It so happens, Mr. Speaker,
that tho ballots are not laid in the box with the
certificate, but are in a box by themselves. I know
that they are found within the same box; but they
are just as effectually cut off from each other as
if they weie a thousand miles apart. Does the
gentleman claim to identify these ballots by the
other papers to which he refers? These papers
contradict his ballots.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see the gentleman's
point, or he does not see mine. 1 understood him
to say, which induced me to rise, that the papers
that were fouri*d were no evidence, for the reason
that we did not prove their execution. There is
no such thing as proving the execution of a ballot.
The papers found in one of the two boxes have
the names, in their own handwriting, of the men
who acted as judges in a particular precinct; and
when you open the box and find in it the paper
wi,th these names, 1 do not doubt that the box be-
longs to the division whore these men were judges.
Mr. RIDDLE. I was unquestionably very un-
fortunate in the expression that I used. I did not
say a word about this certificate or any of the ac-
companying papers. With them I have nothing
to do. I was speaking of the ballots alone that
arc shown by the proof to have been contained in
a box exclusively by themselves.
Mr. DAWES. Now, will my friend tell us
what he means by proving the execution of ballots?
Mr.'RIDDLE. Certainly I will. X was re-
marking on the general proposition that a paper "
offered for proof is, first, not only to be identified,
but proof of the execution is to be,given. In the
instance of a ballot, the same pioof that identifies
it does prove its execution. So that it comes back
here to a question of identity. Before it can be
used at all for the purpose of evidence, its identity
must be established. You establish it, the gentle-
man says, by establishing the identity of the place
where it is found. How do you establish that
identity? By the contents of the paper itself?
Why, by the rules of evidence, the paper can utter
no story for any purpose. Before you can read
the paper at all you must settle the question of
identity. And yet the committee read the paper,
and the paper alone, to establish that identity.
Ami understood here? If so, sir, there is not one
shadow of proof that amounts to that grade of
certainty which tile judicial or legal mind tolerates
as proper, on which to predicate any conclusion,
however slight in its gravity, to sustain the iden-
tity of these ballot-boxes. But here they refer
to these ballots to establish their own identity,
before the identity of the boxes is established.
Then, sir, meeting this question at the very
threshold, I say theie is no proof on which any
l-ecountcan be predicated,because they have failed
to establish the identity of the ballots cast with the
ballots found. It could not be done, because the
proof on which gentlemen rely they are estopped
from using.
A single word further on another proposition.
I understand that it is not urged here by the gen-
tleman who repiesenls the majority of the com-
mittee that there is any proof implicating in fraud
the parties who made these blunders, to call them
by the softest name. But they say that the whole
thing is to be accounted for, and that we are bound
to presume there was a series of mistakes on the
