1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
Mi\ CLARK. I misunderstood the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the last session of Con-
gress I opposed strenuously this experiment. I
read ail that had been written and all that had been
printed about it, and also, at the request of the
builder, Mr. Stevens, examined the model. The
most radical objection that occurred to me was
the one mentioned b,y the Senatorfrom Michigan,
and other objections also occurred to myself and
to others who examined it at the time. How-
ever, at the last session we authorized a board to
examine the vessel, and I intended to abide by the
action of that .board. A majority of that board
reported against the practicability of the measure,
that it was not expedient to complete it, that it
would be an unwise expenditure of money; and
the objections were pointed out very fully, and
stated m detail. Since that time, Mr, Stevens has
written, or caused to be written, a very excellent
pamphlet on the subject—a book, indeed, that I
nave glanced over. I am not yet satisfied that the
Stevens battery will be of any very great value.
The objections made to it arc very sciious. They
have now been sanctioned by some of the best !
officers of the Navy. But here is the position in
which we arc placed: the great difficulty of the '
present war at this moment is the fear of iron-clad
steamboats on the Mississippi river, and the fear
of the Merrimac in the harbor of Norfolk. The
Merrimac is a dangerous competitor. The idea
of the Senator from Kansas I think will prove to
be a fallacy. Any person who is accustomed to
managing or seeing steamboats will know how
easy it is to avoid a dircct collision. Any man
who is accustomed as a pilot to managing his
boat, can, by a simple turn of the wheel, give it
a direction which would impair entirely the force
of a blow. One vessel striking another at a tight
angle will sink it, I have no doubt. I have no
doubt the weight and momentum of the Minne-
sota would sink the Merrimac at any moment;
but the trouble will be to strike it m such a way
as to sink it. If you strike it at a more acute an-
gle than say forty degrees, the blow will be tin own
off, and will scaicely be felt. When two vessels
arc brought in collision togethcratan acute angle,
they very seldom do each other damage, unless
there is some timber or something to catch upon !
which must be torn away. That is the law of j
collisions; and very many cases of the kind have 1
been tried in the courts of our western States
occurring on rivers and lakes. Wherever the
collision is direct, as a matter of course one or
the other vessel must sink. Wherever it is so
angular that the blow can be c\aded, even a
small vessel may escape injury from a very large
vessel. Now, I am satisfied that if the Mernmac
is capable of being turned in a quarter of a mile,
it may evade any blow that can be aimed at it by
the Minnesota or any other vessel. This, as a
matter of course, may be tested by actual exper-
iment. I think it is a danger we ought to guard
against.
To come back again to this subject, the whole
system of our Navy is revolutionized, wooden
vessels arc no longer worth anything, they are no
longer worth anything for attack or for defense.
What shall we resort to? We resort to gunboats;
we have appropriated §15,000,000 to build them
of various plans. I am told that the Navy De-
partment have adopted various plans; but those
boats cannot be made effective for a long time to
come. I perhaps do not disclose anything im-
proper when I state that the Navy Department
are now engaged m building vessels of various
kinds, not only for offensive but for defensive war,
not only for collision but for guns, to try all the
experiments that have been pointed out. They
ate trying various experiments.
The question after all conies to this: had we not
better appropriate the sum of money asked for in
order to try and te«t this experiment? The offi-
cers that have examined this boat say that it has
great power, and that but for certain difficulties
and defects it would accomplish all its purposes.
They say it will run rapidly, with great force and
with great power; and the most serious objection
is the one I have named, that the guns themselves
are not protected. I do not myself see how Mr.
Stevens can protect the guns. The whole theory
of his vessels rests upon the idea that the guns
must be exposed, and that the gunners must be
below. Unless he makes another deck to protect
the guns, I do not see how he can do it. But if
he adopts that plan of putting on another deck or
another cabin so as to protect the guns, then he
loses the great advantage of his boat, which is that
the guns may revolve on a pivot and fire in any
direction.
On the whole, Mr. President, I am strongly in-
clined to vote for this proposition, and let Mr.
Stevens try the experiment. I am afraid it will
be a loss of a large sum of money; but as I see no
way of avoiding it, as we must enter into experi-
ments, as the Merrimac was an experiment, and
for a long time believed to be a failure, as the
Monitor was pronounced by officers of the Navy
an experiment which would be a failure, and was
jeered at even^after it went out into open water.
I do not see but that it would be better to com-
plete this experiment of Mr. Stevens, that is sup-
ported at least by some good practical engineers,
supported at least by one distinguished citizen on
the commission which examined it. It strikes
me it would be better for the Congress of the
United States to try the experiment and run the
risk of losing the three quarters of a million of
dollars needed for that purpose. On the whole,
therefore, I shall vote for the proposition.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Ohio a question. Did I understand him to
say that the protection to these guns would de-
stroy the whole theory of the vessel?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say I do not know what
plan Mr. Stevens may fall upon to protect the
guns; but if he. protects the guns by building an-
other cabin above, and covering it with railroad
iron, he destroys the great virtue of his boat. One
of the great merits of the boat is, that the guns
may revolve on an axis and fire in any direction
without turning the boat; and, as a matter of
course, if he surrounds the guns by a deck, he
cannot turn them.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I understood the Sen-
ator, the guns are taken below deck and turned
below, are they not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; the guns arc on
deck and turned by machinery.
Sevetal Scnators. They are loaded below.
Mr. HALE. Let me explain that. These ajuns
are on a pivot, and the muzzle is lowered down.
The gun itself remains on deck, but simply the
muzzle goes underneath and there it is loaded.
The protection that is devised by Mr. Stevens for
these guns at present does not alter their quality
as pivot guns at all. I cannot entirely explain it.
I have seen the model.
I have the greatest respect certainly for all my
brother Senators that express their doubts about
this matter, because I do not profess to have any
great knowledge on it; but ever since I have read
the history of Christopher Columbus when he un-
dertook to explain his theory of a sphere before
the learned council of doctors at Salamanca, I
have had my reverence for experts and boards
and learned doctors and pundits a good deal
shaken. You know how they met him. He ar-
gued from the nature of the case that the earth
must he lound, and then they quoted to him a text
of Scripture to show that God had spread the
heavens like a tent over the earth. Very similar
it strikes me to objections of that character, are
some of those which are brought here. Now, I
want to read to the Senate the opinion of a man
whose judgment I think will be of weight with
some gentlemen—Colonel Delafteld, of the engi-
neer corps of the Army. Colonel DeUfield says,
speaking of this vessel:
" The design a fa^t bteainn. capablc of approaching a
ship of the lino without being injured, ai merf with the heav-
iest guns aunugt'd to concentrate their tire at the watei line
when within twenty feet ot the desired object. One lound
from tlnee such guns coneentiafed niu^t de-troy the
buoyancy of any sea-going vessel of which we at pie^ent
have any knowledge. That you can construct -uch a ves-
sel, and that you can attain and secure all the>c particu-
lar? with :-ome modification of the ^teaniei on which voui-
selfand biother* have labored foi many years past, and
our power of national defence will be greatly increased
thereby, I nioit sincerely believe."'
The date of that is Febiuary S, 18G2, little more
than a month ago. There is another thing about
this vessel in which she is entirely different from
the Monitor, and has a great advantage. She is
a vessel that, by the confession and admission of
the board that ad\ised against the expediency of
completing her, has veiy great speed; greater, I
think, than any other known steamer.
Mr. WADE- When can she be completed ?
Mr. HALE. The Vessel can be finished in the
ordinary mode of working in about four months;
hut by doubling hands and working at nights,
which would make some additional expense, it
could be finished in about sixty days. Gentlemen
speak about the Merrimac. Mr. FresidetU-, i£
seems as if this Merrimac eonstituteda night-mare
that sits upon us all, and as if we thought 'that
when we get rid of the Merrimac We shall have
nothing to do but return thanksgiving ibr our de-
liverance. In the new state of things that is upon
us the Merrimac is not the only enemy we have
to compete with, and protection against her is not
all that in this emergency of our affairs we must
look to. We have got to depend on iron-clad
steamers; wc have got to go without the light of
experience. If you had judged and determined
by the reports of these experts—I have myselfgot
sick of the name; I am-glad it is not an old Saxon
word—we never should have had the Monitor;
we should have had nothing but ahorse laugh
from learned pundits over the very idea, instead
of having what we now have.
I do not pretend, as I said before, to have much
knowledge upon this subject; but according to the
unsophisticated judgment which I have been able
to form by examining this vessel, and I have done
it very carefully, I think she will achieve very
much that is expected of her; I think she will be
the most powerful vessel on the face of the earth
for offense or defense, and it consists in the fact
that her guns arc all pivot guns and the whole force
ofher armament may be made to concentrate upon
a single point at a moment's warning. She may
turn on her own center in about a minute and a
half or two minutes, but independent of her power
of being turned on her own center, her guns may
be brought to bear, every one of them, to the same
point in a moment's time. I think that if we should
suffer any great injury from any of the iron-clad
steamers to which we are liable, for the Merrimac
is not the only one our enemies have, wc should
reflect upon ourselves to the last day of our lives
that, from timidity and apprehension, we hesitated
to make this experiment. Sir,wemustmakesome
experiments in the emergency that is upon us;
and when there is no light of experience to guide
us, we must strike out some experiments; and it
is only those that have the courage and the judg-
ment and the foresight to make such experiments
that succeed. We have made one, the Monitor;
we have succeeded, and she is not the product of
any experts or any board, but she is the result of
the energetic action of the brain of a private in-
dividual, having no connection with yourGovern-
ment or any of its Departments. So with this ves-
sel of Mr. Stevens; it is the product of a man who
was no visionary enthusiast, a man who tested
his own practical wisdom in the peculiar business
to which he devoted his life by eminent successes
in the path in which he struck out^ and it is upon
such men that the country must rely, and I do
hope that in this case the experiment will be made.
Mr. LATHAM. I agree with the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire and the honorable
Senator from Ohio that if Congress takes into con-
sideration in making all these appropriations the
certainty of success we had better not appropriate
a dollar. I believe with the Senator from New
Hampshire, that there will be millions of dollars
expended in experiments, and that the Govern-
ment will be compelled to undergo a loss before any
certain result will be attained. I read a few weeks
ago an article in one of the English reviews upon
this subject of iron-clad vessels, which I tried to
get (as it contained some very important facts) to
lay before the Senate in the consideration of the
subject now pending. The Emperor of the French,
the present Napoleon, was the first, through his
engineers, to conceive the idea of building iron-
clad vessels of war. He submitted to a board of
engineers a certain series of experiments upon
wrought iron to sec the capacity of resisting pro-
jectiles from guns of different caliber. These ex>
periments proved satisfactory to him, and he
immediately commenced the construction of iron-
clad steamers, such as the French navy now has.
The English Government with that usual jealousy
which it exercises over a rival maritime Power,
learning of the construction of these vessels, de-
termined to submit the question to a board of en-
gineers, also, to see whether they were capable of
resisting, as it was said in the French papers they
could, any kind of projectiles that might be pro"-
