1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8815
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 348) for the better gov-
ernment of the Navy of the United States, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate agree to the first, second, third, fourth,
fifth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twenty-fouith, twenty-sev-
enth, twenty-eighth, thnty-fifth, thiity-nhnh, fortieth,for-
ty-third, forty-fourth, forty-fifth, forty-sixth, forty-seventh,
forty-eighth, forty-ninth, fifty-second, fifty-fourth, fifty-
fifth, fifty-seventh, fifty-eighth, sixtieth, sixty-first, sixty-
second, sixty-tnird, sixty-fourth, sixty;sixth,sixty-seventh,
sixty-eighth, sixty-ninth, seventieth, seventy-first, seventy-
second, seventy-third, and seventy-fourth amendments of
the House.
That the House recede from their sixth, seventh, eighth,
ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thiiteenth, fourteenth, fif-
teenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, twentieth, twenty-first,
twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth,
twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thnty-second, thirty-
third, thirty-fourth, thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, thirty-
<ftghth, forty-first, foity-second, fiftieth, fifty-first, fifty-
thud, fifty-sixth, and fifty-ninth amendments.
That the Senate agi ee to the sixty-fifth amendment of the
House, with an amendment, as tollows: m the first line of
the proviso, in section twelve, strike out "inferior," and
aftei the woid "persons" insert, "of inferior ratings desiiing
to go theie."
Mr. HALE. The Senate cannot understand
the reportfrom hearingitread in thisform. These
amendments are principally verbal amendments
as to mere matters of detail, with the exception of
one or two amendments that have been introduced
in relation to the subject of prize law, which the
exigencies of the time require, and which were in-
troduced by the House, and to which the Senate
have agreed. There is nothing material in the dis-
agreement between the two Houses.
The report was concurred in.
CUSTODY OF PRIZE MONEY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In connection with the re-
port just adopted, I will remind the Senate that a
day or two since I introduced a joint resolution to
icmedy a dcfect in the law as to the distribution
of prize money, founded on a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, but its passage was arrested
by a suggestion of the Senator fiom New Hamp-
shire, that it would be provided for in this bill.
It is not entirely provided for. The joint resolu-
tion ought to pass, and if the Senator from Min-
nesota will allow it to be called up, i am sure there
will be no opposition to it, and let it pass and go
to the other Ho-use.
Mr. HALE. I saw the resolution, and arrested
it as the Senator from Illinois suggests. Upon
looking at the bill, the Senator from Illinois and
myself both found it did not cover everything that
was covered by his resolution. We provide in
this bill that the prize money arising from prop-
erty hereafter to be sold shall be paid into the Uni-
ted States Treasury, but it does not provide for
the payment of that which has already been sold,
and is now in the hands of the clerks, as the Sen-
ator's resolution does. I think the resolution
ought to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take but a moment.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have no objection
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It requires unanimous consent to
lay aside the business before the Senate for the
purpose of taking up the resolution. The Chair
hears no objection.
The joint resolution (S. No. 97) in relation to
the law of prize was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for paying the pro-
ceeds of all sales of property under the prize laws
into the Treasury.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen'ate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
It was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the joint
resolution. I suppose I am entitled to hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It had just been read be-
fore the Senator came in. I will state it, if there
is no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa calls for the reading of the resolution
ao-ain. It has just been read, and therefore it is
not the privilege of a member to ask for its read-
ing now, but it is the privilege of the Senate to
refuse it or grant it. Is any objection made to
its beins: read again ?
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order for me to enter
a standing objection against taking up any bill
and interjecting it during the consideration of an-
other bill in this way?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is m order
for-the Senator to object to this bill being read
the third time. The "Chair put the question to
the Senate distinctly, whether the laying aside of
the business before the Senate and the taking up
of this resolution was objected to, and no objec-
tion was made. The resolution cannot be read
again, if it is objected to by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been -read twice,
before to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it may
be read to-day for the third time. The question
is, " Shall the joint resolution pass?" Does the
Senator from Iowa ask for its rereading?
Mr.TRUMBULL. I amsure the Senator fqam
?Iowa will have no objection to it if he will listen
to me while I explain it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the reading
of the resolution again asked for? •
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read; I have no
objection to its reading.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair does
not get a response whether the reading of the res-
olution is asked for.
Mr. KING. I should like to have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection? The Chair hears none; the resolution
will be read.
The Secretary again read it.
The joint resolution was passed.
ADMISSION OF WEST VIRGINIA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The business
before the Senate is the bill (S. No. 365) for the
admission of the State of West Virginia into the
Union, upon which the Senator from Minnesota
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President-,—
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Minnesota, my colleague on the Committee
on Indian Affairs, will allow me to make a re-
port 
Mr. WADE. I must take the helm in my own
hands. I believe I got up the bill under consid-
eration, and I protest against anything else being
interjected until it is through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No other busi-
ness can be taken up except by unanimous con-
sent. Nonehas been, none will be. The Senator
from Minnesota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Min-
nesota will allow me to say a word to my honor-
able friend from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota yield to the Senator from
Wisconsin ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I dislike to refuse 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to offer
my bill, but to say a single word in reply to my
friend from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota yield?
Mr. WILKINSON. It strikes me that I have
yielded too often already. I cannot yield any
more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr.President, I hope the
Senate will follow the advice and recommendation
of the Committee ob- Territories in regard to this
bill. I believe that the people of Western Virginia
are earnest and sincere and devoted in their advo-
cacy of this measure; I believe that it is almosta
case of life or death with them; and for that rea-
son I have yielded my assent to the proposition
that is now before the Senate, and I am a little
surprised at the course which the Senator from
Virginia has taken; but I hope that his course will
not deter the Senate from passing this measure as
has been recommended by the Committee on Ter-
ritories. That is all I have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment to the
amendment?
Mr. CARLILE. It is suggested to me by my
colleague that the amendment as it stood origin-
ally required a majority of all the persons entitled
to vote within the boundary, and I have amended
it so that it will be a majority of those persons
voting, provided the vote'is taken in each county.
Mr. WILLEY: It is with inexpressible pam
that I have taken the position in regard to my col-
league that I have, 1 have determined, however,
not to discuss the matter, but I have the bill here
offered by my colleague ih the other House, [Mr.
W. G. Brown,] modified so as to cover this state
of things here, which, if it will suit the chairman
of the committee, and the members of the com-
mittee and my colleague here, will be acceptable
to me as another compromise under the circum-
stances, and withoutargumentation I wiilread it.
After the usual preamble, it goes on to provide:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jimcrica in Congress assembled. That
the State of West Virginia be, and is hereby, declared to bo
one of the United States of America, and admitted into, the
Union on an equal footing with the original States in all re-
spects whatever, and until the next general census, shall be
entitled to three members in the House of Representatives
of the United States: Provided always, That this act shall
not take effect until after the proclamation of the President
of the United States hereinafter provided for.
Sec. 2. It being represented to Congress that since the
convention of the 26th of November, 3 861, that framed and
proposed the constitution for the State of West Virginia,
the people thereof have expiessed a wish to change the sev-
enth section of the eleventh article of said constitution by
striking out the same, and inserting the following in its
place, namely: "The children of slaves bom within the
limits of this State after the 4th day of July, 1863, shall be
fiee, and no slave shall be permitted to come into the State
for permanent residence thereinTherefore, Be it fur-
ther enacted, That whenever the people of West Virginia
shall, through their said convention, and by a vote to be
taken at an election to be held within the limits of the said
State at such tune as the convention may provide, make
and ratify the change aforesaid, and properly certify the
same under the hand of the president of the convention, it
shall be lawful for the President of the United States to is-
sue his proclamation staling the fact, and thereupon this
act shall take effect and be in foicc from and after sixty
days from the date of said proclamation.
I am willing to go one step further, and do that
for the sake of peace and harmony, and I do it
with this view especially. I am sorry to believe
that—my colleague will take no offense, I hope,
when I say it—the extraordinary speech he has
made will be an additional firebrand cast into our
midst. I am a man of peace. X know that the
almost universal sentiment of that people is for
division. I know there is not a loyal man in
Northwestern Virginia, whether represented in
the convention or not, who is not this day life and
soul for a division of the State. To prevent dis-
cord, to compose strife, I am willing, as a peace
offering here upon this floor, and with a view of
preventing distraction in our midst, to submit this
proposition, if it will satisfy my colleague. It
embraces essentially his pioposition, and I hope
the Senate will be willing to.take it under the cir-
cumstances. It will put us to some expense; it
will put us to a good deal of unnecessary trouble
in taking the sense of a people who have but one
opinion and one view on the subject; but in order
to prevent discord and preserve peace, I am will-
ing, if the Senate be willing, and my friends on
the committee, to whom I am under lasting obli-
gations, are willing, to accept it.
Mr. -WADE. How does this differ from your
amendment as amended by myself?
Mr. CARLILE. My colleague has referred to
me. I am perfectly willing he shall withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. I was out of the Senate when,
as I understand, the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio was adopted. I did not know it was
adopted. I am willing that it shall be incorpo-
uited in here.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection, to this
amendment, only I wish to insert the amendment
which was already agreed to as an amendment to
the proposition of the Senator from Virginia. I
want to insert in the proper place in this propo-
sition a clause to the same effect, and with that
modification I should have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate now is on an amendment to an
amendment, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered, and it can only be withdrawn by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WILLEY. With the leave, then, of my
colleague and the Senate, 1 will withdraw my
original amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair re-
peats the inquiry, whether the withdrawal of the
amendment is objected to? An amendment to it
having been proposed, and the yeas and nays or-
dered, it requires unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to withdraw it. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 now offer this as a substi-
tute for the whole bill, striking out all after the
word " whereas" in the preamble, and substitu-
ting this in, lieu of the committee's bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator from
