'314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
whole testimony does not present as plain a case
as I should desire,but,in my judgment, the weight
of evidence is on the side of the contestant; and
that shall determine me in voting on the report of
the committee.
Mr. MENZIES. Mr., Speaker, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. McKean] adverted to the
fact that one of the certificates upon which the sit-
ting member relied seemed not to have a signa-
ture. He only referred to it, however, as I under-
stood him, for the purpose of showing that there
was no prejudice m the case against the sitting
member.
Mr. LOOMIS. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, as the House may desire
to know what ray purpose is about calling the pre-
vious question, I desire to give notice that, at the
■ conclusion of the remarks of the gentleman from
Kentucky, 1 will move the previous question and
waive my right to the closing speech, unless the
sitting member insists on his right to speak.
Mr. LEHMAN. No, sir: I do not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I doubt if we can dispose
of this case this evening, and if the gentleman
from Kentucky will yield me the floor for that pur-
pose, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. MENZIES. No', sir;-I must decline to do
so. I coincide entirely in the views of the gentle-
man from Connecticut, and after I have spoken a
very few minutes, if it appears to be agreeable to
the feelings of all, I will myself call the previous
■ question and close the case.
I was about to say, sir, that I did not believe
there had been any prejudice or any feeling of
that kind operating in this case upon cither side.
I verily believe that every member of the Com-
mittee of Elections has addressed himself to the
single purpose of asceitaining a just and true re-
sult in this case according to the law and the tes-
timony, without permitting any extraneous influ-
ences or circumstances to operate upon his mind
at all. But, sir, I have come to exactly the opposite
conclusion to that arrived at by the majority of
the committee. I believe that the testimony and
the law give the seat to the sitting member, and
that he ought to retain it.
I agree with the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Campbell] who has just taken his seat, that
there is not much ground for discussion in this
case. It is narrowed down to a very small com-
pass for argument, and I think that nearly all of
the points to which he adverted might be left out
of the case without prejudice to either party to the
contest. 1 think the House may take it for granted i
that they can decide this case justly without ad-
verting to the Byerly frauds at all, and without
adverting to the alleged irregularity of Governor
Packer in issuing the certificate to the sitting mem-
ber. They may confine themselves, as 1 believe,
to the single point whether'or not the election
judges and other officers in certain piecincts in
the city of Philadelphia committed a fraud or
not. 1 put the case upon another point; I do not
propose to decide it upon the point that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania makes, although the
one is involved in the other. His point is that
you must decide against the sitting member unless
you believe that there was fraud in the recount or
in the custody of the ballot-boxes between the time
of the election and the time of the recount.
Now, sir, I shall confine my remarks to three
of these election precincts in the city of Philadel-
phia, or divisions of wards, as they are called.
The election at each voting place is conducted by
a judgeof election, two inspectors, and two clerks,
and 1 believe there are some other irregular of-
ficers called watchers; I do not remember how
many of those there are, but there are five regu-
lar officers. The ballot-boxes of some eight, nine,
or ten of these election precincts were opened, and
die ballots recounted; I do not remember exactly
how many of them were recounted, but I do ie-
member that in three of them the contestant gained
respectively 70, 35, and S21 votes—in all, a gain of
126 votes; and 1 know that, according to the re-
turns of the election officers of the whole district,
the sitting member had a majority of 132 votes
Now, conceding everything to the contestant but
the correctness of the recount, as to those three
election precincts, and the sitting member was still
elected by 86 votes. Why.1 Because, notwith-
standing all the gains \Vhich the contestant made
by the recount, the majority of the committee
only claim for him a majority of 40. Take the
majority of 40 from 126, and you have the cor-
rect majority of the sitting member, after conced-
ing to the contestant all that could be claimed for
him. , .
Now, I propose to show that it is utterly im-
possible that those 126 votes could have been
gained by the recount, or that that recount showed
the true vote, without fixing unmistakable fraud
upon every one of those who conducted the election
at these precincts. Do not tell me that it was a
mistake — that these men omitted 70 votes, in a
division where the votes were nearly equally di-
vided , by inadvertence or mistake. 11 isimpossible.
These men were guilty of palpable fraud, and
hove added to it the grossest perjury, if this thing
did happen, because each one of them was brought
to the stand and testified circumstantially as to the
original count and the manner in which it was
made, and if they tell the truth there could not by
possibility have been any such mistake.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to ask the gentleman a
question. Does it appear, from the evidence before
the committee, who had the custody ofthese boxes
where this largest discrepancy appeared? Were
they friends of the contestant, or supporters of
the sitting member?
Mr. MENZIES. Well, sir, upon that subject
I had intended to say nothing, although I saw
there was a little dispute betvvecn certain mem-
bers of the committee in relation to it. 1 do not
think there was any testimony upon that point
at all; but the lawyers before the committee did
state that such a man was a friend of the contest-
ant, and such another a friend of the sitting mem-
ber. Statements of that kind were made by the
attorneys before us without contradiction, and 1
have no doubt they were taken for truth; but I
give you my word I do not recollect how any of
these election officers stood as to politics, because
I thought that matter was not relevant, and ought
not to be introduced.
Mr. WADSWORTH. How were these boxes
kept? Were they accessible to outside parties
during the three months?
Mr. MENZIES. As I understand it, they were
directed to be sent to the nearest aldeiman, to be
kept by him; and in consequence of one alderman
living nearer to three or four of the voting places
than any other, he had three or four boxes in his
custody. Sometimes an alderman would have
but one box. That is the way it happened. It
was shown before us, moreover, that the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania has since passed a law, in
consequence of the negligence in this very case,
to provide for taking care of these boxes. I will
ask the Clerk to read a section of it.
The Cieik read the eleventh section of the act
of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, approved May
1, 1861. It dirccts that the commissioners for the
city of Philadelphia shall provide a fire-proof room
or vault in a public building of the city or in some
other suitable place, at which the judges of elec-
tion shall, after the closing of the polls, deliver to
the mayor and recorder the ballot-boxes; that the
room or vault shall not be accessible to any other
person than the mayor or recorder; that they
shall be present and receive the ballot-boxes; and
that they shall not take or open, or permit to be
taken or opened, any ballot-box so deposited, for
the space of one year after its being so deposited,
unless called upon to do so by some court or.other
tribunal authorized to try the merits of such elec-
tion .
Mr. MENZIES. This bill was passed, Mr.
Speaker, to remedy the evils shown to exist by
the investigation in this case. Without adverting
to but one of these voting places, I believe we
must decide this case in favor of the sitting mem-
ber. I mean the one where the contestant gained
70votes. Take that away from him, and then the
sitting member has a majority of 35. Every one
of these witnesses, who stand before us unim-
peached and unimpeachable, for aught I know,
testifies circumstantially as to the manner in which
they originally counted the votes.
Mr. DAWES. My friend is a lawyer. I should
like to have him answer me this question: did he
ever before hear of a man being broughtinto court
to add to or take from his own official return by
Ins own testimony'
Mr. MENZIES. Often. I had it done many
a time, to correct his return.
Mr. DAWES. Correcting his return is quite
another thing. That is coming in and admitting
that there is a mistake in his return. But when a
sheriff lias already made an official return, was he
ever callcd on, when the case came up in court,
to support that return by his oath, or to contra-
dict it by his oath ?
Mr. MENZIES. No, sir. ,
Mr.DAWES. Well,thatisjustwhatisclaimed
ought to be done by these men, and it is thought
wonderful that these men do not come in and say
" we made a false return." If they were fraud-
ulent in that transaction, they would, of course,
carry out that fraud in their testimony. If they
were honest, and it was a mistake, of course they
would determine that they had made the return
right. In any event, whether it was a mistake or
a fraud, can you expect the men who made it to
contradict it?
Mr. MENZIES. I tell the gentleman that I
suppose it is competent—and I have known it to
be done—for an officer making a return over his
official hand and seal, to be called upon to prove
how it was originally done, if there was a pre-
sumption, from some other facts raised, to show
that it had been altered. I have known such cases.
But 1 was intending to attempt to prove that if the
original count was not correct, these men have
committed perjury, as well as first cheated in the
election. They have committed perjury in a cir-
cumstantial manner, for they come before us and
swear that they took these tickets out one by one,
counted them, and that they know, that the result
as claimed by the original count, in favor of the ^
contestant, was the result that was placed in the
ballot-boxes.
ENKOIAED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as tiuly enrolled a joint res-
olution for the sale of the ruins of the Washington
Infirmary; when the Speaker signed the same.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. LOOMIS. I wish to correct the gentleman
as to taking the tickets out of the boxes one by
one. In every case, as I remember the testimony,
they emptied all out in a heap.
Mr. MENZIES. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I said, or meant to say, that these men
swore they counted them one by one, spreading
them out. They threw them out of the box in a
heap, but counted them one by one.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend will take his mem-
ory back to the manner in which they said they
counted these ballots, he will learn that they took
the ballots, counted them, twisted them in tens,
and put the tens into the ballot-boxes. The tally
was of the tens as they put them into the ballot-
boxes
Mr. MENZIES. I recollect that.
Mr. DAWES. Now, each ticket had four
names on it, and you could only count them for ,
all those names if there was no scratch or poster
or sticker upon any of them.
The election was for Governor, Representative
in Congress, and Senator and Representative in
the Legislature. Now, unless the tickets were
elean throughout, they could not bo counted thus
in tens. But the testimony is that they put them
all in bundles of tens, counted the tens, and gave
to each candidate the number of tens thus counted.
Mr. MENZIES. Yes, sir; but they did not
testify that there were seventy stickers in one
ward.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not; but they did tes-
tify that there were stickers, and yet they swore
that they counted them by tens.
Mr. MENZIES. And they testified that they
put the sti.leers bv themselves.
Mr. DAWES. 'They could not count the same
number of tens for each candidate on the ticket
unless the whole party ticket was voted by eveiy
man, which was not the ease. That is the ex-
planation of the whole matter.
Mr. MENZIES. They do testify, positively,
that there were but very few stickers in each dis-
trict. I will explain to the House what is meant
by that term. The name of Lehman, for instance,
is taken out by pasting over it the name of Butler;
and that is called a sticker, or poster. Now I
was intending to show that it could not be claimed
that nil these gross errors in election districts were
made through inadvertence, honestly, and unin-
