2356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
$4 20 upon every thirty dollars, which would bo
a tax of fourteen percent. I really cannot see .
any reason for this discrimination.
I think this tax on the manufactured tobacco
ought to be an ail valorem tax, or else it ought to
be reduced. Fifteen cents on the manufactured
article is a tax near one hundred per cent.; I
mean on the cost of the article as it comes from
the manufactory. In consideration of the fact that
ids an article very largely grown and very largely
manufactured only, 1 believe,in the States of Ken-
tucky and Missouri, and in consideration of the
fact that those States have lost very heavily 
Mr. FESSENDEN- The-Senator ismistaken.
Do I understand him to say that the article of to-
bacco is grown only in Missouri and Kentucky?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not. I sayit
is more largely grown there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A great deal of it is grown
on the Connecticut river.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose so; but that
which is giown in Connecticut is mostly used in
the manufacture of cigars. There is not much of
it manufactured for chewing purposes. I was go-
ing to state that, in consideration of the fact that
our farming interests have been materially de-
pressed, I think a tax of from ten to fifteen cents
per pound on manufactured tobacco would be a
very large tax. My impression is, that we would
derive more revenue by reducing it to fifteen cents
than we shall if we allow it to remain at twenty
cents. I wish, also, to suggest to the committee,
that, inasmuch as there is no tax upon the leaf
tobacco, large quantities of the leaf tobacco may
be taken out of the United States and manufac-
tured. Why could it not be taken into Canada?
Large quantities of it might be taken out of the
United States, and we might thereby be deprived
entirely of any revenue from it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We put a large duty on
the reimportation, so that when it comes back
they will not find it profitable.
Mr. HENDERSON. That may be, but it is
not the case now. An individual might make
large sums of money by manufacturing tobacco
ia Canada and sending it back here under the
present duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The duty is very large
now on the importation of tobacco.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not as much as one
hundred and sixty-six and two thirds per cent.
Certainly it cannot possibly be that amount.
Mr. POMEROY. Thirty per cent.
Mr. H GNDERSON. An individual under this
bill might realize a fortune in the course of a few
years by the manufacture of this article outside
of the united States, and paying- a tariff of fortv
per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House of Repre-
sentatives are preparing a tariff bill to meet all
these cases of duties hud by this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. It does not matter, sir.
1 am merely referring to the fact; and in order to
prevent the difficulty ihat I have suggested, it will
become necessary to put a tax of not less than one
hundred and seventy-five per cent, on the impor-
tation of tobacco.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend from Missouri how much more valuable
the article of tobacco used for common cigars is
than the article used for chewing tobacco?
Mi. HENDERSON. I understand it is alto-
gether a different article that is ordinarily used in
the inauufdctmo of cigars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it much more valuable,
and if so, how much?
Mr. HENDERSON. It varies in pi-ico cia the
manufacturing leaf, sonic of it ranging very high.
The tobacco that has been manufactured into ci-
gars in this country is an article of tobacco that
has been grown ordinarily in Florida and in Con-
necticut. Large quantities of it have been shipped
from Cuba and manufactured mto cigars here. It
is not the manufacturing aitjcle that is usually put
into cigars.
_ I think, sir, that a tax of fifteen cents a pound
is an exorbitant tax upon this article. It is not an
exorbitant tax upon an article of manufuctuied
tobacco costing lifty cents to the pound, and there
is some of it manufactured costing that much.
IN cither would it be an exorbitant tax 011 tobacco
costing forty cents a pound, or beyond that price;
but it is an uxoronant tax on the article of tobacco
that is manufactured and sold at ten, twelve, and
fifteen cents a pound; indeed it is too much. I make
these suggestions, and now desire to submit an
amendment to strike out " twenty," and insert
"fifteen."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Wilson,] to reconsider the vote agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 14, noes 6; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to make an
explanation. I have no doubt 1 assented and
agreed to the amendment of the committee; but I
should like to know why a higher duty is put on
a cheap article of manufactured tobacco for chew-
ing, than on the cheap article of cigars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will refer my friend to
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan.]
He insisted that fifteen cents was enough to put
upon the lower quality of cigars, and we left it to
him. I have no sort of objection to raise it to
twenty—not a bit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to get as much as
possible out of it.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting that
question, the Chair desires to state that, according
to parliamentary law, a motion to reconsider is
not in ordcrincommittee,and hereafter the Chair
will observe the rule. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, JSIay 26, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. H. Peyton Brown.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
CONFISCATION.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the consideration of the confiscation
bills, and the several amendments to them, which,
by the consent of the House, aie now to be acted
on as though the mam question were ordered.
Under the rules, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Air. Eliot,] who reported the bills, lias
one hour in which to close the debate.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to ask a favor of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. ELIOT. JLwiU hear the gentleman's prop-
osition.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I did not
attempt to obtain the lloor on the days allowed for
debate. I preferred, under the circumstances, the
members from the free States—more able—whose
views accorded with my own, should be heard,
and if time was allowed, to present my views,
the heads of which I have in my hand. I have
never written out a speech and read it to a delib-
erative body. I ask the liberty to write out what
I intended to say m this House upon these meas-
ures before us. The main principles of our Gov-
ernment, as recognized by sound men and clearly
deduced from the Constitution of the United States,
upon which I shall predicate my remarks, are as
follows:
Resolved, That the Constitution, and the laws of tlie Uni-
ted States made in pursuance theieof, and all tieaties made
under the authority of tin? United State®, aie the supieme
law of j.hc land in time of war ot rebellion, a* well in
time of peace, anything in the constitution or laws of any
State to the centumy notwithstanding. ,
2. The nght to disregaul and violate the Constitution, or
any pait theieof, by eiihei of the derailments of the Gov-
ernment. does not exist any more in time of war or rebel-
lion than in time of peace.
3 That the poweis vested in Congress by the Constitu-
tion ot the United States are not enlaiged by a state of war,
but are ample and Jul! to enable the Government to suppress
a rebellion, or to piosecutc .i war, without the exercise of
powers not giantod therein.
4. A disiogaid of the provisions of the Constitution, un-
der the plea ot necemty, by Cong!ess, is dangerous to fiee
government, and ultimately will make it a despotiMn if
eontiol!ed by ;;n unpi meipled mu]oiity,dangeious topiivate
lights and destructive of public liberty.
.3. That no State has the tight, by any act, ordinance, or
law, to ab-olve itself or any Citizens iiom their obligations
and duties impo-ed by the Constitution of the United States.
6. A rebellion and open resis-tanee to the Constitution
and the laws of the United States made in pursuance theieof
cannot abrogate the same ; but during such lobeihon and
resistance the rights and powers of the Constitution do
extend to the citizens in every portion of the United States,
and the right and power of the Government, though ob-
structed, are not destroyed. And when that obstruction
shall be overcome, the State governments and the citizens
theieof arc restored to all the rights and privileges secured
by the Constitution.
7. That open and forcible resistance, by arms, by the cit-
izens of any portion of the United States is treason, to be
punished as such by the power of the Government under
the provisions and limitations of the Constitution.
8. That a citizen not engaged in actual war, but who je-
sides within the territory of a dc facto government, which
is in rebellion and at war with the United States, is not
guilty of treason by obeying the orders of such de facto gov-
ernment, or by eontubuting to its suppoit.
9. That neither the Executive nor military has the right
to seize the property of a non-combatant in any of the se-
ceded States, and confiscate the same, even under the au-
thority of an act of Congress. "No person f-hall he deprived
of life", liberty, or propeity, without due process of law," is
the language of the Constitution. Thereioie, all wholesale
bills confiscating estates, or property of any kind, whether
lands, slaves, or chattels, are in violation of the laws ot
Christian warfare, and forbidden by the Constitution of the
United States.
[Mr. Wickliffe's remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Remarks were also submitted by Messrs. ZOL-
LINGER, NOELL, ELY,GURLEY, WHITE
of Indiana,LAW, ROLLINSof Missouri, HAN-
CI-IETT, PRICE, and NUGEN. [They will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to submit
the Senate bill as a pending amendment.
Mr. WILSON. 1 object.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, in concluding the
debate on these bills, I have to congratulate the
House that the time is at hand when we shall be
enabled, by our votes, to show to the country
whether we, the Representatives of the loyal armies
who arc periling their lives in the battle and the
camp, are willing to use the power which the laws
confer upon Congress to pass such enactments
as shall strengthen the arm of the Government;
whether, at this time, with the sound of war in our
ears, with the army of the rebels almost within
sight of the capital; now, when our brethren and
friends are dying by pestilence under the fierce
sun of the South, when the strength of the Gov-
ernment is being tested, when the loyal men of the
Governmental callcd upon to devote then- lives to
the service of the country, and to pour out their
treasure m its behalf, whether we will do that act
which Judge Marshall said Congress can do, which
the States cannot do, which no tribunal except that
of Congress can do; whether we are prepared, by
our legislation, now, in a time of war and under
the rights of a time of war, to legislate so as to put
down this rebellion, to weaken'the power of the
enemy, and to strengthen the power of the Gov-
ernment. My friends, it is in vain, it is a pretense,
it is a legal fiction for gentlemen persistently to
argue that these bills, as they have come from the
special committee, are designed to punish treason.
They are designed for no such purpose. They
have no such result in view; but on the contrary 
they are designed to weaken the power of the en-
emy; to take the property of the enemy which he
is using for your destruction and for mine; and to
strengthen the power of the Government. They
are designed to bring about a speedy and perma-
nent peace—that is the object of these bills. They
propose now, in time of war, to take from the
enemy the instruments of war, without which he
cannot continue this rebellion. And, sir,the time
is at hand when the loyal men from your States
who have been stripped of all their possessions,
whose real estate, houses, stores, goods, credits,
and effects have been confiscated by the acts of
thisconfederategovernment,under the bills passed
by its congress, will come, and rightfully come,
and ask that their Government shall interpose to
do something in their behalf.
These bills will accomplish a twofold result.
They will tend to crush the enemy by taking from
him his means of making war. They will tend
to strengthen the Government, and thr-y will tend
to constitute a fund out of which the Government
may indemnify the loyal sufferers.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts permit me to interrupt him?
Mr. IvILLINGER. I object.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will withdiaw his objection,
and that I will have unanimous consent to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts a question.
Mr. KILLINGER. I do not withdraw my
objection.
