3316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Virginia, to be substituted for the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, if acceptable to him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio offer ai} amendment to the amend-
ment of ihc Senator from Virginia?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; but I will hear the
proposition of the Senator from Kansas, and 1
may agree to accept it as a modification; 1 do not
know.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Wil-
ley, to strike out all after the enacting clause of
the bill, and insert:
That the State of West Virginia be, and is hereby, de-
clared to be one of the United States of America, and ad-
mitted into the Union on an equal footing with the original
Suites in ali lespects whatever, and until the next coneral
census shall be entitled to three members in the House ol
Representatives of the United States: Provided ah'-uyi.
That this act shall not take effect until after the proclama-
tion of the President of the United States-hrieinattei pro-
vided for.
Sec. 2. It being represented to Congress thai since the
convention of the 2(5 th of Novomlx't, 1861, that trained and
proposed the constitution I'oi the ^aid State of Weft Vir-
ginia, the people thereof have expressed a wish to change
the seventh section ol the eleventh attiele of said constitu-
tion by stnkingouuhe s;irno, and mseitiiigthe following in
ifs place, namely, " The childien of slaves born within the
limits of this State atter the 4th day of July, 18C3, shall be
free and no slave shall be permitted to come into the State
for permanent residence thereinTheieiore,
Beit further enacted, That whenever the people of West
Virginia shall, through their slid convention, and bvavoio
to be taken at an election lobe held within the limits of
tiie State at < nch time as the convention may pi ovule, make
and raufv the change afmc&aid and piopeiiy cenity the
same undei the hand ol the pi evident of the convention, it
shall be lawful for the President of the United States to
lhsue his proclamation .statin" the fact, and thereupon tins
act .shall take ellect, and bu iu loice fioin and alter s>ixty
days fioiu the date of said proclamation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas proposes to amend the amendment
by inserting, after the word " free," the words:
And that all slaves within the said State who shall at the
time aforesaid be under the age of ten years bhall be free
when they uuivc .it the age of twenty-one yeais. and nil
slaves over ten and under twenty-one yeais shall he fiee
when they ariive at the age of twenty-five years.
Mr. KENNEDY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows:
YEA8—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Doolittle,
Foot, foster, Grimes, Uarlan, Harris, Howard, Howe,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mori ill, Potnemy,
Sherman, Simmon*, Huinuei, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilmotj uud Wilson of Massachusetts—^,
WAYS—-Messrs. Hrownlng, Cnrlile, ftavw, Henderson,
Kennedy, MeDougall, Powell, Saulsbury, Stark, Witley,
WiUon of Missouii, and VVrighl—12.
So the amend men t was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendmentof the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Wim.ky,! as amended.
Mr. CARL1LE. I propose now to amend the
amendment by .striking out all after the woid
41 whatever," m the sixth line of the first section,
go as to test the sense of the Senate upon the ad-
mission of the State without conditions, and upon
that proposition X ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr..WlLLEY. Although, as I have already
stated, that would be more acceptable to me, yet
having proposed the amendment in good faith to
meet my friends on the other side, I shall vote
against ihe motion to strike out.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays as follows:
YI3AS—Messrs. Carl lie. Cowan. Davn. Henderson. Ken-
nedy, MeDougall, Powell, Saulsbury, Staik, Wilson of
Missouri,.and Wiight—11.
NAYS—Mtis^rs. Anthony, Browning. Clark, Doolittle,
Foot, Foster, 0limes. Uarlan, llarrK Ilowaid, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mornll, Pomerov, Sherman,
601111)011?!, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Ti ninhull, Wad'*, Wilkin-
son, Wiliey, Wilmut, and Wilson ot Mas-aehiisetN—*2~).
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Willey,] as amended.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill is still in commit-
tee, i und< rstand, and will bo open to amendment
when it comes into the Senate. •
The P/iESIPIN'U OFFICER. It win be.
The bill was reported to the Senate,as amended;
and the aim ndment was concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I had proposed to offer in the
Senate the amendment which I offered in the com-
mittee. I do not like to take up the time of the
Senate, but I thought the Senate acted on the
amendment hastily, perhaps without full consid-
eration, without considering the bearing of the
proposition. The amendment was simply the old
Jeffersonian proviso. It will be remembered that
whpn that proviso was passed for the Northwest
Territory, it operated upon slavery already there,
and absolutely forbade it from that time forward.
In point of fact, slaves were freed by thcoperation
of that proviso. It seems to me only just  
-Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to ask what is the
gentleman's amendment. ^
Mr. SUMNER. The Jeffersonian proviso.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I understand, the Sen-
ate have concurred in the amendment made in
committee, w.hieh isasubstitute for the whole bill.
It legulates the whole subject of slavery, and the
Senator's amendment is inconsistent with the
amendment we have made.
Mr. SUMNER.. I have not offered the amend-
ment in the Senate.
I asked you what it was,
Mr. COLLAMER.
and you stated.
Mr. SUMNER. 1
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER.
offered in committee that
We have adopted in the
Senate the committee's amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. We have not yet taken the
vote on the final passage of this bill. If the Sen-
ator would have the kindness to listen to me until
1 clo.se—I shall not occupy three minutes—he
would see the bearing of what I have to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
that his amendment cannot Coadopted unless the
Senate strike out what is already in the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. JfScnators will have the kind-
ness to listen to the close, they will hear what I
have to say. I was speaking of the amendment
which I offered, and of us importance, and that
it was borrowed from Thomas Jefferson; that it
was regarded by him as practical; that it had been
recognized in the history of our country as one
of its honors. I proposed it on this occasion. I
thought it well that this production of Virginia's
son should help to redeem Virginia, it has been
voted down, and now the question recurs whether
the Senate will vote for the bill which pi oposes to
recognize a new slave State. It may be that the
slavery will be for a short iei m of time, foi twenty -
one years, if you please, but that i« a long teuu
for slavery. I cannot coifeeru to admit a new State
into the Union with slavery for twenty-one years.
We all know, as I have said before, that it takes
a very little slavery to make a slave State. We
know that with seventeen hundred slaves in Del-
aware, that State sends two Senators of slavery
to this Chamber. Shall we have two other rep-
resentatives of slavery in this Chamber hereafter
from a State newly created by ourselves? Never,
sir, by my vote; and as the Senate has seen fit to
discard the proposition which I have made, I shall
deem it my duty to vote against the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make a
statement in answer to the remarks made by the
Senator from Massachusetts. So far as I am con-
cerned, I propose to legislate upon the subject of
slavery as upon all other subjects, practically. I
voted with the Senator for his ordinance of 1787
as an amendment to this bill. 1 am assured by
members of the House of Representatives that if
that amendment be affixed to this bill, it will fail
in the House; I am assured by the Senators from
this Stnte that if it be affixed to the bill it will fail
before the people. Therefore, as the best thing that
I can do, I vote for the bill as amended, being will-
ing to take from a slave State slavery in twenty-
one years, if we cannot get rid of it earlier.
Mr. CARLILE. For the purpose of making
every effort that is in my power within the rules
of the Senate, and in aecoidance with the request
of the Legislature, I merely—I shall not ask for
the yeas and nays upon it—move to strike out all
after the word " States," beginning with the pro- i
viso, so as to get rid of the conditions. j
The amendment was rejected. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further i
amendment be moved, the preamble will be read. I
The Secretary read the preamble. |
Mr. WILLEY. In place of the preamble, I |
propose to offer the following, which is the pre- ;
ambU* to the House bill already adopted as a sub- ]
stitute for the Senate bill: i
Whereas the people inhabiting that poition of Virginia !
known as West Virginia did, by a convention assembled m
the city ot Wheeling, on the 26th of November, 1861,fiame
for themselves a constitution, with a view of becoming a
separate and independent State; and whereas at a general
election held in the counties composing the territoiy aioie-
said, on the 3d day of May last, the ^aid constitution was
approved and adopted by the qualified voters ol the pro-
posed State; and whereas the Legislature of Virginia, by
an act passed on the 13th day ot May, 1863, did give its con-
sent to the foimation of a new State within the jurisdiction
of the said State of .Virginia, to he known by the name of
West Virginia, and to embrace the following named coun-
ties to Wit: Ilaneoek, Biookc, Ohio, Marshall, Wetzel,
Marion. Monongalia, Preston, Taj lor, Tyler. Pleasants,
Ritchie', Doddridge, Harrison, Wood, Jackson, Wirt, lloane,
Calhoun, Gilmer, Barbour, Tucker, Lewis, Braxton, Up-
shur, Randolph, Mason, Putnam, Kanawha, Clay, Nich-
olas Cabell, Wavne, Boone, Logan, Wyoming, Mercer,
McDowell, Webster, Pocahontas, Fayette, Raleigh^ Green-
brier, Momoe, Pendleton, Hardy, Hampshire, and Morgan ;
and whcieas both the convention and Legislature aforesaid
exnre<wrd a «tron  desire that the new State should be ad-
mitted into the Union, and the constitution aloresaid being
republican in ionu, Congress doth hereby consent that the
outd foity-eight counties may be formed into a separate and
independent State: Therefore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 ordeung the bill to be engrossed for a third
loading. . , „ ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before taking the final vote
on this bill, as it seems now to be brought to that
stage where a vote is proposed to be taken upon it,
I desire to say that lam utterly opposed to the ad-
mission of a new State at this time from Western
Virginia. I do not think, in the present unsettled
condition of the country, till we see how we are to
come out of th is struggle, we ought to be admitting
another State. We need the present organization in
Western Virginia, which is the State ofVirgmia.
It was upon the principle that that organization
represented the whole State of Virginia, not sim-
ply the western part of it, that the Senators were
admitted upon this floor. Now, in point of fact,
we know that the jurisdiction of the State of Vir-
ginia, as at present organized and loyal to the Gov-
ernment, does not extend over the whole territory
of Virginia, hut only a portion of it. We arc
making some progress in reclaiming other parts
of Virginia that were not embraced in the por-
tion oiigmally acknowledging the authority of the
organization 111 the western portion of the State,
and we need the organization that now exists to
help us to reclaim tile remainder of the State. As
we take possession of a county now, the jurisdic-
tion of the State government already in existence
is extended over it; but suppose that all that part
of the State of Virginia which acknowledges its
allegiance to the Federal Government is organized
into a State by itself, what are you to do with
the rest of it? We have, then, no nucleus for the
loyal people to rally around. We have lost the
benefit of this organization, which would help us
very materially in reclaiming the rest of the State.
Mr. WADE. How?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here is the county adjoin-
ing us across the river which is not proposed to
be embraced in the State of West Virginia. The
local laws of the State of Virginia are now ex-
tended over it. We need the administration of
local law in Alexandria to punish crime and to
administer upon estates. How can you enforce
the local law there without tribunals? Wow, the
government which holds its sessions at Wheeling
may provide for justices of the peace, judges of
couits, and other officeis in the county winch em-
braces Alexandria; but suppose you take that
away, what local law is leftat Alexandria? Have
you got a judge of probate5 Have you any tri-
bunal before which you can bring a suit to enforce
apnvate right ? Notatall. And how are you going
to have one? You have got military supremacy
there for the time being, but the military author-
ity cannot establish courts. That is a power re-
served by Congress; and it was so decided by the
Supreme Court in questions which arose in regard
to California. By creating this new State, wc lose
the benefit of the existing organization in West-
ern Virginia. That is one objection, and I think
a very serious objection, to acting upon it at this
time.
Again: it is needless to disguise the fact that
we are creating and admitting into the Union an-
other slave State. It is said a provision is made
for gradual emancipation, but not during our day.
1 believe the bill provides that children under ten
years of age shall be free when they arrive at
twenty-one, and those between ten and twenty-
one when they arrive at twenty-five. Whether,
in the amendment which has been proposed, there
