THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 17,
as it isa matter of some interest. The section
for the repeal of which tiiese gentlemen pray was
a section requiring the hours of labor in the sev-
eral navy-yards to be the same as in private es-
tablishments of the same kind in the vicinity.
They say that under that act the action of the sev-
eral commandants of the yards has not been uni-
form. Some of them make complaints of one
sort and same of another, and some have made no
complaint at all. No complaint at all has come
from the Philadelphia navy-yard. The complaint
from the New York navy-yard was of an exceed-
ingly trifling character. The complaints from the
Charlestown and Portsmouth navy-yards were
of a more serious character; but they were not
uniform at.all. This petition comes here from
several of the yards. The laborers in the Ports-
mouth and Philadelphia navy-yards have struck,
and refused to work. The committee were unan-
imous in their recommendation that, under those
circumstances, as the evil complained of was but
a slight one, and might be remedied by the action
of tiie Department without any action of Con-
gress, it was not expedient at this time to inter-
fere.
The report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 153) for the better organization of the
cavalry forces, reported it without amendment.
LETTERS OF SAILORS AND MARINES.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 193) in relation to the letters
of sailors and marines in the service of the United
States, have directed me to report it back to the
Senate without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass. As this is a small matter,
and I believe nobody makes any question about it,
if no objection be made, I wish to have the bill
put on us passage. It is simply to put marines
and sailors, in relation to letters, on the same foot-
ing with soldiers.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill;
which extends the provision of the act of July 22,
1861, authorizing soldiers to send letters through
the mails of the United States without prepay-
ment of postage, to the sailors and marines in the
actual service of the United States, under such
regulations as the Post Office Department may
provide, the postage thereon to be paid by the
recipients.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed,
POltPOSE OF CONGRESS TO TAX.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 32) declaratory of the purpose of Con-
gress to impose a tax, have directed me to report
it back without amendment. It is a resolution
about which, I presume, there can be no doubt;
and it is rather desirable, with reference to the
state of the public funds, that it should be passed
immediately. I will therefore move, if no one has
any objection, that it be acted on at the present
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read for
the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That,
ill order to pay the oidinary expenses of the Government,
the inteiestoii the national loans, and have an ample sink-
ing fund for the ultimalo liquidation of all public debts, a
tax feliall be imposed which shall, with the taulTon mipoits,
secure an annual rcvenueof not less than ^150,000,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I shall
object to the resolution. 1 do not sec any prac-
tical importance in it, however. It looks to me
like a sort of manifesto, that will amount to very
little before the country, I do not believe very
much in that kind of resolution. When we get
our bills before us for the purpose of raising lev-
enue, I shall go as far as any gentleman, I think,
as far certainly as the country will bear  
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
object to the consideration of the resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, 1 will not object.
I will say a word upon it, however. $
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the consideration of this resolution at
the present time?
Mr. CARLILE. I was about to request the
Senator from Maine to let it lie over until Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Senator
that the resolution is very easily understood; I can
explain it in two miiuites; and it certainly is very
desirable that it should pass immediately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is an ob-
jection it must go over until to-morrow. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 presume the Senator
will not object.
Mr. CARLILE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia objects, and the resolution will lie over.
Mr. CARLILE subsequently said: At the re-
quest of Senators I withdraw the objection I made
to the declaratory resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection being
withdrawn, the joint resolution is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was saying a word on
that resolution when the question came up as to
putting it over, and I desire to say but a word in
relation to it. I shall certainly go as far as any
one to raise the means for the purpose of putting
down this rebellion,but I would much rather man-
ifest my zeal upon practical measures than upon
a resolution which amounts to nothing—a mere
declaration of what we are going to do. When
we come to act on the bills which I have no doubt
the Committee on Finance of this body and the
Committee ofWay s and Means of the other House
will mature, we shall see what they embrace; and
I suppose that every Senator hero (for I take it all
arc loyal and want to put down this rebellion) will
agree to go for all the taxation that the country
can bear. But, sir, I have never had much fancy
for this sort of resolution declaratory of what we
are going to do. I do not object to its considera-
tion, and shall not object to its passage, and per-
haps shall vote for it, but still I attach very little
importance to a resolution of this kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it may be as well
for me to say a word in relation to this question.
So far as we in this body are concerned, the res-
olution is of no-importance; so far as many of the
intelligent men of the country who know our opin-
ions are concerned, it may be of very little con-
sequence; butthe Senator is aware, and so are the
Senate, that much impatience has been expressed
in regard to the proceedings of Congress on finan-
cial matters; and there has been a feeling of inse-
curity in the country with reference to our real
design on the subject of taxation. The financial
gentlemen who have been here from several sec-
tions of the country advising with the Secretary
of the Treasury and the committees of the two
Houses—and to whom I take this occasion to say
we are greatly indebted for much good counsel and
much valuable information on the subject—have
said that they themselves, individually, from their
communications with gentlemen of both Houses
here, were entirely satisfied of the intention of
Congress to put on taxes to such an extent as
might be needed in order to support the credit of
the Government; but, unfortunately, there is this
feeling of insecurity at home in the public mind;
the Government paper has already began to fall
in the market; and they were of opinion and ad-
vised that if Congress would immediately pass a
declaratory resolution that it was their intention
to raise a certain amount of money by taxation,
it would have a very important effect m quieting
the minds of the people,and in arresting the down-
ward tendency of the Government securities.
Under these circumstances the committees of the
two Houses concurred with them; the resolution
was presented to the House of Representatives
and passed almost unanimously, with that object
alone. It having ceased to be an original question
as to the introduction of such a resolution, if we
should now decline to pass it at once, that action
of ours would have a very bad tendency. Its pas-
sage can do no harm, and I think may do much
good in that particular; and I therefore deem it
advisable to pass it at once. As my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer] suggests, the House of
Representatives, where bills to raise revenue must
originate, have said they would raise the amount
named in the resolution, and it becomes us to con-
cur. As to the amount, no man who has exam-
ined the question at all, can hesitate to believe that
our revenue for the next year, from all sources,
including customs, must be at least $150,000,000.
My only doubt is whether it must not exceed that;
certainly it must be that amount. Hence there can
be no objection to the resolution, ©n any ground,
it seems to me.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to ob-
ject to the consideration of the resolution at this
time; but if I were to make no objection to its
passage, it might reasonably be inferred that 1 was
committed to vote for the taxation indicated by it.
I do not feel disposed to pledge myself in advance
to vote for direct taxes on the people to the amount
of §120,000,000 or $130,000,000 annually. This
resolution amounts to that. It proposes to de-
clare that we intend to raise $150,000,000, and of
course all that is not raised by the tariff must be
raised by direct taxation.
I suppose no gentleman imagines that we shall
get more than $30,000,000 from the tariff. That
will leave $120,000,000 to be raised by direct tax-
ation. I am not disposed, in advance, to pledge
myself to vote for direct taxation to that amount.
While I make no objection to the consideration of
the resolution, I cannot vote for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator used the
term " direct taxation." In one sense that may
be correct, but the resolution includes taxes of all
kinds—a land tax, which of course is direct, ex-
cises, an income tax, &c.
Mr. POWELL. I am aware that the resolu-
tion embraces all internal taxes. I used the words
direct taxes in contradistinction to imposts.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to a third reading; and it was read
the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN.' For the purpose of testing
the sense of the Senate, I should like to have the
yeas and nays recorded on the passage of the
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 39, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howard^
Ilowe, Johnson, Kennedy, King, Lane oflndiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Riee, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson,Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson—39.
NAY—Mr. Powell—1.
So the joint resolution was passed.
110LES AND ARTICLES OF WAR.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 152) to amend the
fifty-fifth article of the first section of the act of
the 10th of April, 1806, and the second section of
the same act, to report it back without amend-
ment; and as it is a very plain and simple bill, and
important to be passed, I desire to have it acted
on at this time.
Mr. PEARCE. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
amend the rules and articles of war, so as to pro-
vide that any person belonging to the armies of
the United States in foreign parts or at any place
within the United States-or their Territories dur-
ing rebellion against the supremo authority of the
United States who shall force a safe-guard shall
suffer death; and that in time of war or rebellion
against the supreme authoi ity of the United States,
all persons who shall be found lurking or acting
as spies in or about the fortifications, encamp-
ments, posts, quarters, or headquarters of the
armies of the United States, shall suffer death by
sentence of a general court-martial.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill may be entirelv
right; perhaps it is; but it has not been printed.
It inflicts the highest penalty that can be inflicted
for crime; and unless the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has a special reason for passing it to-day,
I prefer that it should go over in order that it may
be printed, so that we can look at it. I do not
like to object to its consideration if there is a special
urgency for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object tothe presentcon-
sideration of the bill. I certainly would not inflict
so severe a penalty without consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill being ob-
jected to, it must go over.
COMPENSATION OF MR. STANTON.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee to Auditand
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
