2358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
tain whether the lists of slaves given to them are
correct or incorrect lists. The lists reported to
the court are acted upon just as though the names
contained therein are the true names of the parties
concerned. The commissioners come to a gentle-
man and say, " We want to know the names of
your slaves." He gives them the names of half a
dozen. They have no right to ask or to ascertain
whether there are more or less, and whether those
half dozen are rightly or wrongly named. There
is no way of finding out whether the names are false
and fictitious or not. The commissioners them-
selves would probably be men of a class to whom
the power ana privilege of passing upon the ques-
tion of human liberty ought not to be given.* The
section in regard to colonization, if properly pre-
pared and if made voluntary, I should not object
to. The bill of the gentleman fromTennessee [Mr.
Maynard] is a bill of pains and penalties. It is
a strong bill to punish the crime of treason. It cre-
ates a great variety of offenses, and punishes them
in a very stringent manner. It is not, however,
properly speaking, a substitute for the bill before
the House. As an independent bill, if it were made
somewhat more simple, I can easily see that we
might ali gladly support it; but it is not a bill that
ought to take the place of the bill reported by the
committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. The object of the bill is to
punish treason.
Mr. ELIOT. I know that; but it creates other
offenses. It may be a good bill in itself; but not
as a substitute for the bill which we are now con-
sidering. I think that inasmuch as it is impossi-
ble for us to get bills that are satisfactory to every-
body, the safest way for us is to pass the bills as
reported by the committee; and if amendments
are needed to make the bills more perfect, they
can be made in the Senate. Let us pass them, or
I tell gentlemen we shall have no confiscation bill,
in my judgment, this session. Let us pass them
and send them to the Senate, and then, with the
deliberations of this House before them, the Sen-
ate will make such amendments and alterations
as commend themselves to their judgment. The
bills have been examined by distinguished law-
yers, and pronounced practical and effective.
Mr. Speaker, in the course of this discussion
these bills have been objected to on the ground of
want of power in Congress to legislate; because
this is not a good time foi such legislation; because
the bills are too severe; and because they affect
men who are not criminal, but who are the dupes
of others. I do not propose to discuss again the
constitutional power of Congress.
The gentleman from Virginia was right in say-
ing that the Constitution of the United States is
weaker than a rope of sand if it does not confer
upon us the power to save the life of the Govern-
ment in time of war. Judge Sprague says that
" we have in this war full belligerent lights," and
belligerent rights involve the power of confisca-
ting the property of the enemy, movable and im-
movable, not as punishment, but to weaken the
power of the enemy, to get indemnity from the
enemy, and to secure peace. Martens, Wheaton,
and Parsons, all establish this proposition, and so
does Halleck. fie says that a belligerent has the
right to deprive the enemy of everything which
might add to his strength, and enable him to
carry on hostilities.
General Halleck then says, and truly, as I have
argued before to-day, that modern usages had
modified this right, distinguishing between the
property of the State at war and of the citizen.
In this war the confederated States have no prop-
erty. The eminent domain is now in the United
States. But the armed and rebel citizen is the
enemy. He is not in this war to be deemed the
" private citizen." lie is not a constructive en-
emy, an enemy in theory, as owing allegiance
to a foreign Government, and taking in the hos-
tilities no actual part. He is the enemy, in fact,
owing allegiance to our Government, and using
his property and estate as an instrument of war
against it. He is a traitor, and our present laws
will reach him as such. He is an armed enemy,
and as such his property may be confiscated. It
is the loyal citizens that are the private citizens to
be protected. The rest are enemies of the coun-
try. They arc rebels in arms against the Gov-
ernment. They are belligerents, und against their
property we have the rights of war. Hdlleck
and Martens and Parsons and Wheaton, and all
the best publicists of the land, look back to Gro-
tius as the fountain and acknowledged source of
authority.
But in the course of this debate, gentlemen, with
an assumption of authority which is, to say the
least of it, original, would overrule and ignore
" old Grotius, as my friend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Sheffield] called him, as they would over-
rule the obiter dicta of a justice of the peace of
the middle ages. Yet Mr. Halleck does not say
scf. In the last book which he has written on the
subject, he says that " Grotius, justly regarded
as the founder of modern international law, was
the most remarkable man of the age in which he
lived—an age distinguished for men of genius and
learning." He was born in 1583,and his work,
De Jure Belli ac Pads, was published in 1625; so
that "old Grotius" was forty-two years of age
when that treatise was prepared, which, as Hal-
leck says, " has been translated into all languages,
and has elicited the admiration of all nations, and
of all succeeding ages." " Its author is univer-
sally regarded as tne great master builder of the
science of international jurisprudence. In addi-
tion to his reputation as a writer on public law,
he was almost equally distinguished as a states-
man, diplomatist, historian, and theologian, and
as a practical lawyer and eloquent advocate."
Chancellor Kent, and Mr. Parsons and Mr.
Wheaton and Judge Marshall, sustain the right
as prescribed by Grotius, referring to the author-
ities discarded by gentlemen in this debate; and
they say further that here, in Congress, the power
to legislate exists, and here alone; and that, al-
though the right exists in the Government, with-
out act of Congress it is not operative. In other
countries the right exists in the king without spe-
cial laws; but here Congress must legislate.
But gentlemen say this is not the time. I say
it is precisely now, in time of war; now, when
the enemy, red-handed, is attacking us with the
aid of property which we seek to confiscate, that
wc can act. In time of peace the laws of peace
prevail. In time of war the rights of war must
be used. This legislation is derived from them,
and under that power we ought to act. But it is
said by gentlemen these laws are severe. Severe,
are they > Why, sir, I have got in my hand a bill
that was proposed last December, providing that
all persons holding any office und<'r, or employ-
ment in, the confederate government of either
State of the confederacy, or connected in any way
with the army or navy, or who render service to
that government, embracing all that this bill em-
braces, and a large class of men besides, shall be
forthwith declared alien enemies, and that there-
upon all their property and estate of every kind,
money, evidences of debt, choses in action, and
every right and interest, legal or equitable, in pos-
session or remainder, shall be forfeited to, and
immediately, without any legal proceeding what-
ever, vest in the United States of America. There
is nothing in our bill to be compared with it.
The learned gentleman [Mr. tnomab, of Mas-
sachusetts] talked about the angels of mercy hav-
ing left the committee room ; but 1 believe he qual-
ified his remark immediately by excepting my
friends, the angels from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] and New Jersey, [Mr. Cobb.] Why, if I
had undertaken to offer in committee a bill so se-
vere and stringent in its terms as this, I am very
much afraid that the two angels referred to by the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts would have lifted
up their wings and soared from the committee
room in tears. And yet, Mr. Speaker, this bill
that I have referred to comes, not from the North,
not from the abolitionists, not from the fanatics,
not from men who desire to pntdown slavery and
reduce the South, but from an honorable Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts allow me to interrupt him?
Thu SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. KiLLiN&tai] objected to the yield-
ing the floor, unless it was yielded uncondition-
ally; and the Chair must insist on enforcing the
rules.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I am sure the gentleman
from Massachusetts does not want to do injustice
to the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. ELIOT. I certainly would do no injustice.
Mr. Speaker, the purpose of these bills is to con-
fiscate all the property of the leading rebels therein
specified.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
Is it competent for the objection of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to remain in force while the
gentleman has taken his person out of the Hall?
The SPEAKER. The objection remains good
unless it is withdrawn by the gentleman who made
it.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I raise the point of
order that the gentleman from Massachusetts shall
not allude in his remarks to a Senator of the Uni-
ted States.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order.
Mr. ELIOT. I have not done so. I have al-
luded to a bill introduced by a Senator, in order
to show that this bill is, comparatively, not severe.
The SPEAKER. The rule is that it shall not
be in order to refer to proceedings pending in the
other branch of Congress.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 have said all that I desired to
say on that subject. This bill seeks to condemn
the property of the leading rebels, and to place
the proceeds in the Treasury for the purpose of
helping to defray the expenses of the war, and
also in aid of those who have been robbed by the
confederate government. All laws of this kind,
gentlemen must be aware, must be in their terms
severe. The rebels began to confiscate a year ago.
They passed confiscation laws, and under those
laws there is but little property of loyal men left
in their States. We are slow in following their
example. I am surprised that, after a year's ex-
perience of the effects of their confiscation schemes,
and after they have used the property taken from
loyal citizens against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, gentlemen should come here and speak
of this bill as being too severe. There is not a
man of them who does not deserve to be hanged
by the neck until he be dead, under laws which
my friends, my humane and forgiving, Gospel-
loving, friends do venerate. The execution of
these laws, Mr. Speaker, must be and will be
affected by circumstances. No one need fear that
a loyal man will be permitted to suffer. Gentle-
men criticise this bill that it has no provision in
regard to giving to the President the power of par-
don. In my judgment such a provision is not
required, but if any member thought differently,
the bill was open to amendment. And now, if
such a provision is needful, the bill can be prop-
erly amended in that respect.
I do not, Mr. Speaker, go into the character of
the bill as an effective measure of legislation. No-
body pretends that the bill would not be operative.
The objection rests simply on the charge that it
is a bill proposed to punish treason. Gentlemen
who use that argument ought to know that it has
no such design, and can work out no such lesult.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that this bill will accom-
plish good in the borderStates. It will strengthen
the hands and hearts of loyal men. If made ef-
fectual, it will deprive the enemy of his means of
carrying on the war. It will help to weaken and
subdue him. It will increase our strength. It
will, in part, indemnify us against the cost of this
rebellion. It will give the property of rebels, first,
to their creditors in loyal States; and secondJy5it
will provide a means of indemnity for loyal men
whose property, owned m rebellious States, has
been taken from them.
Sir, when it is argued that this bill affects men
who are dupes of ambitious leaders, I cannot but
be struck with the audacity of such a proposition.
Who are the dupes named in the first section of
the bill? Are the president and vice president of
this rebel confederacy dupes? Are the members
of congress, members of the cabinet, members of
the legislatures, membersofconventions, high offi-
cers of the confederacy or of different States, dupes?
Have they not good sense enough to know what
they are doing ? Are they not conscious and will-
ful rebels, and enemies against their Government?
Are they notat war with us? Docs any sane man
believe they do not mean what they are doing, and
that they do not know what they mean ? Are they
dupes? Sir, if we are deceived by such arguments
against our bills we shall be the dupes, and the
enemy, as they wage this war and confiscate our
property, will hold us in derision.
Why, sir, what a state of society it must be
where dupes may be made so easily! Suppose it
was in Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Ohio, or Indi-
ana, from two of which States nearly three thou-
sand persons have presented petitions within a
few days; suppose such a rebellion existed there:
