1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dcr you believe any man would say those men
were dupes ? What is it that has brought about
such a condition of society? Sir, they are not
dupes, unless by reason of the fact that they live
under such an institution as lowers, degrades, and
benights them. No, no; they are not dupes any
more than their leaders are dupes, any more than
all are dupes who have permitted themselves to
argue and believe that they could break down this
Government and erect that slave republic, that
confederated government, 011 Us ruins.
Mr. Speaker, I have disposed of all that I de-
signed to say in support of this legislation, and in
answer to these amendments and to the arguments
urged against our bills. I have endeavored during
the last'week, so far as I could, to see that every
gentleman who desired to be heard upon these ques-
tions should have an opportunity, and those who
have not had that opportunity have presented and
may present, in another form, their views to the
H ouse and the country.
Now, sir, I call upon the House to vote directly
upon these amendments and upon these bills. Let
us pass them. If we do not pass them, no bills
can pass during the present session to accomplish
the object they have in view. Let us show that,
so far as we are concerned, as the Legislature of
the country, as the Congress of the United States,
we are willing, so far as we are constitutionally
able, to hearken to the cry of our people, to uphold
and strengthen the arms of the Government and
condemn the property of rebel enemies, which is
now employed for the overthrow of our Consti-
tution and our laws.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
a single suggestion
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no desire
to debate. 1 wished merely to suggest that inas-
much as many members of the House were under
the impression tins bill would not come up until
the expiration of the morning hour, there should
be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must enforce the
objection of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
the gentleman from Massachusetts should not
yield unless lie yielded altogether.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a single inquiry
of Lhe gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot permit the
gentleman from Massachusetts to be interrupted,
objection having hpen made.
Mr. COX. I presume the gentleman from
Massachusetts has concluded his remarks.
The SPEAKER. Then no debate is in order,
the main question having been ordered.
Mr. COX. It is in order by unanimous con-
sent. I ask the consent of the House to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must object, it
it is in the form of debate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the Chair will
not permit me to make the suggestion, I make this
point of order: I understood, and I am confirmed
in my recollection by others, that this bill was to
come up for consideration at the expiration of the
morning hour. 1 find, however, that the order
was otherwise; but inasmuch as members are
absent, in consequence of such an understanding,
I desire to move that there be a call of the House,
not with any view of making a factious opposi-
tion to the bill, but merely to give members who
are absent an opportunity to be lieie.
Mr. COX. I do not think that is necessary.
The House seems to be full. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
order was distinctly stated by the Chair, and en-
tered on the Journal that the main question should
beoidered immediately after the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. So I now under-
stand. 1, however, understood differently, and
there are others about me who understood it dit-
ferently.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Vermont. [Mr. Moruill,] as this
morning modified bj' him, will now be read.
Ml'. SlORRILL, of Vermont. I desire, before
that is done, to say a single woid.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to make
this statement to the House, and I presume no
one will object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. What I desired
to say was in reference to this amendment. The
House this morning gave its consent to permit me
to modify my original amendment. My colleague
[Mr. Walton] is, however, so anxious to get a
vote upon his proposition that 1 have concluded
to accept it as a modification of my own. I desire
to make this frank statement to the House, and
now, if there be no objection, I will accept the
proposition of my colleague ill place of my owt>.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM I must object to
any further changes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the Chair now to state
the condition of the question.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
upon the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] it hav-
ing been submitted to the body of the bill. The
question will next be upon the substitute proposed
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard.] If that shall fail, the question will then
arise on the substitute of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] and then upon the engross-
ment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. DELANO. I tlesire to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Ohio to withdraw his objection to
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
accepting the substitute of his colleague, [Mr.
Walton.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I renew the objection.
The question was then stated upon the follow-
ing amendment, submitted by Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling:
At the end ofline twentv-eiglit add tlie following:
Provided, That tlic peisons thirdly and fifthly above de-
scribed shall have accepted their appointments or election
since the date of the pretended ordinance of secession of
the State, or shall have taken an oath of allegiance to the
bo-called confederate State*.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call the yeas
and nays upon the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, simply for the reason that we
were not permitted to have a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messes. Aldiiel), Alley, Arnold, Ashley,Babbitt,
Bilker, Baxter, JJeaman, France-, i'- ilialr, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S lilalr, Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton,
Campbell, Chamherlin, Olaik,Clements, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkling, Ro.-coc Conkling, Culler, Davis, Dawes, Del-
ano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fcnton,
Fessenden, Fisher, Frank, Oooeli, Goodwin, Granger, Gur-
ley, Ilanciieii, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper, Hnrton, Uutch-
ins, Julian. K. llcv, Fr.mei- W. Kellogi?, William Kellojig,
Killin«ei, l.nn-mg. Loonies, Love]ov, Mclvtiijxllt, MqPher-
son, Mitchell, Mooihead, Anson t\ .Moriill, Justin S. Mor-
rill, Ni\on. Noell, Olin, Fallon, Timothy G. Phclp-, I'ike,
Pomcioy, Pmtcr. Potter, Puce, Alexander II. Jitee, John
I!. Rice. Kiddle,"Edward II. Rollins, Salient, Sedgwick,
Shanks Sheffield, Sloan, Smith, Kpaulding, Stevens, strat-
toli, lieuiamm F. Tlioma-., France Thomas, Tram, Tiini-
hie. Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van \ alkonhurgh, Veirce,
Wall, Wallace, E. I*. Walton, Washhui no, Wheeler, YVha-
Iey, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Woiccstei —
Hill.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anemia, Baity, Kiddle, George
If. Biowne, Calveil, Cobb, 1 Nirnine. Cox. Cravens, Cri^-
field,Crittenden. Dunl.ip, Engli-li. Grider, llaisht, Hall,
Ilaidmg, Holman, John-on, Kemgan, Knapp, Law, La-
zear, Leaiy. Lehman, Malloiy, Mavnaid, Menzies, Noble,
Norton. Siigen, Odcll, Pendleton, Perrv, John 3. Phelps,
Hicliard-on,^ Robinson, James S. Rollins, Slue!, John B.
Sleelc, WilliamG. Steele. Vallandmham, Voorhees, VVads-
woitli, Waid, Webster, Wieklitfe, Wood, and Wood-
ruff-50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. Frasciiot was
absent, and paired with Mr. Vibbard. He was
authuiized to say that if they were present Mr.
Franchot would vote for, and Mr. ViBBAnn
against these bills. How they would vote on the
various amendments he was not prepaied to say.
Mr. WHITE, ofOhio,stated that he had paired
with Mr. Bingham, who had gone home in con-
sequence of a death 111 his family; otherwise he
would vote •' 110" upon these bills.
Mr. CIUSFIELD stated that he had received a
dispatch from Ml'. May, announcing that lie was
absent in consequence of no trains running to-day
from Baltimore, otherwise he would vote "110 on
all confiscation and emancipation bills.
Mr JOHNSON said that Mr. Wright had
been called home by a very sad bereavement 111
his family.
Mr. GRIDER stated thiit Mr. Casey was de-
tained from the House hy sickness in his family;.
Mr. MORRIS. Mr. Speaker, oil iBis question
I am paired with my colleague, M|.;S4<eli.abar-
ger, who is necessarily absent. I would have
voted against this and all other amendments yet
offered, and against the bill.-,
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
-The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Mavnard's sub-
stitute, as follows:
That any person, being a citizen of the United States,
either native bom or naturalized, and of the age of twenty-
one years, who shall voluntarily enter the military service
of any pretended government, power, authority, organiza-
tion, combination, person or persons, either as officer, pri-
vate, musician, or sutler, commissary, paymaster, for the
purpose of hostile operations against the United States, or
any of the armies, or citizens thereof, or who shall solicit,
induce, request, constrain, or compel any person to join
the said military service for the purpose aforesaid, or who
shall voluntarily import, manufacture, make, buy, sell, give,
or furnibh any ship, vessel, boat, or other water craft, any
at mament, arms, ammunition, accouterments, or munitions
of war; any ordnance or. ordnance stores ; any uniform,
hat, cap, shoes, or other articles of clothing; any wagon,
cart, ambulance, carriage, or other vehicle; any hor e,
mule, ox, or other beast of burden, whether for draughtor
tiding; any grain, forage, meat, bread, or tiny other article
of food or drink for the sustenance or comfort of man or
beast, with the knowledge and intent that the same shall
be used and employed for the purpose aforesaid, or who
shall, during the continuance of such hostile operations,
hold and assume to exercise the functions of any civil office
under the authority of such organization, whether legisla-
tive or executive in its character, shall be guilty of treason,
and, on conviction thereof, shall suffer death by hanging;
and if the offender shall thcrctofoie have held any oifice
under the Government of the United States, of honor or
profit, whether military, naval, or civil, he shall be adjudged
in a fine at least equal to the proven value of his entire
estate.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further etiacted, That any person who
shall convey any information, by words, writings, signs,
picture?, signals, or in any other way, to any person, com-
bination, or organization of persons engaged in hostile oper-
ations against the Government of the United States, or any
of the peaceful citizens thereof, with <i view and for the
pmpose of aiding and assisting in such hostile operations,
or of enabling these persons so engaged to escape from ar-
rest or capture, when pursued, or who sliaii harbor, or con-
ceal, or admit into their houses, or upon their premises,
with a view to hat boring or concealing, any person or per-
sons engaged in such hostile operations, or who,.having
knowledge of the movements, or presence, or concealmcnt,
or the maich, or the encampment, or the plans,of any per-
son or persons engaged m &uch hostile operations, or of
their number, or lhe character and kind ot their arms and
equipments, and shall fall or lefuse to communicate the
same lo some officer of the United States when having an
opportunity and being able to do so, shall be guilty of nus-
pusionof tieason, and, upon conviction,shall undergo con-
finement at haul laboi lor a period not less than five years,
and shall be adjudged m a fine notices than the proven value
of his or her entue estate: Provided, That nothing heicin
contained fdiall exempt the party so offending from trial and
punishment by com t-martial, according to military usage
and the iules and ai tides of war.
Stc. 3. .dwl he it further enactcd, That any person who
shall devise and put in cnculation, whether verbally or
othei wise, or who -hall knowingly communicate, any false,
feigned, imagiiuny, or pretended matter of intelligence, or
information, icpoi t, bullet in, «r dispatch, touching the mil-
ltaiy opeiation^of the Government, or of those in hostility
thereto, with a view or for the purpose of alarming, intim-
idating, disheAiienina;, or disquieting peaceful and loyal
citizen*, or of encouraging, strengthening, consoling, coun-
tenancing, eheeiing, or comforting disloyal persons, or who
shall counsel, advise, or in any other mode attempt to in-
duce any citizen of the United States tol'orbeai, to neglect,
or to refuse to perform any duty or duties propeiiy belong-
ing to, or lawfully demanded of, such citizen; or who,when
theieto lawfully icquited, shall fail or refuse to takothe oath
ofail.'gianee 10 the Government of the United Statcsininan-
nei and form as prescribed by law, or who shall, hy writing
or othei wi-e. instigate the burning, bieaking, 01 destruction
of an\ ve-od. boat, or othei water erallt, any bridge, tunnel,
culwit, iailroad,dain, lock, canal, any hou&e, barn, or other
valuable building, any cotton, tobacco, guun. hay, nee,
t-u'Mi, or otlier produce, wiiethcr ia«v, or wholly or m pait
manufactured : Pyovidal, That the samepe not (lone by or
under tile direction «1" persons engaged 111 tlie imlitaij or
naval service of the Goveymient, or who shall wantonly,
and foi the purpose of indignity and insult, violate, tear,
take down,spit upon, revile,awault with oppiobnou, words
and m^turo, any liag of the United States or any (lag made
•titer the Mrnihtudcin geneial resemblance of the flngol the
(Tnitcd States, or designed and intended as a symbol of tlie
Government and the authoi ity ol tlie United States,whether
tlie same be official or unofficial, public or private property,
01 any oflicei, soldier, or othei person m the military or the
naval service of the United States, and wearing the uniform
or any badge ot his rank or service, or who shall make, buy,
sell,give,turmoil, rai^, hangout, 01 display anyilagor rep-
resentation of a llag, 01 arms, or device, 01 symbol of any
pretended government, power, authority,otgamzation,com-
bination, 01 person m hostility to the Government of the
United States, with a view and for the pmpose of testify-
ing and expressing ho^nlitj. or hatred, or opposition to tlie
Government of the United rttate&, or for giving encourage-
