1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
to whom was referred the following resolution,
reported it bark without amendment:
Resolved, That the usual compensation andmileage of a
Senator be allowed to Frederic P. Stanton, up to the time
Of the termination o( his contest {'ora seat m the Senate as
a Senator for the present Congress, to be paid out of the
contingent fund.
TheSenate proceeded to consider the resolution,
Mr. HALE. 1 am told by some gentlemen that
Mr. Stanton lias been paid one mileage. As the
law only provides two mileages for a Congress,
the other mileage will nut be due until the next
session.
Mr. DIXON. That question was raised before
the committee; but they thought that inasmuch as
the Senate at the last session declined to act upon
this case, although the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary was before them,and compelled Mr.
Stanton to come here the second time at this ses-
sion, it was no more than just that he should
receive mileage for doing so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the res-
olution by addmga proviso, thatMr.Stanton shall
receive but one mileage*, or, if he has already re-
ceived one mileage, the object may be accomplished
by striking out the words " and mileage'1 in the
resolution.
Mr. DIXON. I will state for the information of
the Senate that Mr. Stanton hasalicady received
one mileage, af (he last session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to paying an-
other, because it is very doubtful whether we can
get our own.
Mr. DIXON. The Senate can take such course
as they deem proper. The committee have re-
ported the resolution in the form they thought
right.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I move so to amend the
resolution as to make it read, i6 the usual compen-
sation, exclusive of mileage which he has already
received."
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A reconsideration is ne-
cessary in order to amend the resolution. The
words " which he has already received " ought to
be stricken out. I find by looking at the Journal
that he was paid compensation and mileage at the
last session. If the amendment is agreed to, it
will read ihathe shall receivc " the usual compen-
sation, exclusive of mileage," and it will not be
subject to the misconstruction which might exist
in case those words were in. I move, therefore,
to strike out the words " which he has already
received."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be so modified, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none, and it will stand passed in that
form by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
TRANSFER OF PRINTING APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was refuired a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 20) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to transfer certain balances
of an appropriation for printing of the second
session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress to the sum
appropriated for the first session of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. As it will give
rise to no debate, I ask for its present considera-
tion.
There being no objection,the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. The appropriation for printing
ordered to be executed by the first session of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress having been exhausted,
leaving a balance to be provided for of $5,608 71,
and there remaining of the appropriation for print-
ing ordered at the second session of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress abalance of f?25,608 55, which will
not be required, the bill proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to transfer from the
balance of the appropriation for printing for the
second session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress a
sum sufficient to meet the outstanding claim for j
printing for the first session of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress. |
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment; ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
SUTLERS IN TIIE VOLUNTEER FORCES.
Mr. WILSON submitted an amendment which
he intends to propose to the bill (S. No. 136) to
provide for the appointment of sutlers in the vol-
unteer service, and to define their duties; which
was ordered to be printed.
FUNERAL EXPENSES OF SENATOR BAKER.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to introduce a res-
olution, with a view of having it referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate:
Resohed, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate a sum notcxefieding one thousand dollars,
for the funeral expenses of the late Hon. Edward D. Baker,
Senator from the State of Oregon, the said sum to be paid
under the direction of the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe that resolution
has to be read three times.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I ask that it bo read
again, and referred to the Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses.
The resolution was read a second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
stant obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
157) in relation to volunteers for service in any
particular State; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWNING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,leave to introduce abill (S. No.
15G) for the better organization of the artillery of
the Army of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 33) in relation to the pay of the
first Senators and Representatives in Congress
from the State of Minnesota; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. *
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
senlativeswere severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 109) to prohibit the cooly trade by
American citizens in American vessels—to the
Committee on Commence.
A bill (No. 313) concerning the closing of the
office of surveyor general at St. Louis, and for
other purposes — to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (No. 217) to provide for furnishing pris-
oners of the United States Army in the revolted
States with clothing and other necessary supplies
•—to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A bill (No. 219) amending the provisions of the
second section of the act of January 20,1857, en-
forcing the attendance of witnesses before com-
mittees of either House of Congress—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day. It be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that motion will
not prevail. There is a special order for this morn-
ing, a privileged question, which should have
been taken up yesterday—the resolution relating
to the seat of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Bright.] 1 understand the Senator him self wishes
it to be determined, and I see no reason why we
should not dispose of it this morning. I suppose
it will take but a short time. I therefore hope that
this motion may be defeated, m order that that
resolution may be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very anxious to proceed
with the special order to which the Senatorfrom
Minnesota lefers. He is notmorc anxious than I
am. I confidently expected yesterday that we
should be able toprnceed with it; but all theSenate |
know that there is business pending in executive i
session,to which I can only allude here, which it
is important we should -act upon at once. At any
rate, having commenced that business in execu-
tive session, I think it better that theSenateshould
proceed with ittotheend; and-accord-inglyl make
the motion, and must-persist in it.
Mr. BRIGHT. Of course, sir, I am very anx-
ious, and have been from the commencement, to
have the question referred to by the Senator fi*om
Minnesotadisposed of. 1 said so yesterday, when
it was the special order for one o'clock. The*Sen-
ator from Massachusetts then stated that there
was important executive business which it was
expected could be accomplished yesterday, and I
yielded. I understand, and indeed 1 know the fact,
that that business was not disposed of* I shall
not attempt to resist the desire of the Senator to
finish it; I shall, therefore, yield, hoping that on
Monday there will be no objection to taking up
that resolution and disposing of it.
The motion of Mr. Sumner was agreed to, and
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business; and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 118) to authorize the Postmaster
General to establish branch post'offices in cities; -
and
A bill (No. 222) for the relief of Samuel Bentz;.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The messagefurtherannounccd thattheSpeaker
had signed the following enrolled bill and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 193) in relation to the letters
of sailors and marines in the service of the United
States; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 32) declaratory
of the purpose of Congress to impose a tax.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 118) to authorize the Postmaster
General to establish branch post offices in cities—
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
A bill (No. 222) for the relief of Samuel Bentz—
to the Committee on Patents and the PatentOffice.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 17, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton,
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
DISTRICT PENITENTIARY.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous conscnt, intro-
duced a bill to transfer the penitentiary buildings
of the District of Columbia to the War Depart-
ment, to be used as an arsenal; which was read a
first and second time, refcired to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and, with the
accompanying documents, ordered to be printed.
NAVAL STATION.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, presented joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, relative to the location and
establishment of a naval station and dock-yard at
Grand Haven or some other suitable place in the
State of Michigan; which was referred to the spe-
cial committee on river and harbor defenses, and
ordered to be printed.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the regular busi-
ness in order to be the call of committees for re-
ports, private in their nature.
COURT OF CLAIMS REPORTS.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the adverse reports fiom the Court of
Claims he leferted to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. FENTON. I will say in explanation of
the resolution that there are on the Calendar of
