1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
180?
large ones, drawing ten or twelve feet of water,
and then place them in different portions of the
harbor where they can have an enfilading fire on
any vessels that may approach with a hostile pur-
pose. That is the kind of coast defense we want.
That is the kind of naval maritime defense we
have got to have, sooner or later.
The Senator seemed to indicate that I was, per-
haps, a little inconsistent in opposing this prop-
osition, while I was willing to vote for a proposi-
tion for an untried experiment in the shape of an
appropriation of ten or fifteen millions for gun-
boats. Now, if the Senator from Ohio will agree
to put the same limitations and restrictions upon
this appropiiation that we put upon that, I will
vote for it. In the first place, it is not an experi-
ment, the appropriation of $10,000,000 heretofore
made being the basis on which to act. We do
know now that this Monitor is a sea-going vessel.
We do know now that she is impenetrable to the
balls of the enemy, even when thrown fiotn a hun-
dred-pound rifled cannon, or from one of those
destructive engines, the "YVhitworth gun. We
therefore have that basis to woikupon. Now,all
we have got to do is to inci< aso the capacity and
dimensions, and improve upon the facts and the
experience which the last few weeks have given
us, and then we shall have an iron-plated Navy
that will be worthy of the country.
Hut, Mr. Presidents we did not, i certainly did
not, vote for that ten or fifteen millions of appro-
priation to be expended under a private contractor;
to be expended upon men of whom we know noth-
ing; to be expended by men who do not wear the
hvei v of the Government; to be expended by those
who have not a reputation at stake in this matter;
to be expended by men who do not thoroughly
understand what they ore about, and have not.
their plans and specifications specifically detailed
before them before they act. We intrust this ten
or fifteen millions of dollars to the Navy Depart-
ment. That Deportment cabs to its aid all the
wisdom and expeiience that can be found in the
Depailmeni before it acts. J t acts, therclbie, un-
derstandingly. What are we acting upon ? No-
body can tell us what the facts are in regard to this
vessel. Nobody can toll us how she is to bo built.
We have no plans; no specifications. No one
knows how her guns are to be protected, how the
gunners are to be protected, what her diaught of
water is, or anything of that kind; and yet Sen-
ators are willing to vote for an appropriation of
$700,000 out of the Treasury to complete it.
If the Senator from Ohio will agree to say that
this money shall be expended, if expended at all,
under the direction and control of the Navy De-
partment, I am willing to agiee to it; I will vote
for the amendment; but what I object to is that
we shall appropriate money out of the Treasury
in this loose, indefinite way for a project of which
wc know nothing, or, so far as our knowledge
does extend, that we know unfavorably. The
Senator from Ohio says he voted against it last
July, because he did not know much about it,
because he had no tangible evidence before him
as to its merits; and yet now, when, under the
authority of a resolution adopted at the exti a ses-
sion, we have appointed a commission of skillful
expeits to examine it, and theyieport against it,
he votes foi it. I leave it to the Senate to say
whether the Senator from Ohio shows the more
consistency or whether I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my fuend will allow
me a moment to answer the charge of inconsist-
ency.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to that, i never
care much about consistency when I think I am
right. I am willing now to try an experiment
that 1 would not try six weeks ago, in iron-clad
vessels, and I know my friend is levolutiomzed
in the same manner, only he goes oil in another
direction. Six months ago I was opposed to
tins experiment, because I did not know any-
thing about this Stevens battery, or its merits;
but I can now take up the leport made by these
officers, and show from that report that they ad-
mit that it has many merits that 1 did not dream
of. When we come to look ovei our work of
last summer, I ask Senators whether it would not
probably have been wisei for us to have tried the
expei iment ? If last sum me i we could have, looked
six months ahead, I ask would we not have tried
this experiment and a great many others? We
could accomplish a great deal if we had now four
or five gunboats built like the Monitor and Ste-
vens battery. With two or three of that kind of
vessels we could go right down to New Orleans
by the batteries that now stop us at Island No. 10.
If we had iron-plated vessels at Fortress Monroe
we could have gone right m between Craney
Island and So wall's Point at any time within the
last six months, and have taken Norfolk, as I
think our army ought to do without endangering
our vessels. We could have bombarded and
shelled Norfolk right in the presence of the Mer-
rimae, if we had had iron vessels of that kind.
We could not foresee all these things; I did not
foresee them. If I had, i should have voted with
others m favor of building any number of steam
gunboats. I had not the foresight to foresee it,
nor had any one else. I believe the Senate voted
down a proposition to build vessels of that kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; we passed it.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate, we voted down
this proposition to complete Stevens's battery. We
could have had it completed by December. I
ask Senators whether, in order to preserve our
consistency, meiely because we occupied a posi-
tion like tiiat six months ago, wc should now en-
danger the safety of the country? I think not; I
am perfectly willing to change my vote and change
my action whenever I am convinced that I was
wrong.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think my friend from
Ohio has got himself into rather an unfortunate
position, and every explanation he makes only
plunges him in deeper. He certainly is the last
man in the Senate I should have looked to forsup-
port to a proposition of this kind. lie lias uni-
formly been for great cure in expenditures, against
trying experiments with the public money; and
yet he selects the strangest pioposition, and the
one having the least appearance of success about,
it, that has ever been brought before Congress,
either from its lustoi y or ftom opinions with ic-
gard to it, as the one upon which to spend three
qnaileis of a million by way of experiment; and
he says the reason is, that things have changed
with respect to it. How have they changed r Last
summer he would not vote for it because he knew
nothing about if, and insisted with me upon hav-
ing a commission to examine it. The commission
have reported. The substance of their report is,
that although it has many merits, yet it has so
many absolute and unconquerable defects that
they must report against it; and now he says he
is satisfied because they say it has merits if they
can be canied out, and he is willing to make the
experiment. That is a singular process of rea-
soning, one which would not be. satisfactory to me,
and I am surprised how, with my friend's clear
vision, he can possibly see things in that light.
However, that is for him to settle, and not for me.
Now, sir, 1 want the Senate, or those of them
who are presentand who choose to listen, to learn
a little more about the history of this transaction
and see howmuch dependence isto beplacedupon
it. As L stated Jast summer, I happened to be a
member of Congress and a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affaiis when this matter was first
undertaken. I favored it at that time. Congress
in 18*J'i made an appropriation of $250,000 to en-
able Mr. Stevens to tiy this experiment; he con-
tracting substantially, and it was upon that con-
dition, that the whole cost should not exceed the
mean cost ot two wooden vessels then building.
It was to be completed and delivered to Congress
for that amount of money within two years. That
was the leport made to the committee. The two
years expired and he had not struck a stroke; he
had not expended the first dollar. It is now
twenty years ago since that law was passed; and
Htthe endof two years, in which he had contracted
to deliver that vessel to Congress, he had not ex-
pended the first dollar.
What he did was this: just before the two years
expired lie made a new contract with Mr. John
Y. Mason, in which the terms were somewhat
varied, and varied very much to his advantage;
and he was then to have two years more in which
to build the vessel. What were the terms then?
The contract was this: he was to have the vessel
done in two years, but he was to be paid as he
brought m his bills to the amount of $5,000: and
how was he to be paid? The contract is before
me. He was to have on every day's labor ex-
pended by every man in his emplciy upon it the
usual profits paid in yards for -the construction of
vessejs; he was to have the profits on all his ma-
chinery—the rate per day was fixed—and- he-was*
to have the pay and thirty-three and one third per
cent, in addition upon all the gross materials amh
raw materials that* he brought into the yard for
the purpose. That was his contract. He went on
for two years under that contract, and had made,
but very little pi ogress at the end of two years.
It hung up then until 1848, when he came forward
again and obtained an extension of four years
more in which to expend this money. Congress*
about that time made another appropriation of
§250,000, which would bring it up to $500,000.
At the end of four years he had spent a part of the
money, but the vessel then was in.no state of for-
wardness. Then he went on his own hook, draw-
ing the money, and he took out, under the con-
tract, the $500,000; receiving his profits upon every
day's work of every man in his employ; receiv-
ing the pay for his material and thirty-three and
one third per cent, advance, receiving the profits
on all his machinery, and he spent the money.
Mr. THOMSON. Where is that shown?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The contract shows it,
and I am assured the fact is so, because he brought
in his bills, and those were the bills he was to
present.
At the end of four years, in 1848, the vessel
was not completed; but he kept on until he had
spent §500,000, and the thing was hung up. In
the mean time the amount to be paid for the com-
pletion of the vessel was ascertained. It was
about five hundred and eighty-six thousand dol-
lars by the contract, and he gave a mortgage for
itsfaithful performance. By the contract, $500,000
was to be paid him, and then the balance was to
be paid if it was found that he could build her
with the additional $86,000; if not, it was to be
withheld. Ho spent the $500,000 in this way,
taking his profits out of it. At the end of that
time, it was found that the $86,000 would not be-
gin to finish her, and, of course, it was not paid
over; but $500,000 was spent on the imperfect,
unfinished concern that he had there upon the
stocks. That was the condition of it when the
: money was all spent for which, within $86,000,
he had contracted to build the vessel, and deliver
her to Congress in two years. It the mean time
the work has been kept up for about eighteen
years after the time when, according to the con-
tract, she was to be finished, and the money was
spent in the way I speak of. That is the history
of the transaction.
Much has been said about his genius, his work,
&c. Why, sir, in the process of the work on this
vessel, the thing was changed over and over again.
He retained the power in the contract to make
changes to suit himself, only he was not to lessen
the size. In process of time, he increased the
length of the, vessel nearly double, and made sev-
1 era! other changes, and left it all unfinished. He
| came here last year to finish it upon a certain plan
, which is certain and sure, gentlemen tell us, to be
[ the result of great genius, and to effect a great
; work. He obtained this appointment of a com-
| mission to examine it. The commission say that
the plan will not do. He substantially admits
it, and now comes herewith another, and, upon
; his mere word, with no proof, asks us to adopt
the other. That is the state of the experiment;
i and what is the amount of money that he asks?
' He says he has expended two hundred and thirty
or two hundred and forty thousand dollars out of
1 his own poeket upon it. This amendment takes
i that for granted, it takes theamountof $554,000,
;i which the commission say is necessary to com-
!' plete her, and the two hundred and thirty or two
■ hundred and forty thousand dollars, whatever it
j may be, in addition, without an investigation of
|! accounts, withoutanything in the world excepthis
ji bare say-so that he has spent the sum of between
jj two and three hundred thousand dollars, as the
• j gross sum to be paid for the completion of this
;■ experiment, whenever delivered.
jj Mr. THOMSON. Will the Senator allow me
1! a moment? ♦
j" Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
,! Mr. THOMSON. I believe the accounts were
i audited by a post captain in the Navy, who was
i selected by the Secretary of the Navy to supenn-
j tend the construction, and not one dollar was paid
Ji except m that way.
