1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was so with respect
to the $500,000; bat the other amount he spent on
his own hook. That has never been audited and
never had a right to be audited. He had no claim
on anybody, or anybody on him for that. We
have it on his mere say-so; it is his mere state-
ment.
Now, sir, we are to pay this sum for this man's
genius, or the genius of the family; for the genius
that begun it is dead, but it is supposed to run
through all the brothers, cousins, and nephews,
I suppose; and if this man dies another of the
family is to take it on the ground that the genius
is there. The genius changes its operation and
direction from month to month and year to year
and still exists, and Congress is to vote $750,000
on account of the genius of the family thus exhib-
ited which has been twenty years in growing and
eternally changing. Sir, I have quite as much
respect for what my friend from New Hampshire
calls learned pundits, that is, men who have spent
their lives in the investigation of particular things
and assume to know something about them, as I
have for this kind of exhibition of genius.
I do not pretend to know anything about this
matter. I do not know anything about it. I am
no mechanic, and I cannot judge of it one way or
the other, and have nothing to say about it in that
particular of my own opinion. I will not even
give an opinion, as my friend from New Hamp-
shire does, and say on the whole, from the best
consideration I can give it, it is either good or bad.
But, sir, I want to call the attention of the Senate
to these facts that I have stated: the mode in which
it was begun, the mode in which it has gone on,
the way in which the money has been expended,
the time that has elapsed, and everything with
reference to it. Then 1 want to call their attention
again to the fact, that at the request of Mr. Stevens
himself we appointed a commission, of which lie
did not complain at all, of men capable of forming
an opinion on this subject by which we intended
to be bound. They come here and tell us in their
report, that although this vessel has very good
points about it, which, if successful, will be of
great benefit, it has clearly such bad ones that they
cannot recommend it; and those bad ones nobody
except Mr. Stevens pretends can be avoided. He
says he can avoid them, but what has ho and his
brother been telling us from the beginning ? I ask
gentlemen, have we had any such experience, any
such valuable results, from what these gentlemen
have been telling us for the last twenty yeuisthat
we can take it upon their bare say-so against the
testimony of witnesses we have selected—the men
who know,or whooughtto know—and who come
to Congress and tell us what the result of this
thing will be? And yet the Senate, in the face of
the report of their own commission, in the face of
all this expenditure, in the face of all this uncer-
tainty, are called upon to put three quarters of a
million into Mr. Stevens's hands for the purpose
of finishing what, after all, no man can undertake
to say will be of any benefit whatever. My friend
from Ohio himself, in addition to his other posi-
tions, says he is willing to make the experiment,
although he sees one fatal defect himself with re-
gard to the guns, and does not see how thai defect
is to be remedied. Alll have to say is that men
reason differently. One man comes to a different
conclusion on the same premises from another;
but with regard to myself, watching a little the
expenditure of public money here, I cannot un-
derstand how I can be justified in wasting or risk-
ing, if you please, three quarters of a million upon
an experiment like this, which thus far has been
so miserably conducted, and m support of which
we have nothing but the word of Mr. Stevens
against the results of inquiry and against experi-
ments.
Mr. President, I do not know but I should be
willing to do this with reference to it. Genius will
effect everything, and Mr. Stevens says he is sure
he can conquer all these difficulties. Mr. Stevens \
is a man of great wealth; the family is known to
be a family of great wealth; they can command
any amount of money. Let him finish it, if he
sees fit. I will-agree to contract with him then,
if he will finish this vessel, and deliver it to us,
and she is what he says she will be, and is proved
to be so, that we will pay him; but he shall do it
at his own risk. After keeping the Government
waiting twenty years, after these repeated failures
and repeated changes m his own mmd, ought he
ask us to take the risk upon ourselves, and ex-
pend this large amount of money for his benefit?
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend from Maine
allow me to inquire what is the date of the con-
tract to which he refers ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The date of the first con-
tract is February, 1842. The next one was made
I think in September, 1843; and from that time to
the present day it has gone on on mere extension
of time.
Mr. HOWARD. Are the materials, the work
which he now has on hand, and the vessel he has
on the stocks covered by that same contract ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; the vessel is on
stocks in that unfinished condition.
Mr. HOWARD. Covered by that contract?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; he gave a mort-
gage of his property to secure the performance of
hislast contract in two years from September, 1842.
Mr. HOWARD. A mortgage on what?
Mr. FESSENDEN. On all his property in
Hoboken, New Jersey.
Mr. THOMSON. His real estate there?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whether it is enough to
cover it or not, I tlo not know. He says he has
expended from two to three hundred thousand
dollars since upon it. I dare say he has. 1 am not
disputing his word about that. I presume he is a
gentleman of truth and veracity. But we are deal-
ing with him on this subject as contractors. I do
not wish to be hard upon him. I do not know
but I would consent to give up the mortgage and
let him deliver up what he has done to us if he
wants to have his property relieved. What I
complain of is, that in the face of all these facts,
after lie has thus baffled Congress and the country
for years and years in relation to this matter, and
after he has had a commission of competent men,
whose competency lie did not dispute, to examine
the vessel, and those men come in and toll us this
money cannot be safely expended, he should have
the impertinence—for I do not look at it as any-
thing else—to come in here and ask us to make an
appropriation to pay for it absolutely and take the [
risk upon ourselves. I have said that I know
nothing about this matter, I mean about the me-
chanical work, that 1 do not pretend to know any-
thing about it; but I take precisely what gentle-
men have said here, and there is not one of the
gentlemen who lmve argued this matter who has
not shown that there were difficulties in his own
mind that he had not been able to overcome which
were not explained, and he was notable to say
they were explainable. And yet, sir, Senators
are willing in the face of all these facts to expend,
I think, between eight and nine hundred thou-
sand dollars. 1 do not remember the exact amount.
Mr. THOMSON. Between seven and eight
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Between seven and eight
hundred thousand dollars additional upon the
completion of this work. The argument of my
friend from Ohio is this: it is an experiment, and
we must try all these experiments. Is it neces-
sary that we should try experiments on such a
very large scale? As my friend from Iowa re-
marked, the experiment has been tried with regard
to the Monitor, and it was tried upon a small j
scale. I suppose that even I, ignorant as I am, I
may venture to say that, keeping the proportions, I
what is true on a small scale would be true to a ]
certain extent on a large one, and to that extent
we have the results of absolute experiment. 1
But it is urged that we are in danger. Why,
sir, lias not the Government done already as much
as could be done to get the country out of danger
from this source? Look and see what we have
got._ We appiopriated §1,500,000 at the extra
session for the construction of iron-clad vessels.
We have three vessels—two of them complete,
and the other almost completed. We appropri-
ated $10,000,000 at the beginning of this session
for the same object, and in four or five months we
shall have six or seven more iron vessels, sooner
than this vessel can be completed, and built on
models that we know something of, and which
have been successful. I undertake to say that I
when we have those finished, they will be good
against any navy in the world that can be sent !
here, without Stevens's battery. No force of iron- \
clad vessels can be sent across the Atlantic that I
could beat it, because these vessels are not made I
to cross the Atlantic. Iron vessels are for home j
defense. They are not made to navigate the j
ocean; that is to say, on these very long voyages.
They cannot, as everybody says, carry coal
enough without having tenders alongside of them
to supply them. We are, therefore, in no danger
of attack from iron vessels abroad.
Can the confederates do anything with us ? We
shall have at least ten iron vessels in the course of
a few months finished. Is it necessary for us, to
quiet the fears of the country, to throw this three
quarters of a millions of dollars more on this ves-
sel, which thus far has failed and has not given the
least prospect of success? Gentlemen must be more
careless, or at least more indifferent as to where our
money goes than would seem to be reasonable at
this time if they agree to any such thing. I con-
fess I was so frightened, like a great many other
people, on the day that the Merrimac attempted to
get out that I could not eat my dinner; but since
she did not get out then, but was driven back, and
considering how much force we shall have in a
short time ready for her and ready for any vessels
built by them, my mind has settled down into a
comparatively quiet state on the subject. I have no
doubt of our power to protect our vessels; at any
rate I have not so much anxiety that lam willing to
take a vessel which has been already twenty years
in building and finish hei by paying this immense-
ly largesum of money, even although four months
more will complete this experiment which has
changed more times than you can readily count
since it commenced. However, I do not feel dis-
posed to enlarge on this subject further. IfSen-
atois think it is wise to spend our money in that
way, so be it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I have de-
layed taking part in this debate, and I am almost
afraid now to participate in it; but, as a Senator
from New Jersey, I can hardly consent to be silent
lifter hearing the exception which has been taken
to one of the commissioners who signed the mi-
nority report on the ground that he was at one
time a professor in a collcge in the State of New
Jersey. I do not know how far the fact of his
having held a distinguished professorship in Nas-
sau Hall will destroy his reputation for skill,
genius, scientific attainments, and every other
adornment which sheds luster upon the human
mind. It may be that the fact of his former res-
idence there has so warped his judgment that he
could not give a correct opinion with respect to
the merits of a vessel whose keel was laid in the
waters of New Jersey. I have to regret also that
this discussion has taken place this morning. I
had not the slightest idea that the matter of the
Stevens battery would come up upon this bill;
and although I had designed, when the measure
should come before the Senate, to submit some
views upon the subject, I had not putmy thoughts
in shape, or made any preparation whatever.
Still, sir, as the opposition to this appropriation
seems to be pressed, and as it seems there is a
pretty strong hostility to the measure, I must
meet the occasion, so far as I may, and submit
the views I have in accordance mainly with my
recollection of the facts as they were disclosed at
the time when the former discussion took place
here last summer.
It may not be amiss, as the Senator from Maine
has referred to the history of this transaction, that
I for a few moments also give a glance at the ori-
gin of the construction of this vessel. It is true
that the original agreement was made a longtime
since, and that a vessel not to exceed two hun-
dred and fifty feet in length, and of certain other
dimensions in breadth, specified in the first con-
tract, was to be built for a certain sum of money,
not to exceed the average amount of the cost of
two vessels, the Mississippi and the Missouri,
which were then m process of construction, and
the cost of which, as it has since been discovered,
amounted to over four hundred and fifly thousand
dollars each. That was the mean or average
amount of the cost of those vessels. But, sir, that
contract has from time to time been varied. Two
years afterwards a new contract, was entered into,
extending the time considerably and entering into
minutiEB and details, specifying the particular
mode and way, in a great variety of respects, in
which this vessel was to be constructed. Origin-
ally the maul plan was that a vessel of a certain
size was to be constructed m a certain way, to be
coveied with a certain description of iron, to repel
certain balls then in use and known to naval
warfare. From time to time, as improvements
