23(30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
went to those in hostility thereto: Provided, *1 hat the same
"be not done by an embassador, minister resident, envoy ex-
traordinary* Qonsui. commercial agent, or other person ac-
credited td tftls Government by a foreign Power, or who,
being a clffftfrdir the United States, shall shout, halloo,
huzza, appJautf, or in any other manner manifest approval
of anv pretended government, power, authority, oigamza-
tion, combination, or person in hostility to the Government
of the United States, with a view and for the purpose of
testifying and expressing hostility, or hatred, or opposition
to the Government of the United States, or for giving en-
couragement to those in hostility therteo, or who shall,
under the pretense of public worship and prayer to Almighty
God, or by writing Or otherwise, openly and notoriously
denounce the Army and Navy of the United States when
engaged in the service of the country against foreign ene-
mies or acamst domestic sedition and rebellion, ov shall in-
voke defeat upon the same, or shall exult, or visibly or
audibly testify delight, joy, or gratification at their defeat,
shall be guilty of a high misdemeanor, and on conviction
■shaH suffer fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the
court; yet a fine not less than 00, and imprisonment not
less than fiftv days.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That in all cases spe-
cified in this act, the parries offending may be arraigned and
brought to trial upon the presentment or the indictment ot
a grand jury in any of the circuit or district court? within
the judicial district in which the crime shall he alleged to
have been committed ; and the more effectually to secure
the arrest of the accused, a wiit of capiat may issue to any,
or simultaneously to ah, or to several of the marshals of
the different districts of the United States; ami it shall be
the duty of the President, when requested by any marshal,
to furnish hnn with such military form; as a posse comitates,
as shall enable him, with reasonable diligence, promptly
and safely to execute the said writ. And to collect such
fines as may be imposed, it s>liali be lawful to direct writs
of fieri facias lo any marshalin any part oftho UnitedStates.
"Sec, 5. And be it fuither enacted, That hereafter every
person electcd or appointed to any office ofhonor or profit
under the Government of the United States, either in the
civil, military, or naval departments of the public service,
shall, before entering upon the duties of such office, and
before being entitled to any of the saloiy or other emolu-
ments thereof, take and suh;ctibe the following oath or af-
firmation : "1, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
liavc never borne arms against tho Government of the
United States since I have been acitivicu thucof; that 1
have given no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement
to persons engaged in aimed ho.miily thereto •, that 1 have
neither sought nor accepted nor attempted to exeicise the
functions ol'any office whatever undoi any authority or pie-
tended authority in hostility to the Government of the
United Stares; that I have neither renounced my allegiance
to the Government of the United State*8, nor yielded «i vol-
untary Mipport to any protended government, authority,
powei, oi constitution in hostility theieto. And I do fur-
ther swear (or afihm) that to the lien oi my knowledge and
ability i will support and defend (he Constitution and Gov-
ernment of the United State.-, and all laws made in pur-u-
iincc theieof, against all enemies foreign and domestic;
that 1 will bear true faith and allegiance to the same ; that
I take thh obligation freely, without any mental ie«*eiva-
fion or ptitpose of evasion, and that 1 Hill well and faith-
fully discharge the duties of the office on winch i am about
to enter; so help me Godwhich ••aid oath, so taken and
signed, shall be preserved among t hefi)o< of the com t, House
of Congress,-or Department to which the said office may ap-
pertain. And any person who shah falsely take the said
oath shall he guilty of pcrjuiy, and on conviction, m addi-
tion to the penalties now prescribed for that nftVnse, shall bo
deprived of his otliee and rendered incapable foiever aftei
of holding any office or place under the United State.*.
Skc. 6. And be it further ciiactcd, That every citizen of
the United States,beloie he shall l>e allowed to commence
n suit in any couit thereof, and before he shall be allowed
to piactico as attorney or solicitor, oi serve as a jntor there-
in, and before he shall receive a passpmt to navel ahioad,
and before he shall receive an v money by way of pennon,
bounty- or gratuity from the Treasury, and beiore he. shall
receive a patent foi any invention, oi dts< overv, or for any
public land, and before he Miail receive any co'ntiaet mthe
po-tal, military, or naval M-iviee, and before he shall he
employed in any navy-vard, dock-yard, arsenal, mint, sur-
vey, or any other public work of the United States, shall
take, or shall have taken, and whenever required to do so
bv any Judge, commissioner, or executive officer of the
United States, shall take and subscribe the following oath
or aflh marion : " I, A B,do solemnly «wear (or affirm) that
i will support and defend the Constitution and Government
of the United States against nil enemies, whethei foreign
or domestic, that I will true faith and allegiance hear to
the panic ; that I assume this obligation hecly, without men-
tal reservation or purpose or evasion, and with a determin-
ation to obscive it, so help me God."'
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That tho President lie,
and he is hereby, empoweied, wheiu-vei, in ins opinion,
the public safety may justify it and the public clemency
requires it, to giant an amnesty to any or to all offenders
within the pio\x-*ious of this act, except only such a«, hav-
ing held office of honor or profit under the Government of
the United States, have at anytime engaged m rebellion
against its authority, and while so engaged have borne any
office, civil, militaiy, or naval,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
find nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and U was dccideri in
the negative—yeas 9, nays 140; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Jacob 13. Blair, Clements, Lhven, Fisher,
Harrison, Ilorton, Lazear, Maynard, and Mitchell—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldneh, Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley. .Babbitt, Daily, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Diddle.
Francis. P. Blair, Samuel s$. Blair, Blake, Geoi^o FK
Biowne, William G. Broun, Uuffinton.Caiveit. Campbell,
Chamberim, Clark, Cobb, Colfa.v, Fiedeuck A'. Coiikltug
Roscoe Conkling, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crisficld, Crit-
tenden, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Duniap,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton,
Fessenden, Frank. Gooch,Goodwin, Granger,Glider, Gur-
ley, Haight, Hall,'Hancbctt, Harding, Hickman; Holman,
Hooper, Hutching Johnson, Julian, Kellcy, Francis W.
Kellogg. W,i)imm Kello«g, Kerrigan, Killmgcr, Knapp,
Lansing, Law, Leary, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mc-
Knight^ MePherson, Mahory, Menzies, Anson P. Morrill,
Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen,
Olin, Patton, Pendleton, Perry, John S. Phelps, Timothy
G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Price, Alexander
II. Itice, John H. Rice, Richardson, Riddle. Robinson, Ed-
ward 11. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgsviclt,
Scgar, Shanks, ShieJ, Sloan, Smith, Spaulding, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Trimble, Tiowbridgc,
Vallandigliam, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Verrec,
Vooihees, Wadsworth, Wall, Wallacc, E. P. Walton,
Ward, Washbunie, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Albeit S.
White, Wickhffe, Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodruff,
and Worcester—140.
So the substitute was rejected.
The question then recurred on the substitute of
Mr. Morrill,-of Vermont, as follows:
Strike out all alter the enacting clau-se and insert the fol-
lowing ;
That all the estate and property, money, stocks, credits,
and effects of the persons hereafter named m this section,
arehereby forfeited to the Government of the United States,
and are declaied lawful subjects of seizure and of ptize and
capture wherever found, for the indemnity of the United
States against the expenses of suppressing the piesent le-
Ueilion—that is to say: First. Oi any peison hereafter act-
ing as an officer of the army or navy of the rebels in arms
against the Government of the United States. Secondly. Of
any person heieafter acting as president, vice president,
member of congress, judge of any court, cabinet officer, for-
eign minister, commi-sionei, or consul of the so-called
conledeiate States of America. Thirdly. Of any peison act-
ing as governor of a State, member of a convention or legis-
lature, or judge of any couit of the so-called confederate
States of America. Fourthly. Of any peison who having
held an office ofhonor, tiu^t, or ptofit in the United States,
shall herealtci hold an office m tho so-called confederate
Statesof America. Fifthly. Of any peison hereafter holding
any oflice or agency under the government of the so-called
conledeiate States of Ainenca, or under any of the several
Statesof the said confedoiaev,orthe laws thereof, whether
such office or agency be national, State, or municipal in its
name or character. And the said estate and property and
moneys, stocks, credits, and effects ot the persons afoiesaid,
are betehy declared lawiul subject-* of mmauic and of pnxe
andeaptuie whcievei found ; and the Pi evident of the Uni-
ted States shall cause the same to be seized, to the end that
they may be confiscated and condemned, as hereinafter pro-
vided, to the u*e of the United Statc.s ; and nil f-ales, trans-
fers, or conveyances of any such pi opei tv after the parage
of tins act shall bciiuil and*void ; and it shall beasuftieient
bai to any suit brought by such pei*on fin the po-*-*ession
or the use ot such propeitv. or any of it, to allege and prove
that he is one of the persons described in this section.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That to secure pos-
sesion, condemnation, and sale of any of r-uch piopeity,
situate and being in any State, district or Temtoiy of the
United States, ptoeeedings in icm shall be instituted in the
name of the United States in any distuet court of the United
States, or in tiny teuitorial court, ot in the United States
district coim lor the Distuet of Columbia, within which
the property above described, or any pait thereof, may be
found, or into which the same, if movable, may be fust
brought, which proceedings shall conform a  nearly as may
be to proceedings in prize cases, or to eases ot forfeiture
aiising nndet the levenue laws; ami the said piopcrty so
seized and condemned, whether ical or personal, -drall be
sold under the decree ot the com t having cognizance of the
case, and the ptoceeds deposited in the Tieasuiy of the
United States ('or their use and benefit.
Sko. 3. Jlnd he it farther enacted. That the several courts
afoiesaid shall have power to make such oulcis, establish
such loims of decice and sale, and direct such deeds and
conveyances to be executed and delivered by the niaishals
theieof where real estate shall be the subject of sale, as
shall fitly and efficiently cftect the pui poses of this act, and
vest in the pin chafer* of such propel ty good and valid title-*
thereto. And the said coiuts shall have power to allow
such fees and ehmges of their officois as shall be reason-
able and piopet in the ptcinises.
Sec. -1. Jiml he it further enacted, That the pioperty seized
as aforesaid shall be u^ed, occupied, rented,or held,under
the direction ot the Secietary of the Trcasuty, until judi-
cial proceeding-; shall bo had a-> heiein piovidcd, when pio-
ccedmgs in ? cm shall be instituted and prosecuted to judg-
ment and sale in the mode atoie<aid, and the pioeeed's
applied as afoiesnul: I3rot-ulcd} That peiishable articles
seized under this act shall he n«.ed or sold, pursuant to -.uch
rule/* as may he pieseiibed by the Secietary of the Tieas-
ury. and the proceeds applied as above provided.
Si-,c. o, And he it fuithcr enactcd, Tiiat the seveial dis-
trict eouits of the United States shall have power to do
eveiythmg necessary or ptopet to carry this act into full
effect. And the Attorney Geneial, or any district attorney
of the United States, or of any district m which the ^.vid
property may at the time be, or into which the same may
be taken, shall institute the proceedings afoiesaid.
Si£c. 6. And, he it further cnactcd, That when any court
i! shall order any propeity to be sold undoi this act, an order
I j shrill be passed and published in such papers and for such
[j tune, not exceeding six months, as the court may think
,j reasonable, lequning all persons having claims against or
'J liens on any of tiie propeity oidered to be sold, or being
jj creditors of the per-on to whom the pioperty belonged, to
|! appear and produce and piovo the claims, h< n^, <u debt-*
aforc-aiu by a day eeitain ; and thereupon the comt shall
j | adjust and -ettie "and allow Mich claim-, hens, oi debt-* ns
ii may be legally- ptovrd, and deciee rh" pajment and settle-
II nient theieof out of the pioeccd*; of tiic piopeity cold, ac-
cording to the forms and principles applicable to a credit-
or's suit in equity, and the residue of the proceeds only
shall be paid into the Treasuiy of the United States.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every person
guilty of the acts described in the first section, and com-
puted within atiy of the five classes of persons therein men-
tioned and enumerated, shall, m addition to the forfeitures
hereinbefore declared, be incapable of voting for electors for
President or Vice Presidentof the United States, and shall
be incapable of being an elector of President or Vice Pres-
ident ot the United States, and shall be disqualified from
holding the office of President or Vice President of the
United States, or of holding any office of profit or trust
under the appointment of the President of the United States
of America.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 25, nays 122; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Baxter, Jacob B. Blair, Koscoe Conk-
ling, Oivcn, Dunn, Fbhcr,Goodwin, Ilaight, William Kel-
logg, Kilhnger, McKnight, McPheison, Maynard, Mitchell,
MoorJiead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Timothy G. Phelps,
Portei, Sheffield, Stratton, Trimble, E. P. Walton, and
Woiccstcr—
NAYS—Messrs. Aldneh, Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley, Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Beaman, Buldle, Francis
P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George H. Browne, Buf-
finton, Calvert. Campbell, Chamberlin, Clark, Clements,
Cobb, Colfax, Fredenck A. Conkling, Coining, Cox, Cra-
vens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duel!, Dunlnp, Edgerton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, English,
Fenton, Fessenden, Frank, Gooch, Gianger, Glider, Gur-
ley, Hall,Hanehett, Harding, Harrison, Hickman, Holman,
Ilooper, Horton, Hutchms, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Kemgau, Knapp, Lansing, Imw, Lazear,
Lcaty, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory, Menzies, An-
 on P. Morrill, Noble, Noell, Nugen, Odeil, Olin, Pendle-
ton, Perry, John S. Phelps, Pike, Pomcioy, Potter, Puce,
Alexander II. Rice, John Tl. Rice, RichauUon, Riddle, Rob-
inson, Edward H. jioilins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Segar, Shanks, Shiel. Sloan,Smith, Spaulding, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tiain, Trowbridge, "Vallandig-
liam, Van Valkenburgh, Verrec, VVadsworth, Wall, Wal-
lace, Ward, Webstei ."Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. White,
Wickliffe, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodiuff—122.
So the substitute was rejected.
The question then recurred on the passage of
House hill No. 471, as amended, as follows:
Ue it enacted by tho Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmeiicatn Congress assembled, That
all the e-state and pioperty, nionej, stocks, credits, and
cffccts of the pei^ons heieafter named in this section are
hereby toileited to the Government ot the United States,
and aie declaied lawful subjects of seizure and of prize and
capune, wherevn found, for the indemnity of the United
State- aaam-^t the cxpen-esof suppressing the piesent re-
bellion ; "that is to &av: First. Of any person heieafter act-
ing a- an oflicer of the armv or navy of the lebeis m aims
against the Government of'the United States. Secondly.
Of any person heieattei acting as pi esideut, vice-president,
member of congress, judge of any court, cabinet officer,
foreign minister, commissioner, or consul of the so-called
confederate States of America. Thirdly. Of any person
acting as Governor of a State, member of a convention or
Legislature, oi ]udge of any court of the so-called confed-
erate States of "Amenca. Fourthly. Of any person, who
having held an office ofhonor, tru«t, or profit in the United
State-, shall hereafter hold an offrce in the so-cailcd con-
federate States of Amenca. Fifthly. Of any peison here-
after holding any office or agency under the government of
the so-called confederate States ot Ameiica, or under any
of the seveial States of the said confederacy, oi the laws
thereof, whether such oflice or agency be national, State,
or municipal in its name or character: Provided, The per-
sons thndly and fifthly, above described, shall have accepted
their appointment* or election since the date of the pre-
tended ordinance of secession of the State, or shall have
taken an oath of allegiance to the so-called confederate
State*. Sixthly. Ot any persons who, owning propeity in
any loyal Siatr or Territory of the United States, or in the
Di-trict of Columbia, shall heieafter assist and give aid and
comloit to such rebellion. And the said estate and prop-
erty and moneys, stock-?, credits, and effects of the persons
afoiesaid aie hereby declared lawful subjects of seizure and
of prize and capture wherever found; and the President of
the United States shall cause the same to be seized, to the
end that they may be confiscated and condemned, as hcre-
maftei provided, to the use of the United States; and ail
sales, tiaiH'ers oi conveyances of any such pioperty shall
be null and void ; and it shall be a sufficient bar to any suit
brought by such peison fot the possession or the use of suoh
pioperty, or any of if, to allege and prove that ho irf one of
tiie persons described m this section.
Sec. 2. And he it fuithcr cnaeted, That if any person
within any State or Terutoiy of the United States, other
than tho^-e named as aforesaid, aftei the passage of tins act,
being engaged m armed rebellion against the Government
of the Umtfd State.-*, or aiding or dbetting such icbeliion,
shall not, within sivry days afrei public warning and proc-
lamation dnlvgiven and made by thePiesidentofthe Uni-
ted .States, eea-e to aid, countenancc,and abet such rebel-
lion, and return to hi-? allegiance to the United States, all
tin.' estate and property, moneys, stocks, and ci edits of such
persons arc heieby forfeited theicatteiwaids to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and the same aie declared law-
ful subjects of -iei/ure and of pnzo and capture wherever
louml; and the Pie-ident of tho United States shall cause
the same to be seized to the end that they may be confis-
cated and condemned, as hereinafter provided, to the use of
tho United States ; and all sales, transfer?, orconveyances,
of any such piopertv after the expiration of the said sixty
dajs fiom the dateoi'such warning and proclamation shall
