1862.
THE CONGRESSIONA L GLOBE.
3321
ings of the field officer, shall order the same to be
executed; but the punishment in such cases is to
be limited to that authorized to be inflicted by a
regimental or garrison court-martial; and in the
event of there being no brigade commander, the
proceedings are to be submitted for approval to
the commanding officer of the post. All officers
who have been mustered into the service of the
United States as;*battalion adjutants and quarter-
masters of cavalry under the orders of the War
Department, exceeding the number authorized by
law, are to be paid as such for the time they were
actually employed in the service of the United
States, and all such officers now in service, ex-
ceeding this number, are to be immediately mus-
tered out of the service of the Unitea States.
The bill also provides that the President may
establish and organize army corps according to
his discretion. Each army corps is to have the
following officers attached thereto, to constitute
the staff of the eommandcr thereof: one assistant
adjutant general, one quartermaster, one commis-
sary of subsistence, and one assistant inspector
general, to bear, respectively, the rank of lieuten-
ant colonel, and to be assigned from the Army or
volunteer force by the President; also, three aids-
de-camp, one to bear the rank of major, and two
to bear the rank of Captain, to be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, upon the recommendation of the
commander of the army corps. The senior offi-
cer of artillery in each army corps is, in addition
to his other duties, to act as chief of artillery and
ordnance at the headquarters of the corps. The
cavalry forces in the service of the United States
are hereafter to be organized as follows: each regi-
ment of cavalry is to have one colonel, one lieu-
tenant colonel, three majors, one surgeon, one
assistant surgeon, one regimental adjutant, one
regimental quartermaster, one regimental com-
missary, one sergeant major, one quartermaster
sergeant, one commissary sergeant, two hospital
stewards, one saddler sergeant, one chief trump-
eter, and one chief farrier or blacksmith; and each
regiment is to consist of twelve companies or
troops, and each company or troop is to have one
captain ,onefirst.lieutenant, one second lieutenant,
and one supernumerary second lieutenant, one
first sergeant, one quartermaster sergeant, one
commissary sergeant, five sergeants, eight corpo-
rals, two teamsters, two farriers or blacksmiths,
one saddler, one wagoner, and seventy-eight pri-
vates; the regimental adjutants, the regimental
quartermasters, and regimental commissaries to
be taken from their respective regiments, but va-
cancies caused by this organization are not to be
considered as original, and are to be filled by reg-
ular promotion. The bill also proposes to author-
ize the President to receive into the service of the
United States, for the purpose of constructing in-
trenchments, or performing camp service, or any
other labor or any military or naval service for
which they may be found competent, persons of
African descent, and such persons are to be en-
rolled and organized under such regulations, not
inconsistent with the Constitution and laws, as
the President, may prescribe; and are to be fed
and clothed and paid such compensation for their
services as ,they may agree to leceive when en-
rolled. When any man or boy of African de-
scent shall render any such service he, his mother,
and his wife and children, are forever thereafter
to be free, any law, usage, or custom to the con-
trary notwithstanding. All persons who have
been, or shall be heieafter enrolled in the service
of the United States under the act, arc to rcccivc .
the pay and rations now allowed by law to sol-
diers, according to their respective grades, except
that persons of African descent, who shall be em-
ployed, who are to receive ten dollars per month
and one ration. An appropriation of $10,000,000
is made to carry the act into effect.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I wish to
make one or two slight amendments. On the third
page of the printed bill, in the fouith line of the
fourth section, I move to strike out the word
f< they," and in the same section, lino eleven, to
strike out the word <( said" before " enlistment."
They are verbal amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theseamend-
mants will be made unless there be objection.
The Chair hears no objection. The Clerk will
make the necessary corrections.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, in the sev-
enth section, second line, I move to strike out the
words "adjudged to he punished," and insert,
"charged with offenses now punishable."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, unless there be objection.
Mr. SHERMAN.. In section twelve, I move to
strike out the last three lines; they are inconsist-
ent with the last clause of section fifteen.
Mr. KING. Not the entire three lines, but
after the word et prescribe."
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. KING. I rose to make that motion, to
conform it to the other section, and to append as
part of this section the fifteenth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
proposed to be stricken out in section twelve are:
And they shall be fed and clothed, and paid such com-
pensation for their services as they may agree to receive
when enrolled.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move to add to the pro-
viso at the end of the fifteenth section the words,
" three dollars of which monthly pay may be m
clothing." ,
Mr. KING. I concur in that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I desire that the word " first," in
section thiiteen, line three, be changcd to the word
<c twelfth." These are two bills added together,
by which the first section of one becomes the
twelfth section of the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
correction will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire whether the
order that was made the other day to have a re-
cess from five o'clock until seven extended beyond
that day or not. If it did not, I make the motion
applicable to to-day and to-morrow. I move that
hereafter the Senate take a recess from five to
seven o'clock during the present session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
objected to? The Senator from Iowa moves that
to-day and to-morrow the Senate take a recess
from five o'clock m the afternoon until seven. If
there be no objection, it will be considered the
sense of the Senate, and that order will be en-
tered.
Mr. KING. Now, I desire to change the four-
teenth section, which makes an appropriation of
$10,000,000 to carry this act into effect, to the fol-
lowing words:
That the expenses incurred to tarry this act into effect,
shall be paid oat of the general appropriations for tfte Army
and volunteers.
The reason for this is, that it is suggested that
it will increase the difficulty of passing the bill to
make a distinct and specific appropriation. The
Senate is aware that this bill is one which has
been made up from two or three previous bills,
which has made this amendment necessaiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment to come
in at the end of the first section. I believe that
my colleague, the chairman of the committee, will
give his assent to it, and I should like to have the
attention of the Senate to it, for it ielates to an
important point:
Provided, That all rnhsfments hereafter made, shall ho
credited to the cities, towns,or municipalities icj-pectivelv,
in which the same shall be made, and be deducted fioiu
any future draft in pursuance of tins act.
Mr. GRIMES. If I understand that amend-
ment, the pioposition is this: that where anybody
hereafter volunteers in one State, although he may
be a resident of another State, he shall be credited
to the State in which he volunteers; and therefore
that State in which he volunteers shall not be com-
pelled to present so many men for conscription as
it otherwise would.
Mr. SUMNER. Notpreciselyso. Letmetake
a case. In Massachusetts at this moment different
cities, towns, and municipalities are supplying a
certain quota of troops. Now suppose a draft,
which is a compulsory proceeding, should take
place next week or nextmonth, immediately after
this supply by these different towns, cities, and
municipalities. The question arises, shall they
not be credited with the troops which they have
already contributed ? The object of my proposi-
tion is to provide that they shall be, and that they |
shall bo deducted from any future draft. >
Mr, GRIMES. From that town. ,
Mr. SUMNER. Fiotn that town. i
Mr. GRIMES; The result of which is, that in
a town which is overflowing with riches or with
rich men, there will be such a bounty, such an
inducement to enlistment, that young men will
come in from the agricultural and rural districts
and volunteerfrom that town, and you will throw
a burden on the rural districts that they cannot
bear. ■ '
Mr. SUMNER. I think that is an imaginary
danger.
Mr. GRIMES. That isccrtainly so. You will
never get along with it in the world.
Mr. SUMNER. At this very moment there
seems to be a hardship in Massachusetts,arising
out of the very case that I have stated. Different'
cities are contributing their men; and when they
make the contribution they ask the question, sup-
pose we have a draft next week, shall we then be
supplied under that draft? My object is to put
the present supply into an account, so that these
different cities and towns and municipalities shall
be accredited.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think gentlemen are a
little at cross purposes here. The proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts, as I understand
it, relates to men who are enlisting in the regular
service; that they shall be counted, if they come
from a town, in the proportion from th*t-teA*m.
Am I right, that this proposition relates to enlist-
ments into the regular service ?
Mr. SUMNER. Enlistments, whether in the
regular or volunteer service.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe in my State they
keep the account of each town, and they keep the
account of the volunteers, though they may have
volunteered, say in the town of Burlington, but
their residence was in the county town of Wil-
liston, six miles off, they are counted from Wil-
liston, where their residence was at the time they
volunteered.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the Senator from
Vermont, cannot this be done by State law?
Mr. COLLAMER. Undoubtedly; and it al-
ways is done by State law.
Mr. HALE. Then I think the amendment had
better be voted down.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the whole matter
can be regulated by State law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment?
Mr. HARRIS. I do not think this amend-
ment right at all.
Mr. HALE and others. We are going to vote
it down.
Mr. HARRIS. It is said all around me that
they will vote it down.and I will not fake up time.
Mr. SUMNER. Why will it not answer?
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will per-
mit me a moment, I will tell him. They set up
one, or perhaps two or three, recruiting stations
for volunteers in a county. The young men from
all that county come to this place or these places
and volunteer. The Senator's amendment is that
they shall be counted to the benefit of the town or
towns in which they volunteer, and not whoie
thev reside. I do not think thot fair.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
my colleague wanted to reach this case; in some
of theStates,townshipsarcrnakingaspecial effort
to comply with the request of the President for
troops. They suppose they can laise nearly all
the men they are called upon to raise by volun-
teering. Other portions of the country do not.
Then there is a draft; the militia are called out;
and those people who have perhaps paid great
bounty, made a special effort to get out their men,
and have got all their fair proportion, are to be
drafted in addition to theirproportion. The idea
was to credit that to the State.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is right to crcdit it
to the State.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggestthat
it might be altered by striking out " cities, towns,
and municipalities*" and inserting "Status." I
think that is fair.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Allow mo to look
at it first, however, that I may sec how it will then
stand.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. While my
colleague is looking at that question, I wish to call
the attention of the Senator from Vermont to the
second section of this hill. I understood him to
say that he thought it would not do. I am not
strenuous about retaining it m the bill. Bv the
