1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 54; as follows :
YEAS Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Ancona, Ashley, Joseph
Baily, Baker, Baxter, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair,
Burnham, Colfax, Roscoe 'C'onkling, Conway, Cooper,
Cravens, Crisfield, Cutler, Delano, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn,
Edwaids, English, Fessenden, Frank, Goodwin, Granger,
Glider, Haiglit, Hale, Hancllett, Harrison, Johnson, JCel-
ley Kililnger, Lansing, Law, Lazear, Leary, McKnight,
Mcl'herson, Malloiy, Menzies, Moorhead, Morris, Noliij,
Noell, Norton, Nugen. Pattern, Pike, Portei, Potter, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John IT. Rice, Richardson, Riddle, James S.
Rollins, Shanks, Sloan, John B. Steele, Stratum, Tram,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upton, VallandigUam, Van Valkcn-
buigli, Verrcc, Wallace,Charles VV. Walton, E. 1>. Walton,
Wheeler, Whaiey, Albeit S. White, Wickliffe, Wood, and
Woodruff—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Babbitt, Beaman, Bingham, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake,George II. Bioivne, William (J. Brown,
Buffinton, Campbell, Ciiambeilin, Clark, Clemens, Cobb,
Fiedeuck A. Conkhng, Coming, Cox, Davis, Dawes, Ed-
gerton, Fenton,Guriey, Holman, Iloopei, Ilutcbins, Julian,
Francis W. Kellogg, Knapp, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston,
Maynard, Justin S. Moirill, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Pom-
croy, Edwaid II. Rollins, Satgent, Sedgwick, Sheffield,
Sherman, Spaulding,William G. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vibbaid, Wadswoith,
Waslihurne, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wilson, and
Woicester—54.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The*lattcr motion was agreed to.
JOHN G. MINI,
Mr. DUNN. I am directed by the Committee
on Patents to report a bill to render valid and to
authorize the extension of letters patent granted
to John G. Mini, on the 1.3th of November, 1844,
and reissued on the 24th of August, 1859. I do
not propose to put the bill on its passage at this
time, but only to move that it be postponed to'
Wednesday next, and made the special order for
that day.
Mr. YVASHBURNE. I object to the special
order.
Mr. DUNN. Then I will not ask that the bill
bo made the special order, bat that its further con-
sideiation be postponed until Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
this is a private case.
Mr. DUNN. Then I make it Friday.
The bill was then read a first and second lime
by its title, and its further consideration postponed
until Friday next.
BRANCH POST OFFICES.
Mr. ALLEY. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to report back
House bill No. 118, to authoiizc the Postmaster
General to establish branch post offices in cities,
and to ask that it be put on its passage.
The bill was read in extenso. It dirccts the
Postmaster General, when in his judgment the
public interest or convenience .may require it, to
establish one ot more branch offices to facilitate
the operations of the post office in any city or place
which in his opinion may require such additional
accommodation; and provides that the Postmaster
General shall prescribe rules and regulations for
the branch offices which may be established by
virtue of this act; and to charge one cent in addi-
tion to the regular postage for every letter depos-
ited in any branch office to be forwarded by the
mail from the principal office, which shall be pre-
paid by a stamp, and one cent for_ every letter
delivered at such branch office; provided, that no
letter shall be sent from the principal to the branch
office except it is requested to be done; and the
bill fnrthe/provides for the repeal of the tenth sec-
tion of the act entitled '' An act to establish certain
post routes, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1847.
Mr. ALLEY. I demand the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER.. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, the business in order is the con-
tested-election case from Pennsylvania, of Butler
t's. Lehman. The first question is upon tlie amend-
ment offered by the gentleman trom Ohio [Mr.
Worcester] to the resolution of the majority of
the committee. The Clerk will lead the amend-
ment.
The amendment, which was read, was to strike
out of the first resolution the words " William E.
Lehman" and insert" John M. Butler;" and in the
second resolution to strike out the words "John
M.Butler"and insert "WilliamE.Lehman,"so
that the resolution will read:
Resolved, That John M. Butler is not entitled to a seat
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, as the Representative from
the first congressional district in the State of Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That William E. Lehman is entitled to a seat
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, as the Representative from
the first concessional distuetin the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 77, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Bid-
die, Jacob IS. Blair, Geoige II. Browne, William G.Brown,
Buffinton, Cobb, Cooper, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield,
Riittendcn, Delano, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards, English,
Fouke, Goocli, Goodwin, Guiloy, Haiglit, Hnnison, Hick-
man, Ilohnan, Iloopei, Ilorton, Johnson, William Ivellogsr,
Ktllinsnr, Knapp, Law, Laz.ear, Leary, Logan, Mallory,
Maynaid, Menzies, Moms, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen,
Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Alexander II. Rice, KiclianHon,
Riddle, Eobmson, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sheffield,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin I''.
Thomas, Tram, Tumble, Upton, Vallaiidiihain, Vibbard,
Vooihees, W.idswoitll, Want, Webster, Whaiey, Chilton
A. White, Wicklifl'c, Wood, Woodruff, Woiccstn, and
YViisht—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldneh. Babbitt. Goldsmith 1. Bailey,
Bakei, Baxter, Beainan, Bingham, Francis P. JSIan, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake, Campbell, Chainberlin, Colfax, Fied-
euck A. Conkluig, Ito--eoc Conkhng, Conway, Covodc,
Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Diven, Duell, Edgerton, Eliot, Fen-
ton, Fessendcn, Frank. Granger, Halo,Ilauchett, Huteliins,
Julian, Kellcy, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis,
LovejoVjMcKean, McKnight, McPherson, Marston, Mitch-
ell, Mo'oihead, Au.-im I'. Mors ill, Justin S. Mornll, Olin,
Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Poineroy, Pottei, John
II. Rice, Sedgwiek. Shanks, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding,
Stevens, Tiowlmclge, Van Horn, Van Valkcnbuigh. Van
Wyck, Wallace, E.~P. Walton, Wheeler, Albeit S. White,
and Wilson—67.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was passed; and also moved to lay
thfr motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate have
passed a resolution and bill of the House of the
following titles:
Joint resolution No. 32, declaratory of the pur-
pose of Congress to impose a tax; and an act (No.
193) in relation to the letters of sailois and ma-
rines in the service of the United States.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT. -
A message from the President,by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Sceretaiy, announced that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed a bill entitled " An
act for the relief of the owner of the British brig
Perthshire."
BRANCH POST OFFICES AGAIN.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order a bill to authorize the Postmastci
General to establish branch post offices in cities,
reported from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and upon which a demand for Lie
previous question is pending.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was aceoidingly read the third time,
and passed.
The SPE A.ICER announced as the business next
in ord«r the call of committees for reports.
DEAL) LETTER OFFICE.
Mr. COLFAX. A bill passed the House some
time ago to promote the ctiicicncy of the dead
letter office, it has come back to us from the^
Senate with amendments. I ask the consent ot
the House to take up that bill and amendments
now, and concur in the amendments. The amend-
ments do not at all change the amount appropri-
ated.
No objection bemi? made, the bill was taken up
and reported, as follows:
An act(I-I.R. No. J GO) to promote the efficiency
of the dead letter office.
The amendments of the Senate were reported,
as follows:
•First amendment:
In line eleven, second lection, Rtuke out the words ih at
not exceeding $800 salary per year," and insert in lieu
thoi rof <ho woids "at salaries not exceeding an average oi
$800 per year, and no one to receive more than $1,200 £er
year."
Second amendment: ' :
After the woid "compensation," in line fifteen, section
second, insert the words " of the s,aid clerks."
Mr. COLFAX. I call the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would ask the gentleman
from Indiana why the first change is proposed?
Mr. COLFAX. The House by a very large
majority passed a bill putting postage on dead let-
ter's returned, and requiring that they all should
be returned, and authorizing twenty-five clerks to
be paid out of the fund, at $800 each. The Dc-
paitment preferred, that while the compensation
should not average over $800, a discretion should
be left to them in reference to the compensation
of the clerks employed under such limitation. The
amount to be paid is precisely the same as in the
original House bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Would it be in order to
move an amendment to the Senate amendment?
If so I would like to propose an amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to luwe the vote taken
directly upon concurring in the amendments of the
Senate, as the^ carry out precisely the idea of the
House in relation to the amount and the number
of clerks. I do not wish it to be embarrassed by
an amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It will not embarrass the
matter. I wish to add a proviso to the effect
that the whole amount paid shall not exceed the
sum made the operation.
Mr. COLFAX. That is substantially the effect
of the bill as it is.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendments wereagreed to.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■WARD II. LAMON.
Mr. DELANO,from the Committee forthe Dis-
trict of Columbia, made a report in answer to a
resolution offered by Mr. Fenton on the 13th
instant.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee lot the Distnct ot* Columbia, in answer
to the Ilon^e resolution of the lJih instant, respectfully re-
poit, tlml thev have made inquny as to what oider-3 have
been issued by Waid II. Lam on, niaishal of the District,
designed to exclude Senator?, Repiesentatives, and others
tiotn admission to the Distnu jail a-> viMtoi?, and they sub
mit the following as tho  e>uit of their inquiry :
The maishalot the Disti tct has by law the exclusive cus-
tody of the jail, and is lesponsible lor the sale detention o(
all persons thetc confined.
Pnot to the 6th of January, instant, it is believed that no
specific legulaltons on the subject of admission to that in-
stitution had been adopted by the maishal, but it was lett
to the suboidmato ofneera to admit or exclude visitors at
discretion.
On oi immediately aftet the 6th of January, and at a tune
when comnnttce^ of Congiees were seeking a peisonal i -
spet noil of the jail, and otherwise pursuing their investiga-
tions as to its condition and management, the committee
believe that the marshal, lot teasons best known to him-
self, did make a temporary outer to the effect that no person
bhould be admitted without a special permit from himself,
oi unless accompanied by bun. Tins oider wasmostsciu-
pulou-ly ob^eivcdby his sub officials—ai least &o far as Sen-
ators and Representatives were concerned, some of whom
were denied admission under it—nil Monday, the 13th in-
stant, when a new and moic discnmhiating set of icgula-
tionb was piomulgated in writing, which, together with the
leasons tor i-sumg them, are contained m the lollowing
communication ot the maishal to the Speaker of the IIouj-c .
United Static Marshal's Office,
Wasiiin-UI'ON, D. C., Jamiaiy 19, 18G2.
Sir: Applications arc frequently madej>y improver per-
sons for admission into the public jail ol Washington county
as visiloys; and the necessity of eu-iuchng all poison-, a*
visitors without a pass has sometime.* occasioned uieou-
vt'iiienoo to officer-* of the (jo\eiinnmt who have de-nod
*uch admission. B\ the act of the iT/th of Febnuuy, leoi,
it is piovided that the maishal ot the District thall have the
custody of the jail, and shall be accountable for the sale-
keeping of all pu>onei-; legally committed theiem ; and m
the evcrcise o! tiic^e duties. I have deemed it pioper, both
for the .-eeuntvof the ptiMtncf* and the convrmenco of
those who mnv dc^ue to m-peet the jail, to make the fol-
lowing H'guicition&, which aie respectfully submitted to the
House ot Representatives:
1. The Pic^ubrnt of the United States and the memheis
of the Cabinet;
2. The ind^e-s of the Supieme Court and judges ofotnu
courts ot lecoid m the District of Columbia ;
3. The J'lesident ol Use Senate and the Speaker or the
nous* ot Repie>enfatives: &hall all be admitted at ttn-ir
^'4! Member of the Senate of the United States shall be
admitted upon a p:u>s in writing, signed by the President of
the Senate ofthe United States.
5. Members ofthe Houac of Representatives of the tm-
