3822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
existing law of the country, when the militia are
called out, they have got to conform in then- or-
ganization to the Army organization of the United
States. That is the law of the country now; and
ou r volun teers are formed on that model; and there-
fore when the militia are called out they will have
to conform to the present system of organization
of volunteers. I do not know, therefore, that it is
neccssary to.retain this second section in the bill;
but the Adjutant General thought it had better be
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the one that ena-
bles the President to make regulations ?
Mr. WILSON,  f Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The idea was this: that when we called out the
militia, they should be conformed to the present
organization; that is, one hundred and one men in
a company; ten companies in a regiment, with cap-
tains and lieutenants, and having a colonel, lieu-
tenant colonel, and major. They were to conform
in their oiganization to the present system of vol-
unteers; and the present system of volunteers con-
forms to the Army system, with the exception of
the new regiments we raised last year, which were
made into twenty-four companies.
Mr. COLLAMlSR. The objection I had was
this: when you draft the militia, if they are drafted
as they should be, by the laws of the United States
and the State, they are drafted with their general
officers; whereas that section says they shall be
oiganized like volunteers, which would leave the
appointment of their generals to the President.
When you call out the militia, they should have
their generals with them.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator from Vermont thinks we had better strike
out the section, 1 really do not consider that it is
of any great account, and I am perfectly willing
that it should be.
Mr. COLLAMER. When I suggested that
objection, I thought the Senator would examinei:
and modify it accordingly. I had not drawn an
-amendment, and have not now. I do not know
but it had better remain there after all, but I think
it should be amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask the Senate to go
back to the proposition I submitted a moment ago.
1 propose to alter it by striking out the words
"cities, towns,and municipalities," and substi-
tuting "States." Will the Secretary be good
enough to read it.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made, the amendment being within
the Senator's own control. It will be read as
modified by the mover.
The Secretary rend it, as follows:
I'tonidei, Tliat nil enlistments hereafter made shall be
credited to the States respectively In wliicli the tame shall
bo made, anil be deducted from any I'timre draft in pursu-
ance of this net.
Mr. IIALE. 1-do not want to have that amend-
ment adopted unless it is further modified and
these enlistments are made from citizens of their
own State. I will tell you what the operation of
it will be.
Mr. SUMNER. You cannot go into those de-
tails.
' Mr. HALE. Perhaps you cannot. Then 1
think you cannot go into this. Tho State of Ver-
mont lies its whole length side liy side with New
Hampshire, and tho State of Vermont pays a
bounty of seven dollars a month. The result will
be, if you adopt this amendment, that all the men,
from the Canada line down to Massachusetts, on
the borders of Vermont will go overinto Vermont
and volunteer in preference to enlisting in New
Hampshire where they get no bounty, and our en-
listments will be credited to Vermont instead of
New Hampshire. I think we had better leave' it
os it is, and leave this thing to be regulated by the
States, and if any of these municipalities raise
more than their qitola, let the State regulate it. I
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. In section ten, line two, after the
word "officers," I move to insert the words "and
no more;" so that it will read:
That each army corps shall have the following officers
and nomuie auuelied thereto, who shall constitute the staff
of the commander thereof, &e.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will agree
to that amendment. I will state to the Senator
that the commanders of army corps have more
men attached to their staffs than would be allowed
by this section; and no w the Senator proposes that
they shall have no more, which will define pre-
cisely what they shall have. I think this section
provides enough for them, and therefore I am per-
fectly willing to agree to the Senator's amendment.
Mr. HALE. The Senator does not quite un-
derstand the amendment. This section applies to
officers of the staff, and not to the army corps, and
as amended it will read, " that each army corps
shall have the following officers, and no more, at-
tached thereto, who shall constitute the staff of
the commander thereof."
Mr. KING. This amendment will strike off
the additional aids-de-camp that have been given
to these officers.
Mr. HALE. No; it will not. Three aids-de-
camp are included.
Mr. KING. But I mean that some of them
have more than that.
Mr. HALE. That is the very thing I desire
to do.
Mr. KING. I will merely state, that the Senate
may understand it, that there are quite a number
of them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move further to amend the bill
by striking out the whole of the ninth section, and
I will explain to the Senate why I do it. I think
there is law enough for army corps now, and if
we allow this section to remain, i t will be construed
just as was the bill for five hundred thousand ad-
ditional men that we voted by accident at the last
session. We provided in one bill for raising that
amount of men, and then repeated it in another
bill, supposing it still to amount to five hundred
thousand, and it was construed to authorize a mil-
lion. This section authorizes the President to
make just as many army corps as he pleases.
Here is the section:
Sec. D. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized to establish and organize army
corps according to his discretion.
That gives him a perfectly unlimited discretion
to make just as many as he pleases. I think that
section had better be stricken out, and let the mat-
ter stand as it is.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is no
law for forming army corps now; but it was be-
lieved by those connected with the military ser-
vice, that, with our large force, it was very im-
portant to make army corps. Army corps were
intended to contain somewhere from thirty to forty
thousand men. Generally an army corps com-
prises' three divisions of the Army, and they have
been based upon that—three divisions making
from thirty to thirty-five thousand men, and put
under the command of one man. The Army of
the Potomac at the present time has five army
corps connected with it. There is no law author-
izing the President to make these army corps.
Mr, GRIMES. He does not need any.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Iowa suggests that he does not need the law;
but tho truth is, it seems to me, thatin organizing
our Army there ought to be alaw for making army
corps. There is a law for company, regiment,
brigade, and division organization, and it seems to
me there ought to be a law for army corps. I do
not think it will give the President any more power
than he has now. He will certainly divide the
Army into these corps wherever it will bedeemed
necessary.
Mr. GRIMES: Why not fix the number of
men of which they are to consist?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor from Iowa asks why we "do not define the num-
ber of which they consist. I think there is no
trouble on that point. There is no necessity for
that; fori believe the army corps, with one or two
exceptions, have had three divisions. There may
be one or two of them that have had only two
divisions. I am inclined to think that General
Banks's corps has been reduced to that.
Mr. HALE. After the explanation that has
been made, I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think by an inadvertence",
for the Senator from Massachusetts would not
have done it otherwise, he has left out a very im-
portant clause in the thirteenth section which was
adopted by a deliberate vote of the Senate. I will
therefore renew it. It is in section thirteen, line
two, after the words, " African descent," to in-
sert the words " who by the laws of aStateowes
service or labor to any person who during the
present rebellion has waged war against the Uni-
ted States, or has aided or assisted said rebellion."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I must demand the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no. Wc have voted
on it once.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I cannot help it.
Mr. KING. I will ask the Senator from Ohio
to allow me to make a verbal correction in this
section before the question is taken on his amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. KING. It now reads:
That when any man or boy of African descent shall ren-
der any such service as is provided for in tho first section
of this act, he, his mother, and his wife and children shall
forever thereafter be free, &c.
The provision referred to is in the twelfth sec-
tion instead of the first, butas there may be some
change in the numbering of the sections, instead
of referring to the twelfth section, I propose to
strike out the words"the first section of,"so that
it will read, " as is provided for in this act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ That correc-
tion will be made if there be no objection. The
amendment is merely for the purpose of identifi-
cation. The question recurs on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio. The Senator from
Kansas asks for the yeas and nays on the adop-
tion of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply want the Senate
to understand the amendment. The Senate, by
a deliberate vote and by a considerable majority,
determined that it would not apply the emanci-
pation clause in this bill to any but the slaves of
rebels, and yet now, when the bill is introduced
in a new form, that important pro vision is omitted.
By the section, as it now stands, if any slave is
employed to wheel a barrow of earth in making
an intrenchment, or cutting down a tree, if he was
the slave of the most loyal man m this country,
he would thereby be made free. I am sure the
Senate does not desire to do that injustice.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am perfectly willing
to provide in the bill for remunerating the loyal
master; but the idea in this amendment is to re-
mand a man back to slavery, either to a loyal or
a disloyal master, after he has fought in defense
of his country! Sir, I am not prepared to do so
gross an act of injustice as that. Besides, it takes
away the great incentive from these men to work.
The incentive is their freedom. Any price that
the Senate choose to give to the loyal master I
am ready to vote; but not to remand the mail to
slavery.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Davis, Doolittle, Foster, Har-
ris, Henderson, McDougall, Mori ill, PowelJ, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Stark, Ten Eyek, Willey, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—16.
NAYS—Messsrs. Carlile,Foot, Hale, Harlan, King, Lane
of Kansas, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—9.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
agreed to take a recess at five o'clock, and I think
it would be as well to take it now. We have not
got a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the or-
der of the Senate then, there will be a recess until
seven o'clock in the evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o 'clock.
EMANCIPATION IN THE STATES.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
present a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States.
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
Fellow-citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives :
Herewith is the draft of a bill to compensate any State
which may abolish slavery within its limits, the passage of
which, substantially, as presented, I respectfully and earn-
estly recommend. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
July 14,1862.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first read-
ing of a bill.
The Secretary read the bill by its title, as fol-
lows: "A bill providing for the payment for
persons held to service or labor liberated by any
State."
