1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
relation to.the Stevens battery. And, sir, that
tiie majority of the commission were wrong, and
that Professor Henry was right, has been estab-
lished by actual proof and demonstration in re-
gard to four of the five exceptions that these gen-
tlemen took to the Stevens battery. They said
that this battery was not sufficiently strong to sup-
port the armor upon it; that the sides of the ves-
sel would be crushed by the weight of the armor
to be imposed upon it. They also stated that the
efficiency of the armor was not such as to turn the
slightest kind of projectiles now in known use.
They also stated that the pumps would not work
in consequence of the coal which was to be used
in the bottom of the vessel, which would obstruct
their operation. They made one or two other ex-
ceptions. Edwin A. Stevens, knowing that these
conclusions were wrong, appointed a day, while
this commission was still in the city of New York,
and published a circular directed to them in which
he proposed to test the accuracy of every excep-
tion they made, and to have a public and open in-
vestigation of the matter. That investigation took
place; but these gentlemen found it convenient to
leave the city four days before the experiment*
camc off, if I am not erroneously informed, and
refused to witness the experiments. They were
made in open daylight, in the presence of a targe
number of scientific and other persons; and in
those particulars that could be tested the battery
was proved to answer the purposes for which it
was designed, as Mr. Stevens contended.
A section of the wall or side of the vessel was
placed in position, and the heaviest projectiles that
are now in use were discluuged from cannon, and
they made no visible or sensible impiession upon
it. Thoy took other .sections of the side of the
vessel, and they put upon it armor of the dimen-
sion and weight it is designed to put 011 the whole
vessel and added to it, and it had no visible effect
upon the side of the vessel. The men who wit-
nessed these experiments, scientific men, practical
men, who have for years been engaged in the busi-
ness of steamboatmg and naval architecture and
construction, have certified in large numbers that
in their judgment this vessel will answer every re-
quirement that Mr. Stevens proposes it shall an-
swer, with the single exception of its seaworthi-
ness; and that, from the very nature of the case,
they have not been able to experiment upon,
though they give it as their opinion that there
is 110 shadow of doubt from her strength and
character that she will be able to ride the sea as
safely as any other vessel now in the use of our
Navy.
These objections which this commission started,
and upon which the Senator from Maine and the
Senator from Iowa and otheis, now base their ob-
jections, have all been answered and overturned;
and Senators, if they have taken the trouble to read
the memorial of Mr. Stevens which has been
printed for a month past, will see by evidence in-
controvertible that the whole opposition has been
refuted and overthrown, so that the matter stands
now as it stood in July last, when we asked for
this appropriation.
The Senator from Iowa said that if we had given
the appropriation and had completed this vessel
according to the plan as proposed in July last,
and she had been in that engagement with the
Mcriimac, every man and every gun would have
been swept from her decks. I recollect.perfectly
well examining the plan of this vessel and its model
last July; and if f am not mistaken the pivot guns
were to be fired and loaded and refired without^
single man being exposed to the winds of heaven,
every one of them under piotection and every one
of them beneath deck, every one of them pro-
tected by a wall of iron perfectly impcivious to
the best shot and shell now known to modern in-
vention. The cannon are so arranged that they
can be turned on a pivot after being fiied, and the
muzzle brought within or directly up against the
side of an armament, or rather an iron house; 1 do
not know what an engineer would call it. There
are erections upon the deck so placed m juxtaposi-
tion with the pivot guns, that after they are fired
they can be turned by machinery and the muzzle
brought to the aperture in these houses upon the
deck, and there they mo to be loaded, turned again
to their position, and fired. Ilia stated now that
some change has been made in respect to the de-
pression and elevation of the guns different in the
time of loading from what they are in the lime of
firing. It is stated also that Mr. Stevens has ex-
pressed his firm conviction that, he has obviated
any difficulty which would arise from the objection
submitted by the Senator from Iowa. I, myself,
had some doubt with respect to the ability of these
guns to remain in their position if they were to be
struck fairly and squarely by shot from the enemy;
but it is to be borne in mind that they are of im-
mense weight, they are of immense size, they are
to be fixed upon carriages or pedestals of the most
substantial character and structure. The projec-
tor of these engines of war and defense had his
eye directed to that very point, and his reasoning
and his arguments were sufficient to satisfy me at
least, if no one else, that even shot from the Mer-
rimac herself within a reasonable distance would
not have sufficient force to dislodge the guns from
the positions in which they are placed.
Bat it is an experiment, and therefore it is not
to be tried ! Why, sir, the Monitor was an ex-
periment, and had it not been for the experiment
of the Monitor, the Merrimacwould have had her
own way not only in the harbor of Norfolk, and
committed destruction andhavocbroadcast every-
where; and I am not so certain that this Senate
to-day, instead of being here disputing over the
capability and capacity of the Stevens battery,
would not have been upon its flight, or have been
occupying a position in some northern city; for
nothing under heaven but the want of depth of
water in the Potomac would have prohibited the
Mcrrimac, after she had done her work of de-
struction m Hampton Roads, from coming up the
Potomac and shelling this Capitol over our heads.
Although a beleaguering army for nine months
has not had the effectof moving us fiom our seats,
this Mcrrimac, stolen from the harbor of Norfolk,
would have driven Congress and the authorities
of the General Government to seek refuge in some
northern city inland. We should have been per-
fectly defenseless against her had it not been for
an experiment, which scientific men derided and
denounced and scoffed at. But that cost only some
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and it will
cost some seven hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars to complete this vessel, gentlemen say. Sup-
pose it will, is not the protection of the harbor of
New York and the adjacent towns and cities of
sufficient consequence to justify the expenditure
of $750,000? Taking no other fact into consid-
eration, is not that object alone sufficient to jus-
tify the expenditure? But, as I understand it,
this vessel is so constructed thatsheisto run with
great speed and velocity; and if she should come
into conflict with the Merrimac, it would be alto-
gether upon her own consent whether the Merri-
mac approached her side to come in contact with
her or not, because she could play about her far
and near, and hold her just wheie she pleased. It
is believed that she is a worthy sea-going vessel,
and that wo can not only use her in the harbor of
New York, but in the harbor of Boston or Port-
land, or any other harbor North or South, for the
protection of commerce and the protection of the
inhabitants engaged in mercantile and other pur-
suits who may be subject to the destruction that
the vessels which have been stolen from us and
remodeled and refitted, might be able to inflict
upon us but for the aid and assistance we expect
from this souicc.
Besides, sir, protection from foreign aggression
js not to be overlooked. Who, on the 25th day
of December last, would not have been willing to
give millions out of the public Treasury for the
Stevens battery armed and fully equipped m the
harbor of New York? I certainly would have
been willing. At a time when we expected an
attack from Great Britain on account of our diffi-
culties growing out of the Trent affair, and when,
for aught we knew, the first nod of iccognition
we should reccivc would be at the hands of a Brit-
ish armed vessel, armor clad, who would not have
been glad if millions of dollars had been expended
since the last session of Congress for the protec-
tion of that harbor ? After all, $750,000 is not
the expense of a single one of your hundreds of
;j regiments for a single year; it is one fourth less
than the expense of one regiment for a single
year, and you have over five "hundred of them.
11 is a large sum it is true, and it would be a very
large sum to put into the pocketof Edwin A. Ste-
vens. Edwin A. Stevens, as the Senator from
Maine justly remarked, does not need any public
munificence. He is a man of great wealth, and
he is liberal. He has already constructed, at a
large cost, some $60,000, a vessel called the Nau-
gatuck on his own account, and tendered her to
the Government as a present—a vessel built partly
upon the plan of the floating battery, but much
smaller, and designed to show the character of the
larger vessel in regard to sinking in action and
turning upon her own center.
Mr, HOWARD. Has he made a free gift of
it to the Government?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I so understand.
Mr. HALE. It is so.
Mr. THOMSON. I apprehend the Naugatuck
is at Fortress Monroe to-day.
Mr. TEN EYCK. She is a vessel designed to
illustrate some of the advantages of the Stevens
battery, though on a smaller plan and model—to
show that, instead of taking a mile or two to turn
in, she can turn upon her own axis, so to speak,
and that the sinking in action will be of great ad-
vantage when she shall be called upon either by
way of attack 01* defense in the service of the
country.
I think, sir, we should pay some little attention
to the protection of the seaboard as well as the
protection of our internal rivers. The idea now
seems to be, that we must have small iron-clad
vessels. I know they are very important. It is
very desirable that we should have them. They
have rendered great and efficient service on the
Mississippi river. I trust they will be the means
of relieving the city of New Orleans from her en-
thrallment. They may have aided in that work
by the present time, for aught I know; if they
have not, I hope the time will speedily come when
they will. They have rendered great cind import-
ant service. I have suppoited and have been in
favor of increasing that peculiar mode of naval
defense; but, at the same time, 1 have not an eye
solely to that sort of protection to the utter disre-
gard of our commerce and our towns and cities
upon the sea coast.
If, after all, Mr. President, Edwin A. Stevens
has gone ahead too fast; if he has followed the
pursuit of his own idea; if genius has beckoned
him on to produce the most complete and effective
system of modern warfare on the ocean, and he
has expended $250,000 of his own money over and
above the amount appropriated by the Govern-
ment, shall we not complete the vessel if we want
her? You may impeach the conduct of the Messrs.
Stevens if you see fit to do so. They cannot be
banned where they are known. You may ques-
tion the accuracy and propriety of their conduct
if you please; and yet if we need the vessel, and
if we believe that her completion in sixty or ninety
days will render gi eat and efficient aid and service
to the country during the rebellion, for the pro-
tection of our sea coast and in carrying the war
into Africa, why shall we not expend the addi-
tional sum of $750,000? It is a large sum stand-
ing alone; butm viewof the immense expenditure
of this war, it is but a drop in the bucket: and I
apprehend the Senate will not hesitate longer in
adopting the amendment which has been proposed
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. THOMSON obtained the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I would ask the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Tln Eyck] what surety we
have that this \ essel will be furnished to us within
Ac coming twenty years?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Thomson] was recognized by
the Chair.
Mr. HOWARD. I was not aware of it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. With the permission of my
colleague, I will say to the Senator from Michigan
that the exigencies of the war that is upon our
hands, and the anxiety of the Stevenses and of
the Government, both contracting parties, to have
an efficient agent of warfare, will insure the very
early completion of this vessel. Up to this time
there has been no special urgency for its comple-
tion, and the Government has never complained
of the delay, so far as I know.
Mr. THOMSON. I have been requested by
several of my friends to give way for a motion
to adjourn. I would rather have'the vote taken
to-day on this question myself; but as I have been
unwell for several days, and am not quite well
yet, I cannot refuse to give way.
Mr. HALE. I hope we shall have an exec-
utive session.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate now
