1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
commerce of Philadelphia. This anchorage has
of late becomeof great resort bv ships which run
in to communicate, by telegraph, with or through
Philadelphia to distant ports, North and East,
for sailing- instructions, awaiting orders, or wind-
bound. The ships of New England and of New
York run in there constantly for this purpose.
It is a harbor of convenience affecting the com-
merce of the whole sea-board; a harbor of safety,
affecting the commerce of the world. In the last
war it was held ot sufficient importance to mount
a small battery at this point as a defense of the
town of Lewes, Delaware, and of the anchorage
behind Cape Henlopen. But at this time there is
not a single gun mounted, neither is there an em-
bankment or embrasure in which one might be
placed. The attention of the engineer department
has been called to it; and General Totten is clearly
of the opinion that it is a point which should be
defended. My information is that he has declared
that $150,000 is a proper and reasonable amount to
be appropriated for this purpose. I therefore ask
the committee to adopt the amendment which I
have offered.
We have now but slight protection for the Dela-
ware river; but we believe that with the proper
armament, provisioning, and garrisoning of the
forts now existing, and by the immediate erec-
tion and arming of the new fort asked for oppo-
site Fort Delaware, and by sinking obstructions
in the channels of the river, so as to detain a vessel
under the concentrated fire of these works, our
channel will be sufficiently protected from the in-
roads of a hostile fleet. But we wish to have this
harbor of refuge properly protected, so that if a
merchantman be chased by an armed vessel, pri-
vateer, or pirate on the high seas, she may find
refuge under the guns of this fort. I doubt very
much whether there is a work of this magnitude
erected by any foreign Government as a haven of
rest to the endangered commerce of the world, and
left wholly unprotected against an armed enemy.
As it stands at present, it may prove only a trap,
in which to decoy large numbers of vessels to fall
an easy prey to any bold marauder, or in case of
foreign war, it may become a refuge for a foe,
wherein he may ride unmolested by the rude
waves of the Atlantic. Theamendment asks for
$150,000 for a fortification to protect this harbor.
It is asked, not simply in the interest of the com-
merce of Philadelphia, Delaware, and New Jer-
sey, but in the interest of the whole northern sea-
board of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
[The committee heie rose informally, and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, its Secretary, notifying the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
29) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
transfer certain balances of an appropriation for
printing of the second session of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress, to the sum appropriated for the first
session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The appropri-
ations reported m this bill are inserted in pursu-
ance of the recommendation of the proper Depart-
ment. We must necessarily be confined to the
information which we derive from officers who
have made a proper examination of all these points.
The sum appropriated in the bill is certainly large
and liberal. I think it would be hardly wise for
the House to transcend the limits of the bill. Wo
certainly have not sufficient information to justify
us in adopting the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. I therefore hope that
it will notprevai).
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing it five dollars. There is not
a city on or near the Atlantic coast which is in so
defenseless a condition as the city of Philadelphia
is at this time. The harbor of New Yoik is well
defended, having upwards of one thousand guns
mounted in its fortifications. Boston has am pie for-
tifications, mounted with over fourhundred guns.
The only defenses of Philadelphia consist of Fort
Mifflin, some seven or eight miles below the city,
which is almostm a state of dilapidation, and old
Fort Delaware, some fifty miles further down the
Delaware river. The capacity of both those fui ts,
fully armed, is but one bundled and seventy-five
guns, and probably there are not now fifty guns
mounted on them.
These are all the defenses which that great city
has against any enemy that may approach up the
Delaware bay. The amendment proposed by my
coHeague is to commence the erection of a forti-
fication to protect what is called the harbor of
refuge, inside the breakwater, made there some
years ago by the Government. There is a press-
ing demand for this work; for at this moment
there is nothing to prevent a hostile fleet going
up the river. Fort Delaware and Fort Mifflin are
entirely inadequate for such a purpose. If ever
there was a necessit/Yor a work of this kind for
the protection of the great metropolis of a great
State, that time is now.
It is true that the Committee on Military Affairs
has referred to it ageneral system of fortifications,
which is to include all of the Atlantic cities, but I
do not see that the adoption of this amendment
will interfere in any way with the action of that
committee in reference to the general system of
defenses. The appropriation asked for is but
small. There is usually a large quantity of ship-
ping at this point, and that shipping is, at pres-
ent, entirely undefended. I am aware that there
is abundant argument, also, why appropriations
should be made for the protection of some points
on the coast of Maine. That matter lias also been
before the Committee on Military Affairs. Iam
perfectly willing at the appropriate time to give
my vote and influence towards putting that coast
in a good condition of defense. I beg gentlemen
not to interfere with this matter, which is one of
pressing necessity. The appropriation meets the
approval of the Committee on Military Affairs. I
therefore hope that the amendment will prevail.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Wright] because I
prefer the amendment which he has proposed to
amend, namely: to make an appropriation of
ยง150,000 for the protection of this breakwater,
and mounting it with the proper* casemates and
cannon. My colleague [Mr. Davis] has well said
that this harbor of refuge is a shelter, not merely
for Philadelphia vessels, but for vessels of the
whole Atlantic seaboard.
Mr. OLIN. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that this amendment is out of order, as it
proposes to make an appropriation for a new work
not now authorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment was re-
ceived without objection, and the Chair considers
it now too late to object. Had the objection been
made at the time, the Chair would have sustained
it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have no doubt that my
friend from New York [Mr. Olin] will have an
opportunity of beina; heard; and 1 am anxious to
hear him. The shipping of the whole Atlantic
seaboard is interested in the protection of this
haibor of refuge, because, in times of storm, ves-
sels seek shelter behind it. In case of a war with
England or any foreign country, it would be ab-
solutely necessary for our safety to have this har-
bor protected. Another great object of having a
fortification there is to prevent a foreign foe from
making use of the harbor. As it now is, a for-
eign fleet might sail in there and obtain shelter
from the inclemency of the weather, and might
rendezvous there for the purpose of making incur-
sions against all parts of the Atlantic coast.
In addition to this I desire^p call the attention of
the House to another argument in favor of the
amendment. The Delaware and Chesapeake canal
is a very important channel of communication;
but if the vessels of a foreign foe were to get in
behind this harbor of refuge, they would command
this channel. If the lailroad connection between
New York and Washington were to be broken,
and if the Delaware and Chesapeake canal were
also blockaded by a foreign fleet, then all connec-
tion between the North and East and this capital
would be entirely cut off. I am sure, therefoie,
that there is not a member of this House who, if
he looked calmly and dispassionately at the mauei,
would not see the necessity, the vital impoitance
of making this appropriation.
I trust, Mr. Chairman, that members will look
into this matter, and that they will recognize the
necessity of making the appropriation asked for,
riot merely for the protection of our own com-
merce, but to prevent a foreign fleet from cutting
off the connection between Chesapeake and Del-
aware boys, which might eventuate in the cutting
off of all access to Washington city.
The gentleman has alluded to the fact that ves-
sels from all parts of the country, going up and
down the Atlantic coast, come-into this harbor of
refuge in order to communicate by telegraph and
get their orders in relation to sailing. I trust,
therefore, that the amendment offered by my col-
league [Mr. Da.yis] will be adopted, andf that the
amendment to the amendment will be voted down.
The amendment to the amendment was disa- .
greed to.
Mr. OLIN._ I wish the opportunity to say one
word upon this subject, and to enable me to do it
I will move to reduce the amount to ten dollars.
This subject of fortifications is one of the most
intricate as well as important that can possibly
come before Congress. The subject of coast for-
tifications, beyond the ordinary appropriations
that are contained in this bill, has been referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and I do
not detract from anybody's reputation in this
House when I say that this subject is of a nature
so abstruse, and requiring such skill and judgment
in the expenditure of money, that there is no man
upon this floor unquestionably who would be fit
to say what kind of fortifications should be built,
or where they should be built.
This House will have to rely for their informa-
tion on this subject upon thcbestengineeringskill
in the country. It is perfectly manifest that, with
the limited means at our command, we can only
make a judicious expenditure of money in this
direction, after the most careful examination of
the best skill of the country as to the places where,
and the manner in which, the money should be
expended.
Now, my friend from Pennsylvania, who is a
member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
says that the other most important commercial
points arc already sufficiently protected; thatNew
York harbor, Boston harbor, and other points,
which are as important as this place of refuge,
as the gentleman calls it, are already protected.
Why, sir, New York harbor could not be success-
fully defended for an hour against the fleet this
Government now has on the sea, to say nothing
of its defense against such a naval Power as France
or Great Britain. No, sir, one third ofthc Amer-
ican fleet now would enter New York harbor in
defiance of all the fortifications which are there or
will be there for nine months to come. So with
Boston harbor; and I may say that there is no
point on the whole sea-board that is defensible as
against our own fleet.
But if there is to be a large expenditure of
money, or any considerable expenditure of money,
beyond what is already contained in the bill, these
appropriations ought to come to us fortified by
the most careful examination by the best engi-
neering talent in the country, and after it shall
have been determined by the proper authorities
what nature of works shall be constructed, and
where they shall be constructed. It should not
be done on the mere motion of a member of the
House, stating that a breakwater or harbor of
refuge needs defending, without having consulted
any engineer authority, or without any examin-
ation of the point having been made, and without
any idea even of the kind of woik which is to be
constructed. I submit thatsuch legislation is mere
school-boy work; and especially at such a time as
this, it is a foolish expenditure of money.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York. In order
to satisfy the House that the amendment pro-
posed by my colleague [Mr. Dams] is not an
immature project, as the gentleman from New
York seems to suppose, and that it is not "school-
boy legislation," as the gentleman is pleased to
term it, 1 will send to the Clerk's desk, and ask
i to have read, an extinct from a communication
from the highest officer of engineers in the service
of the country, on the question before the House.
The letter is from Brigadier General Totten, the
head of the department of engineers.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Engineer's Depart.mfnt,
Washington, January 3, 1661.
Sir: I have just icceived jour letter of the 2d instant,
and hasten to icply.
The construction of suitable wotks of defense for the har-
bor of refuse made hy the Delaware breakwatei, in i)ela-
waie bav, is fully appioved by this department. The suir
of >'150,003 h a suitable anil moderate amount, tobeappio-
ptiated as teoon as possible, tbr the commencement of sueii
defenses. J. G. TOT TEN,
Brigadier Genet al of Engineer Corps,
A. J. Pleasonton, Esq., Chairman,
IFiUard's Hotel, Washington, D. C.
