1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
um
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. Will it be impossible to have
a vote on tins question to-night?
Mr. THOMSON. I do not know, I am per-
fectly willing to stay as long as the Senate thinks
proper.
Several Senators. There is not a quorum
here.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is a quorum in
the building.
Mr. MoDOUGALL. I think it is hardly prob-
able that we shall get a vote to-night.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to know what is
the wish of the Senator from New Jersey him-
self.
Mr. THOMSON. I have no wish at all on the
subject. 1 am perfectly willing to go on and say
now what few words I have to say; but if it is the
wish of the Senate to go into executive session or
to adjourn, I am perfectly willing to accommo-
date mysolf to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator is perfectly
willing to go on to-night, perhaps we had better
finish this subject.
Mr. LATHAM. I understood that it would
be more agreeable to the Senator from New Jei-
sey to speak to-moriow; but if he is ready and
willing to go on now, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. THOMSON. I have been unwell.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator says he is
unwell, I have no desire to press the bill now.
Mr. LATHAM. Then 1 renew my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion, I de-
siie to offer the amendment I indicated. I move
to add, as a proviso to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire:
Provided, That in the contract for tilt1 completion of said
ve-sel, u -.hull be stipulated that the pa\ ment by the United
States of the «.«tn already expended by Edwin A. Stevens
upon said vcm>cI shall be contingent upon its success as an
non-clad sea-going war steamer, to be determined by the
Pie-id-nit.
Mr. GRIMES. I notify the Senate that I shall
propose to amend the proposition so as to declare
that this money shall be expended at the option
and under the direction and control of the Navy
Department, where it belongs. Let them take the
responsibility of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from California, that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not oppose that if it
is understood that this measure cannot go on this
afternoon. I should like to have it voted on this
afu moon.
Several Senators. It cannot be.
Mr. Latham's motion was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON. Before the doors are closed,
I wish to offer a resolution, to which I presume
there will be no objection:
Ilcsolveil, That the Sccietary of the Navy be diiected to
communicate to the Senate copies of all corte-pondence
between Edwin A. Steven*, executot of Robert L. Stevens,
and the Seeietaiy of the N,ivy, in icfoicneeto the steam
floating battery contracted to be built by thesaid RobertL.
Stevens, with an abstiact showing the sum-' expended rc-
fcpectively on the hull and on the machinery ol buul vess^el.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the documents already
communicated we have all that information.
Mr. THOMSON-. Not these letters.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT, by unanimous con-
sent, before the closing of the doors, laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting1 a communication from
the Governor of Nevada Territory to the Secre-
tary of State relative to affans in tluitTcintoiy;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
30th of January, lists of vessels puichased and
chartered for the use of the War Department kuicc
Apul 1, 1861, with a copy of a letter of Colonel
D. D. Tompkins in relation theieto; which was ;
referred to the Committee on Military Affairsand i
the Militia. ■
After some time spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned. :
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, <Marck 27  1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev, Thomas H.Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an-
nual report of the Commissioner of Patents on
agriculture; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
MERCHANTS OF ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following letter from the sec-
retary of the Union Exchange, in explanation of
some allegations made by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] in regard to the character
of the merchants of St. Louis:
St. Louis, Missouri, March 20, J802.
My Dear Colonel: Mv attention ha* been directed to
what Hon. S. Colfax m his Fremont speech had to say con-
cerning the piovalcnee of disloyalty in this city, and espe-
cially a-5 demonstrated by the vote 11 on ehangc " in Janu-
ary last, at the time of the bnth of the Union Merchant-'*
Exchange. I judije from your reply to Colfax on that
point that you had not a coircct understanding of our posi-
tion on that question, and will briefly advise you Under
the rules ot the old chamber five negatives would lej'oct an
applicant for membership. Eighty Union firms were black-
balled on the day the election was to be held; fae scccsh
could keep us all out. We had borne much of rebel inso-
lence for month?; had been threatened with exile, extcimi-
nation, &c. The refusal to admit us to voting membership
ripened the fruit we had been waiting to pluck. All the
Union merchants withdrewfiom the election,leaving only
secessionists to vote,and only foity-five votes weie cast at
the election over which Colfax talks so much; and evep
at that election they voted for Albeit Pcaree for pi evident,
a good and sterling Union man. J5ut Pearce at once left the
unclean thing. The loyal meichants proceeded to e«labli?.h
a new organisation, tiie Union Merchants' Exchange, and
a grand s ueei .s has been made of the movement. We
now have torn hundred fmm. on otn books, and there is but
one firm left on the old chamber who receive, consignments
of produce. The solid merchant* ot ihi* city arc not seces-
sionists,bu\ they are Union—mark that. Among all our
millers one only is a secessionist. I inclose you our list
of otheer* for 18(32, and will send }ou complete member-ship
list a* <oou as published. Out president, Captain H. J.
Moore, although laigely intei estcd in southern pioperty, has
ever been true to the cause ot the nation, and most man-
full\ has he battled for Union, associating with himself the.
wealthiest and most respectable merchants in this city in
the establishment of an institution in the metropolis of the
Zreot, valley, whetc the trade shall be conductcd under the
oldjla%.
•\ cry truly, yours, CLINTON 13. FISIC.
Hon. Frank P. IS lair, Jr., Washington^ D. C.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr, GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, icportcd that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 244) to provide
for the equitable settlement of the accounts of the
officers and crews of the frigate Congress and other
vessels; when the Speaker signed the same,
TAX BILL.
Mr. HORTON moved that the rules be sus-
pended,and the House resolve it&elfmto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state ofthe Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed as a special order the
consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated the seventy-third sec-
tion of the bill to be under consideration.
Mi. IIORTON. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing:
On candle j. made wholly or in pai t of' tallow 01 lard, and
valued at not above twelve cents per pound, five nulls per
pound ; when valued at above twelve cents pei pound, and
on whollj or m pa it spei in,tec ti, paialfme, refined stcaune,
and adamantine caudle-:, one cent per pound.
And, in lieu thereof, to insert the following:
On candles, of whatever material made, when valued at
not above fifteen cents pet pound, five mills per pound;
when valued above fifteen cents per pound, and not above
twenty-live cents per pound, one cent per pound; and when
valued nbovo twenty-iivc cent.-* per pound, one cent and a
half per pound.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the following:
Upon -ales of goods, ware®, merchandise, and other
propeity and estate, to be used, consumed, or jor invest-
ment, including e\f h mire* of piopeity and excluding sales
to jobber or middlemen, one per cent, on the amount of
such sales.
Mr. Chairman, I present this proposition at
this stage of the bill, that the committee may act
on it before it passes to the consideration of the
items which are to be specifically taxed under tKe
following provisions. There is in the'bill great
inconsistencies. It is a fact, that a poor woman
who has two pigs and sells one of them to buy-a
barrel of flour is taxed under it, when the man
who receives $1,000,000 for the profits of'his
sales, will not pay one mill of tax. A measure
containing such an inconsistency upon the face of
it will not commend itself to the approbation of
the country,
I offer this amendment with a view of hereafter
modifying certain other portions of this bill as we
shall hereafter leach them. I know that it may
be said this tax will be difficult to be collected.
My answer to that is, that it can be collected in
precisely the same way and as easily as the other
taxes provided by this bill. And this tax bears
equally upon all sales of property which are made.
It imposes and distributes the burdens of the Gov-
ernment equally among those who sell property,
thus leaching a class of persons who speculate in
stocks and other classes not provided to be taxed
under this bill. It imposes a burden upon them.
It reaches divers interests, and imposes burdens
upon all of them.
This bill proposes to tax flour ten cents a barrel
manufactured in this country; and by the recip-
rocity treaty flour can be introduced into the States
without taxation from Canada, and therefore it
discriminates against the products of our agricul-
turists. I propose to move to strike out that prop-
osition. The bill proposes to tax divers other ar-
ticles embraced in that treaty. I design to move
at a proper time that many of these inconsistencies
shall be removed.
We have to meet the burden of this tax; and if
we impose it equally upon all of the industry and
property of the country—not with exact equality,
for 1 do not expect that—but if we will distribute
fairly the burdens, then the people will quietly
bear them.
I want to tax the sales of cotton. Idonotthink
that they should be exempt from taxation, nor do
I see why various other things should be exempt.
If my amendment prevails, then they will be taxed.
It &roms to me, Mr. Chairman, that if we un-
dertake to send out this bill with all of its incon-
sistencies the people will meet it with great dis-
favor. Men who will stand up to the cannon's
mouth and gallantly brave death will shrink from
the approach of the tax collector. I am glad that
it is so, for it has its compensations. It will put
the people upon their guard to see that all powers
connected with the Government are economically
administered. When the tax gatherer goes among
the people they will see to it that their Represent-
atives and those who have control of their money
properly expend it. Nevertheless, the fact exists
that this bill discriminates against the workshops
and against the agricultural interests of the coun-
try for the purpose of favoring the mere specula-
tive interests. The people of the country will have
just cause of complaint if this bill is permitted to
go out as it now stands; and 1 therefore hope that
my amendment will be adopted that the tax may
be put upon more equitable principles.
Mr. LAW. I desire to move an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to an
amendment is now pending.
Mr, HORTON. I take it for granted, Mr.
Chairman, that the member from Rhode Island
docs not expect the committee to adopt his prop-
osition, because it will be seen, if gentlemen look
at the matter, that it will take away the whole
character of the pending measure, and will sub-
stitutc a new principle and require new machinery
and a new bill to carry it out. I call the attention
ofthe committee to this fact. The principle which
he has announced, and which is being discussed
by the public, may be correct. I am not prepared
to discuss that question now. It requires more
attention than can be given to it in a few moments,
and I hope that if this new principle is to be brought
into the bill that it will be done hereafter when
the committee can carefully consider and act upon
it. I hope that the gentleman from Rhode Island
will allow his proposition to come in at another
time and in another form, so that it may be thor-
oughly understood and fairly decided.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to strike out the
last word of the amendment, in order to enable
