1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2363
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 16, nays 126; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Itoscoo Conkling, Dunn, Fiank, Good-
win, Kiihnger, Loomis, McKntytit, Justin S. MorriJi,
Nixon, Oliiij Pattern. Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Stratton,
E. P. Walton, and Worcestei—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldricl), Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley, Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George II. Browne, William G.
Brown, Buffinton, Calvert, Campbell, Chambcilin, Clark,
Clements, Cobb, Coltax, Frederick A. Cfonkltnj*, Coming,
Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Dunlap, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
English, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher, Gooch, Granger, Gri-
rlor, Gurlev, Haight, Hall, Hanehett, Harding, Harrison,
Hickman, Hoitnan, Ilooper, Ilorton, Hutchins, Johnson,
Julian, KelJcy, Francis W. Kellogn, William Kellogg,
Kerrigan, Knapp, Lansing, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman,
JLovejoy, MePheisoii, Mallory, Maynaul, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Odell, Pendleton,
Perry, Jolm S. Phelps Pike, Pomcroy, Potter, Price, Al-
exander II. Kiee, John II. Rice, Richaul^oti, Riddle, Robin-
son, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Sheffield, Slucl. Sloan, Smith, Spaulding,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Train, Trimble, Tiowbridge, Valiandigham, Van
Hoin, Van Valkenhnrgh, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wall,
Ward, Washburne, Webster, Wheeler, Whalcy, Albert S.
White, Wickliffc, Wilson, Wmdoni, Wood, and Wood-
ruff—128.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Statetof Jim erica in Congress assembled ,That
if any peison within-any State or Territory ot' the United
States shall, after the passage ot this act, willfully engage
in armed rebellion against the Government of the United
States, or shall willfully aid or abet such rebellion, or ad-
here to those engaged in such rebellion, giving them aid or
comfort, every such peibon shall theieby lorfeitall claim to
the service or labor of any persons, commonly known as
slaves; and all such slaves are hereby declared 1'iee and for-
ever discharged from such servitude, anything in the laws
of the United States or of any State to the contraiy notwith-
standing. And whenever theieafterany person claiming the
labor or service of any such slave shall seek to enforce his
claim, it shall be a sufficient defence thereto that the claim-
ant was engaged in the said rebellion, or aided or abetted
the same, contrary to the provisions ot this act.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That whenever any per-
son claiming to be entitled to the servicc or labor of any
other person, shall seek to enforce such claim, he shall, in
the first instance, and before any oider shall be made for the
surrender of the person whose service oi labor is claimed,
establish not only his claim to such service or labor, but
also that sucli claimant has not m any way aided, assisted,
or countenanced the existing rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 74, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricli, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Fiancis 1'. Blair, Samuel s. Blair,
Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Cliamberlin, Clark, Colfax,
Fredeiielv A. OonklinL'. Roseoe Conklmc, Cutler, Davis,
Duell, Edcerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely. Fenton, Fessenden,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gurley, Hanehett, Hlekman,
Hooper, Hutcliin-, Julian, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kelloprg,
Lansing, Loomis, Lovcjoy, McKmght, MePher^on. Moor
head, Anson P. Mori ill. Justin S. .Vlorrill, Olm, I'.itton,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeioy, Pottei, Jolm II. Itiee,
Riddle,'Edvvaid H. Kollins, .s,agent, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sloan, Spaulriiiig, Stevens, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van
Valkenburgh, Venee, Wall, Waltaee, E. P. Walton,
Washburne, Wheeler, Albert's. White, Wilson, Wmdom,
and Woreester—7-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Bailv, Biddie, Jacob B.
Blair, George II. Browne, William G. Blown. Calveit,
Clements, Cobb, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crisfleld, Critten-
den, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn, English,
Fisher, Granger, Gridei, Haiglit, Hall, Harding, Hamson,
Holman, Uorton, Johnson, William Kellogg, Kenigan,
Klllinger, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Lean-, [.ehnian, Mallorv,
MaynardjMenzies,Mitchell. Nixon, Noble, Noell.Norton,
Nugen, Odell, Pendleton, Pony, John S. Phelps, Porter,
Price, Alexandei II. Rice, Richardson, Robinson, James
S. Kollins, Segar, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, Jolm It. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stialton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Tiaui, Tiimble, Valiandigham, Vooibees, Wads-
worth, Ward, WelMei, Wliaiey, VViekhtfo, Wood, and
Woodruff—78.
So the bill was not passed.
During: the call,
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio, stated that ho was
paired with Mr. Bingham, otherwise he would
have voted against the bill and the substitute.
Mr. MORRIS stated that he was paired with
Mr. Shellabarger, otherwise he would have
voted in the negative.
ROBERT SMALL.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the consideration of amotion
laying over from last Monday, to suspend the
rules, to allow the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] io take from the Speaker's table,
and put upon its passage, a bill of the Senate for
the relief of Robert Small and others.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
order of business.
The question being put, the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was brought before the
House for consideration.
The Clerk read the bill. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Navy to cause the steam transport
boat Planter, recently in the rebel service in the
harbor of Charleston, and all the arms, muni-
tions, tackle, and other property on board of her
at the time of her delivery to the Federal author-
ities, to be appraised by a board of competent
officers, and, when the value shall be thus ascer-
tained, to cause an equitable apportionment of
one half of such value so ascertained to be made
between Robert Small and his associates who
assisted in rescuing her from the enemies of the
Government. The Secretary of the Navy may,
if he deems it expedient, cause the sum of money
allotted to each individual under this bill to be
invested in United States securities for his benefit,
the interest to be paid to him or to his heirs an-
nually until such time as the Secretary of the Navy
may deem it expedient to pay to him or his heirs
the principal sum.
Mr. WASHBURNE called the previous ques-
tion on the third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE called the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HUTCHINS demanded theyeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 121, yeas 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricli, Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley, Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Biddie,
Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
George H. Browne, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Camp-
bell, Chambeilin, Clark, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkling, Roseoe Conklmp, Corning, Oox, Cutler, Da-
vis, Dawes. Delano, Diven, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley, Haight, Harri-
son, Hieknmn, Holman, Hooper, Horlon, Hutchms, Julian,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Killingei,
Lansing, f.azear, Leary, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, #Ic-
Knigllt, McPhersoii, Ma\naul, Mitchell, Moorhcad, Anson
P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill. Nixon, Noble, Noell, Nugen,
Odell. Olm, Patton, Pcny, Timolhv G. Phelps, Pike, Pom-
croy,'Potter, Potter, Alexander U. Itiee, John II. lliee,
Itid'dle, Edward II. Kollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sloan, Smith, Spaulding, John B Steele, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train,
Trimble, Tlowhritlge, Van Horn, Van Valkenliurgli, Ver-
ice, Wallace, E P. Walton, \Va-.lihuriie, Webster, Wheel-
er, Whalev, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White, Wilson,
Wmdom, Wood, Woodruff, and Worcester—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Calveit,l)unlap, Harding, Johnson, Ker-
rigan, Norton,,Shiel, Valiandigham, and Voorhees—9.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary, and announcing that he
had approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 183) to provide for the set-
tlement of the accounts of John A. Smith, cleik
of the circuit court and criminal court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 479) to amend an act entitled
" An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30lh of June, 18G3," approved April
17, 1869.
REMUNERATION FOR WAR DAMAGES.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
401, providmgeompensation for damages done by
the troops of the United States, on which the gen-
tleman fiom Maryland [Mr. Webster] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to allow trie to make a report fromthe
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have no objection.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS:
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the Senate amendments
to the House bill (No. 292) for "the collection of
direct taxes in insurrectionary districts within the
United States, and for other purposes; andasked
that they be printed, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and made 
the special order for Wednesday next.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
. GOVERNMENT FOR COLORADO.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that Senate bill No.
311, to amend an act entitled" An act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of Col-
orado," be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. FESSENDEN,
(at half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 27, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a petition of citizens
of Michigan praying an appropriation of public
lands for the benefit of the mining school located
at Houghton, in the State of Michigan, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 307) to grant the right
of preemption to settlers on certain lands in Wis-
consin, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 482) forthe relief
of congressional townshipNo. 8 south, of range
No. 3 east, in Mercer county, Iowa, reported it
adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 326) for the relief of
certain claimanis to farm lots at Prairie du Chien,
in the State of Wisconsin, reported it adversely.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 323) requiring an oath of allegiance in
certain eases, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom the subject was re-
ferred, reported a joint resolution (S. No. 86)
regulating the employment of the convicts in the
penitentiary of the District of Columbia for their
improvement and benefit; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
disturnell's blue book.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
and directed to purchase copies of the Blue BOOK, or
Oiiicial Register of Officers, Civil, Military, and Naval, m
the service of the United States, eoireeted to June, Ioo«J, ot
J. Disturncll, at a price not to exceed Jl 50 per copy, for
the use of members and officers of tlio Senate, and to pay
for the same out of the contingent fund.
SOLDIERS IN TUB DISTRICT PENITENTIARY.
Mr GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War lie directed to in-
form the Senate how many olhceis and men belonging to
the roeular and volunteer foiees of the United States are
now confined in the penitentiary of the IJistuct of Colum-
bia for what offenses, to what regiments do sucll persons
he'lon", under the judgment of what couit or courts, and by
authority of what law were such commitments made to
said penitentiary.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secre-
tary, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, in answer to the resolution of the Senate of
