. 2364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
the 22d instant,calling for further correspondence
relative to Mexican affairs; which, was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
35ILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
333) to increase the terms of the district court of
the United States for the district of Kansas •, which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 317)
for the benefit of Robert Small and others.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed a bill (No. 471) to
confiscate the property of rebels for the payment
of the expenses of the present rebellion, and for
other purposes, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of Horace
M. Hieskell, a paymaster in the United States
Army; and it was signed by the Vice President.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 20th instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 125) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain;
An act (H. R. No. 388) makingappropriations
to icimburse the contingent fund of the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury, including compen-
sation of additional clerks who may be employed
according to the exigencies of the public service,
and for temporary clerks for the current fiscal
year, and for the year ending June 30,18G3, and
to provide for the employmentof additional clerks
in the oflice of the Assistant Treasurer at St.
Louis; and
An act (II. II. No. 44G) supplementary to an
net approved on the 30th of July, 18G1, entitled
"An act to provide for the collection of duties on
imports, and for other purposes."
On the 21st instant, a icsolution (II. R. No. 73)
relating to the time of holding the second session
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Colorado.
On the 26th instant, the following acts:
An act (II. R. No. 183) to provide for the set-
tlementof the accounts of John A. Smith, clerk of
thecircuiteourt and criminal court of the District
of Columbia; und
An act (II. R. No. 470) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the service
of tin4 Post Office Department dti ring the fiscal year
ending 30th of June 1863," approved April 17,
J 862.
PAY OK THIS FIRST MINNESOTA SENATORS.
Mr. WILKINSON I ofler the following res-
olution :
Resoled Tluit there be paid out of the contingent fund
of t he Senate to the Senator-. fnM dueled by the State of
Minrj<\->ota compensationa& Mich fiom the commencement
of the session at which (hey weic admitted to then scats.
I ask for the immediate consideration of this
resolution, and I will state the facts. A joint res-
olution appropriating this sum for the members
of the Senate and the House of Representatives
first elccted from Minnesota has passed the Sen-
ate, and gone to the Committee on the Judiciary
in the House o( Representatives. The Commit-
tee on the Judiciary decided against it on this !
ground  |
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will j
pardon the Chair a moment. By the rule of the
Senate, this resolution must go to the Committee !
on Contingent Expenses, the rule requiring that 1
all resolution?? taking money out of the contingent j
fund shall have tlnee readings, like a bill, and be i
referred to that committee. The resolution will J
be ie«ui a second time. ;
The resolution wns read a second time, and re- '
ferred to the Committee to Audit and Control the i
Contingent Expenses of the Senate. !
Mr. KKSSKNDKN. I will suggest that this* !
money cannot he taken out of the contingent fund |
except by a bill which 1ms passed both Houses. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is only a res-
olution of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ithas been decided at the
Treasury that any resolution to take sums of that
sort out of the contingent fund wiH not be re-
garded; the appropriation must be by a bill or
joint resolution. It changes the law; and if the
resolution should pass the Senate to pay the money
out of the contingent fund, it would not pass at
the Treasury.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLLAMER.. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take up House bill No. 389, which
is what is commonly called the annual post route
bill, to establish post routes in the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us get through the morn-
ing business.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I wait for the morning
business, I shall not get it up. This bill has to
go back to the House of Representatives in order
to be revised by them, as there are many amend-
ments to it. It is not amatterthatanygentleman
cares anything about, except to have the routes
in for his State. I ask for the present considera-
tion of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the post route bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 389) to establish certain post routes, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendments reported
by the Post Office Committee of the Senate will
be first considered. Those are printed in italics.
If any gentleman has any desire to have them
read, they may bo. They only consist in adding
new post routes to what the House have put in,
as requested by different gentlemen of the Senate.
Then two or three have been made up since the
bill was reported, which the committee wish to
have added, which are in writing here. I desire
the shortest possible mode taken that can be taken
consistently with our rules. I suppose gentlemen
have no objection to the amendments. They are
nothing but post routes added to those that the
House inserted.
Mr. SHERMAN. No general legislation ?
Mr. COLLAMER. No legislation whatever
except in one thing. The only general legislation
there is in the bill is an amendment proposed by
the committee at the request of the Department,
to add a new section providing that the Postmaster
General shall be authorized to fix the salaries of
special agents in the Post Office Department, em-
ployed tempoiarily, at any sum less than the
amount now fixed by law. In the reestablishing
of post offices in the South as we get along, he
employs special agents, and ho thinks he can em-
ploy them for a less sum than the law fixes as
salary now, and this authorizes him to do it. That
is the only general legislation in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to dispense with the reading of the bill in
detail ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be taken if there bo no objection. The Chair hears
no objection. The Secretary will read all the
amendments reported by the committee, and the
question will be taken on all of them together,
unless exception shall be made. Senators can ex-
cept any they please for a separate vote.
The Secretary read the amendments of the com-
mittee, as follows:
In^eit after line three:
California:
From San Juan to New Idiia; from San Diego, via Santa
Isabel, toBuena Vi^ta; fiom San Diego, via Sun Liii-Rey,
San Juan Oapi>tiano, and Anaheim, to the city of Los An-
geles; from Chioo to Humbug Valley; fiom" Quincev to
Richmond ; from Cuison, Nevada Tci moty, to Auiora, Cal-
itouua; from Lancha Plana, via Poveity Ear, Jcnnv Lmd,
l>i ushvillc, Salt Spnng Valley, Coppciopohs and JetFei?on-
ville, to Sonora.
Jnseit alter line toitv. as additional routes in Indiana :
Fion^ Wabash, via Mdie> and Mount Veinon. to Som-
eioet; fiom Bremen, via Ilepton and MiUtown, to Etna
Green ; tioin Clatk's Ihll. via Jefferson, to Frankfoit; from
Attica, via Rob Roy, Coal Creek. Steam Corner, Harris-
Imur, WiI'ihtV Mills, and Sylvania, to Annapoh--: from
Kolvomo, via Stanton and Eivin, to Poplat Grove.
In.<eit attei line smy-hoven, as an additional route in Il-
linois, '• fiom Mokiua, \ia Iladloy, to Gooding Gieen."
Insei f nfls'i hne eighty-eight. an additional routes in low a:
Fiom Coiydon toOeeoIa; from thecin ofMcGie«oi, via
Elkader and Volga City, to Strawberry Point; finm Doige-
villo, via Morning Sun. Vngmia Giove, and Cairo, to Co- i
lumbus City; from Independence, via Brandon, to Vinton;
from Clayton to McGiegor; from Atranto, via Stacyville
and Wentworth, to Saratoga; from Charles City, via Rock-
ford, Mason City, Chapin, Gnldfield, and Eagle Grove, to
Fort Dodge ; from Glen wood, Iowa, to Nebraska City, Ne-
braska Territory; from Wavurly to Shell Kock ; from Dal-
inanutha to Guthrie Centre; from Hooks' Point to Web-
ster City; from Brooklyn toAskalusa; fiom Cedar Falls
to New Hampton; from Des Moines to Magnolia; from
Des Moines, Iowa, to St. Joseph" Missouri; from Eddy-
vine, Iowa, to Nebraska City, Nebraska Territory; lrom
Eddyville to Des Moines; from VVaukon, via French
Creek, Union City, Winnebago, and Crooked Creek, to
Brownsville, Minnesota.
In line one hundred and eighteen, under the head of
"Kansas," stiike out " Missouri'' and insert " Mission"
before "Creek;" so as to make the item read, "fiom To-
peka, via Mission Creek, to Council Giove."
In line one hundred and thirty-four, under the head of
"Kentucky," strike out " Ilarrodsville" and insert " Har-
rodsburg," so as to make the clause read, " from Bryauts-
ville to Harrodsburg."
Insert after line one hundred and thirty-six, as an addi-
tional route in Kentucky, "lrom Lancaster to Ciah Or-
chard."
After line one hundred and thirty-nine, insert, as an ad-
ditional route in Maryland, "from Queenstown, via Wye
Mills and Hillsborough, to Denton."
After line one hundred and forty-three, as additional
routes in Maine:
From New Sharon to Farimngton; from Jonesport, via
Addison Point, to Columbia.
After line one hundred and seventy-seven, insert as addi-
tional mutes in Michigan:
From Ontonagon, Michigan, via Bay field, Wisconsin, and
La Point, to Superior, Wisconsin, during the opening of
navigation; from Shawamo, Wisconsin, via Stations one,
two, three, and font, to Kewenaw Bay, Michigan; fiom
Station four to Maiqucttc; fiom Station four to National,
(Minnesota Mine.)
After line one hundied and eighty-five, insert under the
head " Missouri
From Rochester, via Empire Pratrie, Douglass, Island
City, Mount Pleasant, and Hugginsville, to Smithton; from
Smithton, Missouri, to Mount Air, Iowa.
After line one hundred and ninety-nine, under the head
"Minnesota," insert:
From Mankato, Minnesota, via Leavenworth, Brown's
Crossings, Lake Shettek, and Brula Crossings, to Veimil-
lion, Dakota Territory; fiom La Cie«cent, via Troy, Chat
field, Frankfoid, Giand Meadow, Mower City, Lansing,
Austin, and Albert Lea, to Winnebago City.
Atter hne two hundred and thirty-eight, insert as addi-
tional mutes in New York :
From Bainbndge, via Guilfoid Centre and Guilfoid, to
Norwich ; from Keio to Bolivar.
Insert, after line three hundred and eighty, as additional
loutes m Pennsylvania:
From CaMein-burg to Emlcnton; fiom Washington to
Rice's Landing.
Insert, after line three hundred and eighty-seven, under
the head " Wisconsin:"
Fiom Munched Post Oflice. via Monroe's Corner, in tiie
town of Erie to tin; village of Hartford ; fiom the village of
Barton. Washington county, to Bilhnan's Corners, lif the
town of WayiM; fiom Stingeon Bay, via Egg Harbor and
Fish Cicek, to Ephinim, in Don county ; from Avor.-a, Iowa
county, via the. village-; of Highland and Linden, to the eity
of Minei.il Point; fiom Barton to Eckel's Coineis, m the
town of Addison, in the county of Washington; lrom YV.i-
tertown, via Ixema, Concoid, and Farmxngton, to Johnson's
Creek, m Jefferson county.
After line four hundied and fifty three, insert as addi-
tional route* in Nebraska,:
From Brownsville, via Nemeha Citv, Monterey, Scott's.-,
Rodenberg'ss, and Middleburg,to Sabetha, in Kans>as; from
Falls City, via Geneva, Rode.nberg-'s, Scott's, and Long
Bianch. to Monteiev; fiom White Cloud, via Falls City
and Table Rock, to Beatuce; fiom Falls City, via Middie-
burg and Athens, to Pawnee City; from Fall- City,via Sa-
lem and Pawnee City, to Otos Agency, (Dennison ;) lrom
Aiago, via Falls City, to White Cloud, Kansas ; fiom Pet n,
via Biovvn&vUle, Nemeha City, and Falls City, to Afchs&on ;
from Brownsville, via Falls City, to Highland, Katuv^;
from Falls City to Hiawatha, Biown county, Kansas; fiom
Btownville,viaMonteievand FianUIin. (LongBranch po^t
office,) to Table Rock ; iroin Nebiaska'City, vn St. Fied-
erick and MeCluieS, to Table Rock; fiom Plattsmomh,
via Glendnle, Fountain Station, Snlt Creek, Lake Station,
Burnbill's, McCahe Station, McFarland's, O'Donneil's,
BraekettX Big Maitin's, Bissell, Mabine, and Junction
City, to Foit Kearney.
After line four hundied and seventy-nine, illicit as an ad-
ditional loute ixi New Mexico, "from Abiqui to Gailand."
After line live hundied, insert as an additional route in
Washington Teintory, "fiom Lewistown to Florence
City."
The amendments were agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike out the second section, in these
words:
Sfc. 2. Jiud J'C it farther enacted, That the Postnvtster
Geneia) is hereby authonzed to change the terminus of ex-
isting mail louten connecting with or intersecting railroads
when the po.-tal soiviee can he thereby improved.
And to insert 
Mr. COLLAMER. That is a mistake. The
second section stands, nnd the new section comes
in as scction three.
The Secretary read the following amendment,
proposed by the committee, as an additional scc-
tion:
Sec. 3. And be it furthei enacted. That the Postmaster
General be, and he b hereby, authorized to fix the {salaries
