THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
order of busings before the Senate is the bill that
was under consideration at the time the Senate
took a recess.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for that.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will con-
sent to allow this motion to be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regard it as perfectly idle
to attempt to act on that matter at this period of
the session. It seems to me a very strange pro-
ceeding. I hope we shall take up the bill which
is the regular order of business, and which is of
vital importance. Let us get through with that
first,
Mr. SUMNER. But my object is simply to
have this message of the President referred and
put in the train for action.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
the appropriate motion to get at the object he aims
at, to take up from the table the bill accompany-
ing the President's message, would he to postpone
the pending bill, which is Senate bill No. 394, and
all prior orders, with a view to Take up that sub-
ject.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator wishes merely
to refer it to the Committee on Finance, I will
withdraw the objection.
Mr. SUMNEit. That is ail I wish to do. I
merely wish to give it the best direction for speed.
I have no other object.
* Mr. SAULSRU'RY. I rise to a question of
order. The bill has been ordered to lie on the
table and be punted. Is it now in order to take
U TbV PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to take it up from tho fable. The order to print
dors not interfere with that motion.
Mr. SAULSEURY. 1 call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The mESWm'Vpro tempore. On this ques-
tion the yeas and nays are demanded. Those in
favor of taking the question by yeas and nays
will rise.
No members rose to sceond the call.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No member
.rising, the yeas and nays are not ordered
The motion to take up the message and bill was
agreed to.
ThePRESlDENTpro tempore. The question
now is on the motion to refer to the Comrmttee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
FIN Ah ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SUMNER. I now send a resolution to
the desk, which I wish to have read.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The bill be-
fore the Senate is Senate bill No. 394; but by com-
mon consent the resolution will be received and
rend for information.
The Secretary lend if, as follows;
Rcwlvedy That in oidei that the two Houses of Coiikic&s
may have time for the proper considcmtiQuof the message
ot'tlio President, and the accompanying bill for emancipa-
tion hi 11 if? tftntes, and tor the transacting other public bns-
iue*>s, the resolution fixing Wednesday,the iGth of July, lor
adjournment is hereby rescinded.
Mr. HALE. I object to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT? pro tempore. It lies over
under the objection. " *
1'IUNTiNG OF TAX BILL.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following resolu-
tion, which I ask to have considered now:
Raolnc'L That ten thousand copirs. in addition to tho,*e
winch have been ordeied, of lite tax bill, be published tor
distribution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent the resolution will be rcccived. it will
be referred to the Committee on Printing;.
Mr. OOOLITTLE. Before itgoes to the Com-
mittee on Printing, I should like to add as an
amendment j "and two thousand copies of the bill
to collect taxes in the insurrectionary districts."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator, that on a suggestion
to the committee they can report it as an amend-
ment. Under the rule the resolution goes to the
Committee on X^inting as it is presented by the
mover,
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the bankrupt bill, for the
purpose of allowing mo to move a few, mostly
verbal, amendments with a view of then moving
a postponement of the bill, and making it the spe-
cial order for an early day at the next session.
I will not ask for the consideration of it now, be-
cause I am satisfied it will not be worth while. I
merely wish to move a few amendments, and then
I shall move to postpone the bill, and to print it
as amended. *
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 324) to provide for the relief of honest
but unfortunate debtors, and the distribution of
their property among their creditors, by the estab-
lishment of a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States.
Mr. FOSTER. On page 2 of the bill, line
twenty-three, section two,after the word " same,'*
I move to insert the words " together with an ac-
curate inventory of his property, rights, and cred-
its of every name, kind, and description, and the
location and situation of each and every portion
thereof, stating what incumbrance, if any, exists,
on any part offchem."
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. FOSTER. On the 16th page of the bill,
section eleven, line nine, I move to strike out the
word " shall," and insert <f may."
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. FOSTER. In line ten, of the same section
and page, after the word "assignee,"! move to
insert" or assignees."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. In line twelve of the same sec-
tion and page, afier the word "if," I move to
insert the words " they shall neglect to choose
such assignee or assignees, or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. In line thirteen, of the same
section and page, I move to strike out the word
" additional."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. On the 20th page, section thir-
teen, line twenty-three, after tlie word " order,"
I move to insert the words " as soon as he shall
have been placed in funds for that purpose."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. On page 39, section twenty-
seven, I move to strike outullafter the word "that,"
in the first line, down to the end of the sixth line,
in the words " the filing of petition for adjudica-
tion in bankruptcy, either by a debtor in his own
behalf or by a creditor against a debtor, or the
issuing of an order by a judge of a State court in
the mannerprovided in section six, shall be deemed
and taken to bo the commencement of proceedings
in bankruptcy under this act;" so thatit will read,
"that the proceedings in all cases in bankruptcy
shall bo deemed matte is of record," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I now move that the bill be
printed as thus amended, and made the special
order for the second Monday in December next.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTINUANCE OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a resolution with
reference to the business of the Senate, which I
should hke to have adopted. I presume there will
be no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read
for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That all subjects before the {Senate at the close
of the piescnt se^ion, including those before committees,
s-hall be continued to the next -.et-t-ion, and shall then he
proceeded with in tho same manner as if no adjournment
of the Senate had taken place; and the papers which have
been refericd to the committees, and may be in then- pos-
sesion at the close of the s-Cb&ion, tohali be returned m
foimall.v to the Secietary, and bv hint restored to the com-
mittees when appointed at the next session.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps the words, " not
disposed of," should be "insetted uftei thewoid
" subjects."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
is in form anil substance the usual one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I suppose it
is right as it is.
The resolution was adopted.
REPORTS KKOJI COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill reported by the
Court of Claims for the relief of John H. Aulick,
with the opinion of the court in favor of the claim,
reported the bill (S. No. 396) for the relief John
H. Aulick; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. WILMOT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H.JEt. No.
327) for the relief of Sylvanus Burnham, reported
it without amendment, and that it ought not-to
pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 8) to renew and con-
tinue the pension allowed to Olivia W. Cannon,
reported it without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass.
"WILLIAM PATTON.
Mr. COWAN. I should Hke to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to call up a resolution
I offered a few days ago in relation to the pay of
General Patton.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Cowan on the 10th instant:
Resolvedj That in view of the long and faithful service
of William Patton as principal engrossing clerk of the Sen-
ate, his salary be continued to him from the 1st of Novem-
ber to the end of the fiscal year terminating on tiie 30th of
last month.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not vote for a prop-
osition to give a man pay who has rendered no
service, whom we have discharged from our ser-
vice, and that, too, for a period of some eight or
nine months. I do not wish to break up a quo-
rum; but I shall call for the yeas and nays rather
than see a resolution of this kind passed. [" Oh,
no."] I think the practice is a bad one. I would
not agree to it, no matterwho was to receive it. I
hope the Senator will let it go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the third reading of the resolution. As it
makes an appropriation, it requires three readings.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will object to its third
reading to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Aq objection
to its third reading carries it over.
- TITLES TO KANSAS INDIAN LANDS.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to whom the subject was „
referred, to report a joint resolution in relation to
a certain act concerning title to lands set apart for
the use of the half-breed Kansas Indians in Kansas
Territory, and it is necessary that there should
be immediate action upon it; for there may result
such a decision on the part of the Secretary of the
Interior, based upon ex parte testimony, as may
affect the titles of a great many persons. The
subject was under consideration by the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and they have directed me to
report this resolution. The resolution is to repeal
sections two and three of an act which was passed
in 1860, and also so much of the first section as
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to decide
who arc the heirs of deceased half-breed Indian
reservees. The committee were unanimous in
reporting the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider the joint resolution reported
by him from the Committee on Indian Affairs, at
the present time.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 98) to repeal and modify certain por-
tions of acts mentioned therein, was read twice by
its title, and considered as in Committee of the
■ Whole. It repeals sections two and three of the
act entitled "An act to settle the titles to certain
lands set apart for the use of certain half-breed
Kansas Indians, in Kansas Territory,"approved
May 26,1860, and so much of the first section as
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to decide
what persons are heirs to the deceased reservees
mentioned therein.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the title was
amended so as to read: " A joint resolution to re-
peal and modify certain poitions of an act men-
tioned therein."
