1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
me to say a word in reply to the gentleman from
Ohio. 1 lcnow, if my amendment be adopted,
some change will have to be made in the ma-
chinery of the bill, or rather some of the ma-
chinery of the bill will have to be applied to carry-
ing out my amendment. That is an imperfect
answer to my amendment, if it is the only answer
which the Committee of Ways and Means have to
make. Itseems tomethatmyamendmentoughtto
be adopted, and that it oughtto lie adopted at this
time, or at some other time during the progress of
the consideration of this bill, when the attention of
the committee is given to this important subject.
Itis an important subject. It isimportanttoNew
England. As the bill now stands it makes the
workshops of that section of the country pay one
fourth of the tax it levies. That, sir, is unjust,
and before you proceed to tax some other or any
other class of property enumerated in this sched-
ule, it seems to me we ought to pass upon this
question, for there is not a single article named in
this bill which will not be affected by the princi-
ple contained in this bill, if the principle con-
tained in the bill, as it now stands, is correct, it
still ought to be modified by the adoption of the
amendment, I suggest, in order that wo may not
tax the manufacture more than its just propor-
tion, and that the materials entering into manu-
factures may not be taxed more than the bill pro-
poses to tax it. I desire the attention of the com-
mittee to this principle of taxing the sales of all
property, so that all property may be taxed, in-
cluding cotton, coal, and other kinds of property.
The ordinary principle of taxation is that prop-
erty shall not be taxed more than once, and, there-
fore, if there are any sales by middle men, such
sales shall not bo taxed; and so, if we are to tax
manufactures, we ought to exempt from taxa-
tion the elements which enter into manufactures.
Property is to be taxed but once by this amend-
ment, and that as it comes to the consumer, and
then the consumer shall pay the tax. It seems to
me that a proposition so just should recommend
itself to the committee, arid that it deserves to be
adopted.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Horton] sug-
gests that 1 do not expect that the proposition
will be adopted. Sir, I do not offer any propo-
sition here which I do not desire to have adopted.
1 oiler no proposition here, 1 advocate no propo-
sition here, and I trust [ never shall, unless I be-
lieve it to lie right. I certainly should not have
presented a proposition of this cbarat'trr to this
committee at this tune unless I believe it to be right
and unless 1 desired it to be adopted. I know it
is hard to press a matter upon this committee
which has not received the approbation of the
Committee of Ways and Means, but it seems to
me that the bill which they have presented to the
House contains so ninny deformities upon its face,
ifit is permitted to pass to our constituents as they
have brought it to us, that it will receive their dis-
approbation, and I fear that its effect upon the
country will be very different from what the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means suppose it, will be.
I propose lo vote for the bill which the House
shall agree upon. I do not propose to offer any
factious opposition to any system of taxation. I
would not, if it weie in my power to do so, relieve
one of my constituents of a single buiden which
justice and ecpiily lequire shall be. imposed upon
them. I would rather, by far, that they should
bear more than their proportion of the buidens of
this war, than that they should be relieved from
an undue pioportion of them. I believe, sir, 1 rep-
lesent theii feelings when I say that.
Mr. LOVKJOY. J have no doubt the gentle-
man is entirely sincere in his views upon the sub-
ject; but that has nothing to do with the correct-
ness of them. Men are very sincere in erroneous
opinions.
1 want to say that I think the statement of the
gentlenian upon the Committee of Ways and
Means is coi rect-—that this is entirely a new pi in-
cipie, and that although it may be good by way
of a substitute for the bill, it is certainly a very
poor amendment to the bill, and that we had better
go through tins bill upon the principle upon which
we have started, and then, if a tax upon sales is
the best way, we can adopt that as a substitute
for the entiie bill.
As to the manufacturer bearing this taxation,
it is a very great mistake. They who manufac-
ture an article primarily pay the tax, buttheeon-
sumer is ultimately taxed, and he lias to pay the
tax. There is no question about that. 1 hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I withdraw my first amend-
ment, and now move to amend by striking out the
last two words. I move the amendment for the
purpose of answering the gentleman from Illinois.
The gentleman says that the consumer ultimately
pays this tax. That proposition is an exceed-
ingly erroneous one in my judgment. It is true
that the cost of production is an element which
enters into the selling: price of an article, but there
are so many speculative causes, so many other
causes which intervene to affect the price, that the
cost of production is sometimes not even the prin-
cipal element which enters into the selling price.
For instance, you may take brown cotton goods,
which are used for printing purposes. Last De-
cember they cost something like nine and a half
cents a yard. Now, three weeks ago they might
have been purchased for something like iifty per
cent. less. Now, when a person who printed his
goods, which were bough tat nine and a half cents,
undertakes to sell them now, is the original cost
the element which regulates the selling price ? Not
at all. Subsequent events which have intervened
reduce the selling price.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What was the price of those
goods a year ago ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not know. I think
perhaps four and a half or five cent? a yard. I am
obliged to the gentleman for asking the question,
because it shows how (he market fluctuates be-
tween the time of purchasing the raw material
and the time when the manufactured ai ticle comes
mto the market.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 have no doubt that such
may be the case; but it docs not enter into the
calculation of the manufacturer when he manu-
factures the article.
Air. ENGLISH. While I agree with the mo-
tives of th<> gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
SnnFFiEi.n] in offering his amendment, at the
same time lam not in favor of allowing it to come
in at this stage of the bill, and in the proposed
manner. I do hope that the committee will en-
tertain, at the proper time, some proposition sim-
ilar in its nature to the one proposed by the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island. I do not lavor that
piopoMiion because I happen to come from New
England. Looking at the bill before the Hon.su,
1 hope I shall comprehend it, and I hope other
gentlemen will, as a gieat national measure in-
tended to afleet all the interest1') of the country;
and i believe the Committee of Ways and Means
have had that object in view, and that they de-
sired to make this bill bear as equally as possible
upon every interest of the countiy, although, at
the same time, they have made some exceptions
distasteful to those who represent those sections
of country to which those exceptions apply.
It is true that we of New England arc a man-
ufacturing people. It ih also ttue that three fourths
of the amount to be laised under the bill is to be
raised trom the manufacturers of the whole coun-
try; not from those of New England alone, for I
legai d the manufacture of whisky at the West as
much a manufacture as is the manufacture of cot-
ton in New England.
But if gentlemen will turn to the statement made
by .i member of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. M okkili,] when he presented this
bill to tiie House, they will find that more than
sixty millions of dollars of this contemplated tax
is to be raised upon the manufacturing interests.
The committee estimate that $30,000,000 is to be
laised under the provision which levies a tax of
three per cent., and that is about one third of the
entire amount to be raised under the bill. The
objection to that is this: it assesses three per cent,
upon the entire manufactures of the country, and
the gentleman from Illinois says that will be paid
by the consumers. In some instances they will,
it the bill is passed. But that will not apply to
manufactures generally, for the reason that three
per cent, is not enough to affect the price of the
manufactured article, except in a veiy few cases,
indeed. There is no gentleman connected with
manufactures at all who does not know that three
per cent, added to the price of the raw material
does not raise the price of the manufactured arti- ,
cles, except where the raw matci ia! approximates !
veiy nearly to the value of the manufactured ar- |
ticle. Take the great manufacturing interests of I
the country generally, and three per cent, upon
the price of the raw material will never be assessed
in the value of the goods. It comes out of the
manufacturers, and the manufacturers, to escape
from paying it, will do what? They will reduce
the price of the wages of the workmen. It will
actually come out of the laboring men of the coun-
try. So far as I have any interest in manufac-
tures—and it is small—I would prefer a tax of five
or ten per cent, to three, because then it will be
more likely to be added to the cost of the fabric.
For instance: a man who manufactures shoes in
Massachusetts and sells them now at one dollar,
will he add the three per cent, and sell them at
$1 03? No, sir. There is no such thing as as-
sessing this tax of three per cent, upon the man-
ufactured articles of the country generally.
Hence I propose that when we reach the proper
point the gentleman from Rhode Island will be
prepared to offer some general measure to meet
this case.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the seventy-
third section in the fifth line, by inserting after the
word " consumption" the words, " or for deliv-
ery to others."
The CHAIRMAN. There are now two pend-
ing propositions, one from the Committee of Ways
and Means, and the other by the gentleman from
Rhode Island.
Mr. HORTON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Chairman, it may be
proper, in this stage of the bill, to state the prin-
ciples which have influenced the committee in ar-
ranging its details.
The whole subject was carefully considered in
the sub-committee, of which I was a member.
i^After much deliberation, it was decided to put
' a large duty on liquors and tobacco, as articles
that were considered by all to be luxuries, and by
many the use of them is deemed to be deleterious,
if not vicious. It was also decidt d to put a duty
on manufactures, in the belief that such a duty,
judiciously arranged, would operate like duty on
imported goods, as a tax upon the consumer, and
not as a burden upon the manufacturer; that it
was simply making the manufacturer the instru-
| ment through whom the Government should col-
| lect from the people at large the additional rev-
'I enue required by the Government.
i I notice that this proposed duty on manufac-
i turea has been referred to as unjust towards the
j manufacturers; it is stated that while the matni-
j laeturer is thus taxed, no corresponding burden
j is imposed on the farmer, the merchant, and many
I otheis.
! If this view is a correct one, our legislation here-
tofore in regard to the collection of revenue has
always been unjust,for while we have taxed im-
porters of foreign merchandise twenty, thirty, and
m some cases more than fifty or even a hundred
per cent, on their importations, all other classes
of merchants and the manufacturers and farmers
have been free from such taxation.
Rut this is an absurdity, for it is well under-
stood that the duty imposed on foreign merchan-
dise is not a tax on the importer; it is simply an
item in the cost of an article imported, and is al-
ways expected to be added to the price which the
consumer is to pay for that article. And so, too,
j| with the duty which this bill proposes on manu-
facturers; it is not a tax on the manufacturer, but
will be added to the price, as one of the items of
the cost of the manufactured article, to be paid
by the consumer. It is, like the duties paid on
importations, a tax on consumers, but cannot,
in any sense, be considered a tax on the manu-
facturers.
Who has ever supposed the tax in Great Britain,
of one thousand per cent, or more imposed on
| distilled liquors and tobacco, to be a tax on the
dealers in those articles ? Itis quite the contraiy;
and liquor dealers and tobacconists are among
the most flourishing and wealthy traders m that
kingdom. Your law imposing a duty of twenty
cents a pound on tea is equal to more than one
hundred per cent, on the cost in China of much
of the tea imported, and is fully equal to a hun-
dred per cent, on the average cost of the whole
importations of the past ten years. Have any
iomonstrances been presented from the importers
ot tea for tins grievous tax upon them? No,
sir; it is understood to be an item in the cost of
the tea imported; that it is a tax on the consumer,
