1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
LETTERS OF MARQUE.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to take up the bill
(S. No. 393) concerninglettersof marque, prizes,
and prize goods.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt the expediency of
proceeding to the consideration of that iSll with a
Senate like this, so thin; perhaps there is not a
quorum present. There are Senators absent who
I have reason to believe take great interest in the
bill. It is a very important one. I hope the Sen-
ator from Iowa will let it go over until to-morrow
morning, when there will be a full Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I am desired by those who feel
a deep interest in this subject to get it passed as
speedily as possible, if it passes at all.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
press it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes the President of the United
States, whenever war exists, or has been declared
between the United States and any other nation,
to issue to private vessels of the United States,
commissions or letteis of marque and general re-
prisal in such form as he may think proper, and
under the seal of the United States, against the
vessels, goods, and effects ofa nation or govern-
ment so at war with the United States, and the
subjects and citizens thereof; and the President is
also authorized to revoke and annul at pleasure
all such commissions 01 letters of marque so by
him granted. The conduct, rights, duties, and
mode of proceeding, and regulations of letters of
marque, their prizes and prize goods, are to con-
form and be subject to the provisions of the act of
Congress approved on the 26th day of June, 1812,
entitled "An act concerning letters of marque,
prizes, and prize goods;"and the act of Congress
approved on the 27th day of January, 1813, enti-
tled " An act in addition to the act concerning
letters of marque, prizes, and prize goods," which
are to be so far revived and declined operative
and in force for that purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and to insert what I send to
the Chair as a substitute for the whole bill:
Tliat the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized, during the continuance of the present
insurrection, to giant lcUeisot maique and reprisal, and the
provisions ot tiie act of Congress, approved on the k2Gth day
of June,1812, entitled "An act concerning letters oi maique,
prizes, and prize goods," and of the act of Confess ap-
proved on the 27th day of January, 1813, entitled '• An net
in addition to the act concerning letters of marque, prizes,
and prize goods," aie hereby revived and shall be m force
in lelation to all that part of the United States where the
inhabitants have been declared in a state of insurrection,
and the vessels and property to them belonging.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator from Iowa
be good enough to give us a statemen t of the pur-
pose of the bill and explain its character?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; I can explain it so far
as 1 think it needs any explanation. It is merely
a revival of the act specified in the bill, approved
on the 26th of June, 1812, entitled "An act con-
cerning letters of marque, prizes,and prize goods,"
and the actapproved on the 27 th of January, 1813,
entitled "An act in addition to the act concerning
letters of marque, prizes, and prize goods," which
were in force during the pendency of our war with
Great Britain, during the years 1812-13. It simply
authorizes the President of th« United States, if
he sees fit during the pendency of the present
insurrection, to issue letters of marque; in other
words, to authorize privateers to interfere with the
commerce or the war veseels of those who are in
insurrection against the Government. The Sen-
ator perhaps may be aware that at this time there
are some ten or twelve valuable iron steamers lying
at Bermuda, Nassau, and at other points in the
vicinity of the West Indies, under the British Hag,
but prepared at any time, whenever they can see
a favorable moment, to haul down that flag and
raise the confederate flag. Although we have a
very largo armed Navy afloat, which is necessary
in order to keep up an efficient blockade for sev-
eral thousand miles, yet the fact tiiat these steam-
ers arc there, and seeking a favorable moment to
elude the watchfulness of those who are sent there
"to watch them, has crippled the energies of the
Navy elsewhere. The purpose of this bill, as I
understand it, is to authorize the Government to
giant letters of maique to private individuals, that
they may, ifthey seefit,interestthemselvesenough
in the .capture of these prizes to undertake the
work.
Mr. SUMNER. If I understand the Senator,
from Iowa, the bill is directed exclusively at those
who are engaged in supporting the insurrection.
Mr. GRIMES. It says so in its terms.
Mr. SUMNER. That is, the bill which the
Senator now moves as a substitute for the other
bill ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it is a widely different
bill from the one to which it is moved as a substi-
tute; and if it is agreeable to the Senate, I should
like to have it read again. The Secretary read it
with some little difficulty, and I should like to
hear it read through from beginning to end.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa, who reported this biil, if his in-
formation is such as to induce him to think that
by legalizing this business, which certainly is
somewhat repugnant to the present spirit of the
age, we can get along any better in destroying
the commerce of the rebels than we can by
armed vessels of the United States; and whether,
in his view, if we legalize this business again,
and turn loose upon the ocean a large number ot
piivaleers, those privateers will not be moie likely
to get us into difficulty with foreign nations than
to do any real, practical good, over and above
that which can be accomplished by armed vessels
of the United States? I must confess I do not
like this system of privateering; and especially do
I not like it unless it be actually necessary to de-
stroy the commerce of the enemy. If I under-
stand our position, the ports of the sou them States
are blockaded, and really there cannot be much
object in sending privateers upon the ocean to in-
teifeie with a commerce that we have declared
docs not exist—a commerce which, by our rigid
blockade, is almost exclusively, if not entirely,
destroyed. I may be mistaken, but 1 really have
some fears that if these privatecis are sent broad-
cast over the ocean, they may involve us in some
serious difficulties with the commerce of other
nations; and I should like to have this bill very
carefully guarded now, if it shall pass at all. I
do not like the business of privateering; and if it
could be abolished by the civilized nations of the
earth, I, for one, would vote most cheerfully to
do so. It is exactly the same as legalizing plun-
der in any other way. Weak nations have been
compelled to resort to it, and in ail probability
will hereafter be compelled to resort.to it for their
own protection against stronger Poweis; but itis
a business that the civilized woild at the present
time more or less condemns.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Missouri
had asked me for my individual opinion, and I
had given it to him, he would find that it very
much coincides with that which he has expressed;
and in introducing this bill, I am not representing
myself or my own opinions, but the opinions, as
I understand them, of the Administration, who
desire to have this power to exercise it, if an
emergency arises, which in their judgment will
justify them in exercising it. If I had the power, I
would abolish all privateering, and rely upon the
armed vessels of my Government to defend my
Government. I think one of the greatest political
errors that was ever perpetrated by the Govern-
ment of the United States was the rejection of the
proposition of the Paris treaty; but it was rejected;
and now when we have proposed to come in and
become a part of it, it is understood that wc have
i been repelled. We therefore have the authority to
' use privateers. I understand it to be the fact that
those in whose discretion the Government is now
placed desire this privilege if an emergency should
arise; and I am willing to trust them, if such a
case should occur, to exercise it; but I am very
much of the same opinion as the Senator from
Missouri in regaid to the whole subject in the
abstract.
Mr. POWELL. I will move that this bill be
' postponed until to-morrow, and printed. It seems
, to me to be a matter of importance, and 1 should
i like to examine <t.
li Mr. HALE. It is printed.
j1 Mr. POWELL. The substitute of the Senator
!' from Iowa is not printed.
li The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
printed, a£ a matter of.course, under the general
rule, and will not require a special motion. The
Senator from Kentucky moves to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not object to its postpone-
ment; but I am against the bill. I think it is an
unwise measure at this time for this reason: pri-
vateering is generally to operate upon the com-
merce of the enemy; the enemy with whom we
are at war have no commerce; and there is no
necessity, it seems to me, of authorizing such a
measure as this at this time. The Administration
do not want it so much as to make any formal
communication to Congress, as I understand, in
favor of it. I think it had better be postponed
until the next session of Congress, in December
next. It seems to me that at this time it would
be a most unwise and most dangerous experiment,
liable to all the dangers that have been suggested
by the Senator from Missouri, and I move that
the further consideration of the bill be postponed
until the next session of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would be better to
agree to the first motion, to postpone until t'o-mor-
row, and let it be printed.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I withdrawit for that
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to -postpone the bill until to-moriow.
The motion was agreed to.
CONGRESSMEN INTERESTED IN CONTRACTS.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senate now to take
up and consider the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill of the Senate (No.
358) to prevent members of Congress and offi-
cers of the Government of the United States from
taking consideration for procuring contracts, of-
fice, or place from the United States, and for other
purposes. I merely wish to concur in the amend-
ments of the House. The House made a couple
of amendments, and then passed the bill unan-
imously.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the House
to the bill.
The amendments were in line five, to strike out
the word "give;" and in line thirteen, after the
word " whomsoever," to insert the following:
And the peison or pei^ons who shall directly or indirectly
offer, or astee to give, oi give or bestow any money? piop-
erty, or other valuable consideration whatsoever, tor the
procuring, or aiding to procure, any contract, office, or
place, as afoiesaid. and any member of Congress who t>hall
directly or indnectly take, receive, or agree to receive any
money, property, or othei valuable consideration whatso-
ever, after Jus election as such memboi, for Ins attention to,
service, action, vote, or decision, on any question, matter,
cause, or proceeding which may then be pending, oi may
by law, or under the Constitution of the United States, be
brought before him in his olhcial capacity, or in his place
of trust and profit, as such member ot Congress.
The PRESIDENT* pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments of the House
of Representatives to this bill.
The amendments were concurred in.
ALTERATION OF TIIE SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. HALE. I wish to move that the committee
appointed on the ventilation of the Hall have leave
to report at the next session of Congress. In ex-
planation of the motion,! will say that the architect
with whom we wanted to consult has been absent
from the city almost ever since the committee has
been appointed, and is now absent. We do not
ask leave to sit m the lecess or incur any expense,
but simply to report at the next session, so that
we may have the benefit of consulting with the
architect during the vacation and submitting Ins
plans at that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The committee
unquestionably have that power without a special
vote.
Mr. HALE. I understood differently; but if
that is so I am content.
LAND OFFICE IN ST. LOUIS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No. 113,
concerning the closing of the office of the surveyor
general at St. Louis, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the biil referred to bythe Senator
from Missouri was postponed indefinitely on the
20th of May last. If so, it is not before the Senate.
