THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IT.
Mr, WRIGHT. The gentleman will allow me
to explain. I moved to increase the appropria-
tion in a particular that I regarded of paramount
importance,jond not as a question of general prin-
ciple.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think I under-
stand the gentleman. Having a^ked for and failed
to obtain what he regards of paramount import-
ance, namely, an increased- appropriation to his
own State, he is ready to strike down the whole
bill.
Now, a word in relation to the fortification at this
particular point—the Tortugas, Florida. Every
gent\e\nan in the House knows that that is per-
haps the most important fortification that we have
in the. entire country; it is the key to the whole
commerce of the Gulf. I do not think it neces-
sary to say anything more than merely to bring
that.fact before the House, in order to have them'
arrive at a correct decision.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question wag taken on Mr. Watts's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and theSpeaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Ashley reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly a bill (H. R. No. 156) making
appropriations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending the 30th of Juno, 1862, and had in-
structed him to report the same back to the House
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved the pre-
vious question on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COX called for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED DILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act in
relation to the letters of sailors and marines in
the service of the United States; and a joint reso-
lution declaratory of the purpose of Congress to
impose a tax; when theSpeaker signed the same.
INCOME AND OTHER TAXES.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to provide additional
revenues for defraying the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, and maintaining the public credit by the
collection of an income tax, poll and stamp taxes,
and duties on liquors, manufactures, railroad pas-
sengers, tonnage, and other internal duties; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move that this
bill be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from California whether he thinks it worth
while to ask for the printing of the bill. There
are several other bills on the same subject pend-
ing before the^Committee of Ways and Means,
and it is only incurring an unnecessary expense
to have them printed.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Vermont, and to the House,
that I have spent very considerable time, and given
much labor and attention to the preparation of tins
bill; and I have a hope that some portion of it at
least will meet the approval of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I therefore think that it will
pay to have it printed.
The bill was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
COAST SURVEY.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he directed
to report to this House the amount paid duiing the fiscal
year ending June 30,1861, on account of the Coast Survey,
embracing under appropriate heads the various classes of
expenditure, including, by items, the cost of the purchase,
hire, construction, repairs, and maintenance of vessels; the
purchase and repair of instruments, room rent, office ex-
penses, and the contingent charges connected therewith ;
the salaries, pay, wages, and names of all officers and em-
ployes, whether civilians engaged in the work or officers
of the Army and Navy, and petty officers and men of the
Navy employed on the work, with the particular service
perfoirncd ; traveling expenses and all other chaiges what-
soever connected with the Coast Survey service, whether
paid from the appiopriation directly applicable to such ser-
vice, or from other souices.
CONTRACT FOR ARMY HORSES.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am directed by the special committee on
Army contracts to offer a resolution, and to ask
for its adoption.
Mr. EDWARDS. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Indiana inform the Chair whether that special
committee is authorized to report at any time?
Mr. HOLMAN". It is.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman's reso-
lution is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN thereupon, from the special
committee on Government contracts, reported the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to: 4
Rcsolvtd, That the Secretary of War be directed to eom-
muntcate to the House a copy of the contract for the pur-
chase ofthe horses for Colonel Williams's legiment of Penn-
sylvania cavalry, now in the State of Kentucky.
CONTRACTS FOR ARMS.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, also from the
same committee, icported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee on contracts be in-
structed to inquire into two several orders or contracts made
with J. P. Fitch, dated, one August X4, and one August 30,
1861, for fifty thousand and twenty-five thousand Enfield
rifles ; and to report to tho House whether such contracts, or
either of them, have been extended, renewed, or changed,
or whether any contracts with such Fitch alone, or with
others, sull ox'ist; whether such contracts have been sold,
or held, or offeied for sale, and whether any person is in-
terested m any of said contracts ; and if so, who.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. EDWARDS. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the fuither consideration of House bill No.
114, and that the same be taken up at this time,
and put upon its passage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the Speaker
whether this proposition is made under the rules
of the House?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; it can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I insist upon the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports, begin-
ning with the Committee on Private Lund Claims.
INTERCOURSE WITH THE INDIANS.
Mr. EDWARDS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back, with an amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, a bill
(H. R. No. 186) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate trade and intercourse with the In-
dian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontier,"
approved June 30, 1834.
The bill provides that the twentieth section of
the act approved June 30,1834, " to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre-
serve peace on the frontier," shall be so amended
as to provide that if any person shall sell, ex-
change, give, barter, or dispose of any spirituous
liquor or wine to any Indian, or shall introduce,
or attempt to introduce, any spiritous liquor or
wine into the Indian country, such person shall,
on conviction thereof before the proper district
court of the United States, be imprisoned for not
exceeding two years, and fined in not more than
$300; provided, however, that it shall be* a suffi-
cient defense to any charge of introducing or at-
tempting to introduce liquor into tho Indian coun-
try, if it be proved to be done by order of the
War Department, or of any officer duly author-
ized thereto by the War Department. And if any
superintendent of Indian affairs, Indian agent, or
sub-agent, or commanding officer of a post, shall
believe or be informed that any white person or
Indian is about to introduce, or has introduced,
spirits or wine into the Indian country, it shall
be lawfulfor himtocause the boats,stores,pack-
ages, wagons, sleds, and places of deposit of such
person to be searched, and if any such liquor is
found therein, the same, together with tho boats,
teams, wagons, &c., used in conveying it, and the
goods of such person shall be seized and delivered
to the proper officers, and be proceeded against
by libel m the proper court. One half is to be for-
feited to the informer, and the other half to the use
of the United States. If such person be a trader
his license is to be revoked, and his bond put in
suit. It is moreover made lawful for any Indian
to take and destroy apy ardent spirits or wine
found in the Indian country, except such as may
be introduced therein by the War Department;
and in all cases arising under this act, Indians are
made competent witnesses.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Indian Affairs is to insert, after the word Indian,
in the first part of the bill, the words "under
charge of any Indian superintendent or Indian
agent appointed by the United States."
Mr. EDWARDS. The only purpose of the
amendment is to describe the Indians in respect
to whom the bill shall be operative. The bill pro-
vides that the sale of spirits to any Indian shall
subject the seller to certain punishment. The'
amendment restricts that term " Indian," so as to
confine it to Indians under the charge of superin-
tendents and agents appointed by the United
States. It is not to apply to Indians in the States,
where the laws of the States are sufficient to pro-
tect them. That is the whole object of the amend-
ment.
3V{r. COX. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that there
is very stringent legislation now against selling
liquor to the Indians. I do not know what partic-
ular reason there is for this new legislation ; and I
hope the intelligent gentleman from New Hamp-
shire will give us some reasons for this legislation
now.
Mr. EDWARDS. The twentieth section of the
act regulating trade and intercourse with the In-
dians prohibits, with all the penalties that are
therein set forth, the sale of liquors to the Indians
in the Indian country; but it has been found that
the ldw is evaded by the sale of liquor to Indians
outside of the Indian country, and gear the lines.
Therefore the law, as it now stands, is not effect-
ive, and the whole object of this bill is to so modify
the law as that those who sell spirits to Indians on
the frontier ofthe Indian country will be subject
to the penalties of the bill, just the same as if they
sold spirits within the lines of the Indian country.
I suppose, sir, there can be no objection to the
bill, or to the amendments, which aie introduced
only for the purpose of saving the Indians which
still remain in the settlements in the old States,
and who are not under superintendents or agents
of the United States, from the effect of this Uni-
ted States law. I trust the bill will bo passed;
and I suppose it is not necessary that further time
should be spent in discussion upon the subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will my venerable friend
from New Hampshire inform me why he ex-
pressly mentions wine when speaking of spiritu-
ous liquors, and does not include malt liquors ?
Mr, EDWARDS. Wine is included in the
law as it now stands, and I do not propose to go
further.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman whether it would not be better to amend
the bill so as to include malt liquors?
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not think it is neces-
sary. I move the previous question.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gentle-
