1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
. Sir, I have been at a loss to know why, when
■ the products of the soil and alf those sources of
material wealth which are hidden beneath the sur-
face of the earth arc exempted from taxation under
this bill and from the burdens which belong to
them, in some cases at least, equally as much as
to the manufacturing industry of the country, these
burdens should all be transferred to the latter. It
seems to me that there is no reason why this should
be so; and while the constituency -which I repre-
sent and the people of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent have no desire to escape
their just and equitable portion of this tax, and
while they have manifested from the beginning of
the existing hostilities up to the presen t hour every
disposition to contribute by men and means to the
full extent of their obligation to the carrying on
of this war, and are desirous to do so to the end,
yetldo not think they should be expectcd, much
less compelled, to assume an unjust and unequal
portion of these burdens, or to take upon their
shoulders that part which belongs to some other
section of the country.
Now, sir, my friend and colleague says that the
tax which is imposed upon the manufacturers of
the country is not a tax upon the manufacturers
themselves, because it comes from the consumers
in the end. Well, sir, I know that that is the
principle upon which the bill has been framed. I
know very well that that is the idea which was
suggested to us, but I behove it to be entirely fal-
lacious as a maxim for universal application. It
is perfectly true that, in some instances, the tax
which is imposed upon manufactured articles does
come out of the consumers, but it is equally true
that in a great number of cases the tax imposed
upon manufactured articles does not and cannot
come out of the consumers.
The gentleman asks me for nn illustration. I
will premise that by saying that demand and sup-
ply are elements entering into the price of articles,
m well as their cost. It is notsufficient that yon
add to the cost of an article with the expectation
of deriving that additional cost from the consumer,
unless there be a scarcity of the article in tho mar-
ket. If the quantity of goods in the market is
greater than the demand, or just equal to the de-
mand, you cannot enhance Hie price of that article
so long as that condition of things remains un-
changed. Therefore, I say that the question of
the tax coming out of the consumer depends not
simply on the cost hut on other elements, namely,
on demand and supply.
[flore the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to say
a few words further.
Mr* SHEFFIELD. As the gentleman's col-
league [Mr. Hooper] was permitted to go on after
the expiration of his five minutes, I hope the same
privilege will be granted to the gentleman, [Mr.
itlce.)
There was no objection.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Suppose that it
be admitted, for the sake of argument, that the tax
does come out of the consumer in the end—although
I do not admit that as a fact of universal applica-
tion—1 want to know what authority this Con-
gress has, or what authority any department of
this Government has, to impose on one class of the
citizens of the country the responsibility and labor
ofcollecting from the people the enormous tax pro-
vided for in the bill? This bill provides for thy
organization of an army of officeholders who are
to be paid a very laige percentage for the collection
of the taxes imposed by it. And yet gentlemen
tell us that, after all, this tax is not to be collected
by this army of officeholders but by the manufac-
turers of the country.
Now, that is not the whole of it. It is not only
putting the burden of collection on the manufac-
turers, but it also compels them to guaranty the
taxes imposed ou the articles manufactured by
them-, and this Congress proposes to say to the
manufacturer, u pay this tax, and get it out of
the consumer if you can." Hut suppose the man-
ufacturer cannot get it out of the consumer, what
then ? The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Eng-
lish] has said very correctly and pertinently that
if this tax does come out of the manufacturer, and
if he fails to get it out of the consumer—as he will
fail in a great number of cases—there will be a re-
action in the mind of the manufacturer, and he will
seek, by lessening the cost of production, to avoid
a portion of that burden which would otherwise
fall upon him. The onus is thereby laid, at one
further remove, on the laboring classes of the coun-
try, on those who earn their bread by the sweat of
their brow.
My colleague instances an analogy between the
duty on imported articles and the duty on articles
of domestic manufacture. I was a little surprised
to hear that suggestion come from a gentleman of
such acknowledged business experience and of
such intelligence as my colleague unquestionably
possesses; for it seems to me that there is a clear,
palpable, and well-defined distinction between im-
ported articles and articles of domestic produce,
in respect to the operation of a tax. If I am look-
ing across the water for articles to be imported
and made the subject of sale, it is a matter of com-
paratively small importance whether there be a
duty imposed upon them or not; because, when
I make my investment, or when my ship arrives,
I may add that to the cost, unless the market be
glutted. If the latter be the case in respect to one
cargo, what is my remedy ? Why, I will turn that
cargo to the best possible advantage, and will im-
port more, or not, according as there may be
promise of profit. If there be a loss at all, it is
simply a loss on one cargo, or on the stock which
I have on hand. But how different is the case in
regard to articles of domestic manufacture. I may
have $50,000, or £100,000, or $500,000 invested in
a manufactory designed for the creation of articles
of domestic manufacture and domestic taxation.
What am 1 to do if there be an oppressive and
irreeoveiable internal tax laid on the articles of
manufacture which I produce ? I can dispose of
the quantity which I have on hand, to be sure;
but what am I to do with my investment, if it be
no longer profitable to manufacture these articles?
What am I to do with the pursuit to which I have
been educated all my life—with that pursuit to
which I have devoted all the energies of my ex-
istence, so far as they have been given to a tem-
poral pursuit? More than all, what am I to do
with the five hundred or one thousand men and
families who have planted themselves around this
-manufactory, and who look to it for their daily
bread? it seems to me, sir, that there is a clear
and manifest distinction between a duty imposed
on articles imported and on articles of domestic
manufacture.
Now, sir, I hope that before we get through
with this delicate and onerous and complicated
subject some plan will be, in entire good faith and
entire good feeling, submitted to the House which
will command more universal assent among its
members than I fear the bill prepared by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will do. I further
hope, sir, that that result will be accomplished,
because 1 should esteem it to be one of the greatest
of all possible calamities if any measure adopted
by Congress should, in the present state of our
country, be sent forward to divide the sentiment
of the people of the country or to abate in one jot
or tittle that noble enthusiasm which now per-
vades the minds of the entire community in sup-
pressing this infernal rebellion and in furnishing
the money and the means necessary to accomplish
that object. Sir, we have seen some of the results
that have arisen from a divided public sentiment.
Let us, by no means, sow here the seeds of dis-
coid, which shall to-day or to-morrow or in any
future year, I will not say, lead to rebellion, be-
cause I do not believe that there is any northern
community that would rise up in rebellion against
this Government; but, sir, I say let us plant no
seeds of disaffection which shall slacken the zeal
or lessen the love and enthusiasm of any man,
woman, or child in any part of the country in be-
half of the Government.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. With the consent of the
committee, I will withdraw my amendment. My
object has been accomplished by calling the atten-
tion of the committee to it. I will offer it again
in another form.
Mr. D1VEN also, with the consentof the com-
mittee, withdrew his amendment to the amend-
\ ment.
| The question was taken on Mr. Hooper's
amendment; and it was adopted.
Mr. LAW. I move to amend the seventy-third
section, by inserting after line eight the words
"on every ton of pig iron fifty cents." I offer
this amendment m good faith. I have looked over
this bill and have not seen the article of pig iron
mentioned in it at all. I know very well that in
an after part of this section there is a provision of
three per cent, ad valorem duty on the manufac-
tured article.
Mr. HORTON. The Committee ofWays and
Means has prepared an amendmenton the subject
of iron; and when we come to that the gentleman
from Indiana can move his proposition as an
amendment to it.
Mr. LAW. I think my amendment comes in
properly here.
Mr. HORTON. The Committee of Ways and
Means propose to offer an amendment at the one
hundred and thirty-sixth line, placing a duty on
railroad iron, bar iron, hoop iron, hollow ware,
and other descriptions of iron. The gentleman's
amendment will come in properly there.
Mr. LAW. This is a separate matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would beg to
submit, whether it would not be better to reserve
all amendments proposing taxes on articles not in-
cluded in the bill until the committee comes to the
close of the section ?
Mr. LAW. These items in the bill apply to
articles of manufactured iron, but not as 1 under-
stand upon thl original article, and that is the
reason why I introduced this amendment here.
The question may be for the committee to decide
whether the tax shall be laid upon iron in its man-
ufactured condition only, or whether it shall bo
taxed also in its original form as it comes from
the ore.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the amendment at the point to which the gentle-
man applies it, is in ordei; but the Chair thinks
it will certainly be better to offer these amend-
ments at the close of the section than at the com-
mencement.
Mr. LAW. I have no disposition to press this
amendment upon the committee against their will;
but we are to be taxed to death in the West, and
I want to provide, if I can, that other sections of
the country shall also bear a portion of the bur-
dens of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will submit
the question to the committee, whether amend-
ments proposing to add new paragraphs to the
section shall be offered at its close.
The question was put, and decided in the neg-
ative.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana will therefore be received.
MESSAGE FROM TILE PRESIDENT.
Thecommittee informally rose,and Mr. Noell
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, a
message, m writing, was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his
Private Secretary.
The message also announced that the President
had approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 148) to secure to the officers
and men actually employed in the western de-
partment, or department of Missouri, their pay,
bounty, and pension; and
An net (H. R. No. 279) to facilitate judicial
proceedings in adjudications upon captured prop-
erty, and for the better administration of the law
of prize.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
Mr. LAW. Now, Mr. Chairman, I presume
there never has been an instance in the history of
the country where a direct tax has been levied by
the Congress of the United States upon the peo-
ple of the United States from which the article of
pig iron has been excluded. It has always been
taxed. I have had occasion recently to look into
the action of Congress in former years upon this
subject, and I find that in the tax laid to meet the
expenses of the war of 1812, and in the law passed
in 1818 providing for continuing the taxes upon
the country for the purpose of liquidating the ex-
penses that had been incurred in the war of 1812,
this article of pig iron was heavily taxed.
In the act of Aptil 20, 1818, I find this provis-
ion:
" That from and aftci the 30th day of June, 1818, the
duties now levied hj* law, levied, collected, and paid on
iron in pi^s, iron castings, nails, on lion in bars and bolts,
excepting iion manutacuned by ioiiiu{?, and on alum im-
ported into the United States, shall ceat>e and determine j
and there shall be levied, collected, and paid in heu thereof
