1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mot
the seveial and specific duties hereinafter mentioned, that
is to say, on iron, in pigs, fifty ccnts per hundred weight."
Yes, sir, fifty cents per hundred weight upon
pig iron. I should like to know what my friends
from Pennsylvania would think of atax upon this
article of fifty cents per hundred weight, if they
object to the tax which I propose of fifty cents
per ton, I read again from the same law:
" On iron castings, seventy-five cent* per hundred weight;
011 nails, four cents per pound ; on spike*, throe cents per
pound; on iron in bars and bolts, manufaetmed without
rolling, seventy-five cents perhundred weight 5 on anchors,
two cents per pound; and on alum, two dollars per bun-
dled weight."
These, sir, would be considered as pretty heavy
taxes in these days. Now, sir, how stands this
matter in the bill? The Committee of Ways and
Means provide various rates of duty upon the
several descriptions of manufactured iron, but 1
do not understand that pig iron comes within or
is included in that definition. If it is, then I have
nothing to say, because the article which I pro-
pose is already taxed. But I understand that pig
iron is classed among the original articles, and is
not included among the articles which it is pro-
posed to tax.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have before me the re-
port of the pig iron produced in a single State,
taken from the census returns. I have not the
report of the products in the whole United States;
but I ask the committee just to look at the tax
which will be received from iron under the amend-
ment I have offered fiom the single State of Penn-
sylvania. The amount of pig iron produced in that
State is no less than five hundred and nineteen
thousand two hundred and forty-four tons, valued
at the immense amount of *$10,829,794; notacent
of which is taxed under this bill as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means. Thus, upon
this article in the State of Pennsylvania, the tax
which I propose, of fifty cents a ton, would pro-
duce an annual revenue of more than a quarter of
a million of dollars. I see a gentleman over the way
"Who smiles at the statement; but, sir, if you will
look at the statement which I have made, at the
figures which I have produced, you will see that
this amount of revenue will be raised upon this
immense amount of capital which now pays not
a cent of revenue. And unless the Committee of
Ways and Means mean, by the definition they
give, to include pig iron in some description of
manufactures enumerated by them, this amend-
ment should be, in my judgment, adopted; for
never, from the creation of the world down to the
present day was u tax bill passed from which pig
iron was excluded as a dutiable article.
Now, Mr. Chairman, let me say a word upon
another point. 1 regret exceedingly that tho Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—and I am sorry that
1 do not see the chancellor of the exchequer (the
chairman of that committee) in his place, so that
I could pay my respects particularly to him—1
say I seriously regret, and I believe the country
regrets, that the gentlemen composing that com-
mittee had not made some provision for atax bill
before they reported the bill authorizing the issue
of the $150,000,000 of Tieasury notes. It is always
better in raising an edifice to lay the foundation
first; but instead of adopting that policy, they
come in with a proposition for the issue of
$150,000,000 of Treasury notes, which I under-
stand are now being supplied by the Treasury of
the United States, and now they bring in a tax
bill for taxing everything under the canopy of
heaven.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG asked unanimous con-
sent for the gentleman from Indiana to proceed
with his remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr. LAW. I wish to say further,in reference
to this matter, that we have not yet fjuite come up
to a perfect system of taxation. Sidney Smith
some time ago wrote an article upon America, in
which he took occasion to allude to the system
of England in the following terms:
u We can inJoim Jonathan what aie the inevitable con-
sequences oj being too loud of gloiy: taxes upon eveiy
aincle which enters into the month, or covois tin* brick,or
m placed under the toot; taxes upon even thing which itis
pleasant tu see, hern, leel, smell, 01 ta^te; taxes upon
waimth, light, and locomotion; taxes on «vei\thma on
eaith, and the watois under the earth; on eveiyihing that
coined irom abroad 01 is giown at home ; luxes on the law
matenal; taxes on eveiy licdh value that added to it t >
the indusuy of man; taxes on the sauce which pampas
man's' appetite, and the dm? that lesrores hiai to health ;
on the ermine winch decorates the judge, and the lope
which hangs the criminal; on the poor man's salt,and the
rich man's >pice; on the brass nails of the coffin, and the
libbons of the bride ; at bed or board, couchant or levant,
we must pay. The sehool-boy whips his taxed top, the
beardless youth manages his taxed horse with a taxed
bridle on a taxed road, and the dying Englishman, pour-
ing his medicine, which has paid seven per cent., into a
spoon that has paid fifteen per cent., flings himself back
upon his chintz bed, which has paid twenty-two frer cent.,
and expires in the arms of an apotheeaiy, who has paid a
license of £100 for the privilege of putting him to death.
His whole property is then immediately taxed from two to
ten percent. Besides the piobate, huge fees are demanded
for burving him in the chancel; his virtues are handed
•down to posterity on taxed matbkj,and he is then gathered
to his fathers, to be taxed no more. In addition to all this,
the habit of dealing with latere sum6! will make tho Govern-
ment avaricious and profuse; and the eystem itself will in-
fallibly generate the ba-e vermin of spies and infoimers,
and still moie pestilent race of political tools and letnmers
ot the meanest and most odious description, while the
prodigious patronage which the eolleetinq of this splendid
ipvenue will throw into the hands ot Government, will in-
vest it with so van an influence, and hold out such means
and temptations to eoiruption. as all the vntue and public
spirit, even of icpublicans, will be unable to resist."
Now, sir, it does appear to me that we are get-
ting along pretty well towardsthat state of things.
And I say that I sincerely regret that the mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means had
not, during the recess, after we adjourned in Au-
gust, provided for coming together and preparing
a tax bill. That has not been done, and now,
without the opportunity of due consideration, a
bill comes before us which it is apparent to every
one wc cannot get through with by the 1st of
May, at the rate at which we are progressing.
And when wo get through with the bill here, it
will go to the Senate. IVIr. Secretary Chase has
prepared a bill which is to be considered as a sub-
stitute. The Senate will have a policy of their
own to consider, and there is little hope of pass-
ing any bill for raising the revenue that the Gov-
ernment needs before the 1st of June. IftheCom-
mittee of Ways and Means had considered the
measure at their leisure, they could have kept
clear of the army of lobbyists who are now here
besieging the committee for the purpose of having
billiard tables and every other conceivable de-
scription of article exempted from duty.
If this bill had been passed first, and the bill for
issuing Treasury notes had followed, we should
have gone on swimmingly. But let this bill be
defeated or be postponed until midsummer, and
what will be the effect upon the Treasury notes?
They will have gone down in the market to fifty
cents on the dollar. It cannot be otherwise. Just
look at it. We are now spending $3,000,000 a
day. The $.150,000,000 of Treasury notes will
all be expended in two months, and before the
war is ended we shall have to pass another Treas-
ury note bill. How can it be otherwise? The
war is in progress, and I admit that we mustcarry
it on until the rebellion has been put down. I go
for war to the death in order to put down this
accursed rebellion. Still, at the same time, m re-
gard to all of our physical resources, let them be
taxed, and the matter arranged so that the whole
country will be satisfied, and then I will be satis-
fied.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Law]
will not cut like a two-edged sword. It may be
true that it will derive an enormous revenue from
the State of Pennsylvania, but then we must rec-
ollect that in the end that tax will have to be
borne by the people of the section from which the
gentleman from Indiana and myself come. I sub-
mit to him and to the members of the committee
that we consume this article of iron as much in
Kentucky and the West as they do in Pennsyl-
vania and in the New England States. And look
at the enormous protection that the iron manufac-
turers enjoy under the Morrill tariff bill, passed
at the last session of Congress, and if gentlemen
reflect on it, they will see that this tax will have
to come out of the pockets of the western farmer
and the western manufacturer as much as it will
come out of the pockets of the citizens of Penn-
sylvania, where this enormous iron interest exists.
Tinder the Morrill tariff bill passed a year ago,
Pennsylvania has a monopoly of the iron making
in this country. That bill, sir, has stopped the im-
portation of iron into the United States, and under
the advantages which the ironmasters of Penn-
sylvania enjoy under that bill over all of the othei
industrial interests of the other States, they enjoy
a monopoly of this article of iron. We of the
West are dependent upon them because of the
various uses to which we apply iron. We are
dependent upon Pennsylvania for railroad iron
and for all of the iron which enters into the every-
day uses of life. If the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana be adopted, the ironmasters,
of Pennsylvania will increase the price of pig iron
to the consumers of the article to the extent of
this tax. We would then at last have to pay this
tax, and not the people of Pennsylvania. For
that reason I am doubtful if the amendment as
it now stands ought to be adopted. If the gentle-
man will provide for the reduction of the protect-
ive duty upon iron under the Morrill tariff bill
I will go with him. Then foreign iron will be
brought into competition with the iron of Penn-
sylvania, and then this tax will not be paid by the
consumers, because the ironmasters will be alraid.
Mr. HALE. Does not the gentleman from
Kentucky know that since the passage of the Mor-
rill tariff bill at the last session, iron has sold at a
less price than it was ever before sold for in this
country? That is a historical fact.
Mr. MALLORY. If it is a historical fact, then
it is one of the most remarkable that could be
brought to the attention of this House. Thegen-
tleman supported the Morrill tariff bill because of
the protection that it afforded to the iron interest
of Pennsylvania. He contended for its passage
most strenuously upon that ground. Now he
says that it has had the effect to reduce the price
of iron. If that be so, then I expect him to go
with me to have the duties on iron reduced, if they
have had the ill effect on Pennsylvania stated by
the gentleman from that State.
Mr. ENGLISH. In reply to the remark of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, itought to be stated
that iron can be brought more cheaply from Liv-
erpool to New York than it can be from Pennsyl-
vania to New York.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to reduce it to
one cent. Mr. Chairman, I object to the princi-
ple of taxing any article occupying the position
of pig metal—an article that is so far from the con-
sumer. 1 listened to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] with a
great deal of attention and with a great deal of
pleasure. I believe this duty should be levied as
near the consumer as possible. I do not object
to the taxing of any article of property, real,
persona), or mixed. I think the duty should be
levied near the consumer, and upon the consumer
if possible. Hence I object to taxing pig metal.
Hence I object to taxing leaf tobacco. Hence I
object to taxing corn and everything of that sort.
I do not object to taxing all descriptions of man-
ufactured iron and manufactured tobacco and corn.
That is the principle of the bill which ought to be
adhered to. 1 am so much in the habit of agree-
ing with my friend from Indiana, that I am ex-
ceedingly sorry to have to differ with him on this
subject. If wc tax pig iron, with the same pro-
priety we ought to tax leaf tobacco and corn and
like articles. You tax corn in the shape of whisky,
you tax leaf tobacco in the shape of cigars and
plug tobacco, and you tax iron in the shape of
hoop-skirts, and in whatever form it is manufac-
tured for the uses of the country. I want the prin-
ciple of the bill adhered to, and I want the tax to
be imposed not upon the unmanufactured article,
but upon the manufactured article, so that the tax
will have to be paid by the consumers and not by
the manufacturers.
Mr. MALLORY. Is pig iron manufactured
iron ?
Mr. WADSWORTH. It is not manufactured
iron, and it ought not to be taxed as manufactured
iron. You can raise as much revenue from the
manufactured article as upon the unmanufactured
article. If wc want revenue, as we do, I do not
object to the Government imposing these taxes
upon any articles of manufactured iron. If the
consumer is to pay the tax under the provisions
of the bill, will he not pay it as much upon the
manufactured article as upon it in its unmanufac-
tured state ?
I also listened to the observations of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rice,] and I sub-
scribe to and indorse them. 1 think it would be
wrong to make the furnaces of the country be
the collectors of the taxes of the country. It would
be wrong in addition to the other burdens of that
distressed interest to make them do it. As soon
as you adopt the principle of this amendment
