386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Mr GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Emmitsburgb, Iowa, praying for the location of
a national armory at Rock Island, Illinois; which
was ordered to lie on the table. tions.
Mr. HARRIS presented two memorials of citi-
zens of New York, protesting against the appoint-
ment of a solicitor of customs in the city of New
York; which were ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS 1K0M COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the commission ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate, under the act
approved July 31,1861," providing a commission
to examine and report as to the compensation of
all officers of the Government, and for other pur-
poses," reported abill (S.No.158) regulating the
pay of the officers of the Navy, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate of the 8th instant, in
relation to the claim of Swift and Ford for horses
furnished, in 1846 and 1847, to the command un-
der Captain John C. Fiemont; which, on motion
of Mr. Trumbull, was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, correcting an error in his
report of the 14th instant, in answer to the reso
lution of the Senate of the 9th instant, in regard
to the employment of George D. Morgan to pur-
chase vessels for the Goverment; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Hale, was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message of the
President of the United States, transmitting a cor-
respondence between the minister of Prussia and
the Secretary of State in relation to the capture
and detention of certain citizens of the United
States, passengers on board the British steamer
Trent, by order of Captain Wilkes, of the United
States Navy; which, on motion of Mr. Sumner,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
FISCAL AGENCY.
Mr. CARLILF,. I move that the Senate take
up the resolution which I offered some (lays ago.
It is a mere resolution of inquiry, directing the
Committee on Finance to make certain investiga-
tions. It was objected to and laid over under the
rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator, had
we'not better go through in regular course, as we
are in the habit of doing now under the rules.
The YICE PRESIDENT. After the receipt
of resolutions, the resolution of the Senator from
Virginia will come up in order without a motion.
Resolutions are in order.
COMMITTEE BERVICE.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Pioident of the Senate Iju authorized
to fill the vacancy in tho committee on the Pacific raihoad
occasioned by the expul&ion of Tiu&teii Polk from the Sen-
ate.
MAIL TO OREGON.
Mr. NESM1TH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the 1'ost Office aucIPosI
ltuadb be iiibUucteli tn inquiro into the e.\pechrncy of es-
tablishing a daily mail horn the Dalles, ut Oiegon.to inter-
sect the oveiland mail south at some convenient, point at or
near Great Salt Lake, in Utah Teiritory.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SAULSBURY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
159) for the relief of Juan Miranda and his legal
representatives; which was road twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 160) to
incorporate the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company; which was lead twice by its title
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 134) authorizing certain officers of the
Navy to accept presents offered by the Japanese
Government; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 162) to
authorize payment of compensation for occupa-
tion of'property by troops of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
163) to establish two land offices in Coloiado Ter-
ritory; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained", leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 35) for payment of the expenses of the joint
committee of Congress appointed to inquire into
the conduct of the war; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill,in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 156) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and ad-
ditional appropriations for theyearending the 30th
of June, 1862.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill of tho House (No. 160) to promote the
efficiency of the dead letter office.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannouueed that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution:
A bill (II. R. No. 160) to promote the efficiency
of tho dead letter office; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 29) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to tiansfer certain
balances of an appropriation for printing of the
second session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress to
the sum appropriated for the first session of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress.
HOUSE BILL KEFUIIRED.
The bill (No. 156) malting appropriations for
the construction, preservation, mid repairs of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense, was
read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
ASSISTANT SECRETARIES OF WAR.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 164) to
authorize the Secretary of War to appoint one or
more assistant secretaries; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. WADE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider the bill now. The Secre-
tary is about organizing for business in his De-
partment, and is extremely desirous that authority
should be given him to have two additional as-
sistant secretaries for temporary purposes. The
lull that [ have drawn up authorizes him to have
additional assistant secretaries for one year from
the time of their appointment; or perhaps it would
be as well to say " during this war;" I donotcaie
which way it is put; but if it is to be done at all
it is necessary it should be done now when he is
organizing the Department. I hope there will be
no objection to it. ^
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
the unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
the bill at the present time. Is there any objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
bill read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will bo
read for the information of the Senate.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of War to appoint one or more assistant
secretaries, who are to perform such duties as he
may prescribe, and who are to receive the same
compensation for their services as is now paid to
I the pi esent Assistant Secretary; the office of such
! additional assistant secretary or secretaries to con-
! tinue for not more than one year from the time of
j their appointment.
I Mr. TRUMBULL. I would prefer that the bill
should lie overuntil to-morrow. It is an important
matter. . , .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done, I should
like to call the attention of the Senator from Ohio to
one feature of the bill. Perhaps it is intentional,
and perhaps it may be through an oversight.
The Secretary of War is authorized to appoint
these two additional assistant secretaries. Nothing
is said of the advice and consent of tho Senate.
The Assistant Secretaries of State, of the Treas-
ury, and of War are now appointed by and with
tho advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. Those words may be inserted
here.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wished to call atten-
tion to it; that is all.
Mr. RICE. The appointment ought to be made
by the President, and not by the Secretary, if it
comes before the Senate. If it is in order, I will
move that the bill be referred to tho Committee on
Military Affairs.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order
Mr. RICE. I make that motion.
Mr. WADE. I was in hopes that the till would
meet with no objection. A new Secretary is com-
ing into this office, and the immense press of busi-
ness in that Department now absolutely requires
additional force.
Mr. RICE. Allow me one moment 
Mr. WADE. I want to state that I was earn-
estly requested by him to ask the Senate if they
would give him this authority now, that, while
organizing his Department, lie may know, and
know at once, whether we are willing to give him
such force as he deems absolutely necessary to or-
ganize the Department as he thinks it should be
organized. It seems to me that it is not of suffi-
cient importance to require that deliberation which
gentlemen suppose. The bill authorizes him to
appoint " one or more" additional assistant sec-
retaries. lie says he wants two. I put the bill
in its present shape, but I have no objection to its
being limited to two, if anybody wishes to limit it.
I would not limit him at all, because if he wants
more than two I would not restrict him. I will
require that he shall perform the duties of that
office to the satisfaction of everybody; but I would
not withhold from him the force that he himself
thinks it necessary that he should have. He is
anxious that the bill should be passed to-day; and
I hope the objection to it will be withdrawn.
The VICE'PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois having objected to the bill, it cannot be
considered unless the Senator withdraws his ob-
jection.
Mr. GRIMES. I presume the Senator will
withdraw it. 1 presume the Senatorfrom Illinois
will not object to the bill if it is changed so as to
follow the 'phraseology usual in such cases. In
the first place, the appointment ought to be marie
by the President of the United States and con-
firmed by the Senate. That has been the universal
practice heretofore. In the next place, it ought to
be limited to two or three, if the Secretary wants
them. I am wilting, so far as I am concerned, to
give him all the force he desires; but I do not think
we ought to deviate from the established custom.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood that I was
requested to withdiaw the objection. I am dis-
inclined to do so. I objected to the consideration
of the bill because I have seen so much hasty
legislation, when we have passed a bill one day
and have had to pass another the next day to col-
lect it. This bill is manifestly very imperfect;
: and if it is not unconstitutional to allow the Sec-
. letary of War to appoint an assistant secretary, it
1 certainly is contrary to all practice. Then, again,
' the bill is without limit. He may appoint forty
j assistant sccretaiies. We had such legislation as
| this at the special session, authorizing a major
j general to have just as many aids as he pleased.
We have had it at this session. We passed a
tariff bill here without its ever being printed . The
result was we had to pass a joint icsolution to
! explain it' in less than a week, and it will he so
; with this. It will not delay it very much to wait
until the bill is printed and we can consider it. I
; must persist in the objection to its consideration
] to-day. ,
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
J referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
, the Militia.
