2368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
May 27.
eorrect in saying that many of the stems are pre-
pared for the very same purpose. In the region
of country from whence I come we are mostly in-
terested in heavy tobacco, and we ship the strips
to England and the stems to Bremen mostly.
Those stems are manufactured into this smoking
tobacco. That, of course, is the most inferior
quality. The trash, that is, the imperfect leaves
of the tobacco, are also used for that same pur-
pose. While that is so, some of the very finest
tobacco grown is made into this kind of smoking
tobacco.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That very statement of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky shows the
difficulty in a elearer light; that if you attempt to
vary and describe these different qualities, you
cannot prevent frauds. I know of no way to do
it. We reasoned in this way: there is, for in-
stance, a very superior smoking tobacco which
sells for twenty-five cents a pound. If you add a
tax of twenty cents, that will make it forty-five
ccnts. If another quality costs but five cents, and
we add a tax of twenty cents, that will make it
twenty-five cents. Still, it is an inferior quality
and an inferior price, though the distinction is not
so great. We came to the conclusion, therefore,
that the only way to prevent frauds in one kind
being sold for another, because it seems to be im-
possible to designate the differences in such a way
as to prevent it, was to put it all on the same ba-
sis, and the difference in price would regulate the
purchase and sale.
This subject, as presented by the Senators from
Missouri, is put in a somewhat new light. I am
told by the honorable Senators—and I place the
most implicit reliance in what they say about it
—that there is a kind of tobacco laised in their
State m large quantities, which is a very cheap
kind of tobacco of the very poorest quality, cost-
ing, when prepared, some seven or eight cents
a pound; that it is sold to Indians and others who
could not afford or would not buy it at the rate we
fix, putting on twenty cents a pound,and conse-
quently it would stop the business. If I believed
it would .stop the business, that would present a
vory good aigument for changing the bill as it now
stands, because we look at it merely in a revenue
light. All the view that I have of all these duties
is simply with reference to the revenue; what they
will produce without injuring any class of the
community more than another. I am told by the
honorable Senator Unit these men who raise tobac-
co make fortunes and are abundantly able to pay,
and his object is to get the most duty out of them.
Now, do the honorable Senators teally believe that
where one lias the habit of chewing and smoking,
the consideration of puce is of any solid conse-
quence at all, so far as regards consumption?
Mr, WILSON, of Missouri. I will answer
that by stating that in relation to this lower class
of tobacco of which we have spoken, that article
will not be manulactured at ail, in my opinion,
but will be used in its natural state.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In that case then, if it
wus not manufactured at all in that way, the per-
sons who use tobacco would buy the higher priced
article and pay the same amount of duty; so that
the revenue would seem to be the same in one case
as another; for I am not a convert at all to the
belief that any person in the world who is once
wedded to the habit 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him acjursiion? I do not design to embar-
rass htm at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am veiyglad to get any
information on the subject from any quarter.
Mr. POWELL. Would there be any difficulty
in grading the tax on manufactured tobacco as it
is in this bill on eigais? On one description of
cigars, valued at five dolkus, this biil proposes a
tax of fifteen cents a pound; valued at over five
dollars and not over ten dollars, twenty cents;
valued at over ten dollars and not over twenty i
dollars, twenty-five cents, and so on. Would J
there be any difficulty in grading the tax on the !
manufactured tobacco in that way? That is what ;
the Senator ft on) Missouri wants. I
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not care so much '
about that; because what the Senator front Maine
says is very covruet. There ape many grades of
this article. A large portion of the tobacco rnan-
ufactuied in this country sells from ten to twenty
cents a pound after being manufactured. Much
the larger portion, certainly three fourths of the
manufactured tobacco, sells at not exceeding eigh-
teen cents by the manufacturer. I know that the
retail dealer charges perhaps thirty-seven and a
half or fifty cents a pound for some of it. I have
known, as my colleague says, leaf tobacco to sell
for twenty-five cents per pound. There is a good
deal of care taken in the manufacture of that to-
bacco, as well as in that selling for from fifty cents
to a dollar per pound by the manufacturer. Hence
it is that twenty cents is alight tax on that article,
and I do not object to it. But where there is one
box of that sort of tobacco manufactured, there
are five thousand boxes of the article costing from
ten to twenty cents a pound. That is the true
state of the case. I am quite familiar with this
subject. The.tobacco manufactured in my town
supplies the States of Iowa, Minnesota, Wiscon-
sin, northern Illinois, and in fact the whole region
north of us. A great deal of it is used by the In-
dians; and there is much of it that cannot stand
this tax.
I agree with the Senator in the remarks Jie
makes in reference to the frauds that may be com-
mitted unless we have a specific tax. I do not
exactly like this tax "upon cigars, because frauds
may be committed upon that article just as much
as in regard to manufactured tobacco. Hence I
think there is a great deal of force in what the
Senator from Maine says. I really desire to see
a revenue raised from this article if it can be done.
I will state, however, that 1 do not believe to-
bacco is manufactured in any quantities in any
portion of the country where we are to expect a
revenue, except in my State and in the State of
Kentucky. 1 understand there is but very little
manufactured in Maryland, if any at all; and
although there is a large quantity raised there, it
not being taxed in the least, Maryland will pay
nothing. My State manufactures, and has done
it for many years, tobacco raised in the State of
Virginia. It has been carried there and manu-
factured. We do not raise as much tobacco in
Missouri as we manufacture, and hence it is that
this tax will fall so heavy on my State. I do not
object to it, but I urge, in looking over this bill,
in every point of view, that taking the rate oftax
levied upon the luxuries, fifteen cents is amply
sufficient as a specific tax upon this article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I understand the
Senator to agree with mo that to avoid frauds we
had better have a uniform rate on the whole.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the idea we went
upon. Then, the only question is whether we
shall reconsider the amendment of the committee
for the purpose of putting the whole of this tax
down to fifteen cents. It is necessarily a matter
of opinion merely whether a tax of twenty cents
would be any more likely to destroy manufacture
than fifteen. Then comes the question I put to
the Senators before: do they suppose thatany tax
which would raise this article of tobacco to a price
that could be paid by the consumer would have
a tendency to prevent its manufacture?
Mr. HENDERSON. My opinion is that it
will, in reference to the lower grades of tobacco.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is, they would buy
the higher giades.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; it will prevent
entirely the manufacture of all tobacco costing
less than seven or eight cents in the leaf, and in-
stead of using the manufactured article, the poorer
classes who have been in the habit of using itwil!
use it in the leaf, and it will not be manufactured
at all. There is no question about it that it will
discourage the manufacture of the lower grades
of tobacco.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 25; as follows:
YEA8—Carlilo, Chandlei, Davis, Dixon, Har-
lN, Uendciaon, Kennedy. Lano of Kansas, Latham, Nes-
miih, IVaree, Powell, Salisbury, Sherman, Wade, YVilley,
and Wilson ofMissouri—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Biotvning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Doohttie, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Howe, Kinjs, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Morn!!, Pom-
cioy. Kio<\ Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wil-
!un-on, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—25.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr, FESSENDEN. There is tx little araend-
| imuit I wish to make to be consistent with others,
j that I omitted accidentally. It is in section forty,
j line thirty-two, page 43, to come in after the word
I " distilled"  
I The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment has
already been adopted at that precise point, after
the word "distilled."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What was it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To insert after the
word "distilled" the words M and also of the
quantities of grain or other vegetable productions
or other substance."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; but after the
word " distilled," and before those words come
in, I want to insert the words " and sold or re-
moved for consumption and sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe, sir, that the first
reading of the bill has now been gone through
with, and the amendments of the Committee on
Finance are all disposed of, except that in regard
to cotton, which was postponed.
Mr. DAVIS. I offered an amendment to the
sixth section last evening 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
amendment in regard to cotton disposed of in as
full a Senate as possible, and then the bill will be
open for amendments generally. That is the only
thing there is left of the amendments proposed by
the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee, which is on pages 96and 97. The Sec-
retary will read the words proposed to be stricken
out by the committee.
The Secretary read, as follows:
On and aftei the ls>t day of May, 1862, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid, a tax of one cent per pound on all cot-
ton held or owned by any person orpersons, corporation, Oi
association ofpeisons; and such tax shall be a hen thereon
in the possession of any person whomsoever. And further,
if any person orpeisons, corpmation, or association of per-
sons shall remove, carry, or tiansport the same from the
place of its production before said tax shall have been paid,
such person or persons, corpoiation, or association of per-
sons shall forfeit and pay to the United States double the
amount of such tax, to be recovered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof: Provided,however y That the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue is heieby authorized to make
such ,iules and regulations as he may deem proper for the
payment of f-aid tax at places diifrient from that of the pro-
duction of •said cotton • Jinil provided further, That all cot-
ton owned and held by any manufacturer of cotton fabricd
on the l^t day of May, 1803, and prior thereto, shall be ex-
empt fiom the tax Jicicby imposed.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of the proposi-
tion of the committee, which seems to me sound
in principle and policy.
There are reasons against taxing cotton, first,
from the character of the product itself, and, sec-
ondly, from the effect of the tax on manufactures.
If we look at the character of the product, we
shall find that, in the first place, it is an agricul-
tural product, peculiar indeed to one section of
the country, but as much an agricultural product
as grain, hemp, and flax, which are left untouched
by this bill. There must be a reason for adopt-
ing the tax in one case and not in the other. Iiut
no such reason exists/
But cotton is not only one of our agricultural
products, it is also one of our leading exports.
Now, I raise no constitutional question as to the
power to tax exports, although it may not bo en-
tirely easy to reconcile such a tax with the lan-
guage of the Constitution—" no tax or duty shall
be laid on articles exported from any State." The
object of this clause was obviously to prevent a
discrimination among States through the taxing
power. Cut not questioning the power in the
present case, it seems to me that its exercise will
be of doubtful policy, according to principles of
political economy. I do not think that it is the
policy of civilized nations to tax exports, which
play an important part, first, in quickening com-
merce, and secondly,in furnishing the equivalent
of imports.
I have before me, in McCulloch's Commercial
Dictionary, a list of the articles subject to excise
in England, and another list of the exports. The
first list is as follows: bricks, hackney carriages,
hops, licenses, malt, paper, post-hoise duty, post-
horse licenses, railways, stage carriages, soap,
spirits, out of which the gross receipts were
^14,475,975. I do not find one of these articles
in the list of exports, while in that list, are man-
ufactures of brass, iron, linen, silk, and cotton;
also wool and woolen manufactures, and ma-
chinery, amounting to an enormous sum in value.
It seems to me that the policy approved in these
lists is well worthy of our study; I do notsayof
our imitation; but we ought not to neglect its in-
struction.
