THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 1G, 1862.
New Series....JjTo. 209.
passage of a confiscation bill, $500,000, to be repaid to the
Treasury out of confiscated property, to be used at the dis-
cretion of tlie President in securing the rightof colonization
of said persons made free, and in payment of the necessary
expenses of their removal.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to strike that para-
graph out of the bi!l. I do not like to appropri-
ate so much money in view of some act which
may possibly pass this House.
Mr. STEVENS. The law has already passed
which requires compensation to be made to the
masters of slaves who have been emancipated in
this District. This $500,000 is for the purpose
of carrying into effect that law which requires the
colonization of such of those emancipated slaves
who may choose to leave the District of Colum-
bia. So far as that is concerned, then, it pro-
vides for the execution of a law which is now
upon our statute-books.
In regard to the proposed law that is referred
to there, it has already passed both branches of
Congress. I believe that it has not yet been signed
by the President, but I think it has become a prob-
ability that it will soon become a law. That is
the whole matter.
On Mr. Mallory's motion, on a division, there
were—ayes 39, noes 68.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. All we want is
that there shall be a recorded vote in the House
on this proposition. If there be an understand-
ing that there shall be a vote on the proposition
in the House, I will withdraw the demand for
tellers. *
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Mis-
souti will without doubt be enabled to ask for a
separate vote on this proposition in the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With the under-
standing that we shall have a separate vote on this
proposition in the House, I withdraw the demand
for tellers.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And without the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania demanding the previous
question.*
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, when the bill gets into
the House, permit any gentleman to move to strike
out this proposition before he demands the pre-
vious question ? He will, of course, be first en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I, of course, agree to that.
I want to have everything fairly decided.
Mr. Mallory's motion was rejected.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
That the salary of the Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury phall be the same as that of the Assistant Secretary of
the Navy, to commence with the present fiscal year.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the salary of the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury now?
Mr. STEVENS. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. A. CONKLING. And it proposes to
carry this increase of salary back to the first of
this year?
Mr. STEVENS. It only proposes to carry it
back to the first of the present fiscal year, which
is the 1st of July last.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would like the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to state the reason for this proposed increase of
salary.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state the reasons which
influenced the committee. The Assistant Secre-
tary |Of the Treasury has had more labor to per-
form than ever before, in consequence of the in-
creased business of the Department. He has had
to labor more hours than any officer in the Gov-
ernment, excepting, perhaps, the Treasurer of the
United States. Hisdutiesare more onerous than
those of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and
the committee thought that it was the least justice
we could do to raise his salary up to that of the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. 1 do not like the way
in which this proposition is stated. It would, for
various reasons, be better to say, if we are to
adopt the provision at all, that the salary of the
209
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury shall hereafter
be $4,000 per annum, and not that it be the same
as that of some other officer; but I move to strike
Out the whole paragraph.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Meansagree
to let us have a separate vote on this proposition
in the House?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then I withdraw
my motion.
The Cl&rk read the next paragraph, as follows:
For the fund of tlie Patent Office, $50,855 49, to supply
the deficiency existing under the act of March 2, 1861, en-
titled an "Act in addition to an act to promote the progress
of the useful arts:" Provided, That the fourteenth section
of said act be, and the same is, hereby tepeaied.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of obtaining
some information on the subject, I move that that
paragraph be stricken out. I deprecate the prac-
tice of referring to.laws authorizing the appropri-
ation of money. It is well enough, where you
have an opportunity of examining them, but this
bill has been brought before the House without
previous notice and without being printed. It is
impossible, therefore, to know what this appro-
priation refers to, unless one is perfectly familiar
with the previous legislation of Congress. Itseems
to mestrange, at this particular moment, that this
appropriation should be brought forward, when
there is no time for deliberation, and no time to
look into the act of 1861. I object to this hasty
and ambiguous legislation. I heartily approve of
the declaration made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Way s and Means, that the appropriation
bill shall be brought in at the earliest possible mo-
ment, and deliberately acted on.
Mr. WALTON. 1 would state that the Patent
Office department sent a communication to this
House, approved by the Secretary of the Interior,
asking for an appropriation to make up a defici-
ency in the funds of that office. That was fiist
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and after some examination there, it was reported
back to the House and referred to the Committee
on Printing. That committee made a full exami-
nation of the matter, and I will state now for the
information of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] that the fourteenth section of th'e act
of March 2, 1861, authorized the Commissioner
of Patents to print full specifications of patents
granted, with lithographic drawings. Under that
law, the department expended between June last
and the 1st of November, the sum of about thirty-
four thousand dollars for printing, and if you add
to that the expense of preparation of copy, for
proofreading and other expenses necessarily con-
nected with the matter, the sum of money ex-
pended under the fourteenth section of the act of
1861, will amount to nearly fifty thousand dollars.
Moreover, by another section of the act—a
provision by which patentees were permitted to
elect at what time they would take out their pat-
ents—they were not required to make payment of
the lust installment of fees until they took out the
patents. By means of these two provisions of
the act which we ourselves passed, a deficiency
has occurred in the funds of the department to
the amount named in the bill—$50,855 49. I
ought to say, further, that in consequence of the
provisions of the act of 1861. and the printing of
these full specifications and drawings in the depart-
ment,the Commissioner did not make any report
to this House and the Senate of the descriptions
of the patents granted, and of the drawings, as
has usually been done heretofore.
W^e have therefore saved to the House and the
Senate, in printing and engraving in the Patent
Office this year, the sum of $80,000, and if you
make this appropriation to supply this deficiency
which we have created by our own act, we shall
save §30,000 this year in the printing of patents.
Mr. DUNN. I move to amend by striking out
fifty cents of this appropriation. I make the mo-
tion for the purpose of saying that an appropri-
ation of this amount is necessary for the purpose
here stated. This question of appropriating a
certain amount to defray the printing of the Patent
Office, was referred to the Committee on Patents,
which reported in favor of the appropriation; then
to the Committee on Printing, which reported in
favor of it, and it was then referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and they reported in
favor of it. The Commissioner of Patents has
recommended it. It is necessary.
Now, the Government has been in the habit of
paying a much larger amount than is here asked
for every year for Patent Office printing. There
probably will be no need hereafter of any such
appropriation, because the receipts of the Patent
Office will, I presume, be sufficient to defray all
its expenses. In years passed the Government
has been in the habit of appropriating, out of the
general fund of the Government, for the Patent
Office, sums much larger than this. This is the
smallest appropriation which has been asked for
in many years.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am opposed to a reduc-
tion even to the amount ofone dollar. This mat-
ter came up before the Committee of Ways and
Means, and was there examined, and whatever
we may think of the propriety of increasing the
expenditure, yet the expenditure, as the law stood
was rightfully and properly incurred.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would inquire of
the gentleman whether there was' any evidence
furnished to the Committee of Ways and Means
that this amount of expense had actually been
incurred ?
Mr. MAYNARD. That was the stated bal-
ance submitted to us by the department. We
had to rely upon the statement submitted to us by
the department, and therefore we recommended
this appropriation; and to prevent any future de-
ficiencies, we recommended that the fourteenth
section of the act of 1861 should be repealed.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to diminish the
amount by $50,000. 1 understand that the Commit-
tee on Priming have recommended the repeal of
thatpartof the law which has been violated ill this
printing; that the law authorized the printing of
ten copies of all the specifications issued and all the
drawings connected with them, but that the Com-
missioner printed thirty copies. I contend that we
ought not to pay for the twenty copies m excess
of the law.
Mr. WALTON. The gentleman from Mary-
land is rightas to thenumberofcopies printed and
the numberofcopiesnuthorized by law to be print-
ed. The fourteenth section expressly gaveauthor-
ily to print ten copies forcertain purposes, but when
tlie Commissioner made a contract for ten copie's,
he also made a contract for twenty additional copies
for the use of the library of the department and
for making exchanges with foreign Governments.
1 put the question to the department to.know by
what authority that had been done. The answer
was that the department had authority to provide
for its own library by means of exchanges with
foi-eisn Governments. The committee theught,
or, at least, I thought the Commissioner had put a
very liberal construction upon that fourteenth sec-
tion, and that was one reason why we thought we
had better repeal it.
Mr. CALVERT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. FRANK. I move to reduce the amount
two dollars. I would like to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Printing, or of the Comittee on
Patents, if, when this law was passed at the last
Congress, it was notdistincily understood that no
expense to excced the previous amount paid for
writing was to accrue to the Government? 1 would
like to ask further ifaresponsiblemdividualdid not
offer, and has not at all times since stood ready, to
publish the number authorized by law, without
expense to the Government other than was for-
merly paid for the written record?
Mr. WALTON. In reply to the gentleman from
New York, I would say that it was expected that
the fees of the office would defray all the expenses
of this printing. It is also true that a gentleman
