1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
terest of my State and my section of the country,
as I believe it to be against the interests of the
whole country, that we should impose this tax. I
hope, therefore, that this section will be stricken
out. But if the Senate determine to keep it in, I
trust the duty will be reduced from one cent a
pound to five per cent, ad valorem, or half a cent
a pound, and that wo shall then take some other
action which shall give the manufacturers of cot-
ton goods a fair chance for the markets of the
world. We tax them three per cent, now on what
they produce, and I do not think this additional
burden ought to be put upon them.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator speaks of
this as a burden upon the manufacturers. It is
no such thing. It is a burden on the consumers
of these fabrics.
Mr. SUMNER. On the poor.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is upon consumption.
The manufacturer places this extra cost immedi-
ately on the value of his goods. It is 110 burden
011 the manufacturer. It is a burden on every
man who buys a shirt.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear in mind
that these particular articles are used by the poor.
They are as essential to the poor as breadstuff's;
and you do not tax the breadstuff's of Michigan
or Illinois.
Mr. CHANDLER. Are they not essential to
the rich as well?
Mr. SUMNER.. Yes, to the rich and poor.
Mr. GRIMES. So is bread.
Mr. SUMNER. Bread is the staff of life, but
I take it the cotton shirt is next to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give notice that if my
amendment prevails, or if we retain the tax of one
cent a pound on cotton, I shall move to strikeout
tin* clause granting a diawback on exported cot-
ton. I concede that that would be unfair and im-
proper. We put on this as an excise tax, as I
understand. It is to be paid whether the article
is exported or used at home. The clause in the
bill granting a drawback on raw cotton exported,
I think is unjust and should be stricken out. The
manufactures of other countries should pay the
same price for cotton that we pay here, and if my
amendment prevails, or if the original clause is
retained, I give notice that I shall move to strike
that out.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Michigan
thinks that a tax of two cents per pound would
not be a burdensome tax, or lie would not move
it. I do not believe that Senator means to impose
burdens on any branch of manufactures or indus-
try. I take it therefore that he thinks it will not
be a burdensome tax. He argues in this way,
that, the price of cotton now is twenty-five cents
a pound, and if you impose a cent on each pound
of cotton, you thereby impose only four per cent.
ad valorem upon the cotton, and if you increascit
to two cents a pound, you impose a burden of
eight per ccnt. ad valorem. Now, I want to ask
the Senator if he thinks it fair, if it is the way
he would do his business, to take the price of an
article at the very time it was highest to judge
what would be the elfect of a duty or tax for any
number of years, because we are laying this tax
for the future as well as for this year.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Senator wish an
answer now?
Mr. CLARK. Oh, 110: I am not desiring any
pai tieuiar answer to the question to myself; but
the Senator may answer it if he desires to do so.
I hold in my hand the average prices of cotton
for ten years, which is, perhaps, a fair average to
take to ascertain what will be the effect of this
tax. Cotton is divided and known 111 the market
as ordinary, good ordinary, low middling, mid-
dling, middling fair, and sea island, as stated by
the Senator from Massachusetts; and now I pio-
pose to state the average price for the last decade
of the lowest quality in which cotton is sold—the
oidinary'—wluchis consumed more laigely in this
country than any other quality. For tlie year
1850-51, the average ptice of the ordinary cotton
wa.s seven and a half cents; and this is the price,
not where it is purchased in New Orleans or at
the South, but the price when delivered at the
mill. The mills, the large establishments partic-
ulaily, are accustomed to keep the average price
of cotton from year to year, and they know what
every pound of cotton costs them. In the mills
of Lowell the average price of cotton of that
grade for the year I80O-0I was seven and a half
cents a pound; for the year 1851-52, it was four
and a half cents; for 1852-53, it was five and a
half; for 1853-54, five and a quarter; 1854-55, five
and fiveeighths; 1855-56,fiveanda half; 1856-57,
nine: 1857-58,eightandaquartcr; 1858-59, eight;
1869-60, seven and an eighth. These were the
average prices for each year, and averaging the
price for ten years, it was six and seven eighths
cents per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend what he
reads from.
Mr. CLARK. An extract furnished mo from
the nulls at Lowell.
Mr. SHERMAN. There must a great mistake
about it. The book before me, which is furnished
to us by Mr. Bigclow, of Boston, has the average
rate each year. I call the attention of my friend
to it. Either his statement is erroneous, or this
published statement is.
Mr. CLARK. The difficulty is that the Sena-
tor does not understand me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have been listening to you
very attentively.
Mr. CLARK. That may be, but you do not
quite understand me. I am giving the aveiage
price not of cotton itself; but of the lowest quality
of cotton.
Mr. SHERMAN. I misunderstood the Sena-
tor. The table I have before me is the average
price of the production of the United States.
Mr. CLARIC. I am not dealing with that now;
lam dealing with the lowest quality of cotton, be-
cause you propose to impose a cent a pound 011
the lowest as well as the highest quality. Myob-
jeet is to show what will be the tax ad valorem
upon this lowest quality. The average price for
the last ten years, as I have said, was six and
seven eighths cents per pound. The Senator from
Michigan will remember that somebody disputed
this statement in his hearing last night, and said
we did not get any under seven cents. I knew we
did, and I knew that I had the figures in my
pocket to show it at the time. It is very easy to
say a thing is so and so, but it is another thing to
show that it is so. It is very easy to say that a
thing is all fustian, but when you come to prove
it practically, it requires moie than assertion to do
so. It is veiy easy to say it is absurd, but it is
another thing to show that it is so.
Here then you have the price ofcotton at six and
seven eighths for this quality. How many times
can you have six and seven eighths ill one hun-
dred? That will give you the percentage. About
fifteen times, so that your duty on that cotton as
it now stands is fifteen per cent, ad valorem, and
the Senator proposes to double it and make it
thirty per cent., and then he says this is no bur-
den to the manufaetureis.
Now, I want to call the attention of the Senate
to the existing state of things m the country. We
are now in a disturbed state of the country. We
die attempting to shut up the southern ports, so
that their products do notgo abroad. If you im-
pose this tax, what will be the effect ? Upon every
pound of cotton they can run out of the country
there is 110 tax, but upon our own manufacture
there is a tax. It may be a small amount that will
be run out, and, perhaps, it is not fair to legislate
exclusively upon that basis; but still it is a thing
to be considered. You encourage the Englishman
to break your blockade and run the cotton out,
and avoid the tax, rather than take it in the legit-
imate way. It is a matter to be thought of 111 this
state of the country. The Englishman desires
your cotton; he desires it in the cheapest way he
can get it; and if he thinks the cheapest way is
to break the blockade and take it, the imposition
of your tax, perhaps, may induce him to do so.
But there is another consideration to which I
beg the attention of gentlemen on both sides of
the House. Many of the large establishments a
year ago had on hand a year's supply of cotton.
Such was the condition of the largest establish-
ment in my own city. They had enough to cany
them around a year by using it very sparingly,
say running their mills about four days 111 the
week, and stopping two. All the operatives 111
those mills had to be provided for. The manu-
factuiers, therefore, run their mills so as to keep
their operatives in their places, keeping them four
days ill the week, and letting them be abroad lwo
days in the week; and that particular company,
having large pieces of land abroad which weie un-
improved, gave any operative who chose to do so,
the privilege of working upon those lands. They
availed themselves of it, and many of them raised;
articles which they needed in their families. They J
have been able to go through the year. They
have been contented, and what was remarkable,.,
the treasurer of that company said to me just, be-
fore I came away from home to come to theSen-
ate: " Notwithstanding, Mr. Clark, we hav.e cut
down these men heavily, cut them down in time*
and cut them down in money, so much may be
said for the patriotism of these individual laborers,
that not the first man or woman of them has com-
plained." We were told by southern gentlemen,
you all remember it, not more than a year ago,
or a year and two or three months ago, in this
Hall, that these operatives would mutiny, would
rise in rebellion; that they would he starving, and
we could not control them. That was the hope,
to some extent, of those who made the prediction.
Instead of that, the operatives have borne pa-
tiently all the diminutions of time and of money
that have been put upon them; and when 1 came
away not the first man of them had complained
in my city because they were cut down. They
were willing to be cut down, and willing to be
taxed; but what will bo the result now? That
company has not bought the first bale of cotton
for the next year, and has given notice that on the
1st of July they stop, because they cannot buy,
and these men and these women must be turned
abroad. And now, to putoff the time when they
can buy cotton, you proposts to add two cents a
pound to it, so that these men and women shall
be out of employment indefinitely.
I have no interest in cotton manufactures. I
live in a region where they manufacture cotton.
I am willing that you should put on it a small tax
if you think it necessary to conform with the prin-
ciples of your bill, if need be, or if you think you
can gain something to your Treasury by impos-
ing a tax. So that you shall have the tax put on
that portion which goes abroad and equalize it
upon the manufacturer, I am entirely agreed; but
I suggest these considerations to the Senate at this
time. Now, suppose you put on five per cent, ad
valoiem so as to equalize it on the different grades.
Some cotton cost twelve cents. There was a
quality of cotton, the middling fair, that, through
the decade from 1850 to I860, those same ten years,
cost twelve cents a pound on the average. The
different grades, let me say to Senators, vary about
one and one fourth cents for each variety. For
instance, ordinary costs say six and seven eighths
cents; good ordinary costs one and one fourth
ccnt more than that, and so they run up. It is
of this kind of coarse cotton that we use the most.
There is an establishment in my own town which
makes grain-bags to a very large extent; they nut
a poundof cotton in a bag,and they send it West
to bringgram. Take another establishment in my
State, and,as I said the other day, they put a
pound of cotton in about ten yards of lawn. The
man who manufactures bags will pay one cent,
and the man who manufactures lawn, which brings
seventy-five cents to the yard, will only pay one
cent. There is 110 equality in that. It should be
made equal. If you put on five per cent, ai valo-
rem, you strike all the qualities of cotton alike.
Then you may perhaps make a deduction of half
a cent a pound for all the cotton going into the
manufacture in this country, allow that as a draw-
back or deduction from the three percent., and
you provide f>r all; and that would seem to be
fair, if any tax is to be put upon it. We do not
ask to be exempt because we live in a region where
they manufacture cotton. If gentlemen think it
is ad\ isable to tax cotton, let it be at a reasonable
rate, and I will not complain. But this is of all
times the wortt time, in some respects, to attempt
it I crant tha* while you are taxing other tilings,
you may use the argument, " why not tax cot-
ton >" The answer is found in the condition of
the country, i'l the condition of your manufac-
tures, in the condition of your laborers. The
laboring man of the Westcan go to the etirth and
she will yield iiim a leturn; he is not dependent,
as the man who works in the mill is, upon the
supply of cot'on; that must be had, and if the
capitalist, the head manufacturer, does not furnish
it to him, his support stops entirely. I suggest,
therefore, to the Senator, and to the Senators
around me, whether it is worth while to attempt,
at this time, to impose at any rate so onerous a
burden 011 this article.
