1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
the copper of Michigan, nor the flour of New
York, nor the hemp of Kentucky. It would be a
disastrous tax, affecting every manufacturing dis-
trict and every hearthstone where coal is used as
a fuel in the whole country.
I differ with the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Diven] on the subject of the reciprocity treaty
with Great Britain and the coal from the mines at
Pictou. Every ton of coal brought into the Uni-
ted States from the British provinces drives one
ton of domestic coal out of market. It is true that
the Pictou coal is semi-bituminous, but it is used
for manufacturing purposes, in the steam marine,
to manufacture gas, and for various other pur-
poses. It comes into competition with both an-
thracite and bituminous coal. Place the tax pro-
vided for in this amendment on anthracite coal
and it will go up in the market, and at the same
time it will so stimulate the production of the Pic-
tou coal that, to the extent of that increased pro-
duction, it will drive the domestic article from the
market. It is, in effect, a tariff on the domestic arti-
cle in favor of the foreign article. I trust we shall
avoid the grave mistake of taxing necessaries and
raw materials. We have difficulties enough in our
path in devising ajudicious tax bill. Let us not
increase them.
I withdraw my amendment, as I am opposed to
placing any tax upon coal.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I move to insert the following after
line fourteen:
On anthracite coal, fifteen cents per ton, and on bitu-
minous coat one eighth of one cent per bu&hel.
Mr. Chairman, I offer the amendment in good
faith, and I hope that it will be adopted. I think
that it strikes the proper medium. It would pro-
duce §1,000,000 of revenue upon the seven millions
of tons of coal referred to by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I think that it would be a proper
imposition upon Pennsylvania for a good many
reasons which 1 have not time now to enumerate.
Tliis is a tax easier laid, easier collected,and less
felt than any tax that we can put into this bill.
Some gentleman said that no tax has been put
upon wood, and it ought not to be put upon coal.
I suppose it is because both produced caloric.
But we know that coal has become an article of
manufacture. It is a manufactured article. It is
not the raw material. The gentleman says this
pait of the question lias not been met. The man
who mines it manufactures it. He puts labor on
it; makes it into different grades and sizes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then so is wood a manu-
factured article.
Mr. COX. I have not time to go into the con-
sideration of all of the articles embraced in this
bill. I could show a great difference between wood
and coal as objects of taxation.
Pennsylvania seems to be moused when this
tax is proposed to be levied. The blood will fol-
low where the knife is driven. The members from
that State say that almost every dollar of it will be
paid out of that State by those who consume it.
And one gentleman feelingly referred to the shiv-
ering widows and seamstresses ofNcw York city.
Pennsylvania ought not to pay this tax ! Oh no !
I would reduce tne tax upon her because she has
received so few favors from the Federal Govern-
ment. She has nobody in office and nobody steal-
ing from the public crib. She has had all of the
burdens and none of the benefits of the Govern-
ment. Being in that state, I am in favor of redu-
cing this tax.
Some member stated that coal was brought here
from abroad, and he gave some statistics of coal
brought from Chili, the Azores, and other parts of
the world. Everybody knows that all the coal
brought here from abroad is brought in ballast,
except that which is brought from Pictou, in Nova
Scotia. It is bituminous coal, and when brought
here it has the effect to reduce the taxes upon the
widows and orphans of New York, in reference
to whom the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania has
expressed so much sympathy.
1 am one of those who believe in the largest
liberty of interchange, and I am in favor of buy-
ing where we can buy cheapest, and selling where
we can sell dearest. I am in favor of carrying out
that doctrine wherever it is feasible, and 1 believe
that it is feasible here.
Mr. KKLLEY. Mr. Chairman, I am ready to
admit that a good many Pennsylvamans have
stolen from the Government. J. B. was a son of
that State, and I think that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] applauded all the acts of his
administration. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. That is a mistake. I think that I
was under a cloud all the time he was here.
Mr. ICELLEY. It was only a cloud with a
silver lining. [Laughter.] England's power is in
her coal. It is the fact that her hills and valleys
are rich in coal and water power that has made
her the commercial mistress of the world. Our
men of California dig gold, our men of the North-
west raise wheat, and our men of the rebel States
grow cotton, and we send our cotton to England
to be wrought, our wheat to England to feed her
workmen, and our gold to England to pay for
enough of our cotton to clothe us.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. What does the
gentleman say to a tax upon cotton ?
Mr. KELLEY. I will come to that directly.
It was said by the gentleman from Vermont,
when he explained the bill, that the steam engine
was to pay the heavy taxes of the country. I
think that he was right. You tax the material of
the steam engine. You tax the capital of the man
who owns it; and now you are about to tax the
food that keeps it in motion. Coal is the source
of this country's growing commercial power.
England has done as much as the leaders of the
southern rebellion to bring our country to its pres-
ent unhappy condition; and I am not in favor of
legislating for her advantage. I am in favor of
taxing cotton; I am in favor of taxing every arti-
cle, without exception, which we export largely,
because I believe, though the gentleman from Illi-
nois does not, that the consumer pays the tax. I
would make the Englishmen who work and wear
American cotton pay tribute. I would make the
Englishmen who live upon American wheat pay
tribute. Through the wily policy of England in
the reciprocity treaty, aided by her southern con-
federates, we have entered into an entangling alli-
ance, and now find that we cannot tax a great
many articles that would bring us in a large rev-
enue from foreign consumers. Do not let us, in
addition, tax the food of the steam engine which
alone has made us able to cope with the Power
which has sought our destruction, and whose
competition we meet in the markets of the world.
Mr. IIORTON. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of closing debate upon this
section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. HORTON. I move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending section of the tax bill close in one
minute after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move that no amendment to
the section under consideration in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, proposing a
new paragraph, shall be in order exccpt at the
end thereof.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. The House cannot prescribe such a
course of action for the committee, except by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and lules the motion out of order.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended ; and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
m the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide interna] revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question re-
curred on the amendment offered by Mr. Cox.
Mr. HORTON. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the committee to postpone all new par-
graphs until we shall have got through with this
section, so that they may come in at the end
thereof.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I objected in the
House, and I am now obliged" to do it again.
The effect of it would be to cut off all amend-
ments.
Mr. COVODE. I desire to correct a misstate-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed
by order of the House, and no debate is now in
order.
The question recurring upon the amendment to
the amendment,
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. NOBLE. With the consent of the com-
mittee, I will accept the amendment to my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the proposition re-
curs upon the amendment as modified.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to amend the
amendment. I desire to except coal used for man-
ufacturing purposes from this tax of fifteen cents,
and therefore 1 move to add the words " except
coal used for manufacturing purposes."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to increase the tax on
bituminous coal from one eighth to one quarter
of a cent per bushel, and I move that amendment
to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend by excepting coal used for the manufac-
ture of gas. As we have taxed that enormously
we ought not to tax it again.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to increase the tax
on bituminous coal from one eighth to one half
cent per bushel.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. I move to amend by
making the tax one quarter of a cent, per bushel
on bituminous coal, which is equal to ten cents a
ton.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has al-
ready been offered and rejected, and it cannot be
moved again.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reduce the tax
on anthracite coal to five cents a ton; not that I
advocate any tax on coal, but if any is to be im-
posed I desire that it shall be as small as possi-
ble.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to amend by taxing
bituminous coal the same as anthracite—fifteen
cents a ton.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend by increas-
ing the tax on bituminous coal to five cents a ton.
Mr. F. A. CONIiLING. I rise to a point of
order. It is the same proposition 
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I call the
gentleman to order. No debate is in order.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. My point of order
is that this amendment has already been offered
in another form and voted down—five cents a ton
being the same as one eighth of a cent a bushel.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not informed
as to tons and bushels, and therefore he rules the
amendment in order.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Noble,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Campbell and Mr. Cox.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 54.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to add
to what has just been adopted, the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That no duty shall be collected on coal until
tile expiration of the reciprocity treaty with England.
