THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Potter, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Shanks,
Sliellaboreer. Shiel, William &. Steele, Stiles, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Wickliffe, Wilson, Wood, and Worces-
ter—34.
So the bill was passed.
During; the vote,
Mr. HOLMAN stated that if he had been pres-
ent, he would have voted in the negative.
The vote wasannouneedasabove recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER," from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
founcl truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 496) to en-
large the Lake Superior land district in the State
ofMiehigan;and an act (H. R.No. 571) to punish
the fraudulent use or sale of postage stamps;
when the Speaker signed the same.
ADDITIONAL DUTIES ON UNITED STATES SUGABS.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill to im-
pose additional duties on sugars produced in the
United States, and to ask that the bill be put on
its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I have risen to call the pre-
vious question; but if there is any gentleman who
desires to be heard upon it, [ will yield to him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to make a few remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know very
well such are the exigencies of the Treasury, that
any measure looking to replenish it will be likely
to find favor in this House. Nevertheless, our
financial position is not so desperate that we can
afford to adopt any bill as wrong in principle and
wrong in policy as 1 believe this to be. I there-
fore desire to cpll the attention of the House to
the position and attitude we shall assume if we
pass this bill. We have already passed a bill
taxing sugar made from sugar cane one cent pet-
pound. That rate is in excess of any other on
manufactures.reached by that bill; but it was jus-
tified, and justified only, upon the ground that we
had raised the price of sugar by increasing largely
the tariff on sugar, although that was done at a
former session of Congress, and without any ref-
erence to the tax bill.
Now, the ordinary value ofNew Orleans sugar,
for it is not to bo disguised that ibis bill is to operate
chiefly upon Louisiana and Texas—is about four
cents pcrpound. Onucenttaxupon sugar is, there-
foie, equal to twenty-five per rent, ail valorem, and
this bill is to increase it to fifty per cent. In re-
lation toj,other manufactures—except in a few in-
stances where we have levied specific duties, as in
relation to liquors and tobacco, which are con-
sidered either as luxuries or vices—we have only
levied three per cent. Under what rule of right
can this article be singled out by a special law for
so heavy a burden ?
Mr, Speaker, it has been considered hitherto a
policy of some moment that we should raise the
sugar, consumed in this country, within the limits
oftheUnited States. Although no longer than two
years ago very persistent efforts were made here to
strike off the duties upon sugar, upon the ground
that the cane had failed in the southern Slates, and
that it was utterly impossible to promote its cul-
ture there, it was refused. So large a home tax
must increase its piice, checking its consumption,
and will necessarily check its production. None
of these results are to be desired.
Of so great importance has the production of
sugar been considered in France, that at the first
start of the beet culture for this purpose, a pre-
mium was given by Napoleon for its culture, and
for a long series of years a differential duty was
made in favor of beet sugar. But now, so exten-
sive is the beet culture for sugar in Prance, that
they have to give the cane sugar the advantage in
their system of taxation. Jt is not proposed to
tax the sorghum of the western States, nor the
maple sugar of the northern States, though both
come into direct competition with cane sugars. I
ask gentlemen if this can be called fair dealing?
But how will this tax be regarded in the south-
ern States ? Why, that we have singled out one
production—and that a production very nearly
allied to agricultural productions which we ex-
pressly exempt from taxation—for the purpose,
not so much of raising a revenue as topunisn the
men who produce it. When it comes to a mili-
tary measure, a measure for suppressing the re-
bellion, I am ready to go as far in sharpening
the instruments, and in making our war crushing
and destructive, as any other man. But when you
come to a matter of ordinary legislation, I demand
of this House that it shall protect its character by
passing no bill which is not equal and just to all
portions of the country. Let us have impartial
legislation. Confiscate the property of rebels, if
you please; but when you levy taxes do it fairly.
It is the fact in relation to the persons upon
whom thisduty is to operate, that we have already
imposed a duty of one cent per pound, and we
propose to raise it to double that amount, and im-
pose another cent which they will have to pay.
Now, so far as 1 am informed, these people are
the most likely to become loyal of any citizens
now in a state of rebellion. That feeling deserves
to be nursed and encouraged. Rather than do any-
thing which may be regarded as partial, which
may discourage them from returning to their alle-
giance to the Government, 1 would be willing that
our laws should treat them with some degree of
favor, so that they may see, if they come here,
that they may expect to have nothing but equality
and exact justice in proportion to all the other
States. Let our criminal code—laws for the pun-
ishment of traitors—deal out vengeance; but our
ordinary legislation should not proceed on the idea
that this war is to be eternal, and that no loyal
men are ever to appear in the sugar-plan ting States.
I am therefoie opposed to these little skinning
bills; and, as the great Athenian said of a certain
proposition, " it may be advantageous, but it is
not just." I hope the bill will be defeated.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot help admiring the
course pursued by my colleague upon the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, praying for the de-
feat of this bill, as if it were unjust to a portion
of our citizens. He knows very well that this
tax, as it is worded, will operate only on Louis-
iana and Texas sugar; and this is the only tax you
can raise from the people of those States. While
all the other States are paying taxes upon their
trade .upon their income, and upon personal prop-
erty, these people, who have created this debt,
are escaping from the payment of all of it. lean-
not understand that mode of doing justice to all.
That doctrine will do rank injustice to everybody
except secessionists. To them it will give an ad-
vantage which no other part of the community
has.
Now, sir, the Secretary of the Treasury in rec-
ommending this measure, informs us that Louisi-
ana and Texas will, this year, produce from seven
hundred to seven hundred and fifty million pounds
of sugar. The provisions of this bill will enable
us, while our armies are there, to collect it, as it
provides that the Secretary of the Treasury may
collect it under such regulations as he may make,
different though they may be from the general tax
law. If this tax ofone cent on this seven hundred
and fifty millions, in addition to the one cent al-
ready laid—which never can be collected without
the machinery which this bill provides—can be
collected, you will raise on the productions of that
countryfl4,000,001)towardsdefraying the expen-
ses of ibis war. In no other way can you raise
from these people one cent. And yet my colleague
talks about this picayune bill which is going to do
injustice to one class of people, and hopes it will
not pass, so that when they come back into the
Union they may not be offended. It is an extraor-
dinary doctrine coming from the mouth of a Rep-
resentative from Vermont. It is an extraordinary
doctrine coming from the mouth of a Representa-
tive of a free State which believes that those who
brought on this war ought to pay at least a small
portion of the expenses of carrying it on. Sir, I
do not wish to protract this debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether the
southern planter is not subjected to the same in-
come tax, and will not be reached in the same way
as other classes of people?
Mr. STEVENS. Not to the amount of a dol-
lar. How can you reach them with your assess-
ors and collectors? Under the regulations pro-
vided by this bill you can reach this sugar, while
our armies are there, by collecting the taX from
the holders of it; but you can never collect the
income tax from those men to the amount of a
dollar.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to discuss this matter at all upon the ground
on which the learned gentlemen of the Ways and
Means Committee have put it. My objection to
this bill rests upon theplamerground of the theory,
which I take to be true in the main, that the tax
is to- be paid by the consumer and not by the pro-
ducer; and I say the effect is to raise a tax upon:
one of the most common necessaries of life. It
is an article in universal use among the poorer
classes, and the effect is toincrease the price twenty-
five percent, upon every pound of sugar consumed
by the poorer and I may say all classes of com-
munity. If this tax was actually levied upon the-
producer I should not object to it so much, be-
cause those persons should bear their proportion
of the burden. My objection is, that following,
the ordinary law of political economy, the tax wilt
be paid by the consumer and not by the producer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Another ques-
tion. It is whether this tax will not be levied upon
the maple sugar produced in the northern States?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; that which is man-
ufactured for homo consumption everywhere is-
exempted from paying this duty whether made
from sorghum or anything else.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would like to inquire if
there is not a great deal of maple sugar made in-
ceitain sections of this country for sale, and not
for consumption by the makers?
Mr. STEVENS, I think there is considerable.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Why not tax it, then?
Mr. STEVENS. I put this bill on theground
that it is laying a tax upon people that could not
be reached m any other way. Those who pro-
duce the maple sugar not only pay taxes to the
country, but provide men to fight those who raise
the sugar we now propose to tax.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the project of tax-
ing maple sugar will not be seriously considered
by the House. There are in many parts of the
country those who raise ten, fifteen, and perhaps
as high as fifty pounds of maple sugar,and bring
it into the towns for sale at the small stores for
boys. It is not worth more than ten or twelve
cents a pound, and 1 think it would be a very
small business to tax it.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want to spend the
whole of the session in a debate upon this bill,,
and I therefore move the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
not do that; I want to propose an additional sec-
tion to the bill.
Mr. PORTER. I have prepared an amendrsent
in the form of an additional section, to which I
thi nk the gentleman from Pennsylvania will agree.
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear it. -
The Clerk read Mr. Porter's amendment, as
follows;
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of
this act shall not apply to sugar manufactured from sor-
ghum.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, I will hear what th*&
gentleman from Illinois proposes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I offer the following as arc
additional section to the bill:
Sec. 3. Jlyid be it further enacted, That eveiy bank, bank-
ing association, or corporation issuing notes calculated or
intended to cncu'atc a3 moneyshail,within six months after
the passage oi this act, and i cgtilariy once in every succeed-
ing six months make and deliver to the Secretary of the
Treasury a true and accurate return of the amonlit of its
notes m ciiculation, and shall pay at the time of making
each letuin to the Secretaiy of the Treasury, in lav\ful
money of the United States, one per cent, on the amount
of notes issued, accoiding to said return, ana in default of
any such return the bank, banking association, or corpora-
tion so failing to make return shall pay to the United States
a penalty of two per cent, upon its entire capital stocs, to
be recovered for the use of United States in any court of
competent jurisdiction.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh,sir, I adhere to the pre-
vious question. The gentleman cannot surely be
in earnest in offering that amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir, I am.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Illinois
to allow the amendment to be Offered?
