m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
B. Lincoln, a resident of Texas—as he is described
in this letter—one of the seceded State.s, conceived
the idea of entering into the treasonable business
o'f furnishing this pretended rebel government
with " a great improvement in fire.-arms." The
Senator lends his aid to Mr. Lincoln to carry- out
this design; and in order that his letter may be
thS more effective in bringing this traitor to the
notice o'fMr. Davis, he states, in the body of the
letter, that the object which this man Lincoln has
in visiting " your capital," is " to dispose of what
he regards a great improvement in fire-arms."
He speaks of the bearer of this letteras his friend,
and a man "reliable in every respect." It was
but a few hours after this letter was written that
a Senator upon this floor, a political associate of
the Senator from Indiana, said in public debate:
" It is very easy for mon to blunter who know there is
going to be 110 danger. Four or five million people, living
in a territory that extends from North Carol inn down to the
Rio Grande, who have exports to above $300,000,00u, whose
ports cannot be blockaded, but who can issue letters of
marque and reprisal, and sweep your commerce from the
seas, and who mil do it, are not going to be trilled with
by that sensible Yankee nation."— Speech of Mr. Wigfall
in the Senate, March 2, 18(31.
And again, he said:
" The Star ot' the West swaggered into Charleston har-
■bor, received d blow planted lull in the lace, and htag^ered
out. Your fl.ifi has been insulted; icdress it if you dare.
You iiavo submitted to it for two months', and you will sub-
mit to it forever."—Ibid.
As far back as the month of January* preceding
th^lale of this letter, Senator Toombs declared in
a speech in the Senate, in the presence and hearing
of the Senator from Indiana, that they (the South,)
were " prepared for the arbitrament of the sword;
and now you see the glittering bayonet, and you
hear the tramp of armed men from this capital to
the Rio Grande. It is a sight that gladdens the
eyes and cheers the hearts of other millions ready
to second them." Speaking of the Crittenden com-
promise, Mr. Toombs said:
" If that or some other satisfactory arrangement is not
made, I nm for immediate action. We aic as ready to
fight now as we ever shall bo." * * * h " [
will not buy a shameful peace. I will haw equality or
war. Gpoigia is on the war path, and demands a lull'and
final settlement this nine." * * * * u'o
shall then ask you,' let us depart in poacc.' Refuse thai,
and you present us war. We accept it; and, insciibmgupon
our banners the Rlonous words ' liberty and equality,' we
will trust to the btood of the brave and" the God of battles
for secuiity and tranquillity."
Now, Mr. President, I quote this to show that
on the 1st day of March Mr. Bright knew there
was to be war. It had been advertised to him
upon this! floor by his own colleagues, and by
those with whom he had been on intimate terms
for years and years in this body. These are some
of the open declarations of hostility to which the
Senator from Indiana listened in this Chamber
before his letter was written. This is not all.
Facts which were known to every one, which
transpired befoie the date of ilmt letter, made it
inevitable that war was to bo the result of this
southern rebellion. The rebels had seized on the
forts, arsenals, military stores, vessels, money,
treasure of the United States before the date of
the letter; and they openly declared that war
would necessarily follow if the Government un-
dertook to recover its property, or to exercise
any dominion or control over it. All this the
Senator from Indiana knew when he wrote the
letter. It is idle for him now to assume that ho
did not suppose at that time that a conflict would
ensue between the rebels and the Federal Gov-
ernment. Already had they fired upon a vessel
bearing the flag of the United States while on her
peaceful mission to Fort Sumter. Already had
~-t*ey seized the revenue cutter William Aiken,
and appropriated her to the use of the rebel
navy. The arms and munitions of war in the
forts of the South had been seized by the rebels,
and placed in the hands of their army. How,
then, can a United States Senator, who was fa- I
miliar with all these facts, and who had been for I
years on intimate terms, socially and politically, J
with the leaders of this rebellion, assume that on I
the 1st day of March last, by furnishing them 1
with an improvement in fire-arms, he was not i
aiding treason against the Government which he i
was sworn to uphold and protect? i
But, sir, what did Jefferson Davis want with an 1
improvement in fire-arms, if there was to be no
war? What did he want with this great improve-
ment in fire-arms, which the friend of the Senator
from Indiana wished to furnish him, unless it was
the better to enable his rebel forces to resist the
power, and authority of the United States? If
there was to be no war, ?vhy did the Senator from
Indiana urge this warlike improvement upon the
attention of Mr. Davis? There is but one answer
to all this, and that is, that this man,Lincoln, un-
derstood and believed that the South were organ-
izing armies, and that his improvement would find
a ready purchaser in the leader of this rebel army.
He applies to the Senator from Indiana to aid him
in this treasonable effort to supply the armies of
the South with superior lire-arms, and the Sena-
tor from Indiana does aid him to the extent of his
ability.
Now, sir, I submit in all frankness and sin-
cerity, that this action shows upon its face that
the Senator was in complicity with the southern
rebellion; or at least that he sympathized with this
movement, and was willing to make it as formi-
dable as possible. He was willing to exert his
influence to produce that result.
This letter shows that its writer was anxious to
furnish this treasonable army with the most ap-
proved methods of warfare. And, sir, against
whom were these "improved fire-arms" to be
turned? They were to be brought into the field
against the noble and brave soldiers of his own
State. They were to be pointed at the breasts of
his own constituents. Sir, in the past Indiana had
honored and upheld her Senator; and her sons who
were true and loyal to this Government had aright
to expect of him in the hour of their extremest
peril the most firm, steady, and hcroic sujiport.
Instead of rendering them the aid of his great in-
fluence as a Senator in Congress, he turns his back
upon those who had elevated him to power, and
not only aids a traitor in supplying their enemies
with superior arms, but boldly declares that he is
openly opposed to the entire policy of the war in
which his own people have so nobly and so earn-
estly enlisted.
Sir, had this letter of the 1st of March been writ-
ten by a citizen of Indiana who was without any
particular influence in the country, by one who
was unknown abroad and unhonored at home, we
might, with propriety perhaps, suffer it to pass by
unnoticed; but when he, who has been elevated
to places of high trust and honor by the noble
Wallace and the brave and heroic men under him,
turns against the cause in which these men are en-
gaged, it becomes us, as we love our country, to
turn such men from the high places they occupy,
and to leave them to be filled by men who fully
sympathize with the gallant sons of Indiana, who
are to-day in the field, struggling with heroic de-
votion to protcct the Government which they love
so well.
But, sir, the gentleman has attempted to explain
away the force and effect of this letter of recom-
mendation to Mr. Davis, and he has interposed his
defense to the charge of disloyalty which naturally
grew out of the letter, which defense is in the form
of a letter, that he has, upon his own application
to the Senate, made a part of its records. On the
7th of September last the gentleman wrote a letter
to Mr. Fitch, of Madison, Indiana, of which the
following is a copy:
At my Farm, September 7, 1861.
In reply to your favor of the 20th, just received, I have
to say that 1 have been personally acquainted with I\Ir. Lin-
coln for moie than twenty yeais, he having been at that
tunc a prominent merchant of your city, whore [ was then
residing,and was just entering on my caieoi of life. lie
did me the favor to employ me as his "attorney, and [ <*cn-
etally attended to hi.s legal business. The letter to winch
you lefor is no doubt genuine. 3 have no iftcollection of
writing it, but if Mr. Lincoln says I did, then 1 nm entirely
satisfied of the fact, for I am quite sute I would have given,
as a matter of course, ju<t such a letter of nuioduction to
any Mend who had asked it. So much for the letter.
You s.iythe impic&sion is sought to be created, on ac-
count of this lcncr,that I am in complicity with the south-
ern rebellion. I have so little repaid, indeedsueh nn utter
contempt for Abolitionism, which is sucking by every means
in Us power to " crush out" every man who dare& to dis-
sent from the policy it prescribes, that if it were merely to
satisfy the eonuptpartisans of that doctrine, I would "not
take the trouble of denying or attempting to counteract this
impression. But for your sake, and the &akc of such old
tned friends as you, I think it due to myself to say, that X
am, and always have been, for preserving the integrity of
this Union. I was laboring zealously for its preservation
when these men, who are now so clamorous for its main-
tenance, were willing to «let it aide" rather than abate one
iota of their unconstitutional doctrine ofinequality; and no
man tegrets more than I the present condition of public af-
fairs. oi is more anxious to see peace, unity, and fraternity
i estored. I do not think the policy of that party is calcu-
| lated to produce such i exults; so far Irom it, the inevitable
I tendency ot its measures, in my opinion, is to render the
disruption permanent and incurable. And hence t have
opposed, and so long as my present convictions Jast shall
continue to oppose, the entire cocrcive policy of the Gov-
ernment. X hope this may be satisfactory to my friends.
For my enemies I care not.
Sincerely yours, &c., JESSE D. BRIGHT.
J. Fitch, Madison, Indiana.
This last letter was sent to the committee at the
request of the Senator, for he stated, at the time
the resolution was offered, that this explained his
letter of the 1st of March. Let us look at this
letter for one moment. In it he says: <{ you say
the impression is sought to be created, on account
of this letter, that I am in complicity with the
southern rebellion." Instead of denying flatly the
justice of this impression which had been created
by the letter of the 1st of March, the Senator en-
teisinto a tirade against abolitionism, as if by that
means he could repel the natural and legitimate
effect s of his own acts. Mr. Bright does not even
in this justification pretend to assert that he is for
the Union at all hazards; he does not assert that he
is in favor of the Government in this struggle; hut
he says that he is for the integrity of the Union.
John C. Breckinridge, in his seat on the other side
of this Chamber, declared that over and over again
in his treasonable speeches at the'extra session of
Congress. He says that he is opposed to and shall
continue to oppose 44 the entire coercive policy of
the Government." When did he say thib ? On the
7th day of September last. What was this coer-
cive policy of the Government to which the Sen-
ator then declared himself entirely opposed ? Let
the President speak, for he alone has the right to
define the true policy of the Government. In the
President's inaugural address—I read this for the
purpose of showing what the coercive policy of
the Government was, that the Senator condemned
in September last—thePresident said:
"I therefore consider that, in view of the Constitution
and the laws, the Union is unbroken ; and to the extent of
my ability I shall take cate, as the Constitution itself ex-
pressly enjoins upon me, that the laws of the Union be
faithfully executed in all the States. Doing this I deem to
he only a simple duty nn my pait; and I shall perform it, so
far as practicable, unless my lightful masters, the American
people, shall withhold the requisite means, or in some au-
thoritative manner diteet the contrary. 1 trust this will not
be legarded as a menace, but only as the declared purpose
ot the Union that it will constitutionally defend and mam-
tain itself.
" In doing thi* thoie needs to be no bloodshed or violence ;
and there shall be none, unless itbe foiced upon the national
authority. The power confided to me will be used to hold,
occupy, and possess the property and places belonging to
the Government, and to colleeuhe duties and imports; but
beyond what may be necessary for these objects, there will
be no invasion, no using of force against or among the peo-
ple anywhere."
After the rebels had, by their attack upon Fort
Sumter, brought aetual war upon tho country, the
President issued his proclamation calling out the
military forces of the Government to the amount
of seventy-five thousand men, and in that procla-
mation he expressly declared what service these
forces were to be assigned to. He said:
" I deem it pioper to say that the first service assigned to
the forces hereby called foith will probably be to repossess
the forts, places, and property which have been seized fiom
the Union; and m every event the utmost care will bo ob-
served, consistently with the objects aforesaid, to avoid
any devastation, any destiuction of or interference with
property, or any disturbance of peaceful citizens, m any
part ot the country."
Such, Mr. President, is "the coercive policy of
the Government" to which the Senator in Sep-
tember last declared that he was utterly opposed.
He declared himself opposed to the protection and
defense of the property of the United States,
should the people of any State or Territory rise
up in opposition to the Government and seize it.
He sits hero in the Senate and sees our forts,
arsenals, navy-yards, vessels, munitions of war,
money, and treasure of every kind seized by trai-
tors in arms against the Government, and when
the President and Congress make an eflort to re-
cover back that property, the Senator from Indi-
ana declares that he is opposed to this entire policy
of the Government. If this is not disloyalty, I
submit that I am at a loss entirely to know wliere
you will go to find it.
Mr. President, whilst I regard the letter of the
1st of March last, recommending an inventor of
improved fire-arms to the especial notice of the
leader of this wicked war, as giving the clearest
and most perfect evidence of disloyalty m him who
wrote it, still I think that the letter of the 7th of
September last is still more objectionable than the
other. At this last date, the war in defense of the
Government had assumed (lie most gigantic pro-
