3334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 15, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
Th« Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with. Itis always very
long at the close of a session.
.The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a statement of
all the contracts made with the bureaus connected
with that Department since the commencement of
the present session of Congress; also a copy of
a letter of the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, under date of the 11th instant; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a copy of the acts, resolutions, and memo-
rials passed by the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Utah during the eleventh annual ses-
sion, for the years ]86'i and 1862; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
EE POETS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the memorial of
William J. Best, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was recommitted the bill
(H. R. No.2G5) to authorize the Court of Claims
of the United States to hear and determine the
claim of the heirs of Stephen Johnston, deceased,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (S. No. 104) to
provide for the appointment of a solicitor of claims
for the Department of State; from the further con-
sideration of a resolution of the Senate of June 10,
instructing the committee to inquire whetherany
additional legislation is necessary to the proper
control of the contingent expenses of the State
Department; and of a memorial of the board of
managers of the Pennsylvania Colonization Soci-
ety, praying a recognition by the United States
Government of the republics of Hay ti and Libe-
ria; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom were referred the leportof
the Commissioner of Indian Aflairs, submitting
estimates for the Indian service for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1862; a memorial of chiefs and
principal men of the Stockbridgc and Munsee In-
dians, praying a new treaty; and a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, of Juno 5, communica-
ting copies of the report of William H. Walah
and William H. Coombs, in relation to the " half-
breed Kaw lands,"in the State of Kansas, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.«
Mr. SIMMONS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and ihe Patent Office to report
back House bill No. 365, to amend an act entitled
" An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts," with amendments. I ask to have the bill
taken up.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope we shall go
through with the ordinary morning business.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us hear the bill read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read for information.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 object to its con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I think if Senators knew what
the bill was, they would not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection bp-
ing made, it will lie over.
MESSAGE FROM ME HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
350) to amend an act entitled " An act to create a
metropolitan police district for the District of Co-
lumbia, and to establish a police therefor," ap-
proved August 6, 1861.
1 The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills, in
which it requested the concurrency of the Senate:
A bill (No. 572} making supplemental appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 18G3, and for
the year ending June 30, 1862; and
A bill (No. 573) to impose an additional duty on
sugars produced in the United States.
ENBOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore :
An act (H. R. No. 496) to enlarge the Lake
Superior land district in the State of Michigan;
and
An act (H. R. No. 571) to punish the fraudulent
sale or use of postage stamps.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message farther announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the lSfth instant, the following acts and joint
resolution:
An act (H. R. No. 392) to establish certain post
roads;
An act (H. R. No. 399) to provide for the quiet-
ing of certain land titles in the late disputed ter-
ritory in the State of Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 454) for the relief of the
register of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana,
and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 554) relating to trust funds
of several Indian tribes, invested by the Govern-
ment in certain State bonds, abstracted from the
custody of the late Secretary of the Interior; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 98) authorizing
the Secretary of War to furnish extra clothing to
sick, wounded, and other soldiers.
STEVENS'S BATTERY.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
resolution of the Senate in relation to Stevens's
battery, to report a joint resolution, whiteh I ask
may be read, and I wish the Senate to consider
it now, if they will.
The joint resolution (S. No. 99) releasing to
the heirs-at-law of Robert L. Stevens, deceased,
all the right, title, and interest of the United States
in and to Stevens's battery, was read twice.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear some reason
for that.
Mr. HALE. I will state the reason, if the
Senator will allow me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, no objection being made to its present
consideration.
Mr. HALE. There have been propositions
innumerable made, but none can bo agreed upon,
and Congress has refused to appropriate one dol-
lar to carrying it on. It costs about ten thousand
dollars a year to keep it, and the Committee on
Naval Affairs thought the best way was to allow
Mr. Stevens to take it, and if he should finish it
and make anything practical out of it, the Gov-
ernment might buy it cheap. As it is now, itis of
no sort of use to anybody, but an annual expense
of $10,000. Congress has refused in any form
to appropriate a dollar for it, and we think this
the best way to get rid of it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KING. I desire to enter a motion to re-
consider the vote on the passage of the joint reso-
lution in regard to the Stevens' battery. I want
to know something more about it before such a
large amount of property is released.
Mr. KING afterwards said: I ask that the mo-
tion to reconsider which I entered may be consid-
ered now and negatived. It is a motion to recon-
sider the vote passing the jointresolution in regard
to Stevens's battery.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will be disposed of.
Mr. KING. I will not ask that the vote be re-
considered. The information I have obtained is
such as induces me to think that perhaps it is bet-
ter the resolution should stand passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. "Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion?
Mr. KING. The Senator from Ohio will make
a brief statement on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
York desires me to state the facts in regard to Ste-
vens's battery, which I will do. We have a mort-
gage on what is called Stevens's battery. It is
unfinished and of no value to the United States.
Mr. Stevens proposes to finish it, and if it is then
a good vessel he proposes to sell it to the United ,
States. My own impression is that it is best to
surrender the vessel to Mr. Stevens to do what he
pleases with it. If he finishes it, it is only valu-
able as a vessel of war, and then the Government
of the United States will be able to negotiate for
its possession. I think it would be wiser and better
rather than that the Government should embark
in this speculation any further, to just surrender
it to Mr. Stevens and let him do the best he can.
The United States have a mortgage on the prop-
erty, and could take the vessel and sell it for old
iron. That is all.
Mr. KING. I withdraw the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. CLARK. Is there not a mortgage on his
other property ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not advised as to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion to
reconsider is withdrawn.
IIOUSE BILLS KEFEKRED.
The bill (No. 572) making supplemental appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1863, and for
the year ending June 30, 1862, and the bill (No.
573) to impose an additional duty on sugars pro-
duced in the United States, wefe severally road
twice by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
PRINTING TAX BILL.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
ten thousand additional copies of the tax bill in
addition to those already required, have instructed
me to report it back, and recommend its passage.
I have not the resolution in my hand, as it has
gone to the superintendent for the estimate; but
the estimate is not necessary, as it will of course
be the same as the estimate for the preceding ten
thousand.
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire what was the
number before ordered ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Ten thousand.
Mr. COLLAMER. And this is a resolution
for ten thousand more?
Mr. ANTHONY. Ten thousand additional.
Mr. COLLAMER. . I can see no reason for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a very great de-
mand for it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That may be, but it is
in all the newpapers that publish laws, and the
House of Representatives have published seventy-
five thousand copies to scatter over the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made to the consideration ofthe report, itgoes
over under the general rule.
ARREST OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL ANTHONY.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up the
resolution of inquiry I offered yesterdav.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kansas calls for the consideration of the res-
olution on the table, which will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate any information he may have as to
the reasons lor the arrest of Lieutenant Colonel D. It. An-
thony, of the fccvcntli Kansas regiment, if, in the opinion
of the said Secretary, such information can be given with -
out injury to the public service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the resolution will
not be adopted in that form. This calling an the
Secretaries to communicate information if not in-
compatible with the public interest,is a novel thing.
The Secretaries, it has been repeatedly decided by
the Senate, can be required to communicate to the
Senate. It is only when we communicate with a
coordinate branch of the Government, the Presi-
dent, that we leave this discretion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator from
Illinois permit me to state to him the reason why
I desire this information?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would strike out the
latter part of the resolution.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. You will be able to
judge whether it should be stricken out when I
have stated why I have offered the resolution.
