1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
portions; five hundred thousand loyal men were
then in the field in defense of our Government, to
save it from being destroyed by the attacks of the
most ruthless enemy that ever blackened or dis-
graced the annals of civilized warfare. The whole
nation was reeling to and fro, and staggering like
a drunken man; commerce was destroyed; the
ordinary business of the entire country had been
siyspended, and the good men and the loyal men
and the true men all over the land thought of noth-
ing, did nothing, cared for nothing but the suc-
cess of our Army and the maintenance of this
Government. It was at this time tliat a Senator
of theUnited States,bound by the most solemn of
earthly obligations to sustain the Government in
which he held an office of high dignity and honor,
boldly declares to the country that he is opposed
to the entire policy of the Government—that policy
which is for maintaining its very existence!
Mr. President, the Committee on the Judiciary
did not see fit in their report to give us any reason
for the remarkable decision at which they arrived.
I presume, however, that they had reasons satis-
factory to themselves, at least, which led to the
report which they have made. I may be wrong,
but nevertheless my duty teaches me that whilst
this war lasts no man should be permitted to enter
into the secret councils of this nation who will
cither aid a traitor to furnish an improved fire-
arm to the enemy, or who will openly declare
himself to be opposed to the entire policy of the
Government; and I here declarc, anal wish it to
be borne upon the wings of the wind from one
end of this continent to the other, that, as 1 believe
tKe evidence before me proves conclusively that
the Senator from Indiana sympathizes with our
enemy in this war, I will never consent that lie
shall take part in any of the secret deliberations,
of the Senate, nor that he shall act as one of the
constitutional advisers of the President.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am not sur-
prised at anything that occurs in times of high
excitement; nor am I surprised at distortions of
the human intellect by which the most ordinary
actions or the simplest formsof expression are per-
verted from their purpose, and have attached to
them a meaning(from emphasis and an imperfect
statement of facts) which otherwise no rational
man would attach to them. I had hoped, how-
ever, that when the resolution of the Senator from
Minnesota was submitted to a comimttuc of this
body; when the whole matter was investigated
and weighed by them and the party accused heard,
and they reported that the resolution ought not to
pass, the honorable Senator would be content to
submit to the determination of the committee, and
without com%g here with a written set speech for
the purpose of aggression upon my friend from
Indiana, would let the vote of the Senate be taken,
if he desired it, without the necessity of any con-
troversy on the subject. I do not purpose at all
to undertake to answer that speech beyond a very
limited extent.
The proposition is to expel a member of this
body, founded upon a letter which he wrote, or
is supposed to have written—because thero is no
absolute proof of the fact—on the 1st day of
March, 1861. I concede that he wrote it. He
says himself that it made so little impression on
his mind that he cannot answer whether he did
write it or not, but he thinks it not at all improba-
ble. I am satisfied that lie did write that letter. As
it was published in the papers—and the only won-
der is that the honorable Senator from Minnesota
did not so quote it in his speech—the words " pri-
vate and confidential" were at the head, which
might, of course, have been very much harped
upon if they were really there. But the letter it-
self I will assume to have been written as it was
road. The charge is disloyalty, and the letter is
adduced as proof of it.
You must take the condition of the country at
the time the letter was written, in order to arrive
atany fair interpretation of its meaning.^ It is very
easy to take_a letter and, by emphasizing partic-
ular parts and giving them a meaning according
to your own suspicions which would not natu-
rally flow from the language, to make an appar-
ently important matter out of that which really
amounts to nothing. The facts of the case were
fully before the committee, who had an interview
with my friend from Indiana. It appeared to.the
committee that early in my friend's life, when he
had just bccornc a member of the bar, Mr. Lin-
coln became his client, and a very serviceable and
profitable client to him. This brought about re-
lations of intercourse between them, more than
twenty years ago, which continued at different pe-
riods oi time down to the writing of that letter.
Mr. Lincoln stated—and of this my friend from
Indiana had no recollection—that he had got a let-
ter from him on the same subject addressed to
our own Secretary of War some months previous,
which was never acted upon. He applied for a letter
of introduction to Mr. Davis, knowing that while
Mr. Davis was a member of this body and Secre-
tary of War, my friend from Indiana had been
on intimate terms with him as a personal friend.
My friend being so applied to, gave a letter of
introduction.
Now, there are two points that the honorable
Senator from Minnesota insists upon; one is that
the letter is directed to Mr. Davis as president of
the confederate States; the other is that it related
to some improvement in the manufacture of arms,
which he emphasized very much. As to the ad-
dress, it is very evident to any one that my friend
from Indiana was not writing as a Senator of the
United States; there was nothing official in his act;
he had no power to recognize theconfederateStates;
he was not writing the letter as a Senator of the
United States, but as a personal friend from former
intercourse, and only recently having that inter-
course severed; indeed, I believe that it was only
twenty or thirty days after Mr. Davis had left
this Chamber; i believe he went away about the
beginning of February; but I do not recollect the
exact time. The letter was addressed to Mr.
Davis by the title which he claimed. If he meant
to give a letter of introduction to Mr. Davis, after
Mr. Davis assumed to act under the revolution-
ary action of the confederate States electing him
president, it would be, of course, simply an insult
if he did not address him in that mode. He could
not give it in any other mode; he could not expect
that it would be received in any other mode. It
is not a recognition; it is only addressing the party
by a title which he chooses to claim. jNio war had
then occurred, and under the circumstances it was
proper to give him the title he had assumed, in
addressing a letter to him. Is there any want of
loyalty in thtft? Is there any treason in that? It
seems to me that if a letter was written at all to Mr.
Davis, as he then occupied and claimed that po-
sition, it must have been addressed to him in that
mode, or it would not have been entitled to the
slightest weight or respcct. If it was to have any
influence in favor of the person in whose behalf
it was written, if it was to secure him any hear-
ing, even if it had not stated his purpose, of course
it must be addressed in that way m common cour-
tesy, without having any effect upon the right of
Mr. Davis to assume that title, or meaning to rec-
ognize his right to it in any way whatever, but
admitting only that he claimed it. That is the
view I take of it, and I think it is the view that
will be taken by any unprejudiced person.
The other objection is as to the subject-matter
of the letter. 1 take it for granted that in letters
of introduction of this kind, the object which the
party states to the writer is always mentioned in
the letter. I know from my friend's statement to
the committee, that it made so little impression
on him that he had no recollection of ever having
written the letter. The man stated to him what
he wanted. My friend had given him a former
letter to the Secretary of War here, and gave him
a letter again as a personal friend to Mr. Davis,
and of course he stated in it what this man told
him was the subject on which he wished to see
him. Is it a fair inference that he contemplated
enabling Mr. Davis to secure some invention in
reference to fire-arms which would be beneficial to
him in a war with the United States ? Is not that
a most forced construction, if you take the time
when the letter «was written ? and time is every-
thing. At that time it was perfectly true that revo-
lutionary action had taken place, as I call it; as
they call it, a right of secession; as they and hun-
dreds of others believed, a right that existed under
the Federal Constitution, peaceably to withdraw
from the Federal Union. This was a common
opinion among many men, resisted by others;and
others again drew this distinction, that though the
act was revolutionary in itself, and not provided
for in the Federal Constitution, yet the Constitu-
tion did not contemplate o - authorize the use by
the Government of the United States of any co-
ercive measures for forcing a State back into the
Union after she had withdrawn "from it .by the'
action of her people. * ~ . '
When this letter was written no hostilities had.
taken place; no war was imminent. I think the
mass of men on all sides, with exceptions, of
course, believed that in some mode, though they
might not see the exact mode, the attachment, to
the Union of the bulk of the people of the south-
ern States, and their desire to preserve it in its
integrity, would break down any attempt of the
kind that was then being inaugurated. That was
the general impression. The people generally did
not believe that coercion would be attempted, or
that war would grow out of the struggle which
was then commencing on the part of tne confed-
erate States. Others may have entertained a dif-
ferent opinion; others may have supposed that it
probably would end in war; but ccrtainly there
was no shadow of war at the time. The common
postal communications throughout the Union still
existed; commercial intercourse still existed; citi-
zens went and came just as they had done before;
no hostilities had taken place; all the laws of the
United States remained apparently in full force,
however much there may have been disturbances
in regard to ccrtain portions of the public prop-
erty. The intercourse between the sections re-
mained unrestricted and undisturbed till subse-
quent to the time at which the letter was written.
Was it not natural under these circumstances that
the people of the United States generally should
not believe that the action of the confederate States
would end in war; and if it was not going to end
in war, of course it must necessarily die out, and
would turn out to be an attempt at a political rev-
olution which would ultimately fail, as many other
things of the same kind had failed.
This is not my opinion alone; but I think it is
an opinion that was entertained by those from
whom I differ as regards the questions of policy
connected with the course of the present Admin-
istration. I beg leave in this connection, in order
to disabuse the mind of the Senate of the idea that
there was any possibility of its then being sup-
posed geneiaiiy that thero would be any collision
of arms, and that civil war would be the result of
the state of things which existed on the 1st of
March, 1861, to read an extract from the instruc-
tions given by the present Secretary of State to
Mr. Adams, our minister to England, as iate as
the 10th of April, 1861, forty-one days after this
letter was written. Even at that day the Presi-
dent and Secretary of State did not anticipate that
there would be any collision of arms or any war.
I will read enough of the dispatch to give the
whole scope of that part of it. At page 74, of the
first volume of the President's message and ac-
companying documents for the present session,
will be found this paragraph in the instructions
from Mr. Seward to Mr. Adams, under date of
April 10, 1861:
"The President neither looks fornor apprehends any ac-
tual dismemberment of the American Union, especially by
a line of latitude." * * * * "The movement,
therefoi o. in the opin®fc of the President, tend* directly to
anarchy in the seceding States, as similar movements in
similar circumstances have aheady resulted in Spanish
America, and especially in Mexico, lie believes, never-
theless, tint the citizens of those States, as well as the cit-
izens of the other States, are too intelligent, considerate,
and wise to follow the leaders to that disastrous end. For
these reason® he would not be disposed to reject a cardinal
dogma of tlieiia, name! v, that the Federal Government could
not reduce the seceding States to obcdiencc by conquest,
even although be wcie disposed to question that proposi-
tion. But, in fact, the President willingly accepts it as tiue.
Only an imperial or despotic Government could subjugate
thoroughly disaffected and insuuectiunary membeis ot the
State. This Federal republican system of ours is, of all
forms of Government, the vety one which is most unfitted
for such a labor. Happily, however, this Is only an imagin-
ary defcct. The system has within itself adequate, peace-
ful, conservative, and reeupeiative fotces. Firmness on the
part of the Government m maintaining and preserving the N
public institutions and pioperty, and in executing the laws
where authority can he rxer<*i«ed without waging war,
combined with such measures of justice, moderation, and
forbeaiance a-i will dis.um reasoning opposition, will be
sufficient to ?ecuie the public safety until returning reflec-
tion, concurring with the fearful experience of social evils,
the inevitable fruits of faction, shall bring the recusant mem-
bers cheerfully back into the family, which, after all, must
prove their best and happiest, it undeniably is their most
natural home. The Constitution of the Ugited States pro-
vides for that return by authorizing ConjPIss, on applica-
tion to be made by a certain majonty of the Status, to as-
semble a national convention, in which the organic law
can, if it be needful, be revised so as to remove all real ob-
stacles to a reunion, so suitable tothe habits of the people,
and so eminently conducive to the common safety and wel-
fare/'
