2376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
from Kentucky that my difficulty with regard to
it is, 1 am afraid the fees are so very low that it
will be very difficult to get anybody to be an as-
sistant assessor who ought to be. I venture to
say they will not give anything for the place.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course, it cannot do any
harm. , , . , . a
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it can do
any harm.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention of
the Senator from Maine a moment,I will inquire
as to the order in which we are to take up this
bill. I presume we are to go over it from the be-
ginning to the end again, and then I presume this
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky will be
in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does this provision apply
to the assessors or collectors?
Mr. DAVIS. To the collectors alone. Itdoes
not apply to the assessors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the collector has to
pay these deputies himself, I do not know how
this provision would apply. He is obliged to pay
them himself. The collector is responsible for the
whole and receives all the pay, and he makes just
such bargains as he pleases with his deputies. He
appoints them.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not so understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. .Certainly it is so. He
pays them out of his own pocket.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire, how much ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not fixed at all. He
may appoint any number of deputy collectors,
and fix the amount of their compensation.
Mr. DAVIS, What is to be his compensation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. His compensation is to
be, for the first $100,000 four per cent., and on
all over that amount, one per cent.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will move an amendment
to pay the collector a fixed sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Senator has got
to draw the whole bill over again. That is the
basis on which the whole system is founded. If
he is to come m here and fix the matter, after the
bill has been gone over two or three times and ar-
ranged specifically, it will only confuse every-
thing. I have no objection to the amendment, if
.the Senator will only peifect it and carry it out.
Mr. DAVIS. In view of the difficulties sug-
gested by the Senator from Maine, 1 will with-
drawmy proposition; but 1 still think there ought
to be a fixed salary, a maximum and a minimum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a maximum,
$10,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there ought to be mini-
mum also; and I think the compensation of the
pumipal collector and the assistant collectors
ought to be sepai ate and distinct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill is framed on a
different piineiple.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not want to mar or interfere
with its principle it) any way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Dees the Senator
withdraw his amendment?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes sir; I willulraw it.
Mr. SIJMNER. 1 wish to know, as a matter
of practice, whether we are to strike in the bill at
any place, or go over it again in order.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I understand every gen-
tleman is at liberty, as he pleases, to offer an
amendment, provided gentlemen are not too much
in a hurry, and do not tread oil each other's heels,
but take it coolly. [Laughter.]
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to propose a little al-
teration in the seventy-second section, page 99,
in regard to auction sales. I move, in the fourth
line of that section, after the word " auction," to
insert the word " not;" and at the end of the same
line to strike out the word " all;" so that it will
read:
Not eluding sales of stocks, [i'>:itlh, and other securi-
ties, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
state the object of his amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS, The object is to separate the
sale of stocks, bonds, and other securities from
the sale of general merchandise; to put one rate
of duty on the sale of general merchandise, and
another rate on the sales of stocks. There is a
very great disparity in the ordinary commission
on the sale of those two descriptions of property,
and I want the duty to have some relation to the
ordinary charges m those cases.
Mr. FEbSENDEN. I wish the Senator would
be kind enough to explain the whole thing before
we act upon it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will read the section as I
propose to amend it, and then you will under-
stand it:
That on and after the 1st flay of July, 1862, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on all sales of goods, wares,
merchandise, articles, or things at auction, not including
sales of stocks, bonds, and other securities-
There 1 want to insert—
a duty of two per cent, on the gross amount of such sales.
"Then when we come to the dutyon stocks I
want to insert after the word " provided"-—
That there shall be required to be paid under this section
upon any sales of stocks, bonds, or other securities, a duty
of one tenth of one per cent.
I propose a duty of one tenth of one per cent,
on all sales of stocks, and of two per cent, on all
sales of merchandise. 1 will explain the object. I
think the common percentage on the sale of stocks
is only about a quarter of one per cent, and if a
man is compelled to go to auction with them, he
would not want to give all he got for them to the
auctioneer. The duty upon the ordinary sale of
merchandise is two and a half per cent. 1 am
told, and I know it used to be the fact when I
was selling goods myself, that these auction sales
very much interfere with the regular business
and regular trade in the large cities. They cut
under the regular dealers. The auction establish-
ments are sot up mostly by foreigners, who im-
port their goods and put them up at auction.
They interfere very much with the regular trade of
the country. I think this amendment would make
a little check upon it. That is the only object I
have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is how shall
we get the most revenue.
Mr. SIMMONS. Under this amendment we
shall get two per cent, instead of one tenth of one
per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will it not diminish the
sales?
Mr. SIMMONS. If it does, it will be a great
God-send to the country; but 1 do not think it
will.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire if the States
themselves do not regulate this thing? For in-
stance: in the city of New York are not auction-
eers of merchandise compelled to pay one or two
per cent.; whereas auctioneers on stocks are not
compelled to pay anything.
Mr. SIMMONS. This includes sales of mer-
chandise. It only puts one tenth of one per cent,
on stocks and two percent, on merchandise.
Mr. GRIMES. But if in New York they al-
ready put two per cent, on merchandise, and we
put two per cent.,that will make it four percent.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not think it is two per
cent, in New York.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know what the amount
is; but the Senator is piedicating his argument on
the idea not so much for the public interest as that
they compete with merchants, and that they should
be permitted to prosecute this business. WhatI
want to guard againstis interfering with the States
in this matter.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do we not say in a half a
dozen places that we do not mean to interfere with
any legislation of the States ? The States and the
citiesalways regard this auction business as rather
detrimental to the regular trade of the community.
I think we might go in on shares with them, and
get a little of that profitable traffic. That is my
idea. I am willing to make it one per cent. I will
ask the Senator from New York to tell me what
the ordinary tax on the sales of auctions is in the
city of New York, to see if that will make it too
heavy.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand it is one eighth
of one per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then it will bear it. I will
modify my amendment, and call it one per cent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. One per cent, on all sales ?
Mr. SIMMONS. One percent, on all sales of
merchandise, and one tenth of one per cent, on all
sales of securities and stocks.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suggest as an amend-
ment to that, a tax of one percent, on all sales of
merchandise, and one half of one per cent, on all
do na Af
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is too much on
stocks.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have put it at one per cent.
now on merchandise; and one half of one percent,
on stocks is too much, more than the ordinary
commission.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is true; and one per
cent, on merchandise is enough.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have got one per cent, on
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island proposes to amend the bill by add-
ing after the word "auction," in line four, sec-
tion seventy-two, page 99, the word " not."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move to strike out
the word " all," at the end of that line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move to strike out
the words " of one per cent.," at the commence-
ment of the sixth line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to strike out the words " one tenth of."
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fur-
ther proposes to amend, by striking out, in the
fifth and sixth lines, the words " one tenth of."
Mr. HARRIS. I think we had better consider
a little before we propose such a tax upon auction
sales of stocks.
Mr. SIMMONS. This is not on stocks; it is
on merchandise.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then, in the twenty-third
line, after the word " sales," I move to strikeout
the words " not included in the provisions of the
second subdivision of section sixty of this act."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words the
Senator is reading have been erased from the bill.
There is nothing to amend there.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I will move to amend
it so as to read:
Provided, That a duty shall be required to be paid upon
any sales of stocks, bonds, oi' othei securities of one tenth
ol one per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that he would reach his object bettei'by mak-
ing a semi-colon after the word " sales," in the
sixth line, where it now reads " a duty of one per
cent, on the gross amount of such sales," and add-
ing " and a duty of one tenth of one per cent, on
ali sales of stocks, bonds, and other securities." .
Mr. SIMMONS. I will put it in there. I did
not know that the other proviso was stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the amendment is
to insert, after the word "sales," the words " and
a duty of one tenth of one per cent, on the gross
amount of all sales of stocks, bonds, and other
securities."
Mr. SIMMONS. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the bill, by striking out the fourth para-
graph of the sixtieth section of the bill, page 66,
fiom the thirty-fifth to the forty-second lines in-
clusive, in the following words:
4. Retail dealers in liquors, including distilled spirits,
fermented liquors, and wines of every description, shall pay
twenty dollais for each license. Every person who shall
sell or offer for sale such liquois m quantities than
thiee gallons at one time, to tlie same purchaser, Shalt be
regarded as a retail dealer in liquois under tili.^ act. But this
shall not authorize any spliits, liquors, wines, or malt
liquors to be drarik on the premises.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
why ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor from Maine asks why that paragraph should
be stricken out. My reason for making this mo-
tion js that I do not think any man in this coun-
try should have a license from the Federal Gov-
ernment to sell intoxicating liquors. I look upon
the liquor trade as grossly immoral, causing more
evil than anything else in this country, and I
think the Federal Government ought not to de-
rive a revenue from the retail of intoxicating
drinks. I think if this section remains in the
bill, it will have a most demoralizing influence
upon the country, for it will lift into a kind of
respectability the retail traffic in liquors. The
man who has paid the Federal Government
twenty dollars for a license to retail ardent spirits
will feel that he is acting under the authoiity of
the Federal Government, and that any regula-
tions, State or municipal, interfering with him,
are mere temporary and local arrangements, that
