3336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
•whio.h would be in antagonism with the bill that
the Senator is so anxious to have taken up, would
be of such vast importance that it ought to be laid
aside in order to take up his particular bill. If we
are going to pass this bill, the sooner we do it the
better for the public interests. We want to pass
it promptly, so that it may be sent to the House
of Representatives for their concurrence. I am. not
very strenuousabouttbe bill myself, lfthe Senate
. do not choose to pass.it, be it so. All I want is
a vote upon it-. It is a bill of a single section?"
authorising the President, if he sees fit at any
time during the pendency of the present insurrec-
tion , to issue letters of marque and reprisal against
the vessels and goods of those who are in rebellion
against the Government, and only against the
ships and the goods of those who have been de-
clared to be in a state of insurrection by proclama-
tion of the President of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not had an oppor-
tunity to see this substitute, but I understand it is
one of that series of measures which have been
advocated during the present session calculated to
divest Congress of its legitimate powers and sur-
render them all to the Executive. The Constitu-
tion intended that Congress should exercise some
discretion in regard to the granting of letters of
marque and reprisal. I understand this is a prop-
osition in advance, a general law—I speak of it, I
admit, withoutany very definite idea of what it is;
I have not read it—a declaration in advance con-
ferring upon the President of the United States the
authority, whenever he shall think proper, to issue
these letters in case we should ever have a war or
he should inaugurate a war.
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the original bill,
I understand.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not the substitute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to hear the
substitute read, that 1 may know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill, as it
now stands, will be read at length.
The Secretary lead, as follows:
Be it anactcd, .Vc.. That, the President of the United States
be, and lie ia hereby, authorized, during the continuance of
the pieseut Insurrection, to grautletters of marque and re
prlsat ( and tlrn piovisrohs In the act of Congress, approved
the 26th day of J une, 1812, entitled "An net concerning let-
ters of marque, prizes, and prize goods," and the aet of
Congress, approved the 27th day of January, 1813, entitled
"An aet in addition to tho net concerning letters or marque,
prizes, and prize goods," are hereby revived, and shall, be
In force tn relation to nil that part of the United States
wheie the Inhabitants have been declarod In a state of in-
surrection, and the vessels and property to them belonging.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems that this is a bill
to authorize the granting of letters of marque and
reprisal against the rebellious communities in the
South. I do not know that we need any such au-
thority as that. What navy have they got, or
what commerce have they got? Our vessels are
chasing them all over the ocean. Do you want to
fit out privateers as against them? I think it would
be exceedingly questionable. It is adopting a
very bad practice, and there is very little to be
accomplished by.it. I think we had better leave
what few vessels they can get out from blockaded
porta to the regular navy to capture, and not un-
dertake to fit out private expeditions against the
insignificant commerce of these rebels. It is giv-
ing them too much importance entirely.
Besides that, it seems to me it is recognizing
them. You might just as well declare war against
them. What is to be the effect of the passage of
such a bill as this ? Do you ever grant letters of
marque and reprisal ngainstany but a Power that
is one of the recognized Powers of the world ? I
am not sure what the effect of it will be. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] says that
no such thing as the granting of letters of marque
and reprisal was ever heard of except against an
independent nation-, and the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Collamer] adds "or a blockade,
either.'' I think the blockade was questionable;
and let me ask the Senator from Vermont if he
does not think so, too. If that was a false step,
is it best to take another? That very step has
been pressed upon us by foreign Powers; it is one
of the excuses that they are disposed to make for
interference. Now, if you grant letters of marque
and reprisal, they will have another excuse, and
■what is to be accomplished by it? What good is
to result? What is it that the Senator from Iowa
is after? Where is the commerce that is to be
affected by it? What private citizens are there
that ar« to be engaged in fitting out privateers-
tflen to plunder the commerce of the rebels? I
think there will be a great deal more danger of
their interfering with the lawful commerce of the
country than of this illegitimate commerce. There
is not enough of it, as I understand, to be worth
looking after.
Mr. GRIMES. There has been no man in the
Senate during this session who has been more
anxious, who has made more speeches and more
powerful arguments in favor of capturing and con-
fiscating the property of the rebels on land than
the distinguished Senator from Illinois; and when
there is here, as now, a proposition introduced
by which it is proposed to assist in capturing rebel
property on the water 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Iowa that I was never in favor of
private citizens going and capturing property.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator has been
in favor of taking rebel property almost any way
that he could get it; but here is a proposition to
call to our aid the militia of the seas to assist in
upholding the constituted authorities of the coun-
try. I stated yesterday that I was not precisely
representing my own views in regard to the neces-
sity of this measure. Were I the Secretary of
the Navy or the President of the United States, I
would not recommend it. I do not believe myself
abstractly in the doctrine of privateering. I am,
however, representing those who desire that this
measure should pass. They desire that they
should have an opportunity to avail themselves of
it if an exigency should arise hereafter to render
it necessary.  
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Iowa will
allow me, I should like to ask who it is that wishes
the bill to pass ? Any Department of the Govern-
ment ?
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that it is deemed
desirable by the Administration that this bill
should pass. The Senator from Illinois has stated
that this is a great abandonment of the power of
Congress, ana he thinks we ought not to grant to
the President the power to issue letters of marque
and reprisal. It is what has been done hereto-
fore in this country in time of war. If the Sena-
tor will refer to the statute of June 18, 1812, he
will find that it reads in this way:
"And the President of the United States is hereby au-
thorized to use the whole land and naval force of the Uni-
ted States, and to Issue to private-armed vessels of the
United States commissions or letters of marque and general
reprisal, in such form as he may think proper, under the
seal of the United States, against the vessels, goods," &c.
He had the power then to issue them if he chose.
That is all the power that is granted in this bill.
This bill does not revive tho act to which I have
referred, but adopts the language, to some extent,
of that act, in the first clause of the section, for it
contains only one section, and then revives the
two subsequent laws that were passed in 1812 and
1813, in regard to prizes,"prize goods, and letters
of marque, so^as to govern the method in which
they shall be issued, to declare the right of the
President to revoke them, and establish such reg-
ulations as are necessary to keep these vessels
from getting into difficulties with foreign Powers.
I stated to the Senate last evening the particular
reason why 1 understood that this bill was desired
to b« passed. It was to guard and to capture, if
possible, some ten or twelve iron vessels of war
at this time lying at Bermuda and Nassau, and
other points in the West Indies, all of which are
now under tho British flag, which flag, it is well
known, is to be hauled down as speedily as it can
he safely, and the confederate flag raised, and
then to become privateers against the commerce
of the United States. Now, so large an amount of
the American Navy is compelled to be there to
watch these vessels, that to some extent, and in
the view of the Administration, to a dangerous
extent, the ability and resources of the Navy are
crippled; and it is solely, as I understand, for the
purpose of allowing private citizens to take their
risk in capturing these private-armed vessels of
the confederates to which I have alluded, that this
bill is sought to be passed.
Mr.-TEN EYCK. The Senator from Illinois
asked what would be the effect upon the country
of the-passage of a measure of this kind. I do
not know what will be the effect upon the coun-
try. I can only judge from past events. About
a year ago, when Jefferson Davis published his
proclamation authorizing letters of marque and
reprisal, it sent a thrill of horror throughout the
whole North, and the public newspapers, with
scarcely an exception, announced the fact with a '
death's head and cross-bones at the head of the
article. There was nothing, that I am aware of,
that caused our volunteers to rush to arrns so
speetlily as this wholesale piracy which was at-
tempted to be legalized by the head of this rebel-
lion . Now,in one year it is proposed that we shall
issue letters of marque and reprisal to prey upon #
the commerce of the rebel States, or, as the Sen- "
ator from Iowa says, to capture British vessels
which are attempting to run into our southern
ports for the aid of the southern cause.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want to have that re-
mark go into the records. I did not say British
vessels. I said they were confederate vessels at
present, with the. British flag flying, but known
to be confederate vessels.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I stated it too broadly. In
the hurry of my remarks I was not exactly ac-
curate in stating the Senator's language. Sir, I
think that the passage of this act will do more to
disturb, and destroy, and weaken the confidence
of the northern public mind in the success of our
arms than anythingelse we can do. I had rather
that a dozen of those vessels thus lying in the
West Indian ports, with British colors flying at
their head, should get into southern waters, and
escape our blockade, than that this bill should
become a law. I think the effect will be most
pernicious and disastrous. In that point of view
I shall oppose the bill, although I may be very
greatly in error in the view which I take.
Mr. HALE. I hope the bill will not pass. The
Congress of the United States have voted money
to this Administration with a lavish hand for pur-
poses of naval warfare. They have put at its
command more money than can be used for the
purpose of building war vessels, and they have
withheld nothing that has been asked. The Navy
thus far has rendered a generous return for the
confidence that has been reposed in it, and fqr the
money that has beenexpenaed upon it; butl think
the passage of this bill to-day, after the explana-
tion that has been made by the Senator who has
introduced it, would be a confession of pusilla-
nimity and weakness before the world that would
be more disastrous to your cause, more demoral-
izing to the national spirit, than any defeat that
you could possibly suffer. It would be an admis-
sion that your- Navy was a failure, and that the
little handful of vessels which the confederates can
send out upon the ocean, whether of commerce or
of war, are too powerful for the gigantic efforts
that you have put forth; and you confess weak-
ness and call upon private armed vessels to come
forward and do that to which your Navy is in-
competent. I was satisfied when the bill was read
that there was something in it more than met the
eye, because the idea of a private-armed vessel is
not that of an aid to the Government to combat
the enemy, but it is holding out to the desire of
lucre and gain, if I may say so, in the commu-
nity, the prizes of the commerce of the enemy
which is to be captured by private-armed vessels.
That is the idea of privateering. It is a private-
armed vessel to prey on private vessels of the en-
emy and on their commerce, and they are rewarded
by the prizes which they make. There is nothing
of that sort here; there is no commerce of the en-
emy to be captured,comparatively noneatall; and
the idea that you want these private-armed ves-
sels to help you in the legitimate warfare which
you are making, and in the blockade which you
are sustaining, it seems to me is founded on a mis-
taken policy.
Again, sir, I think the point is well made that
was taken by the Senator from Illinois, that, you
ne ver call in the aid of privateers except in a war
with a public enemy, and the Senator from Ver-
mont suggested that there never before wasa block-
ade except in such a case.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said that blockades had
been known only among independent nations at
war, but the blockade declared by this Govern-
ment has been recognized by Powers abroad, and,
therefore, the question whether it was regularly
or properly instituted, originally, never came be-
fore our body.
Mr. HALE. The Senator will recollect, Jhose
who are-old enough to remember the last war with
England—I was a boy at the time—will recollect
what we did about blockades. We blockaded
