394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ Can any one doubt that at that time, forty-one
days after my friend's letter was written, the Pres-
ident of the United States and the Secretary of
State believed that the-then existing difficulties
which overshadowed the Union would disappear
under the intelligence of the people, and that by
means of a national convention and reasonable
conciliation we should be able to restore the re-
cusant States to the Union, and that war would
not take place, and, what is more, that our form
of Government was unfitted for the purpose of
waging war for the subjugation of the seceded
States ' ' "" ~
the
tes if they became thoroughly disaffected to
Union? That is the idea embodied in the pas-
sage I have road. If the President of the United
States and the Secretary of State, forty days after
the 1st of March, entertained that view of the con-
test, when it was much more lowering than it was
on the 1st of March antecedent, (for events pro-
gressed very rapidly,) how can my friend from
Indiana be supposed to be disloyal to his Govern-
ment because he then addressed a letter to the pres-
ident of the confederate States; and how can itbe
imagined that he then anticipated the civil war
which now exists throughout this country? I sub-
mit it to the judgment of the Senate; I submit it
to their recollection, because, after all, the whole
thing rests on a difference of recollection as to the
state of sentiment that existed at the time when
this letter was written and that which existed
subsequently to the 15th day of April.
I do not say that no mail anticipated that war
would come; I do not say that there were not
many men who supposed that war ought to have
commenced sooner on the part of the Federal
Government, and that it ought to have com-
menced and had the authority to commence ac-
tion immediately on any disobedience of a State,
by means of the military power as a primary
power. I do not agree with them as to that. I
do not believe now that war can ever restore this
Union. If it be disloyal to say so, the honorable
Senator from Minnesota may extend his motion
for expulsion 10 me. That is my frank opinion.
Though I believe that, I know my duties as a
Senator of the United States. 1 also know my
rights. 1 do not mean at any time to interpose
factious opposition to the course of a majority of
this Chamber; but I always mean, while 1 retain
a seat on this floor, to claim the right to canvass
the policy of an existing Administration and the
condition of the country, and to express freely
and unhesitatingly what I believe the interests o'f
the country require.
1 am perfectly aware that there are men who
think I hat even opposition to the Republican party
is disloyalty to the Union. There aie men who
think that though your reason and your judgment
tell you that war can never rflbct the restoration
of the Union, you are bound to advocate it. Others
may, if they choose, let their minds and action he
fetteied in that mode, [, for our, no matter what
the consequences, never mean to submit to it. I
say this in no spirit of defiance. 1 think the Sen-
ate will bear me witness that,4 seldom interfere
with their piactical measures; but where 1 think
any measure iswiong as leqards Us infraction of
constitutional law, wherever 1 think any nii'dsuie
is calculated to lie seriously injurious to the coun-
try, I should be false to my duty if I ilid not en-
deavor to expiess generally my opposition to that
measure, or to the course of policy connected
with it.
These are my views. I believe that the great
value ot the A mei ioan Union, and of any other
form of Government, is the preservation of lib-
erty—by which 1 mean a Government of laws,
seeming the right ot free speech, seeming the
freedom o( thought, and seeming fiee and ample
discussion of any question. And yet, sir, where
1 found a majority of this Chamber opposed to my
views, I would not pretend to raise mere cavils,
to annoy the Senate with trivial objections, on j
ev eiy question which arose, and appeal to tile pub- :
he ouunie in condemnation of the body. Such is i
not my view of public duty; but vv henever prill- !
ciples pioperly come up for consideration, I hold !
it to be u^ht and proper that I should express the j
opinions I entSrtain if 1 think the necessity of the I
case requires thutthatexpression should be made.
The Senate will pardon me for this digression! j
It arose out of an allusion to the effect of a differ- '
once of opinion in the body as to the course of i
policy that the future of our country would' be I
January 20,
most benefited by. I may be wrong; they may
be right; but it does not follow that numbers
make right. They may be in error; I may be
right; and my confidence is in the mass of the
American people, that, if my opinions be sound,
they will come to those opinions, and at no dis-
tant day.
Well, sir, turning now again to this letter, these
are the two points: first, that it is addressed to
the president of the confederate States; and next,
that it relates to some machinery connected with
fire-arms. I have endeavored to show what is
the natural inference from the langauge of a letter
written under such circumstances as existed when
this was written. I have endeavored to show
that, even subsequent to that period of time, the
idea of a collision of arms, of civil war—1 do not
mean of the magnitude 111 which it now exists,
but of civil war at all, of American citizens shed-
ding each other's blood—did not enter into the
general mind of the community. My friend from
Indiana stood in that position. I do not know
that lie had ever reasoned oat the solution of the
problem at that time; I do not know that any
of us had. Civil war came ;ipon us all by" sur-
prise. The progress of events was very rapid.
Alen might not see in March last their way clear
as to the mode in which a settlement was to be
effected, and yet they might have an abiding con-
fidence that the matter would be settled. For my
own part, I never doubted that conciliation was
a far more potent weapon for the purpose of rec-
oncilingdifferences, diffused through large masses
of men, than any attempt at coercive force, I
think so still.
Then, sir, where is the disloyalty? The hon-
oiable Senator from Minnesota turns to a subse-
quent letter and also to a few remarks made in the
Senate some weeks ago by my fiiend fiom Indiana
in relation to this invostigation, and he empha-
sizes and relies upon his declaration that lie would
do the same thing over again under the same cir-
cumstances, asevtdence ot'disloyalty. Why,Mr.
President, what js the fair meaning of all that he
said then, but this: " I look upon that letter as one
winch, under the same circumstances, I might
innocently write; it means nothing disloyal; it
means nothing improper; I thought so then if I did
write it, and I think so now?" Is not that the fair
interpretation of his language? Then as to the
other letter, what is it? It contains the strong
avowal of his earnest devotion to the integrity cTf
the Union. It is true he makes remarks m it that
may not be agreeable to the Republican party,
though he does not name them, I believe, as a
party, but he uses the term " abolitionism."
Well, sir, I hope it has not yet come to this, that
because a man is opposed to the Republican party
he is therefore disloyal; that because a man chooses
to characterize abolition as an evil to this country,
and as one of the causes and the prime causes
which have led to the present disastrous condition
of all.urs, he is therefore to be accounted disloyal!
If it be so—if that is the ground the Senate mean
to put it on—they will have several others to re-
move from tins floor, as well as the honorable
Senator from Indiana.
Hut, sir, with the exception of the remarks that
weic made heir by mv friend from Indiana, and
the purport and object of his letter of September
7, I know nothing that the honoiable Senator has
brought forward to sustain his charge of disloy-
alty. He has brought forward two letters, tiie
one dated the 1st of March, and the other dated
the, 7th of September, from "my farm." The
lattei shows certainly that Mr. Bright was de-
cidedly opposed to the Republican party. It shows
that he had a horror of abolitionism. It shows
that he thought it was a curse to the country.
Well, sir, is that a ground of expulsion? It may
be a reason why persons in the same State with ||
him would not vote to make him a Senator of the i|
United States or a Representative in Congress. It ij
may be a ground for political opposition. Ttmay {j
produce, if you please, unfriendly feelings; but can '<)
it be possible that this body would sanction such a -
doctrine as that that was the semblance ofaground
for expelling a Senator from his scat in this body?
The doctrine must go to that, because there is
nothing else objectionable in the letter from "my
farm. He avows in ihe strongest manner his
attachment to the integrity of the Union, and says
what we till know, that he ha.1? always been a
Union man; and here allow me to say that if you
are to measure loyalty by the past services and the
past conduct of Senators, my friend from Indiana
can compare, as regards his devotion to the Union,
with any member of this body.
But the honorable Senator from Minnesota not
only tells us what the Senator from Indiana does
say, but what he does not say; and because he
does not choose, in replying to a letter of a friend
in regard to the letter of March the 1st which "he
was alleged to have written for Mr. Lincoln, to
answer it exactly in the mode that the honorable
Senator from^Minnesota would have answered it,
an argument is made. Men must be careful now-
adays. They must "speak by the card," and
write by the card, too, because suspicion is so rife
that it seems it goes to this: that, in the judgment
of the Senator from Minnesota, if a man does not
answer a Ietterin commenting on another, and usq
exactly that style of expression which meets his
approval, it is not a ground for a mere difference of
opinion, not merely of distaste, not merely that
he thinks a different answer ought to have been
written, but it is a ground for the highest exercise
of power known to the Senate—expelling a mem-
ber from this body because his modes of expres-
sion are not acceptable to the Senator from Min-
nesota !
Mr. President, I forbear. I do not desire, in
this or any other case, to excite feeling. I am
never in the habit of carrying my own political
opinions ii%to the personal relations of individu-
als. There is not a member of this body, on this
floor, to whom I have a solitary feeling of per-
sonal hostility, or personal disregard, though I
differ vastly from the large majority. Though I
may have very different opinions of men on my
own side as well as on the other side of the Cham-
ber, I endeavor to estimate men according to my
notions of their whole course and career; and 1
am always fearful of saying, in this body, any-
thing which would be calculated to excite human
passion, or that could be regarded as aggressive
on any individual. I think that bad taste, and I
think it indefensible in every point of view. Nor
even as regards party, though I should oppose
party if it was wrong, and should use any argu-
ment that seemed to me fair or proper for the pur-
pose of showing its wrong and its error, do I
think that violent language is any proof of the
stiength of a cause. I never have thought so. An
argument may be stated; an objection may be
made in language as little personally offensive as
possible to those to whom you are opposed.
1 hope the Senate will proceed to vote on this
resolution. Bad as I think the state of the times,
excited as is the feeling throughout the whole
country, North and South, I cannot believe that
it is within the range of human possibility that
the proposition submitted by the Senator from
Minnesota, for the expulsion of my friend from
Indiana, can command the vote of a majority of
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, this matter is
before us on the report of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, and was considered originally of sufficient im-
portance to be brought to the attention of the Sen-
ate. The original charge is founded upon a letter
which accompanied the resolution when it was
introduced into the Senate, and which was referred
to the committee for explanation or proof. It
now comes back to the Senate with no additional
statement of fact, but under such circumstances
that, as I undei stand the charge, which is the
charge of writing the letter, is conceded; it comes
back without additional pioof, and it conies to the
senate without explanation. There has been no
explanation before the committee, that I know,
and there has certainly up to this hour been no
explanation from the sitting member; no attempt
to explain the letter; no attempt, if it be a charge, to
purge himself from it; and so," of course, we are to
take the naked charge contained in-the letter, and
to learn its import and our duty from it.
Now, Mr. President, it is obvious t^at there are
two classcs of opinions m the Senate. One class
regards thc_ whole of this charge as a most serious
charge against the sittingmember, and as convey-
ing u conclusive idea of disloyalty to the country,
which would disqualify a Senator to sit upon this
floor and discharge his'duties. On the other hand,
the honorable Senator from Delaware, who has
just taken his seat, thinks it trivial, ordinary* be-
lieves that it should not challenge even the attcn-
tion-of the Senate at all; and if I understand his
