3338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
many others, do not look upon this financial dif-
ficulty in so serious a light as I do. I believe, if
we are at all crippled in the prosecution of this war,
it will be because of the failure of our finances.
We are already embarrassed by a depreciated cur-
rency. Our bondsare already sold under par. We
have been wasting—I cannot but say it—the treas-
ure of this country with a lavish hand. We have
deliberately refused any-measure of reform except
that which relates to the Army; we have refused
to look upon the difficulty by which we are sur-
rounded; and I warn Senators that this is no time
for us to undertake a new responsibility which may
not be covered even by $1,000,000,000. If the war
is to be prosecuted to its ultimate termination, and
one million of tjiese slaves are held by loyal mas-
ters, you may involve this country in an expend-
iture equal to the value of one million slaves, wh ich,
superadded to all the other difficulties by which
"we are now surrounded, will certainly swamp us;
and when you have passed this provision once,
ingrafted it in your law, you have made it a con-
tract between the Government and the master, and
the Government and the slave; and then this Gov-
ernmentis bound by honortoemancipate theslave,
and to pay the loyal master.
Mr. President, before we embark in (his move-
ment, we ought to pause a. little. We do no in-
justice if we employ the slave of a loyal master;
ne is no more a slave than he was before; he is
made no worse; on the contrary, he receives the
incidental benefit which must arise from the eman-
cipation of the great body of his race, and it will
probably at no very distant period lead to his
emancipation and the emancipation of the whole
African race. lie receives the incidental benefit
of that employment in rendering loyal service to
the country. He is not injured at all. When he
renders service, he is none the less a slave. If
there are runaway slaves in Kansas, and I take
it that must be the case, if they are employed in
the service of the Government and they are dis-
charged after that service is rendered, they are no
worse off than they were before; and it does not
follow that because we now need the service of a
slave, we shall therefore guaranty to him, for a
temporary employment, what may cost the Gov-
ernment thousands of dollars.
This is too serious a proposition for us to act
upon lightly. We have no money to throw away.
It we ever had the lamp of Portunatus, if we ever
had an accumulation of money, it is now wasted
and gone, and wo are compelled by the sober re-
alities of war to look upon these financial ques-
tions, and not to embark in a new expenditure and
pledge our credit for a large sum of money with-
out counting the cost. 1 know the most thankless
of all business in the world*is to make objection,
and that which is but a repeated objeelion; but
that is our duty now; and 1 trust the desire of the
Senator from Kansas to emancipate the slaves of
loyal masters, or his desire to avoid even n hard
case, may not involve us in a principle which will
be dangerous, and which will add very much to
our already accumulated difficulties.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, i believe that the Sen-
ator from Ohio and the Senator from Connecticut
voted for the resolution, called the President's res-
olution, to emancipate all theslaves in the border
States and pay for them. Did you not?
Mr. BROWNING. Not to emancipate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. To emancipate .and
to remunerate them for their slaves. What does
my proposition propose?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senatordoes notstate
the proposition fairly; but still, as thatisso famil-
iar, I will not stop to discuss it. It was simply a
proposition that when a State inaugurated a sys-
tem of emancipation, then we would renderthem
just and fair aid in that movement. That was all
there was of it.
-Mr. LANE, of Kansas, t suppose that the
Senator acting under it meant what he said, that
if each and every one of the border States would
inaugurate a system of emancipation, Congress
would provide remuneration to them for the value
of their slaves so emancipated. What is my prop-
osition? To remunerate the loyal master for a
small portion of these slaves. Is that unmanly?
I will not say to the Senator from Ohio that his
proposition partakes of that character, for i have
too mucft respect for myself to make such a charge
as that against the Senator from Ohio; but I say
that his proposition is hypocritical. You arm
these slaves, and fight them in the Army of the
United States; and when that is done, I say it is
out of t^ power of the Senator from Ohio, the
Congress of the United' States, or the General
Government to return them to the loyal master
in a state of slavery. I propose to act frankly
and squarely with loyal men, and speak plainly.
After these men are armed, they cannot be en-
slaved. Rome knew that; our fathers in the Rev-
olution knew that; our fathers in the war of 1812
knew that. Rhode Island knew that when she
provided that every slave that was armed should
be freed. It wtfs all right in the war of the Rev-
olution to take the slaves of loyal masters to fight
against England; it was all right in the war of
1812 to take the slaves of loyal masters to fight
against Great Britain; but the white-glove policy
of carrying on this war must bo pursued; and al-
though it was right to use the slaves of loyal mas-
ters in the Revolution, although it was all right
to use the slaves of loyal masters in the war of
1812, it will not do as against traitors, who are
seeking to destroy the Government! If these
slaves are called into the Army, and are armed
and are taught the use of arms, it is hypocritical,
it is unmanly, to say to the loyal master thai after
^he war is over they shall be remanded to slavery.
I propose to speak plainly to these men, and say,
we cannot return you your slaves, because they
will be useless as slaves, but we will remunerate
you for the loss of their service.
DUTIES ON SUGAR.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I have a short bill to re-
port from the Committee on Finance, which same
from the House of Representatives ibis morning,
that I should like to have acted upon now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ey common
consent the special Older will be passed over for
the purpose of considering the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 report back, with an
amendment, the bill (H. R. No. 573) to impose
an additional duty on sugars produced in the
United States, andask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whoje.
It provides, that in addition to the duties imposed
by the act entitled "An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt," approved July 1,1862,
on all brown, muscovado, or clarified sugars pro-
duced directly from the sugar cane, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid under the provisions of
this act, upon all such sugars produced in the
United Stares, a duty of one cent per pound; and
such additional duty, and the duty specified in the
art of July 1, shall be levied, collected, and paid on
ail such nukui s (not. manufactured for consumption
in the family of the producer) in the hands of the
producer or manufacturer, on the day of the ap-
proval of this act by the President. Within States
or portions of States declared to be in insurrection,
these duties may be collected in such manner and
by such officers as the President may direct, until
the insurrection so declared shall cease or have
been suppressed. These provisions are not to
apply to sugar manufactured from sorghum.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
was, after the word " thereof," in line fourteen,
to insert " or of his agent or factor," so as to read:
" in the hands of the producer or manufacturer
thereof, or of his agent or factor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will state in half a dozen
words that the tax bill imposes a duty of one cent
a pound upon sugar. It does not, however, go
immediately^ into operation. The ordinary con-
sumption of the United States, as I understand,
is about nine hundred million pounds. This year
the Louisiana crop is over six hundred millions.
It is now coming forward, and it will very seri-
ously affect the revenue of the country.from for-
eign sugar, and we see no reason why domestic
sugar should not pay a reasonable duty. Before
we increased the duty on sugar, there was a duty
of about three fourths of a cent a pound; butnow
we have increased the duty to two and a half cents
on sugars imported, of the lowest quality, and
three and three and a half on sugars of higher
quality. This bill lays an additional duty of one
cent on sugars of all qualities produced from the
sugar cane in this country. The result is, that
they have half a cent protection on the lowest
grades now, even after this is passed, and one
cent, or one cent and a half on the higher grades.
We see no reason why it should not be passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate; and the
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert the word
"annually" before " levied."
The amendment was agreed ta.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
ADDITIONAL VOLUNTEERS AND MILITIA. '
The consideration of the foill (S. No. 394) to
amend the act calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions, approved February 28,1795, and
the acts amendatory thereof, and for other pur-
poses, was resumed as in Committee of the Whole,
the question being on the amendment of Mr. Sher-
man.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this going into de-
tails, and providing beforehand that we will pay
for the slaves of loyal men and not pay for the
slaves of disloyal men, before we get them, will
only embarrass the action of the Government and
embarrass the bill. For my own part I do not pro-
pose to vote to pay a dollar for any slave bought
by this Government. This Government has con-
demned that traffic, and hung a man since I have
been in the Senate for engaging in it, and I do not
propose to commit the Government to buying up
the slaves of the country ; I do not care whether
they belong to loyal or disloyal masters. It is a
kind of traffic which I do not think we can en-
gage in. If slaves come within our lines, and we
use them, let them be paid thirteen dollarsamonth,
or any other sum; but to hold ourselves respons-
ible to the master to pay what he may consider
the value of those slaves, is ridiculous; it is em-
ploying labor at a tremendous expense; a day's
labor may cost us $1,000. I do not propose to
commit the Government to that. Slave masters
have no loyalty to brag of. I do not propose to
give them a bone in advance, and pledge the Gov-
ernment that if we use one of their slaves we shall
pay for him. I do notpropose to embark this Gov-
ernment in the enterprise of buying up slaves.
We cannot afford it. There is no necessity for it.
It is not in harmony with the policy we have
adopted; and I shall vote against all these amend-
ments to buy up slaves, whether of loyal or dis-
loyal men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to make another
suggestion in that connection. Under this bill, if
it passes, a young white man eighteen years of
age will be mustered into the service of the United
Slates. The parents have a light, by the laws of
nearly all the States of the Union, and 1 think by
the laws of every State of the Union, to the ser-
vice of their sons until they are twenty-one. You
take those sons away from their parents, and does
anybody propose to pay the parents for their ser-
vice? 1 think it will be time enough to provide
for this hereafter.
Mr. 'SHERMAN. I understand the Senator .
from Kansas has not yet offered that proposition.
The question is on my amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall have the vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wliat is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois, that the effect of this amendment is
simply to confine the'emancipation clause to the
slaves of rebels.
Mr. HOWARD. The question is upon the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio,
which provides that the slaves of any person who
during the present rebel lion has borne arms against
the United States, or levied war against the Uni-
ted States, or adhered to their enemies by giving
them aid and comfort shall be rendered free. As
this amendment is worded, it is quite clear to my
mind that the clause will apply only to such rebels
as have actually borne arms against the United
States or actually levied war against them, and it
will not apply to that class of persons who have
adhered to the rebels, giving^them aid and com-
fort; because by the Constitution, in that clause
which provides that treason against the United
States shall consist only in levying war against
them or adhering to their enemies, giving them
aid and comfort, "enemies" mean public enemies,
