THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
celebrated Paixhan sixty-two pounders fell into
disgrace, and we had Armstrong one hundred
pound guns, and Lancaster guns, and rifled guns
of enormous extent of range and weight of metal.
Under such a state of tilings Mr. Stevens, to
carry out his original idea of furnishing his Gov-
ernment with a more formidable battery than pos-
sessed by any other Power, capable of resisting
and overcoming any force that might insult our
coast or attempt a passage into any of our har-
bors, found it necessary to enlarge very greatly
the proportions and capacity of his battery. With
the knowledge and consent of the Government
tins was done; and the battery, instead of being
one which would now be considered a third class
one, such as that of the Mississippi, is to be the
most formidable in all respects in the world. To
accomplish this, an entire change had to be made
in the size, power, and armament. Her locomo-
tive power was multiplied tenfold; hei increased
length and strength enabled her to carry a more
powerful battery than old-fashioned forty-twos,
or even new-fashioned Paixhans; and all this in-
volved an additional cost over the previous esti-
mates as reported by a board appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy—Captain Hudson, of the
Navy, and William Kemble, of New York—of
$812,000; §500,000 had been appropriated and ex-
pended on the battery on the new and enlarged
scale; $812,000 further became necessary. At
about this time the onginal contractor died, and
left as his executor his brother,Edwin A. Stevens,
a gentleman little inferior in mechanical genius to
his brother, to carry out his plans. Had the ready
means been in his possession, I know full well
that he would have completed the vessel and
trusted to the justice of Congress to repay him the
amount which had been expended over and above
the sums he had received from the Government.
But, Mr. President, the estate, large as it was and
is, is principally in real estate, and it is notneces-
sai y to mention to this body the difficulty, within
the past few years, except at ruinous rates of in-
terest, in laising so large a sum of money upon
real property, and especially (no matter what is its
value) if it is not productive. Hence the neces-
sity which Mr. Stevens felt to ask the aid of the
Government to furnish the means to complete her.
How his applications have been received it is not
necessary for me to state. A prejudice stronger
and more intense I have never known to exist
against any man, measure, or thing, than that
against this battery. I think it can be accounted
for. In the first place, if old cpmmodores could
have had their way, we never should have had a
war steamer in the Navy. In the next place, every
naval constructor regards as an invasion of his
lights and contempt of his position any effort to
construct a ship except upon his plan and under
his direction, at a public dock-yard. And again,
sir, there are others, mean and envious spirits,
who, conscious of their own inferiority, endeavor
to pull down their superiors to their own base
level. The success of Mi. Stevens in all his steam-
boat operations was a crime m their eyes; and
fiom all the various classes of persons referred to
there has been a constant clamor against him and
his plans, which has at length absolutely dis-
turbed, if not destroyed, the judgment of right-
minded, honest individuals on this subject.
But, ilr. President, it is not worth our while to
consume lime m endeavoring to explain the rea-
sons of the opposition to his battery. Let us look
at it, and see what is best to do with it. There
it is, at Hoboken, half finished. The Government
has aheady expended $500,000, and it will require
$730,000 more to lender this vessel effective. Shall
we throw away $500,000, or shall we pay an ad-
ditional sum of $780,000 for its completion? It
has been said m the debate on this subject that
this additional sum of $780,000, called for to com-
plete the Stevens, would put afloat three Mom-
tors, and it would be better to expend the money
in this way. Now, Mr. President, I differ " toto
c&lo'1 in this suggestion. Let us compare the effi-
ciency of the vessels to obtain aright idea on this
subject, and the com iterative cost of the two classes
of steamers. The Stevens will cost, say $1,280,000;
four Monitors will cost $1,100,000; the weight of
broadside thrown by the Stevens, directed to a
single point, will be equal to twenty-five bundled
or three thousand pounds: that of four Momtois,
if directed to the same point, one hundred and sev-
enty pounds each, only six hundred and eighty
pounds. And then the speed of the Stevens will
be equal to twenty miles an hour, so great as to
enable her to choose her position to fight against
any adversary; while the speed of the Monitors,
not exceeding six miles, would render them, one
and all, an easy sacrifice to a steamer of greater
weight, power, and speed. But I have not time
to pursue this branch of the subject. I turn to
another.
The Senator from Iowa says that the pressure
that has been brought to bear upon Congress, by
the press and other influences, will pass the bat-
tery. Now, Mr. President, the pressure, so far as
I have been able to understand it, is all the other
way. The number of contractors waiting to build
such vessels as the Monitor, upon which, it is said,
there was a clear profit of $100,000, must be very
large, if such report be true. Now, an appropri-
ation to complete a vessel half built would take
from them the proportion of the appropriation
which this would cover, or about two Monitors
and $200,000. Hence the wonderful exertions to
defeat the Stevens battery.
And now, Mr. President, for I dislike to tres-
pass upon the time of the Senate, I must speak of
the monstrous injustice which was done to Mr.
Stevens by that board which was appointed to ex-
amine and report upon the expediency of com-
pleting his battery. In reading the report, in con-
nection with the reply to it, the first impression
made upon my mind was, that the report of the
boaid had been made to order, and their verdict
agreed upon before a hearing of the case. How
else can you account for the extraordinary pro-
ceeding of the board refusing to remain three days
before making that report, to witness the result
of certain experiments by Mr. Stevens in regard
to the battery, that might have caused them to
make some changes in their report? They did
not do so, though specially invited, but hurried
to Washington "to lay their report—an ex parte
report—before the Navy Department before these
experiments were made. And what was the result
of these experiments which they refused to wit-
ness? They demonstrated that all, or, if not all,
nearly all, of the objections to the completion of
the battery were perfectly groundless. The only
one which could not possibly be obviated, was as
to the capacity of an unlaunchcd vessel to go to
sea. Here they were safe. I do not blame the old
commodores for the report, because I do not think
they knew much about it. Gallant souls, they
would fight 011 the decks of their ships as long
as a spar remained, or they would go down as
the Cumberland did, with her flag flying, before
surrendering to a rebel vessel. But, then, educa-
tion surely did not qualify them to act as judges
on great questions of naval construction—steam
power, and the other things, which certainly had
not been very familiar to them or much studied
by them in their active professional life, before
steam as a motive power had gained the victory
over wind.
But,Mr.Presidenl, the recklessness with which
assertions were made m regard to matters sus-
ceptible of easy demonstration and dispi oof aston-
ished me. For instance; they say in their report
that "firing guns over the light deck fore and
aft loading-house would demolish it, as every ar-
tillerist knows." Now, sir, when I read this I
could not but believe that a fact had been stated
in regard to the effect of firing guns over a light
deck—such as every artillerist knew—was con-
elusive against the whole plan of the battery.
Every artillerist knew it' ^Vell, what was the
result of the experiment, m.ulc m the presence of
hundreds of the most distinguished citizens and
authorities of NewYoik, Jersey City, and Ilobo-
ken, and Air. St inters and Cumin odoie Stringham,
two members of the board, who acknowledged
no damage was done, in tegard to a fact which
"which every aitillerist knew?" " A platform
was made to represent the deck of the battery, com-
posed of white pine planks two and a half inches
thick, resting on pine beams five inches square and
two feet apart, from center to center, and caulked
and pitched in the usual manner." This precisely
| represented the deck to be destroyed by firingover
it. This deck was three and a half feet below the
line of lire, and the result was that after the filing
no injury or change could be perceived in the deck
or its ciiulkin;rs.
An objection, which struck me with much force
at first, was that in reference to her sea-going qual-
ities. Her great length seemed to one unskilled in
such matters a serious objection, and that she
might at sea " writhe and twist to an extent that
might open the seams of her light iron sides." But,
sir, I remember well when the first sea steamers
were run between New York and Liverpool hear-
ing the most distinguished naval officers say that
they were so long and so sharp that they would
twist to pieces in a seaway, and that if they were
caught m the trough of a heavy sea they must
inevitably perish. But, sir, these sage predic-
tions have not been fulfilled. Year after year
longer and sharper and swifter steamers are put
upon the ocean, and have not been twisted to
pieces or swamped in the trough of a sea. The
truth seems to be that long and sharp as the Ste-
vens is, the Australian, three hundred and thirty-
two feet long and forty-two feet beam, which has
seen a great deal of very hard service, is more
slender than the Stevens, having a greater com-
parative length of beam; and the board intimate
that the battery is too slender, and, although she
has nearly twenty per cent, more strength thau
the Australian, is not fit to go to sea.
Before concluding, Mr. President, I will say
something in reference to the armament of the
Stevens. The guns, by reason of their great size
and the superior metal of which they are formed,
are believed to be their own protection. The size
and great strength of these guns may be inferred
from their weight, being over sixty thousand
pounds each, including the cariiage. If the guns
upon trial should not prove strong enough, they
maybe strengthened by wrought-iron bands so
shaped as to present an oblique surface to the line
of an enemy 'sfire, without impairing the efficiency
of the guns; or they may be protected by wrought-
iron structure, of any desired strength, placed over
the guns, without any alteration in the ship, and
still preserve all the qualities of pivot guns, which
can be fired in any direction or at any elevation.
This last plan would add only seven inches to the
draught of the vessel, making her diaught twenty-
one feet one inch to her load line, instead of twenty
feet six inches, as now, and requiring two hun-
dred and fifty-nine tons less water in her tanks to
settle her to her fighting line.
Mr. President, the recent glorious achievement
of the Monitor in arresting the Merrimac in her
attempt to destroy our fleet in Hampton Roads
1 fear may lead us into grave mistakes. It is im-
possible for a vessel of the size and weight of the
Monitor to resist a vessel of the power of the
Merrimac, if properly directed against her, un-
less she had so much more speed as to enable her
to escape from her. The Merrimac must have
been disabled on the day of the first battle, or the
re
differ
•csultof the conflict would probably have been
Jifferent. There is also, sir, a mistake in regard
to the qualities of the Monitor as to speed and sea-
worthiness. The utmost speed of tins vessel, with
full head of steam, and assisted byapowerful tow-
boat, was but five knots an hour. It will not do
to trust the defenses of our great cities to such
vessels. We must have weight, size, speed, and
invulnerable armor; and such a one 1 honestly
believe the Stevens battery will prove to bo.
Mr. CLARK. The objection was made yes-
terday, and I thought with some force, that the
guns of the battery were left entirely unprotected.
1 suppose the Senator from New Jersey has ac-
cess to those who know whataie the plans_ of this
battery; and I desire to ask him if lie can inform
; us what is the plan by which tile guns are to be
I piotected. We were told yesteiday that a plan
| had been devised or suggested by which they
•I could be protected.
ij Mr. THOMSON. Would the Senator like to
I! Koe the model and plan? I am no mechanic,and
II therefore cannot explain it.
II Mr. CLARK. 1 do not ask him to bring a
I model heie, but to explain to the Senate what it
III is. In the pamphlet presented by Ms. Stevens,
e one of which has been laid on my desk this morn-
|| jno- I suppose by panics interested m this bat-
|| tery—jt, is said that the guns may be protected by
> angular armament, conveying the idea that the
j o-uns are to he protected in some way. I got the
; same idea from the Senator; for he says they may
|l be protected by bands of iron, as though (here
II was some armament or some iron bands to be
■ thrown about these suns by which they are to be
protected, 'l'he same idea is suggested by Mr.
j, Stevens in his pamphlet, where he says that the
