1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
euns standing on the top of the deck-are to be their
own protection. The gunneristo beon that open
deck with those guns, exposed to the nre ot the
antagonist, and if he finds himself in danger he
can seek protection by getting down behind the
friendly side of the gun. That carries the idea,
that the seven guns composing her armament are
to be on top of the deck, as represented m the plan,
are to be revolved by a shaft below, and directed
by a man at each gun entirely exposed and un-
protected from the shots of the antagonist. I de-
sire to ask the friends of this measure, or any one
of them, what will become of those gunners if
they come so near an antagonist as that they can
be picked off by Minie balls? A man could not
live there a moment; the guns could not be han-
dlod.
I want to know what is the plan by which these
guns are to be operated and protected? I under-
stand how they are to be loaded. They are to be
depressed, the muzzle turned down to the deck,
at a hole in the deck, and loaded from below; but
there is to be a gunner on deck to manage the gun,
and, as I understand by this pamphlet, when he
sees a ball coming, he is to get down beneath the
gun to protect himself. That is the plan proposed
in this revolutionized state of warfare that is to
conquer all the vessels of war. The gunner is to
manage his gun, and he must keep watch, and
when he sees a ball coming hejs to dodge down
beside the gun. Suppose he is shot at with a
Minie ball, which he could not see, if the enemy
should set so near, how is he going to dodge that?
I want to know how the guns are to be protected
before we try this experiment. Can gentlemen
tell us?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. How would
you like to dodge a cannon ball ?
Mr. CLARK. I think dodging these balls
would be a good deal as the man said about
straightening a negro's hair: it would be busy
work, but not very hard. [Laughter.] Thismight
be both busy and hard, especially in close conflict.
1 desire to know if there is a plan by which these
guns are to be protected?
Mr. THOMSON. Did I not toll you that I was
no mechanic and had no plan of it? There is one
about here, which I have sent for and you shall
have it before long, and may examine it.
Mr. CLARK. " I did not suppose the Senator
was n mechanic; but I did suppose he understood
whether it was by armor or building a casemate
over it, or whatever the plan was. A man can
understand whether a house is to be built over a
gun without being a mechanic. I wish only to
know what the plan is; but it seems we are not
to know.
Now, one word in regard to the capacity of this
vessel as compared with four Monitors. The Sen-
ator admits that she will cost more than four Mon-
itors, but he says she will be worth more than four
vessels like the Monitor. I ask any Senator to
imagine this vessel in battle with the Merrimac,-
and then to imagine four Monitors engaged with
the Merrimac: which would be the most efficient?
In the one case, you would have a ship with seven
guns all exposed; ill the other case, with four
Monitors around her, they would be digging at
her in every corner, and would completely riddle
her. Then, again, when you have four vessels
like the Monitor, you have the advantage of hav-
ing four positions. You can have one in New
York, one 111 Philadelphia, one at Fortress Mon-
roe, and one somewhere else; you can divide your
force; but if you have the Stevens battery, you
must always have your force in the same place;
you can have only one vessel; you cannot have
that variety of service nor that convenience of ser-
vice that you can have with the other vessels.
These are questions for the consideration of the
Senate,because we desire to make the Navy effect-
ive; we desire to spend our money in the most
economical way. It is admitted that we can get
three Monitors more for the sum necessary to
finish this vessel, and I submit to Senators whether
it would not be better to construct them than to
complete this battery. But if this vessel must be
built, I do not know that I shall very much object
to it if they will take the plan suggested by the
Senator from Maine. Let Mr. Stevens agree to
build this vessel on his own responsibility, and if
she proves to be seaworthy, if she proves to be
efficient, if she proves to be built according to the
contract and acceptably to the Government, then
let the Government take her. I know Mr. Stevens
is confident his plan will succeed. I think he is
an honest man. I do not believe he would ask
the Government to take her if she was not what
he represents her to be. Let him, having had so
much money from the Government, now amount-
ing to half a million of money, take it upon his
own risk, if he is so very confident in regard to
it; let him do as Ericsson did—build her at his
own cost; and if she proves to be what he says
she will be, let the Government take her, and then
we shall have the benefit of the whole experiment,
and not ask the Government to run this risk.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to say a word in
derogation of the Monitor or any of our craft; but
gentlemen are entirely mistaken, utterly mistaken,
if they think that the Monitor, or as many of the
Monitors as can be built, ad infinitum, will answer
the wants and necessities and emergencies of the
service, and for this reason—I am sorry to say it,
because I do not like to say anything except what
is calculated to glorify us and all our people, and
all our instruments of war on the land and on the
sea—but in the matter of speed, the Monitor is a
failure, an entire failure. She does not make much
more than half the speed she was contractcd to
make. 1 think by the contract it was understood
that was to make eight knots an hour. 1 ask the
Senator from Iowa if it was not so?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, she was to make eight
knots an hour, and made somewhere in the neigh-
borhood of six. But I want to ask the Senator a
question.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. The Monitor was contracted
to make eight knots an hour, and does not make
quite six. The Government has made divers and
sundry contracts for the construction of engines
which were to propel vessels with a certain velo-
city. No one of them has ever come up to the
contract. Now, my fnend is advocating a meas-
ure here on account of the extraordinary celerity
of its motion, on account of the speed it will have.
What assurance has he that the Stevens battery
will come up any more to the representations that
arc made of it than the Monitor?
Mr. HALE. In regard to that, I will say that
I have no assurance on that point; but 1 notice
this fact ill looking over the report of the commis-
sion that examined this battery, and who knew
the speed that was expected of her: they made no
suggestions that there was anything in her that
was in contravention of that, or that would con-
tradict it.
Mr. GRIMES. They said they thought eight
engines might do it, provided the chaiacterof the
engines were changed from those which Mr. Ste-
vens proposed; hut the engines, as proposed by
Mr. Stevens, they did not believe could do it.
They go on and state, further, that the propellers,
by which she is to be driven through the water,
have not only not been made, but even plans of
them have not been furnished, and they therefore
had no means of judging as to what might be the
ability of the propellers to force her through the
water.
Mr. HALE. It is no part of my object to de-
cry the Monitor, or to build up this battery, but
simply to allude to the fact that the Monitor was
hot everything we wanted, and that an infinite
number of vessels of that class would notanswer
the emeigencies of the service. Frequentallusion
has been made to the conllict of the Monitor with
the Merrimac. Well, sir, everybody on board of
her was evidently astonished at meeting with the
opposition they did, and they undertook to fight
her, and overcome her; but if, instead of doing
that, and the Merrimac was a sea-going craft, and
she had concluded to put to sea, the Monitor could
not have helped it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Most certainly she could.
Mr. HALE. The Senator yesterday said he
did not know anything about this subject. 1
thought it was modesty in him then; but now I
know he does not. [Laughter.] The Merrimac,
according to the report from the captain of the
Monitor, makes from six to eight knotsan hour.
The Monitor made but five knots with a full head
of steam, aided by a powerful tug-boat. That was
the memorandum put into my hands as coming
from the captain of the Monitor himself.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the Mefrimac's?
Mr. HALE From six to eight knotsan hour.
Mr. GRIMES. She could make that when she
was a wooden vessel in our own service, before
she was cut down and before she was armored.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand it so.
Mr. GRIMES. When she was in our service
that was the height of her speed.
Mr. HALE. I understand she makes it now.
Mr. GRIMES. How does he know?_
Mr. HALE. By seeing her; and I think it is •
the opinion of everybody who saw the vessels at
the time, that the Merrimac is considerably the
faster vessel, and that if she chose to run away
from the Monitor she might. She did. This craft,
the Stevens battery, it is expected, and I think
anybody who will read the report will see, that
the officers who examined her had the opinion
that she would have, to say the least of it, more
speed than the Monitor or the Merrimac either.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from New
Hampshire saw fit to be a little facetious at my
expense just now, because I admitted my igno-
rance. 1 wish the Senator had been as frank;
but he has demonstrated it without admitting it.
[Laughter.] The facts are, that the Merrimac
before she received her armor, made the speed that
he states. Mr. Fox, the Assistant Secretary of
the Navy, told me he saw her in the fight; that
she was a faster vessel than the Merrimac; that
she could outmaneuver her and go all around her,
and do with her just what she pleased; that her
speed was two lmlesgreaterthan thatof the Mcr-
limac. That is all I know about it.
Mr. SUMNER. Whydid she not pursue her'
Mr. CHANDLER. Because her guns were hot.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, 1 profess to know
but very little about the construction of vessels of
any kind; but I think it is palpable to everybody
that the system of naval warfare as it has hereto-
fore been practiced, is to be entirely done away
with, and a new system inaugurated. Believing
that to be so, I suppose we shall have to pay a
good deal of money in Older to ascertain what form
or construction of these new-fashioned craft will
be the best. For a long time, 1 suppose, they will
be but experiments. Although the Monitor did
exceedingly well, and commended herself strongly
to the public by the exhibition she made of her-
self in the fight with the Merrimac, I am not sat-
isfied that she is the best construction for all pur-
poses whatever. She may be; but 1 am anxious
to see different models and different fashions tried,
even if it does, and no doubt it will, cost a great
deal to make the expeiiment.
Sir, the old navies that were afloat at the com-
mencement of thi^century would be of no account
at the present day. That famous navy which
made England the mistress of the world, and was
the wonder and astonishment of the world some
fifty years ago, if it existed now in the same form
would be of no account whatever. Even her
wooden steamships, which succeeded to her old
formidable navy, would be of little service. Their
power seems to have culminated, and seems now
to have been superseded by these new iron-clad
steamers in some shape or form. I do not believe
that the vast steam navy she has now, consisting,
I believe, of some five hundred steamships ot the
old wooden construction, is going to be of much
account. I do not know how far these new iron-
clad vessels are to be sea-going vessels. I hope
they will notanswer for that purpose; because,
if they do not, we are about to start an even race
with the greatest of the maritime nations on the
face of the earth. If they cannot avail themselves
of this kind of ship with which to cross the ocean,
it will be easy for us to defend ourselves against the
most formidable nation of the world, and at a com-
paratively small expense. I hope it will be so;
that they will not be a sea-going vessel; and if that
shall he proved, we need not fear any nation on
the face of the earth. In that case, I think Great
Britain will very soon cease to threaten us when
they think we are in trouble.
As we are about to commence an even race or
nearly so with all the formidable maritime nations
of the world on this subject of a new constructed
navy, I am very anxious that we should begin
arighteven if itcostus something; that we should
try the experiment m different forms. I believe
it isnotdenied thatnaval architects of the greatest
skill and genius have long been employed upon
this craft. I do not profess to understand it so as
to explain it, or so as to show why it is the best,
if it is the best; but this I k$ow, that a man, ac-
knowledged to be one of the best naval architects
