1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3341
House had passed the following bill and joint res-
olutions; in which itrequested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (No. 5G8) to provide for the printing
of the annual report of the banks of the United
States;
A joint resolution (No. 107) further to provide
for the compensation of members of Congress; and
A joint resolution (No. 108) requiring the su-
perintendent of metropolitan police to pay over
certain moneys collected for fines and penalties to
constitute a contingent fund for certain purposes.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives insisted upon its amendments to
the resolution of the Senate (No. 86) regulating
the employment of the convicts in the penitentiary
of the District of Columbia for their improvement
and benefit, disagreed to by the Senate, asked a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Charles
R. Train of Massachusetts, Mr. J. A. Gurley
of Ohio, and Mr. R. H. Duell of New York,
managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President ;>ro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 250) to amend an act entitled
" An act to create a metropolitan police district
for the*Disirict of Columbia, and to establish a
police therefor,M approved August 6, 1861;
A bill (S. No. 358) to prevent membersof Con-
gress and officers of the Government of the United
States from taking consideration for procuring
contracts, office, or place from the United States,
and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 280) to establish and equalize
the grades of line officers of the United States
Navy.
EMPLOYMENT OF CONVICTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the res-
olution of the Senate (No. 86) regulating the em-
ployment of the convicts in the penitentiary of the
District of Columbia, for their improvement and
benefit, and,
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Resolved. That the Senate insist upon its disagreement to
theamendmentsoi the House of Representatives, and agree
to the conference asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Ilou-es thereon.
Oidered, That the committee of conference on the pait
of the. Senate be appointed by the President jm>£e?ry>ore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Grimes, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr. Anthony.
ADDITIONAL VOLUNTEERS AND MILITIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 394) to
amend the act calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union,-sup press insurrections,and repel
invasions, approved February 28, 1795, and the
acts amendatory thereof, and for other purposes.
Mr. BROWNING. I move to amend the bill
by striking out, in the third and fourth lines of
the thirteenth section, the words il his mother and
his wife and children."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am in favor of
employing the negroes of the country, slaves or
not, to the utmost possible extent to which their
services can be made available in aiding the coun-
try in suppressing the rebellion. My belief is that,
■with some very inconsiderable exceptions, this
has already been done, and I believe that there is
a vast amount of misapprehension pervading the
country in respect to this subject. There has been
in Congress, and out of Congress, a vast amount
of declamation and sentiment in relation to our
soldiers being employed in menial services, in dig-
ging trenches, and all that sort of thing, when ne-
groes ought to have been employed m doing it.
Sir, that is a delusion. To the utmost extent to
which that could be done it has been done. To
show that that is so, let me read a letter that I have
recentlyreceivedfrom General McClellan himself,
and I take this occasion because I would be glad
to put it before the country. It is dated on the
12th of July, in which he says:
" [ perceive by the newspaper reports of congressional
proceedings that there has been considerable discussion on
the subject of requiring military commanders to receive ne-
groes seeking protection in their camps and to employ them
in suitable labor connected with military service. It may
be well enough for the fact to be made known that all ne-
groes, male and female, who have come into the camps of
the army of the Potomac, on the peninsula, have been pro-
tected and set to work, at wages, in performing offices
which would otherwise have devolved upon our soldiers.
The supply of those operatives has thus far been insuffi-
cient for our wants."
This is signed by General McClellan himself;
Now, sir, that is right. I am in favor of doing
that, and I am in favor of holding up inducements
for them to come in our lines,'male and female,
as is said in this letter, and I would make them
all free. Sir, every colored person now bound to
slavery, if he is employed by the Government a
single hour in aiding to suppress this rebellion,
should be made free. I would therefore provide
by this law (and it was for that reason that I voted
against the amendment of the Senator from Ohio)
that any man who would aid us in putting down
this rebellion should thereby be made free. To
that extent I am willing to go. I want to make a
provision that shall,be available, that shall be use-
ful, and I want to strip it of all sentiment and bun-
combe. So far as this proposition is concerned,
embraced by the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, I am with him in that. I do not
believe you can make it a practical thing. The
Senator from Vermont the other day, in most elo-
quent terms, showed the difficulty of applying this
provision. Who are the children of the slaves;
who is the wife of the slave? Sir, it is only ad-
ministering to the sentiment of the country on this
subject. It is not a practical thing; it cannot be
carried into effcct. I am therefore opposed to it.
Let us have the scction providing for the employ-
ment of the services of slaves, and declaring that
if they are employed by our Government they
shall be free. To that extent I go. If afterwards
it be found that we have, by the operation of this
law, made free the slaves of loyal men, let that be
a subsequent question to be determined. I am not
for providing pay now, nor am I for providing for
any distinction between the slaves of loyal men
and those of disloyal men. I would, therefore, in
the commencement of the section, strike out the
words " any man or boy," and insert u any per-
son,5' and then I would adopt the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HOWE. 1 was very glad to hear the letter
which the Senator from New York justread to the
Senate. I was very glad to hear his statement that
he believed that, so far as it was practicable to do
so, colored people had been employed to do the
menial work connected with this war. I should
be still more gratified if I myself entertained the
comfortable faith which the Senator from New
York has just professed, but I am not able to en-
tertain that belief. I have very recently seen very
striking and conclusive evidence to the contrary.
I do not know but that it may be true, as General
McClellan asserts in the letter, that he has em-
ployed this description of help to the extent of his
ability; but he does not command the only army
the United States has in the field. Among others,
there is one in possession of the lower Mississippi,
at the head of which is General Butler. I have
recently seen a correspondence between Brigadier
General Williams, commanding a brigade in the
army of General Butler, and Colonel Paine, who
commands a regimenX of Wisconsin volunteers.
That correspondence commences with an order
issued by Brigadier General Williams to Colonel
Paine, commanding him to exclude from the lines
of his camp all fugitives and all persons of color,
and pronounces upon his official responsibility that
taking possession and keepmgpossession of these
people is demoralizing to our troops, and he orders
that the whole of them be excluded from our lines.
Against that order, Colonel Paine, in very appro-
priate and becoming terms, remonstrates, insist-
ing that it is in direct violation of an article of war
recently enacted by the Congress of the United
States. To that remonstrance the general makes
no other reply than to demand of the colonel a
specific answer whether he will or will not obey
his order, and the colonel makes a specific reply
to that by saying that he will not obey it, the re-
sult of which is that he is at once placed under
arrest, and he was under arrest at the last dates
from that portion of the country.
I have tne correspondence here, and as I think
it of great interest to the country, and as it seems
to be .germane to this debate, I beg leave to pre-
sent it;
Headquarters Second Brigade,
Baton Rouge, June 5, 1862.
[General Orders No. 46.}
In consequence of the demoralizing and disorganizing-
tendencies to the troops of h<n boi ing runaway negroes, 16
is heieby ordered that the respective commanders of the
camp5! and garrisons of the seveial regiments second brig-
ade, turn all such fugitives in their campj or garrisons out
beyond the limits of their respective guards and sentinels.
By order of Biigadier General T. Williams:
WiCKIIAM HOFFMAN,
■Assistant Adjutant General.
To that order,this reply was made:
Headquarters Fourth Wisconsin Regiment,
Baton Rouge, June 5, 1862.
Sir: An order of Brigadier Geneial William*, of this
date, lias just readied mo. It is m the following words :
Headquarters Second Brigade,
Baton Rouge, June 5, 1852.
[General Order No. 46.]
in consequence of the demoralizing and disorganizing
tendencies to the troops of harboring runaway negroes, it
is hereby ordered thai the respective commanders of the
camps and ganisons of the several regiments second brig-
ade turn all such fugitives in their camps or garrisons out
beyond the limits of then guards and sentinels.
By order of Brigadier General T Williams:
WTCKHAM HOFFMAN".
The following are the provisions of an act of Congress-
apptoved IMaich 13,1862, entitled " An act to make an ad-
ditional article of war:"
" lie it enact edby the Seriate and House of Rejrresentativez
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
heieafter the following shall be promulgated a-s an addi-
tional aiticlo ol war for the government ot'the Atmy of the-
United States, ami shall be obeyed and ob.-eived as such:
"Art. —. All officers or persons in the military or naval
service of the United States are prohibited fioro employ-
ing any of the forces under their respective commands for
the purpose of returning fugitives liom service or labor
who may have escaped from any person to whom such ser-
vice or labor is claimed to be due, and any officer who shall
be found guilty, by a court-martial, of violating this article
shall be dismissed ftom the service.
"Sec. 2. wind be il further enacted, That this act shall take-
effect ftom and after its passage."
it i* tine that the oider of General Williams dons not in
terhis rcqune regimental commandos to employ their guards-
or sentinels for the purpoj-e of returning fugitives, but it
equally true that the oider in effect require nothing else.
For it H notorious that the regimental camps are watched,,
not only by pretended owner*, but aUo bv men who hunt
for pay, into whose gra^p the fugitives will fall the very in-
stant the guaid tlnu-t them over the line*.
Within my personal knowledge many fugitives have been
received aboiud our transports at diiierenl places in tins
State by Geneial Williams, and have, upon close interro-
gation, given him important miliiaiy inlbimation. Suctr
of these as have not already been leturned to their owneis,
may still be in the canip-s of this brigade. What their fate
will be, if delivered up to claimants or hunters, it is easy
to pi edict. It seems tome that while their surrender would
be in palpable violation of the law, it would also in its
moral aspect, be obnoxious to the gravest objections. The
order of Geneial Williams forces upon mc an alternative
which is pecuhai ly painful, because with me " obedience
to orders" has always been, in piactice as well as theory,a
fundamental military maxim. I am compelled either to dis-
obey him or defy the sovereign powei of the Republic.
in this matter I cannot hesitate. No punishment foi dis-
obedience to this order can be so intolerable as would be
the consciousness of having violated the law, by compel-
ling iny guaids to return to vindictive rebels fugitives whose
information has been sought and used for the benefit of our
aims. While I have the honor to command the fourth
Wij-consiti regiment, it cannot, with my consent, be em-
ployed in violation of law for the purpose of returning
fugitive* to rebels.
Your obedient servant, H Fi. PAINE,
Colonel Fourth Wisconsin Regiment.
Captain Wickham Hoffman, Assistant Adjutant General.
Headquarters Second Brigade,
Baton Rouge, Louisiana, June 10, 1862.
Colonci : Your letter of the 5th mstantis not sufficiently
definite. You will state categorically whether or not you
will obey General Order No. 46.
By ordei Brigadier Geneial T. Williams.
HENRY H ELLIOT,
Lieutenant and Acting: Assistant Adjutant General.
Colonel II. E. Paine, Fourth Wisconsin Volunteers.
Headquarters Second Brigade,
Baton Rouge, June 10, 1862, 7£ o'clock, p. m.
Colonel: Your attention is called to a communication
from these headquarters this morning m reference to Gen-
eral Order No. 46, to which an answer is required imme-
diately.
By order, HENRY II. ELLIOT,
Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
Colonel H. E. Paine, Fourth Wisconsin Volunteers.
Headquarters Fourth Wisconsin Volunteers,
Baton Rooge, June 10,1863.
Lieutenant: In obedience to an orderof this date from
brigade headquarters, informing me that my letter <3f the
5th instant is not sufficiently definite, and requiring mp
to state categorically whether or not I will obey General
Order No. 46, I havx; to state that for the reasons given iu
