1862.
THE COJNTGrBESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill proposes to cede there are, so far asisknown,
110 mineral lands; but, out of abundant caution,
there is a reservation made of all mineral lands
which may be hereafter discovered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. From the casual
reading of the bill, I have not been able to ascer-
tain precisely the locality of this tract, except that
it is m the southeastern portion of the State. I
ask whether it does not include the valuable tin
mines recently discovered there?
Mr. CRISFIELD. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me, I will answer the gentleman's
question. The region of country proposed to be
granted is the base line between the San Bernar-
dino mountains and the Coast Range of mount-
ains. It is an alluvial district.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. How far west of
the San Bernardino mountains?
Mr. CRISFIELD. The eastern boundary of
the tract is at the foot of the San Bernardino mount-
ains.
Now, sir, there are no minerals there, so far as
the committee have been able to discover; and
while there are no mineral lands m the tract, yet
the committee, out of abundant caution, have re-
served to the United States all minerals and min-
eral lands which may, at any time, be discoveied
upon the tract pioposed to be granted.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I did not propose to discuss
the merits of this bill on the present occasion. My
object in rising was, in the first place, to direct the
attention of the House to the action of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and, in the next place,
to ask that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where it
can be properly considered and discusscd.
The SPILAKER. Does the gentleman make
that motion ?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I do.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I hope that the jnotion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union will not prevail. I believe
that this House are as well able to act on this bill
to-day as they will be at any future time. If the
House think it proper to reject the bill, I have not
a word to say. 1 have no feeling on the subject
one way or the other. I think, however, that the
bill ought to lie acted on now. I cannot conceive
the purpose of sending this bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, cxcept by
a side blow to kill it. If it be the pleasure of the
House to vote down the bill, let it be done now.
All I want is that there shall be immediate action.
1 demand the previous question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
from Maryland to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, in order that I may make an
inquiry.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The inquiry I desire
to make is this: whether, in the judgment of the
gentlemen of the Committee on Public Lands, a
grant to California of the alternate sections of this
land would not be a sufficient inducement to that
State to construct the series of canals described
in the report? It appears from the report that the
character of this country is not the result of nat-
ural barrenness, but chiefly because of Us aridity.
It is believed that by a proper system of irrigation
this land maybe made highly productive and val-
uable. My inquiry to the f.-entlemen of the com-
mittee, then, is this: whether the grant of the al-
ternate sections of this land to California would
not induce that State to carry out the proposed
system of hydraulics? I would like to have an
answer to the question.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I am of the opinion that
it would not; and that, in my judgment, was the
opinion of the committee. The reason which in-
fluenced my mind was this: if the State ot Cal-
ifornia is expected to pursue the system of irnga-
tmg this laud, as suggested in tiie letter ot General
Emory, then tliatState must have the unrestricted
right of way, which it could not have if only al-
ternate sections are granted.
Again: there is a comparatively small portion
of this region which could be improved by irri-
gation. If the suggestion of the gentleman fiom
New York were followed out, the State of Cali-
fornia would not have the unrestricted right of
way; and, ill the second place, by getting the al-
ternate sections, the Slate of California would lose
one half of what is proposed to be reclaimed.
Mr. COVODE. Being a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and being seldom in at-
tendance upon its sittings, and as I was present
at the time this bill was considered, I desire to say
a word on the subject. This bill was reported for
the purpose of getting the sense of the House on
the subject. I believe I gave it as my opinion to
the committee at the time that a party could be
found to irrigate this region for the alternate sec-
tions. At all events, I believe that the suggestion
of the gentleman from New York is a properone,
and that this desert region can be improved, as,
proposed, for the grant of the alternate sections
of land.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, after the re-
marks made by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Ciusfield,] who reported the bill fiom the
Committee on Public Lands, I do not deem it
necessary to go into any extended discussion in
relation to this matter. With that gentleman,'and
a majority of the members, 1 believed that this
bill was just. This vast tract of land is now and
has always been entirely useless, barren, unpro-
ductive, and so it will continue to be, unless this
contemplated improvement is made. It will never
be made by the General Government, and it will
never be made so long as the title to this land re-
mains in the United States. If the State of Cali-
fornia is allowed to make this improvement, it is
possible that this land may be brought into an
arable state. That was the view of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands; we were willing that these
lands should be given to the State of California,
ill order that this great improvement might be
made. We were willing to make the experiment,
and to make it through the Slate of California.
I therefore cannot conceive what reasonable ob-
jection there can be to this bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Is the Committee on
PublicLands in possession of any estimate of the
probable cost of constructing this series of canals?
Mr. POTTER.. No sir; we only know that
the water is to be drawn from the Colorado river,
and that the expense will be great because of the
character of the soil that the canals will have to
pass through. I hope that the bill will be passed.
I have no interest in it beyond seeing this great
improvement cariied out.. The subject has been
investigated by the committee, and especially by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Crisfield,]
whose able report is before the House. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. WASH BURN E. In order to test the sense
of the House, I move that this bill be laid upon
the table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope that the
motion to lay upon the table will be withdrawn,
so that we may have the vote on inferring it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, in
otdcr that I may say a word.
Mr. POTTER. I decline to withdraw it. Let
us have a vote.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was laid upon the table; there
being, on a division—ayes eighty-two, nous not
counted.
Mt. TIIIMDLE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEY OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 187, to re-
duce the expense of the survey and wale of the
public lands in the United States, with amend-
ments.
The amendments recommended by the commit-
tee were read, as follows:
First amendment:
i Stnko oat. in linos two and three of section four, the
i wordJ, •* until otherwise* otdcied by the Piesident, ' and
■ illicit flic tollowmg: "upon the ieeommendation of (ho
i Coimniwonor of the Gcneial Land Cilice, approved by tho
' Secictaiyot the Inteuoi, the President may order that; j
i so that tho clause \m1I lead :
Th.it iroiii and attei the Ut day of July next, and upon
the recommendation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, approved by the riecietary of the intei lor, the
President may older that the Teintories ot Utah and Colo-
rado shall constitute one surveying district, &c.
Second amendment: ;
To the seventh section, add the following proviso.;
Pro aided., The provisions of this section shall not tie held
to authouze the preemption and settlement of minefojd
lands, which are hereby exempted from the provisions of
this act.
Mr. POTTER. I would remark that this bill
passed the Senate some weeks ago, and has, been
before the Committee on PublicLands a long-time*
Indeed, the committee have been ready to report
the bill for several weeks. It will be seen that it
proposes to reduce the expenses of surveying the
public lands. It also provides that in relation to
the private land claims which have been surveyed
at the public expense, that such expenses shall be
paid those interested in such claims. I will read
from the report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, made last year, in relation to
this matter:
"There i;? another matter in this connection requuing
consideration, and that is the expense to the United States
in the survey of confirmed private land claims. The cost
of these in California, to 30th September, has reached
$ 157,095 03.
"This has been materially increased by judicial interven-
tion, under act of Congiess approved June 14, 1860, defin-
ing and regulating the jmisdiction of the district courts Jn
Oaiiloinia, 'in reg.ud to the survey and location of con-
fiimed puvate land claims,' pursuant to which the power
to deteiimno que.-.tions of location and to alter or modify
boundaries is conieircd on the courts. Returns have re-
cently reached here, whereby the cost of the survey to the
United States of n single ranchois shown to be $2,674; an-
other at the cost of $1,611 35; and one from New Mexico
at the cosit of ,"$1,900 26.
It 19 recommended that an act be passed requiring sur-
veys of such confirmed claims to be made at the expense
oi "claimants, as requhed ni eailier legislation."
It is provided in this bill that in all these cases
that those who desire the Government to survey
those private land claims, shall first deposit secu-
rity with the surveyor general for the payment
of all expenses incident to these surveys.
It will also be seen that this bill provides for the
consolidation ofall offices which tho Commissioner
of the General Land Office shall report to the Pres-
ident ns being unnecessary.
On the same page of the report, in reference to
the expenses of the services in California, the
Commissioner says:
" Fiom the denization of this surveying district to the
;iOth of June last, there have been surveyed in California
90,18-2 lineal mile*, embracing 18,5.53,988 acres, at a cost of
about ,763,633 48.
"In view ofvuoh immense field operations, at so heavy
auouilav, and Willi most inconsiderable insults to the Treas-
ury, thw office proposes but a small appropriation, for the
present, to be applied lo the survey of puvate land claims.
lk In cotiMileiing the subject in this point of view atten-
tion it- diau n to tlx- heavy cxpcndituics incident to the pub-
lie land admmn-.tr.mou in that Stale, m comparison with
the inoonsideiable receipt* and geneial results in regard to
the di^pos-al oi the public lands.
'•There aie now -ax local land distnef in the State, hav-
inginthe agurcaate twelve ollicei^.letters ami leceivers,
wall a tealarv ot §3,000 each, besides allowance for office
rent and incidental*, making the expcndiiuie for the year
ending 30th June, 1331, about $42,600 00
I3e«ides tin*, there is a United Stares sur-
veyor «enetal, with a salaiy of $4,000 per an-
num, with clei'ks, nanclator, and incidentals,
including $2,100 per annum for office ient,at
the eoct tor last tiseal year of  26,297 86
£t Making a total of   $68,897 86 "
This bill proposes to remedy all these evils and
to reduce materially the expenses of these offices.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
came before the committee sometime ago and urged
the importance of the immediate passage of this
bill on account of the fact that there is already an
appropriation made for this purpose, and it was
necessary that the bill should pass in order that
such appropriation should not be expended under
the old law. I propose to put the bill upon its
passage at the present time. I move the pievious
question. , ,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the amendments recommended
by the Committee on Public Lands were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
LAND MAPS, ETC.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, offered the following resolutions:
Resolved., That the Committee on Public Lauds be au-
thorized to employ a cleik lor said committee, who shall,
in addition to iu  uMial duties, be chained with the care,
picservation, and continuation of tho series of land maps
ordered for the u«e ot said committee by the resolution of
