1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
DEBTS DUE LOYAL AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. SPAULDING introduced a bill to organ-
ize the United States tribunal to enforce by civil
and military power the payment of debts and dam-
ages due to loyal American citizens, and the res-
toration of their property and effects in certain
causes arising out of the rebellion; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
SCHOONERS DOLPHIN AND NORTH STAR.
Mr. LANSING introduced a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue xe^isters to
the schooners Dolphin andNorth Star, of Oswego,
State of New York; which was read a first and
second time
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to refer that hill
to the Committee on Commerce. It is the prac-
tice of the committee to refer all such matters to
the Secretary of the Treasury, to know whether
there is any objection to changing the names. *
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
ADDITIONAL JUDICIAL DISTRICT NEW YORK.
Mr. D1VEN introduced a bill to establish an
additional judicial district in the State of New
York, and in relation to the courts of the United
States in said State; which was read a first and
second time,and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
THOMAS LANDON.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH introduced the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the papers on file in relation to the case
of Thomas Lundon, a boldier ot the Revolution, relating to
his claim for a pension, bo taken fiom the hies andreferied
to the Committee on Pensions.
IIAREOIi, 01? ERIE.
Mr. BABBITT introduced the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
llcsoh ed, Thai the Committee on Commeicebe instructed
to mqune into the expediency of adopting measures lor the
preservation of the haiborof Lne oil Lake Erie.
REGIMENTAL BANDS.
Mr. McPHERSON introduced a bill to dis-
charge from service, on the 1st of March, 1862,
the bands of volunteers; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
TRANSMISSION OF MONEY BY MAIL.
Mr. ANCONA introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commit too on the Post Oineo and Post
Roads be requested to mquue into the expediency of estab-
lishing a money oidei system for the tian>misMon oft-mail
amounts in safety by United States mad; and that they be
directed to leport by hill or otherwise.
ENGAGEMENT AT DRAINSVILLE.
Mr. MOORHEAD in troduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to this Hou^e copies of all the repoits made of the re-
cent engagement at Diainsville, with a view to asceitam the
names of those who rendeied distinguished services on that
brilliant occasion.
VESSELS CHARTERED BY GOVERNMENT.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the special committee on Government
conducts by dnceted to luither investigate all the lacNand
circumstances connected with the purchase and ciuiter of
vessels by the War and Navy Depaitments, and the manner j
and cost of repairing, furnishing, and titling out the same. ;
CHAPLAINS IX THE ARMY. |
Mr. JOHNSON introduced the following reso- [,
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to: . j
Resolved, That the Committee on Militarv Affans he in- j;
structed to inquire into the expediency oi changing the ov- j I
isting law as to the employment ot chaplains in the Army j I
so as to authorize the appointment ol brigade chaplains, II
one or more ot which shall be of the Catholic, Protestant, i,
and Jewish religion, and to icpoit by bill oi otherwise. j j
PATENT OFFICE. - j
Mr. CALVERT introduced the following rcso- ;
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to: j
Resolved, That the Seeietary of the [iiteuoi he dnceted
to infoim tins House at the eatliest possible day—l^t. How
much of the appropriation made last year for the agncul-
tuial bureau of the Patent Ofliee has been expended, speci-
fying each item of such expenditure. 2d. Whether any
agent has been appointed to go to Europe, and if so the ob-
ject of his visit, stating how much has been paid to said
agent for salary and expenses, and what further sum is to
be paid him, and what services he hag or is expected to ren-
der. 3d. Whether any contracts have been made in antici-
pation of the appropriation, and if so for what puipose and
for what amount.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CRISFIELD submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Sccretaiy of the Interior lepoit to this
House the amounts of money paid by the United States to
the several States as a percentage on sales of the public
lands; also the amount of public land disposed of since the
30th of June, 1857, by sale; grants in the several States and
Teiritories for education, b. nevolerit institutions', internal
improvements, military services, individuals and compa-
nies, seats of Government, and public buildings; saline* and
swamp lands to the States and railroads; and by preemp-
tion and also by reservation for the benefit ot Indians, com-
panies, individuals, and corporations; also the amount of
continued piivate land claijns since the said day, and the
total amount of public lands now remaining unsold and
unappiopiiated.
BAY OF FORWARD "WARRANT OFFICERS.
Mr. LEARY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
7?<"?oZ>W, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be di-
lectcd to mqune into the expediency of so modifying the
first section ot the act of Congress entitled u An act to in-
crease and legulatc the pay of the Navy ot the United
States," appi oved Juue 1, lfcftO, as to icquire the sea-<-oiviee
claimed to he lendered by the forward wan ant officers of
the Njy.\ to he computed fiom the date of the appointment
of said offieeiss, and not from the date of their warrants.
FRAUDS IN TRADE MARKS, ETC.
Mr. MOORHEAD introduced a bill to prevent
and punish fraud in the use of false stamps,
molds,dies, brands, labels, or trade marks; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAY OF A UNITED STATES ATTORNEY.
3\£r. BROWN, of Virginia, submjfted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
btiucted to inquire into the expediency of lnoi easing the
compensation now allowed by law to the attorney for the
western district ot Virginia.
LOSS OF ARMY HORSES.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, also submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair be in-
fctiueted to mqune if any legislation by Congiess be neces-
saiy to guaid irioie elTeeiuallv against the loss oi hoiscs in
the mihtaiy service, occasioned b> bad ticatmenl oi inade-
quate lood.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR VIRGINIA.
Mr. UPTON introduced a jointiesolution con-
cerning the United States district court for Vir-
ginia; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ABOLITION OF THE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to give
notice of a bill to abolish the Post Office Depart-
ment.
GOLD AND SILVER IN THE LOYAL STATES.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing resolution; and upon it I move the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Sccretaiy of the Treasury he dnccted
to icpoit to the House at an caily day the amount, actual
oi estimated, of gold and silver com and bullion' in the
loyal States on the lstda\ ot January. 1S69, or at the date
of the latent lepous oi information acee-sibieio him; also
the pioportion theieof hold by the several banks* m *aid
States.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I should like to under-
stand the particular object of that resolution. I
propose to debate it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demanded the
previous question on the resolution when I otfered
it. I hope the gentleman will not object to it. It
only asks for information.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not see the object
of getting that information from the Secretary of
the Treasury, unless it be to show the woild how
little specie we have.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASIIBUUNE. I move to lay the res-
olution upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
THE REVOLTED" SPATES'.
Mr. HUTCHINS introduced a bill to establish
a territorial government in each of the'dlstricts of
country embraced within the limits of the recent
States of South Carolina, North Carolina, Geor-
gia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Arkansas, andTennessee,and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
OFFICERING VOLUNTEER COMPANIES.
Mr. NOBLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:-
Resolvcd, That the Secretary of Wai be, and he is here-
by, requested to inform the House why it is that full com-
panies of troops who have volunteered fiom Ohio and other
States and have been accepted into service by the War De-
partment are now refused commissions to their ofiiccra from
the Federal Government, and are required to be commis-
sioned, it at all, by the Governor of Pennsylvania, and that,
too, against the earnest protest of such companies.
OBJECT OF TIIE WAR.
Mr. ALLEN offered the following resolution,
and moved the previous question upon it:
Resolved, That, in the judgment of this House, no part of
the appropriations now made or hereafter made, nor of the
taxes now or hareal'tcr laid by Congress should be used in
or applied to the prosecution of a war for the puipose of the
emancipation of slaves in the siaveholdmg States of the
Union.
Mr. BLAKE moved to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas yO, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Me«srs. AUlrich, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, IJeiiman, Bingham, Fran-
cis P. Blair, Blake. Ihiffinton, Biirnham, Campbell, Cham-
bcrUn, Clark, Clements, Colfax, Fiederick A. Conkling,
Roscoe Conkling, Conway, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Del-
ano, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwaute, Eliot, Fenton, Fes-
seuden, Frank, Gtangei, Guiiey, Hale, Hanehett, Hooper,
IJoiton, Hutelmis, Kclloy, Fjanew \V. Kellogg, William
Itcllogg, Kilhngci, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, JVIcKean,
MeKnight, McPheisou, Maiston, Mitchell, Mom-head, An-
son P. Monili, Justin S. Mornll, Nixon, Ohn, Patton,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander H. Rice,
Riddle, Edwnid II. Kolhns, Sargent, Shanks, Sheffield,.
Shciman, Sloan, Spaulding, Steven^, Stratton, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Train, Trimble, Tjowlmdge, Van Horn, Van
Valkenbuigh, Van Wyck, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Charles
W. Walton, E. P. Walton, \Va<.hhurno. Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wilson, Windum, and Worcestei—90.
XAYS--Me-s]s, Allen, Ancona, Joseph Daily, Jacob B.
BUn, William G.Blown, Calveit,Cobb,Coming,Cravens,
Cn.-field. English. Fouke, ILimht, Hairison, Hoi man. John-
son. Knapp, Law, Lazcai, Leaiy, Moms. Noble. Noiton,
Nucen, Robinson, James P. Rollins, Shiel, John D. Steele,
William G. Steele, Vallandii ham, Vibbtrd, Vooiheps, Chil-
ton A. White, Wiekhfle, Woodiuff. and Wnght— 36.
So the resolution was hud upon the table.
MILEAGE OI? MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BLAKE submitted the following- resolu-
tions, and demanded the previous question upon
their adoption:
Resolved, That the First Comptroller of the Treasury be
lequested to furnish this Hbtiso. with as little delay as pos-
sible, a tabular statement giving the name and place of res-
idence ofevet.v member and Delegate m Congress from the
fnst session ol the Thirty-Second "Congress to the first ses-
sion of the Tiintv-fcjeveiifh Congress, inclusive ; the names
of the State and Teiutoij in which they seveially ic.sided;
" the estimated distance by the most usual road" fiom their
several places ot residence to the city of Washington : the
amount of money that such membeis and Delegates weic
severally entitled to for mileage at eaclt session, under the
act of Conaies«s of January 22, 1818; the number of miles
allowed to Mich member* and Delegates, severally, at each
session ; and die amount of money leceived by such mem-
bers and Delegate-, respectively, at eveiy session, for mile-
age, dmiii« the time heiem -tated.
Resolved, That the rtergeant-at-Ainis of the House bo
duectcd to furnish the Fnst Comptrollei of the Treasmy,
\\ hen called upon bj' him for that puipose, any books aud
papers he may have m his possession that may atd in making
;-aia statement.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not sec the necessity
of those resolutions. I move that they be laid on
the table.
Mr. BLAKE. On that motion X call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the resolutions were laid on the table.
FRAUDULENT CLAIMS.
Mr. RIDDLE introduced a joint resolution, of
which previous notice had been given, to prevent
the payment of fraudulent or exorbitant claims;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
