40©
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20.
CkERKr TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CRITTENDEN offered the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affaiis be al-
lowed the ewploymentofa clerk at the usual compensation
during the time of liis service.
FISHERY BOUNTIES.
Mr. DUNN introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, to repeal all laws
granting bounties or allowances to vessels em-
ployed m the bank or other cod fisheries; which
wus read a first and second time.
Mr. DUNN. I move that it be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend by referring it
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DUNN. I think the other reference is the
proper one. The bill is to save expenses to the
Government, which is of more importance than to
raise additional revenue.
The question was taken on Mr.,Eliot's amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise not for the purpose of
submitting a resolution from the State of Illinois
especially, but of introducing a resolution affect-
ing the authority of the House.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by leave
of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. The resolution is in the na-
ture of a report from the special committee to in-
vestigate Government contracts.
Mr. L0VEJ0Y. I hope the House will go on
with the regular business.
The SPEAKER. That committee has a right
to report at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. On the 8th day of last July,
a committee was raised, known as the Van Wyek
investigating committee, for the purpose of in-
vestigating certain Government contracts. That
committee held a session in the city of Cincinnati
during the month of December last. On the 30th
day of that month asubpena was issued, requir-
ing the attendance of Mr. Benjamin Iligdon as a
witness before the committee, on the next suc-
ceeding day. The witness failed to attend, and,
so far tis the committee is informed, his absence
was without any just excuse. 1 therefore submit
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Ai ma be directed to bring
befoie the narofthis IIoumj lienj.unln Iligdon, ofCincin-
nati, Ohio, to answer to an alleged contempt oi its author-
ity, in refusing to obey asubpena to appeal befoie the select
committee tor the investigation of Government contracts.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether the committee is in
possession of any facta showing that the absence
of the witness was intentional ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The only testimony before
the committee on the subject is the return of the
officer, and the failure of the witness to appear.
The subpena was served $n the witness in the
city of Cincinnati on the 30th of December, re-
quiring him to appear at room Bin the Burnett
House, Cincinnati, Ohio, on the succeeding day.
The committee remained in session for several
days from that time, but the witness failed to ap-
pear. On examining the precedents, we have not
oeon able to find that it has been the practice to
show that contempt was intended on the part of
the witness. Tlfat question comes up when the
witness is brought before the bar of the House.
Mr. RICIIAiiDSON. What I desire to know
is whether any excuse for the non-attendance of
the witness was ofteicd to the committee ?
Mr. HOLMAN. There was no excuse what-
ever offered. The committee remained in session
several days, and was informed, on sending for
the witness the second time, that he had left the
city of Cincinnati. But of course there was no tes-
timony taken on that point. The eommittec sent
for the witness two or three times after his failure
to appear.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
EXPENSES OF INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to make a privi-
leged repoit. I am directed by the special com-
mittee to report a bill to pay the expenses of the
committee to investigate Government contracts. I
will ask to have it read, and then I will make a
further explanation.
The bill to pay the expenses of the special com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, appointed
July 8, 1861, to ascertain and report in regard to
contracts with any Department of the Govern-
ment for provisions, supplies, transportation, &c.,
was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask that the bill be
put upon its passage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I raise the point
of order that the bill makes an appropriation, and
must, therefore, be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the rules
be suspended in order that the bill may be con-
sidered at this time; and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vallandigham] does not wish to have this
investigation carried on he can vote against the
bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask that the bill be
read.
The bill was read. It appropriates §10,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, to pay the
expenses of the special committee of the House
of Representatives, appointed on the 8th day of
July, 1861, to ascertain and repqrt in regard to
contracts made with any Department of the Gov-
ernment for provisions, supplies, transportation,
&c.; such amount to be drawn from the Treasury
by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Repre-
sentatives, who is directed to pay the expenses
of the said committee, under the approval and
direction of its chairman.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aldrich, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Bab-
bitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Batter, Bingham,
Fianels P. Blair, Jacob 15. Blair, Samuel S. BJau, Blake,
George II. Biowne, Buflintou, Burnham, Calveit, Clark,
Clements, Co^i, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkhng, Roscoe
Conkling, Coining, Cravens, Crisfield, Oiittenden, Cutler,
Dawes, Delano, Divon, Duell, Dunlup, Dunn, Edwaids,
Eliot, English, Fenton, Fessenden, Fouke, Goodwin,
G'langei, Grider, Guiley, Ilaight, Il.mchett, Harrison, IIol-
man, ilutehnH, Johnson, lCelley, Francm YV. Kellogg,
William Kellotrcr, Kill inner, I.auxins, Law, Loary, Loomis,
Lovely, McKe.in, MeKmglit, McPhei&on, Maiston, May-
mud,' Mcnzies, Mitchell,Moorhead, Anson F. Mon ill. Jus-
tin S. Morrill, Morns, Nixon, Noble, Norton, Nugen,01m,
Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy,Poitei, Potter, Alex-
der II. Riee, ltiddle, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Itollms,
Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sherman, Sloan,
John B. Steele, WilliamG. Steele,Stevens. Stratton,Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Tiimble,Trow-
budtrc, Van Horn, Van Valkenlmrgh, Van Wyek, Verree,
Vibbard, Wads*worth, Wall, Wallacc, Charles W. Walton,
E. P. Walton, Washhurne, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley,
Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White, Wicklift'e, Wilson,
YVuulom, Woodruff", Worcestei, and Wright—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen and Chambcrlin—2.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. COX, not being within the bar when his
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. WRIGHT objected.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to dispense with the
reading of the names.
The motion was agreed to.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the previous
question on the engrossment and third leading of
the bill.
The. previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRANSFER OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rciohed, That the Committee on the Judiciarj be in-
s-trueted to inqime mtn the expediency of repoiting a bill
making void ail sales, tiansfers, and dispositions of prop-
el ty of every kind by persons engaged m insurrection
ag.iinsst the United States.
GERMAN PRINTING.
Mr. LOVEJOY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of printing a portion of the
Agricultural reports in the German language.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have a memo-
rial here upon the same subject, which I wish to
have take the same reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the reading
of that paper. I want to know what it is before I
vote to refer it.
The Clerk said the memorial was in the Ger-
man language, and he could not read it. [Laugh*
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will please read the paper sent up, himself.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will.
Mr. Kellogg thereupon read a translation of
the memorial.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
STAMP DUTY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of levying a tax, in
the form of a stamp duty of five^cents on every note, bill,
or evidence of debt issued by any individual, bank, orothcl>
corporation, to circulate as money in the United States.
SHIP CANAL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, also submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
hlilp canal fiom Chicago to the Illinois river; and report by
bill or otheiwise.
MISSOURI COMMISSION.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of pioviding bylaw
for a special commission in the State of Missouri, whose
duty it shall be to investigate and allow all just and equitable
claims against the General Government where property has
been taken from loyal citizens by persons in the military
service of the United States.
MISSOURI RAILROADS.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, also submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and necessity of the
General Government completing; the mam branch of the
Pacific rail toad in the State of Missouri, from Sedalia, in
the county of Pettis, to Kansas City, in the county of Jack-
son ; also into the expediency ot repairing so much of the
North Missouri railroad as was recently destroyed by the
enemies of the United States; and that they report by bill
or otherwise.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Blaiu,
of Missouri, in the chair.)
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the committee
proceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
208, making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th of
June, 1862.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. EESSENDEN. Mr. Chairman, it is ob-
vious, if it were not for that wheel in the machin-
ery of" rules" of this body, which, in its revo-
lutions, occasionally resolves the House into the
" Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union," not all would be said that might be as to
measures in relation to which, whether adopted
or rejected by the Congress of the United States,
no member should be refused the opportunity of
expressing his views. I avail myself of "the
hour," and propose to speak of the rebellion in
the aspect in which it presents itself to my constit-
uents.
With whatever thoroughness and consummate
ability the questions for which the rebellion has
given occasion have been discussed here, and I
am confident there has been no deficiency in this
respect on either side, it is by no means to exclude,
