3S42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
detail in that letter I cannot obey the order. I supposed the
letter would be understood. .
Your obedient servant, a. FAiNb,
Colonel Fourth Wisconsin Volunteers.
Lieutenant II. H. Elliot,
Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
Headquarters Second Brigade,
Baton Uouge, Louisiana, June 11,1882.
Colonel : In consequence of your refusal to obey Gen-
eral Order No. 46, from these headquarters, June 5,1862,
you are hereby placed under arrest. Your limits will be the
Inclosure of this garrison. The command of your regiment
Will devolve t>n the next ranking officer for duty.
T. WILLIAMS,
Brigadier General Volunteers, Commanding.
Colonel H. E. Paine, Fourth Wisconsin Volunteers.
There is a brigadier general commanding in the
Army of the United States, who not only refuses
to employ or to protect this class of men,'whom
the Senator from New York says ought both to
be employed and protected, but he pronounces
that the protection of such men is demoralizing
to the service, and he commands, upon pain of
arrest, the comrnanderof a regiment to fling them
all without his lines, and to subject them to the
authority and control of their rebel owners. What-
ever other commanders may have done, or may
do hereafter, there, I do not hesitate to say, is one
general officer who has no more appreciation of
the duties of this service, in which he is tempo-
rarily employed, than he has of the duties of an
apostle in the Christian Church. He is no more
fit for one than the other; and f do not hesitate to
say that no officer ought to be employed for an in-
stant in the command of any portion of our troops
who doesnot feel it to be his solemnand his bounden
duty to furnish protection, the most ample and ad-
equate his force will enable him to furnish, to every
man and every woman and every child who ap-
peals to him for protection from the authority or
control of those who are now in arms against us;
and the officer who will not do it ought not to be
retained in our service a single day. I do not hes-
itate to say, for one, while you arc talking about
the general subject of exchange, that I would ex-
change just as many brigadiers of that sort as I
could find for an equal number of those people
whom General Williams ordered Colonel Paine
to thrust without his camp, and I would pay boot
between them. 1 would rather have the negro
than the brigadier. He is worth more to the ser-
vice; he is worth more to the Government; he is
worth more to mankind.
I thought it proper here, inasmuch as the gen-
eral assertion had been made that there was no
just cause of complaintof our officers in reference
to their treatment of this class of persons, to in-
troduce this correspondence. I should like to
have the country see it I should like to have the
country know it. What Congress can do*6 cor-
rect this evil, I do not know. I have introduced a
bill which will attempt to correct it to a certain
extent. That bill is not now before the Senate;
this correspondence is; and to-morrow I shall
hojse the Senate will be prepared to act upon the
Mr. HOWARD. I am much gratified that the
Senator from Wisconsin has seen fit to lay before
the Senate the correspondence which he has read.
I am acquainted with General Williams, the offi-
cer alluded to in that correspondence, and who
gave the order to Colonel Paine. Ho is a towns-
man of my own. He is what is called an old
Army officer, although ho himself is not an old
man. He has the honor of having been graduated
at the Military Academy at West Point, and of
having served in the regular Army for a consider-
able number of years. I am too well acquainted
with his political principles and his party procliv-
ities, to entertain any doubt as to the purpose
which he had in view in drafting the order which
lias been read, and which Colonel Paine saw fit,
in my judgment very properly, to disobey. He
is of that class of hard pro-slavery men, so-called,
who do not see in the black man a human crea-
ture, who see in him nothing but an animated
chattel, if you please, sir, a piece of humanized
drift-wood passing sluggishly and slowly down
the stream of time into oblivion, there to be left
and forgotten forever. It is due to the people of
my State where he resides, to say that they, in-
cluding all classes, have no sympathy whatever
with the principles which are manifested in that
order. I am extremely happy that Colonel Paine
took the responsibility of disobeying that order,
which in my judgment was illegal, to say the least
of it was a harsh, unfeeling, ana cruel order. The
spirit of that order is plainly incompatible with
the act of Congress which we have passed during
the present session. It seeks to evade, by a cun-
ning artifice of words, the spirit and real intention
of that act of Congress. 1 am extremely happy
that there is one officer under him from the North-
west who has not been afraid to beard him in his
quarters, and I hope that the matter will not stop
even there as to General Williams. I hope that
higher officials will feel it their duty to make an
inquiry into his acts, and that if he has violated
the law he will be brought to speedy justice.
* Sir, a remark fell from the Senator from New
York, to which I beg leave to make one single
observation by way of reply. The Senator has
spoken of the complaints which are so prevalent
in the land respecting the non-employment of black
persons to aid and assist the operations of our
Army, as being too much in the style and spirit
of buncombe, as being idle declamation and mere
sentimentalism. I confess that I cannot concur
with theSenatorfromNew York in theview which
he takes of the nature and ground of these com-
plaints. It is very possible that some persons
will seek to make popularity out of the circum-
stance of the non-employment of blacks. It is
very possible that in the free States people may
say with some point and force, that although the
blacks arc employed habitually and continually
by the rebels in the field for the purpose of con-
structing their trenches and doing other menial ser-
vice, our own officers have industriously avoided
the employment of that class of persons. It is a
just ground of complaint. The circumstances of
the case are such as to inflame the public mind of
the North, and to produce a feeling of dissatisfac-
tion and discontent among the masses of our peo-
ple from whom the Army has been recruited and
is still to be recruited, 'io show that these com-
plaints* are not entirely groundless, and that we
have some reason for asking for the employment
of this class of persons, I will trouble the Senate
while I read a statement made to me by a friend
and acquaintance of mine respecting the opera-
tions of the negroes in the rebel army during the
siege of Yorktown and at the battle of Williams-
burg. I will read the whole paper for the inform-
ation of the Senate and of the country.
Benjamin B. Luce, of Grand Rapids, Michigan, says:
That he Is a sutler in the thud leglmentof Michigan vol-
unteers, and ha* acted as such from the 5th of June, 1861;
that he was with said regiment at the siege of Yorktown,
Virginia, and that while there he saw several negroes in the
rebel unifoim, who were deserters from the rebel army, and
had served a* soldiers in the rebel army, as they informed
this deponent; that he saw several of these deserters and
talked w ;!i them ; that while said siege was going on, this
deponent learned from Union officer* and men th<u a negro
marksman on the rebel side was in the habit of shooting
the Union pickets, that he shot some six or eight of the Bor-
den Sharpshooters, and several from the Michigan fourth,
and that said negro was finally s>hot by a Union man near
ills eovert, an old chimney, from which he had been firing.
Ue fui ther says, that on reaching the Chickahominy with
bis regiment, he heard xompof the officers of thfMegUnont,
who had been in the battle of Williamsburg, remark that
they had seen among the rebel dead on the field at Wil-
liamsburg, after the battle there, some throe or four dead
negtoes in rebel uniform, and al?o one Indian in rebel uni-
form ; that the officers spoke of the fact as one with which
they were perfectly familiar, and tins deponent lias not the
least doubt of the truth thereof.
He fuither says, that on Friday, the 14th of June, instant,
be was, as sutler of said regiment, at the White House, on
the Pamunky river; that while engaged there procuring
supplies, he learned that a detachment of rebel cavahy ap-
proached the riverand set lire to two Union vessels, and
did other damage; that a thud vessel was cut loose by the
Union men on hoard of her, and while she was diopping
down the stream she was attacked by a band of rebel cav-
ahy, among whom were some six orseven negroes in rebel
uniform, who fired upon her, killing a Mr. , who was
a quartermaster sergeant of Stockton's regiment; that this
deponent helped biny *>aid quartermaster sergeant, and was
int'oimed by several peisons who were on board and in
company with the quartermaster sergeant, that the soldiers
who fired upon them and killed him. were negroes belong-
ing to a party of rebel cavalry who were making a recon-
DoiHsanee on the river and around the White House, al-
though at the time they made the attack they were on foot,
having dismounted a short distance off; that this party of
rebel cavalry was the one commanded by Stewart, and the
same which on that day passed around the Union camp and
returned to Richmond. R j^uce
In every word of this, I have the utmost confi-
dence as a matter of fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Oollaiuer, Cowan, Davis,
Doolittle, Foster, Harris, Henderson, Lane of Indiana,
Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stark,Ten Eyck, Wil-
son ofMissouri, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Fessenden, Foot,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWNING-. I now move to amend the
thirteenth section by adding to it the following
proviso:
Provided, That the mother, wife, and children of such
man or boy of African descent shall not be made fiee by
the operation of this act except where such mother, wife,
or children owe service or labor to some person who, dur-
ing the present rebellion, has borne arms against the United
States, or adhered to their enemies by giving them aid and
comfort.
On this amendment I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Inasmuch as the Senate
has refused to strike out the words which the Sen-
ator from Illinois moved'to strike out, and has
thereby determined to make free the family of a
slave who may do service as prescribed in this act,
I very much hope that this amendment will be
adopted. I believe the object of the amendment
is to provide that no slaves shall be made free un-
der the provisions of this act, unless those slaves
belong to rebels; It is provided by the«amend-
ment which has been adopted on the motion of
the Senator from Ohio, that the particular slave
doing the service shall not be freed unless he be-
longs to a rebel; and yet, by the refusal to strike
out the provision making free the mother, wife,
and children of the slave, it is now provided that
those parties may be freed in the hands of loyal
men. It strikes me as manifestly unjust. In the
first place, 1 think that it is worth something in
our legislation upon this subject to respect some-
what the loyal sentiment of slaveholders, where
ever they may be, whether in Louisiana, Mis-
souri, Kentucky, or elsewhere. It must be re-
membered that if a fugitive from service from a
disloyal man shall be enlisted in the Army, and
do service, although it may be of but an hour's
duration, this act will make the mother of that
slave, and the wife and children of that slave, free,
although they may be in the hands of an individ-
ual who has himself engaged in service in the
armies of the United States. The Senate may not
regard it as a matter of any consequence to respect
the rights of the loyal white man, and may deem
it a matter of far more importance to respect the
rights of the family of the slave owing service, but
I respectfully differ from them in that respect.
There arc several objections, in my view, to the
legislation contemplated. In the first place, it is
wrong in itself by legislation of Congress to take
away that which by the laws of any given State
is guarantied to a loyal man. You may legislate
against the rebels as much as you please, but it is
bad policy to suffer our legislation to have any
appearance of an act of abstract injustice to loyal
men. However wrong this institution may be,
we know veiy well what it is, and we know that
a part of a family may belong to one man and a
part of it to another, a part of it may belong to a
loyal man and a part of it to a disloyal man. That
portion of it which may actually do service may
belong to a disloyal owner,and the other portion
of it may belong to a loyal man. The loyal man's
property is proposed to be taken from him abso-
lutely, when there can be no excuse given for it.
Now, I appeal to gentlemen, has-Congress the
power to emancipate slaves in the hands of loyal
people? Is not that in the face of the declaration
of this Congress sincc the commencement of this
unfortunate rebellion? If slaves can be emanci-
pated at all, it must be done as a punishment in-
flicted upon rebels. It strikes me as an alarming
proposition that, under any circumstances what-
ever, legislation may be had by these two Houses
which will take from a loyal man in any State of
the Union that which may be recognized as prop-
erty by the laws of his Stare. Is it for any crime
that he has committed? Is it for any wrong that
he has done? Is it for any rebellion in which he
has been engaged against the constituted author-
itiesof the land? Surely not. Then why is this
thing? It is simply because, as you tell me, one
slaveof the family, not interfering with the rights
