1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Clerk read the message, as follows:
To the Senate and House oj Representatives:
The insurrection which is yet existing m the United
States, and amis at the overthrow of the Federal Consti-
tution and the Union, was clandestinely prepared during
the winter of 18.11) and 1851, and a.-suined an open oi sani-
tation m the lorn) of atrea>oiiable piovn-ioual government,
at Montgomery, in Alabama, on the J 8th day ot Febiuary,
1S61. On the 12tli day of April, 1861, the indigents com-
mitted the flagrant act ot civil war, by the bombardment
and capture ol Foit Sumter, which cut off the hope of im-
mediate conciliation. Immediately alter wards, all the loads
and avenues to this city were obstructed, and the capital
was put Into the condition of a siege. The mails in every
direction wtue stopped, and the lines of telegraph cut off by
the insuigents; and military and naval force?, which had
been called out by the Government for the defense of Wash-
ington, were prevented from teaching ilie city by oigauized
and combined negotiable resistance in the State oi Mary-
land. Time was no adequate and effective oiganization
for the public defense. Congies:- had indefinitely adjourned.
There was no time to convene them, it became necessary
for me to choose whether, using only the existing means,
agencies, and processes which Congiess had piovided, I
should let the Government at once Uil into iinn, oi whether,
availing myself of the broadei powcis eonfeued by the Con-
stitution, in ca^es of insui rcction, I would make an elToit
to save it, with all its blessings, foi tlie present age and for
posterity.
I thereupon summoned my constitutional advisers, the
heads of all the Depaitment^, to meet on Sunday, the 20th
day of April, 1^61, at the office ot the Navy Department;
and then and thue, with their unanimous concurrence, I
directed that an aimed revenue cuttei should pioceed to sea
to afford protection to the commetcial mauiie, and espe-
cially the California treasute ships, then on their way to
thiseoafct. 1 also diiectcd the commandant of the navy-
yard at IJoston to purchase or chaiter, and arm as quickly
as possible, five steamships for puiposes of public delen.-e.
I directed the commandant of the navy-yaul at PhiMdcl
phia to pmehasn or chaiter and arm an equal number for
the same puipo&e. I directed the commandant at New
York to purchase or charter and arm an equal number. I
directed Commander Gilli-b to puich:it>e oi charter and aim,
and put to sea, two other ve> el&. Sunilui duectioi^ were
given to Commodoie Dnpout, with a view to the opening
of passages by water to and lroni the capital. 1 directed
the seveial officers to take the advice, and obtain the .ud
and efficient sej vices in the matte i. ot lu  Excellency Edwin
1) Moigan, tin1 Govemoi ot New \ oik, oi, in his absence,
George D. Moigan, William M. Esatt^, R. M. Hlatehtoid,
and Mosc? II. Gunnell, who wete, by my dnections, espe-
cially empoweted by the Seeretaiy of the Navy to act loi
Ills Depaittm-nt, in that ciisi-., in matters peitaimng to ihe
foi warding of troops and «upplm<. lor the public detente
On the s?ame occasion. I directed that Govemoi Morgan
and Alexander Cunnnings. ot the citv or New Yoi k, should
be uuthonzed by the Secretaiy of War, Simon Cameron,
to make all neeessaiy arrangements lor the ti a importation
of troops and munitions ot war, in aid and a=si>tanee ol
the officers of the Aimy ot the United States, until com-
munication bv mails and telegraph t-hould be completely
reestablished between the cities of Washington and New
Yoik. No security was required to be given by them, and
cither of them was authorized to act in ease of inability
to consult with the other.
On the same occasion,! authorized and directed the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury to advance, without requiring sccu
rity, §2,000,000 of public money to John A. Dix, George
Opdyke, and Rtchaid M. Blutehford, of New Yoik, to be
used by them in meeting such leqinsitions as should be di
rectiy, consequent upon the miluaiy and naval mea-uies,
neces&ary for the defense and -nppoit of the Government,
requiring them only to act without compensation, and to
repoit their transactions when duly called upon.
The several Dfpattmciu*. of thcGovernment at thattune
contained so large a number of disloyal persons that it would
have been impossible to piovide sately. through official
agents only, foi the pcrfounance ot the duties thus confided
to citizens Iftvoiably known tor their ability, loyalty, and
patnotisin. The several oideis issued upon these occui-
tenees weie transmitted by puvatc messengers, who pur-
sued a circuitous way to the t-ea-boaid cities, inland, acioss
the States of Pennsylvania and Ohio and the not thei n lakes.
1 believe lhat by these and other similar measures taken m
that cusis, some of vvluch were without any authoim of
law, the Govei iiment w as saved fiotn overthrow. I am not
awaie that a dollai of the public lunds thus confided, with
out authority of law, to unofficial peisons, was either Ion
or waited, although apprehensions ol such mi-dnection oc-
culted to me as objections to thos-o extiaouhnaiy proceed-
ings, and were necessarily overruled.
J recall these trans-actions now because my attention has
been duectedto a resolution which was passed by the House
of lit preventatives, on the 30th day of last month, which is
in these words:
11 Resolve!, That Simon Cameron, late Secretary of War,
by investing Alexander Ctimmmgs with the control ol Jatgu
sunh of the public money, and authouty to purchase mili-
tary supplies, without lestiiction, without lequning liom
him any guaiantee foi the faithful pcrtounance of hi* du-
ties, when the seivices of competent public officers weie
available, and by involving the Government in a va-.t nuin-
bei of contiacts with persons not legitimately engaged in
the hubinetjfe pei taming to the subjt ot matter of such con-
tiacts, especially in the purchase of arm* lor future dehv
ery, has adopted a policy highly injurious to the public ser-
vice, and deserves the censure of the Ilotwe •'
Congress will see that I -hould be wanting equally m
candor and m justice if I should leave the censure ex-
pressed in this resolution to lest exclusively or chiefly upon
Mi. Cameton. The same sentiment is unanimously enrer-
tau'ied bv the head* of Departments who paiticipatedin the
moecedim's which the House of Representatives has cen-
suied. It is due to Mr. Cameron to say, lhat although he
fully appioved the pioccedmgs, they were nrvt moved uni
suggested by himself, and that not only the President, but
ail the other heads of Departments weie at least equally
responsible with lum for whatever error, wrong, or fault
was committed in the premises.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, 28th May, 1862.
Mr. MOOttHEAD. I submit this resolution:
Resolved, That fifty thousand copies of the President's
message, this day received, he printed for the use of this
House.
The resolution \ras referred to the Committee
on Printing:.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the message be
printed and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (No. 315) for
the relief of Gtuindaro Nancy Guthrie and her
children, in which he was directed to ask thecon-
currence of the House.
PITTSBURG AND CONNELLSYILLE RAILROAD.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the consent of the
House to report from the Committee on Roads
and Canals a bill to aid in the construction of the
Pittsburg and Connellsville railroad, for the pur-
pose of having it printed and recommitted to the
committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I must object.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman understands
that I merely desire to have the bill printed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the bill
being reported at all.
PRINTING Ot1 PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Do I understand that
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to print extia copies of the President's message
is still pending ?
The SPEAKER. It went, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Would it be m order
to submit a resolution to have a hundred thousand
copies printed of the speech of the late Secretary
of Wat, in which he stated he could buy up this
House? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not in
order.
CONFISCATION.
Mr. COVODE. I desire to say that, in con-
sequence of the Governmentseizing the railroads,
1 was prevented from being here to lecord my
vote in the affirmative upon the bills for confisca-
tion and emancipation in this House yesterday.
I now ask the consent of the House so to record
my vote upon those bills.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object.
WASHINGTON HOSPITAL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McPher-
son in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill No. 465, to purchase a hos-
pital in the city of Washington.
Mr. DAWES. Is general debate in orderupon
this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, in the early
part of the last week, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Voorhces] addressed the House upon what
he termed the financial policy of the present Ad-
ministration with such seventy of stricture and
temperas could be justified only by absolute ver-
ity in the data from which it originated. Con-
vinced, at the time, that this most essential ele-
ment of till discussion was utterly wanting in all his
iigures and consequent deductions, 1 would have
replied to lum at the time had I been able to have
obtained the floor. I now avail myself of the first
rnornentsince the disposal of the special order, and
of the time the interval has given me to possess my-
self of the statistics from such authority as admits
of no mistake, to expose some of the errors into
which thegentleman from Indiana has fallen. He
disclosed the motive which iftdueed him to make
this extraordinary attack upon the Admims^ra-
tion at a moment when its every energy is.in-
volved in a life and death struggle with treason,
in the following language;
u I have been led to these observations by what I hum-
bly conceive to be the unsound, lahe, and ruinous system
of finance which has been imposed upon the people of this
country within the lust twelve months."
Arguing in interrogations, he asks:
" Have our public officers been held to a rigid ficeounta-
hility in their use ot the hard-earned revenues of the coun-
try? Has financial integrity marked the conduct of those
in whom the people placed their trust when ihe present
Administration came into power?"
And complacently declaring:
" I speak not as a partisan nor in the spirit of party. I
trust I can rise above ail such considerations
he proceeds to his statement in these words:
" I presume, sir, that at this time no one can. with en-
tin4 accuracy, estimate the amountof our public debt. It
is one of the alarming signs of the times that either from
confusion and incapacity, or from the shrinking dread of
lecognizmg an appalling truth, we have an unusual silence
in official quaitns in regard to the extent of Government
liabilities. We are, however, relieved in a great measure
upon lhat point, by the statements which have been made
troin time to time on this floor, and especially by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who has a right to speak on that subject as one in
authouty.- From that source we learn that our expendi-
tures have, for many months past, exceeded the enormous
sum of $3,000,0(10 per day. One year's expense at this rate
reaches the sum ot $1,095,000,000. That our indebtedness
at this moment is equal to that va*t amount will hardly be
denied by any intelligent and candid person who has had
the opportunity to obMiive the prolusion and lecklessness
with which the resources and the crcditof the Government
have been ined since tius most unnatural strife fell like a
bhght upon the land."
Satisfied with the assumption upon which this
statement is made, with as little hesitancy he pro-
ceeds in tins wise to double it:
" It is j-alVj then, lo conr lude that the year that is to come,
and on which we aiejiNt entering—the second year of Ihe
war—will Mvell the indebtedness of this Government to the
alatmmg sum ol ,*2,000,000,000."
Having thus broadly, and with as little diffi-
culty as I have had in reading it, laid the founda-
tion, he naturally and confidently asserts that such
a debt can never be paid.
Mr. VOOREIEES. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to correct him.
Mr. DAWES. Let me first understand whether
these interruptions are to be taken out of my time.
If they are not, 1 will cheerfully yield to thegentlc-
man.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the time of the gentleman from Massachusetts
will be extended to the extent of the interruptions
permitted by him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must object to any such
arrangement as that.
Mr. DAWES. Then I must decline to yield.
I would have no objection if I were not to lose my
time.
Mr. VOORHEES. Justa moment, to make a
correction.
Mr. DAWES. I must decline to yield to any
interruption that is to come out of my time, with
all due tespect to the gentleman from Indiana. He
knows 1 would yield were it not for that. He says:
'•'The child i& not born, and will not be for more than a
hundied j'ears, who will escape the visits of the Federal
tat gathcier m the incessant labors of future generations to
wear away by the steady droppings of a perpetual tax tliw
mountain ot debt."
Fastening thus upon the country a permanent
national debt, he fancies he has heard some one
advocate it in this Hall as a blessing-,and exclaims:
" it h alarmin^, sir, that this fatal doctrine is found creep-
ing into the debates of the American Congress. IIa<? it
come to this? Has this great nation,so famed for its wealth
and pecuniary responsibility, been driven so soon to seek
jeitmc in the mischievous principle that it i^> a national
benefit to be sunk in indebtedness*'"
This gives opportunity for the following glow-
in°- rhetoric, ushering in the usual quotation fiom
Jefferson, which I omit:
"Tell me not of the blessing- of a public debt. That ery
Minpiv the cheat and the falsehood by which men who
have abiihcd then authority seek to eovi-i up the outiages
which tiny have inflicted on a confiding people. it is as
old, to-i, a*, crime m high place-., or the pitneiple of base
cupidity m the hcait ot man. The Phari'-eosot Jmtsalcm
over fljfir hoairled gams, the kings of BabUon on their
couches, of gold. Ah xandm at his gorgeous banquets, the
Sultan in th" mid.-tot his soft d.illiancf-sofexjjenstvelove,
corrupt, eiTcimnate Roman senatois in tin ir villas ot mar-
