1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3343
of property under the State law.s, may have done
service for one half hour, under the provisions of
this bill.
Mr. President, I say that this is wrong; I say,
in the second place, that it is bad policy ; for we
should endeavor to encourage men everywhere to
be loyal. It is not only abstractly wrong within
itself, but the' policy of the thing is bad, for the
reason that instead of encouraging white men to
be loyal we are discouraging them. The Senate
will remember that they have not even made pro-
vision in this bill, so far, for paying anybody any-
thing for the destruction or loss of his property;
and "here is a grave proposition, not only to take
the slave that may uo service and make him free,
but to make free every one connected by ties of
relationship with him, even though it may be in
tile hands of a man who has been engaged in ser-
vice since the commencement of this war. Sir, it
is bad policy, for the simple reason that there can
be no excuse given for it. What power has Con-
gress to do it; and what is the propriety of taking
the property of a loyal man, that which is recog-
nized as property in any of the slaveholding
States, when he has committed no wrong against
the Government? We can give no excuse for this
legislation. You may turn loose an old negro
under the provisionsof this law who would be in
all probability infinitely better off in the hands of
her owner, when her son had done service, but if
her master was a loyal man, he would regard it in
the ligl^of an attack or an infringement on his
rights under the laws of the State in which he lives. •
Therefore it is not only wrong, but it is bad pol-
icy within itself. We ought by our legislation to
do everything we can here to encourage men to
be loyal.
Then, Mr. President, there is another thing,
and I desire to call the attention of the Senate to
that proposition. If you intend to carry out this
view of the subject, there is no end, let me say to
Senators, to the burden of indebtedness that will
be brought upon your shoulders. If a negro, by
one half hour's service in the Army of the United
States, is to have his whole family,-wherever they
maybe throughout this country, liberated, you
surely will not liberate them from the hands of
loyal men without paying the owners. Surely that
cannot be contemplated by the Senate, because
that would be a worse policy even than that al-
ready indicated by me; and if this is to be done,
there is no end to the burden that you will bring
upon the Government, and it is a bad policy when
we are looking to this matter in a financial point of
view. It is wrong for us, at the present time, to
undertake to liberate slaves all over the country,
even in the hands of loyal owners, when we have
no constitutional power to do it, and, in the next
place, when, if we had the power, it would be ex-
tremely bad policy to do it. 1 say that it is wrong
to undertake this thing at the present time. The
Treasury of the United States is notin a condition
for us to undertake it.
The Senator from Kansas, a few moments ago,
remarked in reply to the Senator from Ohio, that
the Senate had gravely responded to the message
of the President, and had passed a resolution offer-
ing to meet upon half-way grounds the States that
might inaugurate a system of emancipation. That
is altogether a different thing. I apprehend that
the President of the United States does not desire
to inaugurate a system of immediate emancipation
in any State of the Union; and if he were to de-
sire it, I am satisfied that no slave State would at
the present time respond to that call and inaugu-
rate such a system—but he looks forward to a pe-
riod of time, as I understand him, when the Treas-
ury of the United States will be in a condition,
twenty-five or thirty years hence, to pay some-
thing in order to enable the States to adopt a sys-
tem of emancipation; or the States may adopt it
now, but it is not expected that any money will
be immediately required. It should be remem-
bered by Senators that under this bill the slave
will be immediately emancipated upon any ser-
vice; and upon the emancipation of the slave the
money ought to be paid; and it is that heavy dtain
upon the Treasury that will require more, infi-
nitely more, hit me say to Senators, in order to
pay for the slaves immediately emancipated than
the proposed action ofthe President of the United
States. His action does not presuppose, either,
that Congress possesses the right, as against the
will of the people of the slaveholding States, to
emancipate slaves at all. I understand that prop-
osition to leave it entirely in the discretion of the
several border slaveholding Statps, and that Con-
gress will meet them upon half-way grounds and
do what it can in order to facilitate gradual eman-
cipation in those several States, but it is to be left
exclusively to the States interested; it is not as-
suming on the part of Congress the right to eman-
cipate slaves in the hands of loyal men in those
States. It merely says that if the States them-
selves will inaugurate it-—it being a matter of free
choice with them, and not being compelled on the
part of Congress—then Congress, in a spirit of
liberality and kindness, will make such appropri-
ations as they may legitimately make for the pur-
pose of aiding such States in that good work.
That is my understanding of the proposition; and
it is altogether a different proposition from the one
ingrafted upon this bill. The one that we now
have is a proposition that slaves in the hands of
loyal men shall be freed, not for anything that
they themselves may have done for the Govern-
ment, nor for any wrong that their owners may
have committed against the Government, hut
merely because a portion of the family may have
done service. I think the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois should be adopted. I sincerely
hope it will be"."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—-Meseis. Browning, Collamer, Cumin, Dav N.
Ooolitlle, Fessemlen, Foster Harris, Henderson, Kennedy,
Lane of Indiana, Powell, Rice, SauM>ury, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Stark, Ten Eyck, Willey, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—21. T
NAVS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Foot, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilraol,and Wilson ofMas-
sachusetts—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have a few remarks to make
on this subject, without regard to any particular
section ofthe bill. I had intended some weeks ago
to say something on the confiscation bill, but my
health would not justify it. So far as the question
of slavery is concerned, I believe the Senate will
bear me witness that 1 have never mingled in the
debates on that subject; and I um very sure that
if no one would eve'r introduce it here until 1 had
done so, the subject would never be submitted to
the Senate of the United States; yet I think I shall
be thoroughly understood before I conclude.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remind the Senator from lndiaila that there is no
question now before the Senate, and perhaps it
would be better to let the bill go along to its third
reading or passage.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to speak on the sub-
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
not interrupt the Senator if he prefers to make his
remarks at this point.
Mr. WRIGHT. We have passed a bill on the
subject of confiscation which gives the President
power to employ negroes to work at his discre-
tion. I believe he hod the power without that
bill;' and I will take this occasion to say to my
friend from New York [Mr. Harris] that so far
as the cxercise of that power is concerned by our
generals, my information is not of the character
he gives to us in the letter from General McClel-
lan. I have a letter before me, written in the
South, from a gentleman that I have known for
many years, and I purpose now to read an extract
from it in relation to the effect of General Hal-
leck'sorder No. 3. My friend writes, as follows:
"Halleck's older No. 3 has killed at least ten thousand
of your western soldiers. You can see them in every car
and on the eorneis of every street. At Hamburg, four miles
above Pittsburg Landing, there were two thousand seven
hundred soldiers sick, and six hundred had been taken away
the dav before we wore there. I saw detachments of our
troops "making roads in the hot sun ; I saw the boats being
unloaded bytliem; and,in fact,youngmen, noble men who
bad spruno to arms to save the country, were performing
labor which was enough to break down the constitution of
the stimu'est; and I did not see a single black man at work
at any of ihe landings on the Tennessee or Cumberland
rivers: but I did see two stout fellows blacking the boots of
rebel prisoners on board the steamer Uucie Sam at Pittsburg
Landing."
This is the authority of a gentleman I can vouch
for as a man of lespectability. He sent me an-
other fact. He inclosed to me a list of four hun-
dred and seventy sick men who were then on
board one steamer, most of whom were from my
own State and Ohio; and out of the whole list but
three were wounded in battle. They were all
afflicted with the diseases of that country, as
shown from the list opposite to each name, and
but three were wounded. I only refer to this to
show the fact that I will go as far as any man in
prosecuting this war, in upholding the generals
in the field, in sustaining any proposition that
may be necessary, to employ these men, not only
to work and labor, but will do whatever else may
be necessary, with the vast means God has given
us, to save the life of the Republic. But, sir, I
wish here to protest against bringing this subject
again before the Senate day after day. When it
has been once passed upon, 1 think we ought to
be satisfied. We have solemnly passed a bill
giving this power to the President; and if he will
not exercise the power, 1 do not know what more
wo can do than to enact a new article of war.
This, however, is not the direct subject to which
I desire to call the attention of the Senate.
My first proposition on the subject of this bill
is this: I have believed from the commencement
of this war, and 1 am more confirmed in that be-
lief every day as it progresses, that we have not
relied enough upon the patriotism of this country.
Had the drafting of this bill fallen upon me, I
should have incorporated within it no such pro-
vision for bounty, as 1 find is herein proposed to
nine and twelve months'men. I would notencour-
age the States in offering the large liberal bounties
they are now giving throughout New England and
elsewhere to induce the enlistment of m?n.
1 have desired to see a direct proposition from
the General Government, presented to the patriotic
people ofthe various States of my country at this
perilous time to our hopes and institutions, that
would go to, and arouse the deep, earnest heart of
every man within them. Patriotism and generosity
are the proudest attributes of this great people.
Call upon them earnestly, appeal to them for the
'"ise of these noble virtues, and we should be-
holu company after company, regiment after tegi-
ment, nglow with the kindlings of liberty and love
of their blood-cemented country, with arms nerved
to the fury of any conflict,
<< Coming as the wimld come when forests are rcncled.
Coming aa the waved come when navies are stranded >"
marching to the fiefd, clothed, furnished, yea and
armed, if necessary, by their own means, to put
down this unholy rebellion. Sir, if there is not
patriotism enough in this country to save it, I fear
me it will perish; 1 dare not trust its salvation to
these liberal bounties.
I wrote to the President in November last, and
I only refer to it to show that 1 was of the same
opinion then, that I hoped this Congress before
they were many days in session would authorize
the States in this Union to bring out half a million
of men, and see what States would respond and
furnish them with their own wagons, their guns,
and equipments complete. I desired to see how
many men would volunteer togo into this struggle
 not for money; for-it is my solemn conviction
to-day that there are officers in our Army who
are mere hangers-on, who are dead weights to
our cause. Sir, it is time tor us to niake an appeal
to the patriotism ofthe country, uninfluenced by
pecuniary considerations. ^Vhile I am willing
to pay the soldier, while I am willing to make a
contribution to take care of his family, we ought
to be careful not to make his enlistment a matter
of money. We should be cautious about securing
volunteers with a price, but rely alone and firmly
on the pure and noble hearts of this countiy.
Sir, 1 must express fears that difficulty has
grown out of error on this point. I fear there has
not been a true appreciation of our condition among
us as the representatives of the people. There
was a great deal of truth uttered by Genera] Wal-
lace of my own State, the other night, in those
magic words: "We want to make war." Sir, we
have to make war; we want to make war. There
was much force also in the renly made the other
day by a.n officer in Alexarfdna, when he was
asked by the commissary department what he
wanted: "J want ropes in Alexandria.' It was a
laconic reply, but it meant a great deai. I pur-
pose for a few moments to look at a few facts that
stare us in the face. What has been the conduct
of our Army? When i was in Kentucky in the
month ofOctobcr last, spending: afow weeks, there
was a reffiment located right in the Blue Grass le-
gion, where there are a great many secessionists
t-ho have interests at the South. I was told when
that regiment left there, they had never touched
