THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1862.
New Series No. 26.
I trust, any member from availing himself of the
right to be heard, in the performance of his duty
to speak, as the proper medium through which
his constituents are represented, and I hold it to
be my duty to represent what I understand to be
the will of my constituents. I am theirs to serve
in this regard in this Hall—a service which I can-
not conscientiously render them and my country
only as I biing to the consideration of every
measure all the mental faculties I possess, and
then act upon these measures in view of my re-
sponsibility to my country and my God.
What I understand to be the will of my con-
stituents is, that this wicked rebellion should be
putdown. ThatthisGovernmentshould,as speed-
ily as possible, bring to bear upon it its gigantic
power foritsutterextinguishmentand extirpation,
and so effectually that, when the work is done, it
shall be as utterly impossible for it so much as to
breathe again, as it is impossible for this rebellion
to-day to give breath again to the slain, whose
blood it has causelessly, wickedly shed.
My constituents are loyalists. They hold to
the subordination of State to Federal authority—
the unconditional support by the States of the
Federal Government within the limits of its con-
stitutional powers. They maintain that, with
secession in its final form, a rebellion backed by
an army, we will not, cannot, compromise. That
the only conditions, on the part of the States here
represented, on which this contest can be term-
inated, are: that the rebel States lay down their
arms, dissolve their pseudo confederacy, restore
the national property which they have feloniously
seized, and give up the leaders in this rebellion to
merited punishment. That they do this uncondi-
tionally, without any proviso for the perpetuity of
slavery. Sir, my constituents are not for endeav-
oring to aliure the rebel States by saying to them,
if you will but desist and return, you may come
with your bosom institution, with the hope on
your part, and the expectation on ours, that it will
be so disemboweled of its hideous heart and na-
ture, so improved and strengthened, as to be forever
hereafter i egarded as a beautiful polished stoncin
our national fabric. No, sir; they know that this
would be to seek to allure their return with a lie
in reservation; with as base a he as ever fell from
mortal lips, so flagrant and so barefaced that Lu-
cifer himself would blush to have them utter it.
My constituents have not, in so brief a period,
forgotten the woids of " honest" Abraham Lin-
coln—and honest I believe him to be—of whom
they were told he would never forget his own
words, nor would one act of his Administration be
inconsistent with their truthfulness, come what
might—
" A house divided against itself cannot '-tand. I be-
lieve tin1* Government cannot enduie permanently halt
slave and half tiee. I do not expect the Union to be dis-
solved ; 1 do not expect the house to fall; but I do expect
it will ccase to be divided. It will become all onelhing oi
all the other. Either the opponents of slaveiy will arrest
the fuither spiead of it, and place it where the public mind
shall rest in the belief that it is in the couise ot ultimate
extinction, or its advocates will pu-h it foivvaid till it shall
become alike lawhil in all the States, old us well as new,
North as well as South.*'
And again:
" I believe this Government has* endured half slave and
half uee, because during all that time—eighty-two yeais—
until the hitioduetiori of the NVbia^ka hill, the public mind
did lest in the belief that slaveiy was m the coarse ot ulti-
mate extinction."
I would to Heaven that during the hours of this
debate, these words of an honest man and a true
patriot, who spoke what he meant, ond meant as
he spoke, were written in letteis of fire on the lour
walls of this Council Chamber! And then, lest
some vail of cotton or gold or national expediency
should intervene to avert the eye from such a
spectacle, I would that every occupant ot these
listening galleries were God's switt prophetic min-
isters to cry continually, 41 Your legislation must
be m agreement with these woids, or Ichabod!
will be youi nation's doom and epitaph 1"
Sir, but a very, very brief period has elapsed
sincc the 17th of June, 1858. If then it had be-
come so perfectly demonstrable to the far-seeing
26
eye of the statesman, now President of the United
States, that this Government could not perma-
nently endure half slave and half free, that he could
say " I believe it"—is it less so now?
if then it was his belief that the reason why this
Government had endured half slave and half free,
was, because during all that time—eighty-two
years—until the introduction of the Nebraska bill,
the public mind did rest in the belief that slavery
was in the course of ultimate extinction, ought it
to be the less his belief now? When he came to
Washington to take his place in the presidential
chair, he said he would suffer death rather than
yield the principles on which he was elected. He
fearlessly taught the great truth of the u irrepres-
sible conflict'5 on the prairies of Illinois. Is the
conflict less irrepressible now than then?
The public mind resting in the belief that slavery
was in the course of ultimate extinction, the Con-
stitution and the Union have been sustained. Sir,
there is a question of the utmost significance in
respect to this conflict, which, as it seems to me,
we cannot wisely refuse to consider. If every
rebel State could be brought back to-day, of what
avail would it be if this Government cannot endure
permanently half slave and half free?
In Secretary Seward's letter to Mr. Dayton
(Papers Relating to Foreign Affairs, page 182) I
read:
"The condition of slavery in the several States will re-
main just the same, whethei it [the revolution] succeed or
fail. There is not even a pretext tor the complaint that the
disaffected States are to be conqueied by the United States
if the revolution fail; for the rights of the States and the
condition of every human being in them will remain •sub-
ject to exactly the same laws and foims of admimstiation,
whether the devolution shall succeed or whether it shall
fail. In the one ca^e, the Slate*- would be fedeially con-
nected with the new confudeiacy; in theorhei, they would,
as now, be inembeis of the United States : but their consti-
tutions and laws, eubtoms. habiia, and institution^ in either
case will lemain the same."
"Words," said a distinguished diplomatist, a
few days befoie his withdrawal from the palace
to the tomb—" words were given to conceal, not
to express thought." Not so in this instance, at
least. There is no circumlocution in this language;
no attempt to conceal by phraseology of doubtful
meaning that which it was intended to enunciate.
Let no one of that class of men who are continu-
ally taunting us in tins world, where " circum-
stances alter cases," with the exclamatiun that
" consistency is a jewel," allege that there is any
inconsistency between the language of Secretary
Seward to the minister of the United States in
France, and Governor Seward of New York, who,
in declining to comply with a requisition of the
Governor ofVirginiafor the rendition ofthree men
who had abducted a slave from Vnginia, said:
'• I remain of opinion that a bein^ possessed of physical,
nioi.il, and intellectual laculties common to the human race,
cannot, by foice ot any constitution or law?, be goods 01
chatteK, or a thing."
I admit it would seem as if
" Men change with foitune—manners chamre with climes.
Tenets with books, and principles with tunes.''
No, sir! The eternal principles of right and
of righteous Governments do not change with
" the"times," nor by the lapse ot time. Quod ab
initio noil valet, traclu tempons convalescere non
potest—that which had no force in the beginning
can gain no strength 1'ioui the lapse of time. A
clann or title, originally defective, cannot derive
any additional weight from prescription,
is it not the philosophy of history, though we
may ignore it, that all the Governments of the
world have approached stability just in propor-
tion as they have settled down m the pimciples
of right; and that " the nation which overrides
justice and humanity is evur spawning the seeds
of its own destruction
But slavery as it was and is, is to remain, whether
the loyal States are successful or unsuccessful in
this war for the defense of the Constitution and
the Union. Those laws and customs and habits
of slavery under which, m the year preceding
President Lincoln's inauguration, seven hundred
and twenty-three men from the North were treated
with brutal violence at the South; between forty
and fifty were murdered; many were tarred and-,
feathered, or cruelly whipped; many were impris-
oned and robbed £>f their money and clothing, and.
no local authorities interfered for their protection.
Laws and customs which would as effectually
exclude millions of men in the North and West
from the South, who are prosecuting this war, as
though there were no South; constitutions which,
if they are to remain, leave not one particle of
advantage gained by the free States over causes
which induced the South to separate, but with
these causes still existing in full force, having been
strengthened and not in the least weakened with
a people who look at all times with contemptuous
astonishment on those who—I quote the words
of Mr. Leigh in the Virginia convention of 1829—
t( Depend on their daily labor for their daily subsistence;
can never enter into political affairs; never do, never will,
never can."
If this be so—if such is to be the result of this
war in case the rebellion does not succeed, then
this Government will have inherent in it, as it has
hitherto, the elements of its destruction. Cer-
tainly, the public mind North, in this event, could
no longer rest m the belief that slavery is in the
course of ultimate extinction. How could it so
much as reach forward to this belief? Or, if to
this belief it could attain, how could it possibly
rest in it, since the battles would have been fought,
the victories won, at such a sacrifice of treasure
and life as could not be estimated by any rule of
human computation; and still thfc Union restored,
the disaffected States brought back with their con-
stitutions and laws, customs, habits, and institu-
tions as they existed previous to the rebellion?
And the public mind South would rest in the
belief—rest did I say? No, sir; as heretofore it
has known no rest, but has been restless, active,
aggressive, in the belief, so it would continue to
be, that slavery must have extension and political
recognition until it shall become alike lawful m all
the States. And why not? They regard44 slavery
as the most safe and stable basis for republican
institutions m the world;" " as the corner-stone
of our republican edifice;" " that no human insti-
tution is more manifestly consistent with the will
of God than domestic slavery." They do not
believe that this Union can permanently endure
without the basis is so broad that the whole su-
perstructure shall stand upon it. As patriots—
as philanthropic Christian men who would see to
it that an institution fraught with such inestima-
ble blessings, and so manifestly consistent with ■
the will of God, should onward move until its ad-
vantages and blessings are in the possession and
enjoyment of every -State—they are under the
most solemn obligations to contend for it, live for
it while they live, and die fur it, if they must, if
so be that through their instrumentality this in-
stitution may accomplish its glorious destiny, and
the corner-stone of our republican edifice be im-
movably fixed forever. In regard to the Cincin-
nati platform, Mr. Benton was reported to have
said at a political ratification meeting—
" l have told you of the attempts to kill off Buchanan in
the convention^ under the two-thirds rule. There was an-
other attempt of a diffemit kind to do the same thing. It
was with a phitfoim, a patihulaiy structure, with a^rope over
the head and a trap-door under the feet, and so contrived
that if he got on it he was swung up m the North; if nor,
he was hud out at the South. His fi lends found out the
frame, it was determined that he should mount the plat-
form, he it what it might."
Ill 1836, Governor McDufiie said, in his mes-
sage to the Legislature of South Carolina, "that
within twenty-five years slavery would be ex-
tended to the northern States." From that day
to the hour of the rebellion has that State, with
its colaborers in thought and action, vigorously
endeavored to bring about the fulfillment of this
prediction, and thus u kill off" the North. And
now the attempt has culminated in this rebellion,
inasmuch as the quarter of a century lias elapsed
and the prediction had not been accomplished.
By the aid of the rebellion a platform has been
constructed, a patibulary structure, with a rope
over the head of the loyal States and a trap-door
under their feet, so that, if th« States take their
