1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
for the fearlessness with which they utter their
convictions; in these convictions I believe them
to he conscientious. And will they not grant that
we arc conscientious in'the idea that liberty to all,
the black as well as the white man, is the life of
the Republic? And in the idea of which we can-
not be rid, that if slavery should be terminated
by this war, it would be, in the language of Lord
Brougham of the great emancipation struggle and
victory in England, ii the greatest triumph mortal
ever won over the greatest crime man ever commit-
ted?" If you condemn us for this, let your con-
demnation be first of Jefferson and his compeers,
who said:
" One day of Ametican slavery is vvor^e than a thousand
years of that wluch we robe in arms to oppojp."
Pass all along the line of departed statesmen,
and select the most illustrious of their age in every
land, and condemn them. If you have any anath-
ema to pronounce, let it likewise fall on Seward
and Chase and Lincoln, for they arc among the
living whose well-sowed seed of truth is now rais-
ing our expectations of hearing shouted, ere long,
the "harvest home" of the reapers for liberty!
What then? What of all this, do you ask ? Why,
just this, and nothing less and nothing more. Let
not this contest end—it cannot terminate with
principles so antagonistic living m the hearts and
ever kindling the deeds of the men North and
South, and a lasting Union be secured. Do not
lot us deceive ourselves or the people in this mat-
ter. I think Carlyle was not far from the truth
when he said:
America's battle is yet to fight, and she will have her
own agony and her own victory, but on other terms than
she is yet quite aware of."
Men and money my constituents would have me
vote for this war; men and money I will unhes-
itatingly vote for it—all of both that Government
may require. The State of Maine, one of whose
Representatives in this Congress I have the honor
to be, has already sent into the field sixteen thou-
sand men—five hundred more than her quota of
the five hundred thousand which were thought
requisite for this war. If you call for them she
will as promptly and cheerfully furnish sixteen
thousand more. But let not the war policy of
the Cabinet be founded on the idea of pacification
without conquest, and without disturbing slavery,
the continued existence of which has been con-
sidered, we fear, an essential element of pacifica-
tion, whether with or without conqucst.
And do not ask us to believe that the end is to
be the restoration of the Union with slavery in-
tact. Let us at least checr nur hearts with the
thought, the hope, that it may be otherwise; and
that with the end of this war there will come the
end *of that which caused it, and which Mr. Rhett
said, in the South Carolina convention, " has
been gathering head for thirty"—he might have
said for more than thirty—"years." Confisca-
tion—emancipation, even! Do you tell me the
people will not bear it? I do not comprehend
now loyal men can help bearing what the Con-
gress, in such a day of the nation's peril, may, in
its wisdom, have the resolution to do.
I have somewhere read that on a medal struck
by the city ofWorms in 1617, there is represented
a burning candle, standing upon an open Bible,
with a serpent endeavoring to extinguish it, anti
a hand from the clouds pointing to it, and inti-
mating that divine strength feeds the flame. One
inscription on the medal is, " 0 Lord, let it shine
on forever!"
It is divine strength which feeds the flame of
the burning candle of liberty, so brightly ablaze,
still supported by our Constitution: while the
green and gilded serpent of slavery, in the shape
of rebellion and secession, is endeavoring to twine
its slimy folds about it to extinguish it. Do you
assert that slavei y is not this serpent? Be it what
it may, then, in this we are agreed: we will strangle
it to death. And may liberty, supnoited by the
Constitution cf our fathers, shine on forever.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
it is not my intention to attempt a constitutional
argument; and yet I had supposed, until the very
extraordinary remarks of the gentleman Irom
Ohio, the defacto chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee for the time being, that every sane man
believed Congress had no constitutional right to
legislate upon the subject of slavery in loyal
States. I was not aware that the constitutional
power of the General Government was unlimited.
I had heard that in the constitutional conven-
tion there were those who favored a strong con-
solidated government, but I had supposed that
the democratic idea, of certain State rights, and a
general government of limited powers, prevailed.
I supposed, also, that the Constitution itself had a
limiting clause, which provides that—
"All powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States, respectively, or to the people.3'
The last Congress, by unanimous resolution,
expressed their opinion on this subject, and I sup-
posed it was pretty generally admitted by this;
but I will leave this constitutional argument to
others, and proceed with what I understand to be
a plain, common-sense view of this question.
At the opening of the present session of Con-
gress, when extreme measures on the subject ot
slavery were inaugurated, and efforts made to se-
cure their adoption with indecent haste, the great
heart of the Republic was sad.
Afterwards, as those resolutions were, by the
good sense of a majority of the members present,
referred to a regular committee for consideration,
the public mind was relieved, and hope revived.
The conservative men here and elsewhere breathed
more freely, and sanguine anticipations were en-
tertained that, whatever should come back from
the committee, would be in such form as that all
Union-loving men could assent to the report,and
that in the mean time all discussions upon this
troublesome question might be suspended. Un-
fortunately, however, some gentlemen, unwilling
to await the deliberations of a responsible com-
mittee, have apparently sought to forestall their
action by harangues of the most objectionable
and offensive character; and thus we have been
repeatedly compelled to consider this unwelcome
subject.
In times of imminent peril, in moments of des-
perate emergency, men have appeared in all ages
of the world adapted to the exigencies of the oc-
casion; and yet it, is greatly to he feared, if that
portion of this Government of the people more
immediately representative cannot rise to the dig-
nity and importance of their present position, no
men will be found capable of grappling with and
overcoming our difficulties. If this mighty de-
mocracy, which was to have been the pattern of
Governments, and show the world the road to
liberty, has become so tainted with corruption,
with passion, or prejudice, that the direct repre-
sentatives of the people cannot forget the neces-
sity of tinkering for party advancement or the
success of some favorite idea long enough to save
our country, what hope have we?
Were the forked flames bursting in upon us,
would any hesitate or cavil about the cause and
probable effect; would we wrangle over a loaded
magazine, while the lighted torch moved slowly
on its certain mission, until ourselves, and every-
body and thing held sacred and dear were shiv-
ered to atoms, because not quite certain whose
party or favorite theory would succeed if we
avoided destruction ? Nothing; can be more ap-
parent than that we cannot aid in restoring peace
and harmony to this distracted country by con-
tinually stirring up bad blood, and quarreling with
the Executive Departments, military command-
ers, and each other. We cannot all take control of
everything; we are compelled to trust somebody,
and undoubtedly we must trust those who are the
regularly constituted authorities.
This Administration is not of my choosing, and
yet I know it is the duly elected and lawfully con-
stituted head of the Government of these United
States—holding authority under that Constitu-
tion we have all sworn before the world, and in
the presence of Almighty God, to support, and
as such is entitled to the kind consideiation and
hearty coopeiutum of evei y othu department,and
of every citizen, m whatever is necessary to re-
establish and preserve the integrity of the nation;
and, for one, I intend to give u with no grudging
hand, until this monster rebellion is crushed; and
the mighty moving masses of the people, let me
tell you, throughout the entire extent of our loyal
territory are resolved to do the same thing; and
when the war is over, and peace again reigns within
our borders, those same people, rest assured, will
hold everybody in power, from the highest to the
lowest, to strict account for the manner in which
they discharge the sacred trust committed to their
keeping.
If such times as these, and the responsibilities
which surround us, cannot induce representative
men to reject every personal and political consid-
eration,and apply themselves unselfishly and res-
olutely to the salvation of their country, then there
is verjr little hope of the permanent success of a
republican government; for I am unwilling to be-
lieve we are worse than others who might-be thus
convened; and if the circumstances in which we are
placed; the distresses which arc but too manifest,
everywhere; the privations, hardships, sufferings
and death to which our six h undred thousand brave
men in arms, and many others, are exposed, are
not sufficient to stimulate every needed sacrifice,
iasomuch that we would consider it a pride and a
glory to lay down our lives, if need be, upon the
altar of our country, what right have wc to ex-
pect that other representative bodies will be more
patriotic?
Mr. Chairman, it is shocking to hear men de-
liberately argue that certain measures are uncon-
stitutional, and in the next breath urge their adop-
tion,and counsel the overridingofallconstitutions
and laws, for the purpose of advancing a favorite
theory. If we are to disregard the Constitution,
and trample upon the rights guarantied by it to
I States or individuals, what betterare we than the
rebels we contend against?
It is not true, sir, that slavery is an outlaw in
this Government. It is guarantied by the Con-
stitution, and was part of the consideration for the
original compact, upon which our Government
and Constitution were founded. It has always
existed with us, and with it we have prospered
beyond every other nation of the earth. It now
occupies less territory than at any former period
of our history; yet so long as there is a single
State, nay any part of any State, which is loyal,
and entitled to-the guarantees of the Constitution
in regard to slavery, it is their right; exactly as
much as any of us are entitled to any of our
rights of person or property. We have no busi-
ness to attempt any interference with the guaran-
tees of the Constitution in reference to slavery;
any such effort cannot fail to divide and distract
the country, wiien harmony and concert of action
arc indispensable to its salvation.
Gentlemen tell us it is wrong, and, therefore,
should not exist. So is impiety wrong, and yet
it cannot quite he suppressed by force of law; and
the bloody reenrdsof the past show that the strong
arm of power is impotent for such purpose. Such
is doubtless the case with numberless moral evils
ten times more revolting than slavery; and, be-
sides, men cannot agree about these abstractions
of right and wrong; and the only way for us to
sustain our. Government is to stand by our Con-
stitution. It was sufficient for our fathers, has
been for us; and unless wc would invite anarchy
and confusion, accompanied by a reign of terror
horrible to contemplate, we mustadhere to it now.
Of course, we cannot all think alike; but men
united in a terrible struggle, not only for self-pres-
ervation, and national existence, but for rights and
interests as well, too vast and extendedfor human
calculation, ought to have such respect for each
other as not to insist upon measures distasteful to
any unless believed to be indispensable; and if,
acting upon such magnanimous principle, where
disagreement is inevitable, we would sincerely and
generously endeavor to bring our minds together
without, regard to preconceived opinions, or any
consideration whatever inconsistent with an hon-
est desire to act together for our country's good,
undoubtedly we could agree; at least so far as to
preventany serious embarrassment to the common
cause.
It is sickening to witness the mad ravings of
fanaticism at any tune, but how infinitely more
teniblo at such a time as this; and yet. the unac-
countable fascinations of a strange insanity, even
now and here, seem capable of charming men into
submission to whatappears an impious hallucina-
tion to all except those subjected to its influence.
It certainly seems that some among us have in-
dulged their vivid imaginations in the exaggera-
tien of one dark picture until so completely en-
veloped in an impenetrably black cloud of their
own creation, as to exclude from their disordered
intellects the sunlight of truth. And, sir, if the di-
rection of affairs is to be given over to those whose
minds are so maddened by the contemplation of
this hideous object that they can understand no
other right or interest except the necessity of its
