3346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
eminent to show firmness and nerve and energy
in punishing them. It is our vacillating policy that
has now caused Kentucky and other States to be
invaded, because we have not sustained our loyal
men, and wc have not shown to the people of this
country that we are determined to carry on this
war as a war. We shall never have peace until
we have a uniform and permanent system, and that
system mu'stcome from the Executive; and if it is
necessary, he ought to be told by you and by mc:
issue a proclamation, not only one a day, but
every hour; this is no time to hesitate; put it in the
hands of every officer throughout the North, and
proclaim throughout the length and bread th of this
land that o man who is not for this Union must
forfeit all he has. This Government must be pre-
served.. A rebel to this great Government has no
claims to its protection; and the man who can
rebel" against it ought to forfeit everything and
to die.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to ask my
friend a question.
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will ask him whether he
would make every military officer the judge of the
loyalty or disloyalty of the citizen ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I will answer that. I would
not make a military ofRcer the judge of a mail's
conscience, but we can always tell men by their
acts. We have a great many men furnishing aid
and comfort to the South. We have men afl over
the North who cannot see anything right in this
war. I would make every military commander
myofficer; I would lay down my rule; and I would
take the property under this confiscation bill, and
then 1 would let the court determine the question.
Sir, in this hour of deep calamity it is no time to
be critical in the use of the means we shall employ.
Mr. President, it was my fortune about ten
months since to come into that beautiful bay, the
bay of Naples. No man can describe it. Ihere,
for the first time in many months, I saw the
American flag, and about twenty of our boys row-
ing to shoref and I met a gentleman, that I was
pleased to see here the other day, on board the
Richmond, who is a loyal man, just as we had
received the news of the attack on Port Sumter.
A man must see all this; to know what it is in a
foreignjnud to see the Hag of his country and meet
one of'his fellow-citizens; to know what it is to
be an Jhnerican citizen. We have a groat deal
more at stake than I fear we sometimes think. We
talk about our Government, and speak of it as
our all. We each know that; but we do not realize
what it means to be an American citizen. Mr.
President, go abroad; go to the couch of the dying
mother, when in a foreign land, separating from
her child, her husband, and everything that is
dear to her; see that dying mother ask for the ling
of this country to be wrapped around her when
she dies, and you will then know what it in to be a
citizen of a united and happy country. 1 have
felt this; I have known it; and 1 could not come
right, back to my struggling country and run into
partisan ranks,and talk about filling the ofliceaof
the country. What odds does it make who fill
the offices of the country, if wo can preserve it, if
we can only save the institutions of our country,
and break down this rebellion and the principle
on which u rests—disobedience to law ?
Why, sir, if Jeff Davis, in his inaugural, had
put thy rebellion on the ground of revolution, I
should have felt very different from what I do in
regard to it now. It would have been less painful
to me if he had claimed the right to go out on the
ground of revolution; but, oh ! those fatal words,
tiie right to separate from this Government, under
the compactofourfathers, therightto secede from
this Union, the right to go out of this compact!
Acknowledge that doctrine once, and you have
got nothing left. What obligations have you at
home for your counties to remain in the States?
it would sap the foundation ofall our institutions;
and who is there that is not willing to sacrifice any-
thing and everything to break down this infamous
heresy which is attempting the destruction of this
Union ? Sir, if that doctrine should prevail, wc
may burn our churches and destroy our school-
houses, for there is nothing left worthy of the name
of an American citizor.
Now, we are all engaged in this controversy, in
this contest, and my prayer and wish is that we
may act together as one man, and have a definite
policy ffom the Executive; that that policy may
go before our Army; that every man who takes a
musket in his hand may know, as he goes into
battle, that he has the assurance of his country to
stand by him in an affirmative policy, and to make
the disloyal man's property subject to his wants,
and an aid in defraying the expenses of this war.
Then we shall have a system, and will show to all
the nations of the earth that we are yetaGovern-
ment, and that there is yet power, firmness, and
nerve enough to punish rebellion.
Mr. HENDERSON. In reference to one point
made by the Senator from Indiana, as against
Missouri, Kentucky, and Tennessee, I desire to
state to that Senator that I believe in the State of
Missouri are the only instances of contributions
levied upon disloyal men for the purpose of carry-
ing on this war. I cannot now remember a single
instance, except in the State of Missouri, of con-
tributions being made strictly in accordance, as I
consider, with international law upon that subject.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senator will allow me
to ask him this question: was I not right in the
statement that General Halleck's order issued on
the subject of hanging bridge-burners has stopped
all trouble of that kind since?
Mr. HENDERSON. Not entirely; there is
some trouble now.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then it is only lately.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that, in the State of Missouri,
those men who have been caught in arms within
the last two or three months have been summarily
put to death; they have been shot upon the spot
where they were taken. That is the system that
has been adopted in the State of Missouri. Con-
tributions have been levied in various parts of the
State of Missouri; and I can say to him very
frankly that I agree with him in the belief that if
we had marched our armies into the territories of
the rebellion, and had levied those contributions ■
according to the international law on the subject,
as we have an indisputable right to levy them, and
to collect from the rebels whatever might be ne-
cessary for the subsistence, the transportation,
and the comfort of the Army, we would have had
less trouble.
But, sir, there has been another difficulty in my
honest view in reference to this matter, and I will
state it now. The Senator from Indiana is mis-
taken, in my opinion, in referenced the valuable
power that ne nas assigned to anything like legis-
lative confiscation. The course of policy that I
would pursue in Missouri I would not pursue in
South Carolina. Why? Because in the State of
South Carolina the people are rebellious, almost
every one of them. It is almost a united rebel-
lion in the State of South Carolina. It is not so
in the State of Missoun; it is not so in the State
ofTennessee; it is not so in the State ofKentucky;
and I would vary my policy in those States. It
will not do to talk about agencral policy in refer-
ence to putting down the rebellion. The course
of policy I would pursue in regard to men who
are bushwhacking in Kentucky to-day, when
there is comparative peace, and in the State of
Missouii,is this: when I caught them 1 would
have them shot, because it is irregular warfare;
it is guerrilla warfare; it is not legalized by human-
ity, nor is it in accordance with the rights of na-
tions in that respect, and henee it is that I would
treat them in that way. But the Senator from In-
diana would not put to death the prisoners that
he took at Fort Donelson, nor would he put to
death the prisoners that he took at Richmond the
other day. Why? Simply because, if they are
put to death, our prisoners in then hands will be
put to death to an equal number.
Let me say another thing while I am up, as I
do not desire to occupy the time of the Senate
again.v The Senator complains of the discussion
of this negro question. 1 have not thrust that
question upon this body. I have never done it.
1 have been indisposed to discuss it upon every
occasion, and I do not feel disposed to discuss it
now. When he talks, however, about disloyal
men being protected, he will excuse me if I say
that I have not, in all my action, cared at all in
regard to the rebels; but whatever I have done has
been done for the protection of loyal men. I have
not given the rebels my sympathy, as I have re-
peatedly said. I have had nothing to do with their
rights and their interests here m the Senate; but
whenever I have touched this subject, it has been
in reference to the rights of loyal men; and he,
himself, has complimented the loyal men in every
State in the Union, and very properly.
The Senator thinks that if the President of the
United States will adopt some policy—I suppose
he alludes to this negro question—and carry it out,
this rebellion will be completely put down. Mr.
President, the putting down of this rebellion does
not rest upon the negro question. My opinion
is, that there has been an effort on the part of the
Government intended for the best, but which has
not operated well, to protect the whole line of bor-
der between the seceding States and the non-
seceding States. I know that there has been an
effort in the State of Missouri to protect loyal
men there, and I honor the Government for it; I
honor northern men for it; but it is wrong that
sixty or seventy thousand troops should be kept
upon that border for the mere protection of men
in Missouri. It is wrong to divide the immense
force that we have for the purpose of putting down
the rebellion, and have a part of it at Corinth, a
part of it in Arkansas, a part of it at Washington
city, a part of it at Richmond, a part of it at Hil-
ton Ilead, a part of it at,other points in South
Carolina, a part of it at Roanoke Island, and a
part of it at New Orleans. 1 have for som'e months
been fearful, inasmuch as we are compelled, when
we make a movement, to move around the whole
borders of these seceding States, and we are ne-
cessarily delayed in making our military move-
ments, that the rebels with their railroads, and
having only to cross the diameter of their States,
will attack us in detail, and destroy the various
divisions of our Army. Prom recent movements
in Tennessee and in Kentucky, and from our re-
verses at various points with our divided Army,
I have been fearful, and I am now fearful, unless
there is some more concentrated effort, thatit will
be defeated in detail. If an attack is made in the
direction of Washington city, and it becomes ne-
cessary to move the troops of General Halleck's
army here, it is no easy matter for us to make the
transportation; but yet it is an easy matter for the
rebels to make a movement fiom Corinth here,
and why? Because they have merely the diam-
eter of their country to pass over, while we have
one half of the circumference or more to pass
around. That is the condition of affairs. There
ought not to be an intention on the part of the
Government to protect every inch of its border.
That idea should be abandoned, and abandoned
at once.
Sir, you will never free slaves, you will never
confiscate property, you will never touch the en-
emy, unless you can enter their territory. How
arc you going to enter it with your Army divided
in every direction ? Can you advance through
South Carolina? We undertook it the other day
and backcd out. Can you advance into North
Carolina? Why has not the advance long since
been made? Can you advance below Corinth?
Why not advance? I tell Senators that the great
difficulty is that our Army is not concentrated. It
ought to be brought together and then marched
over the country. Subsist the Army, as the Sen-
ator from Indiana says, upon the rebels as you go.
Make them feel the power of the Government.
They have never yet felt it. A few secessionists
of my State have had levies and contributions
made upon them,and to my satisfaction always.
In addition to that, they have had their property
destroyed; and Union men, too, have had their
property destroyed. Sir, nobody has felt the ter-
rors of this war except a few border State men.
You have not yet entered the territories of the
lebels; and with a divided Army all aiound this
vast circumference of their territory for thousands
and thousands of miles, while they transport their
troops from one point to another, they may attack
us m detail and destroy the Army. This has been
going on for a long while.
If you will enter North Carolina and South
Carolina and Alabama and Georgia and Louis*
iana, whose action brought death and destruction
to the border States, we will not complain as to
your course of conduct, whatever it may be; but
we implore you to go'there,and take this war, if
you please, from our borders. We have borne it
long enough. Our people have all been confiscated
to every extent that my heart can desire; and I
am as good a Union man as any that lives. We
have all, Union and disunion, been confiscated— *
confiscated to the extent of the desires of any man;
and here you are with your armies in our border
