2386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
, The.gentleman from fndiana is the first man
trjjwh this floor who has sought to make party-
capital out of efforts to detect and expose frauds
upon the Treasury. No such course was pur-
sued by his political friends upon that committee,
■which has received his encomiums. The baleful
influences of party never entered that committee
room. What I said in the extract just read 1
here repeat:
. " My friends on the committee of different politics from
me will have the justice to say that the Republican party
is not the only one that has participated in these plunders."
Thegentlemanfrom Indiana is not satisfied with
this, and I go further. For every dollar he will
show plundered from the Treasury by a Repub-
lican, I will show a corresponding dollar plun-
dered by a Democrat; and I invite him to the test.
I will give him a few examples to aid him.
The gentleman from Indiana took special pains
to call the attention of the House to the enormous
frauds committed in the western department, for-
getting—one would suppose from the tenor of his
speech, which was to charge everything on the
Republican party—that the quartermaster's de-
partment of the western department was in the
hands of a Democrat, who learned, too, how to
manage money matters in war times by his edu-
cation under a Democratic administration in the
Mexican war. On Quartermaster McKinstry, an
oldDemocrat, as much, to say the least, as on any
other one man—truth compels me to express my
belief, more than upon any other man—rest the
enormous frauds committed in thewestern depart-
ment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would like to ask the
gentleman upon what authority he states that Mc-
Kinstry is a Democrat?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield the floor?
Mr. DAWliS. I do not. Why, sir, every-
body knows that this man is a Democrat. I have
the same authority for saying that he is a Demo-
crat that 1 have for saying that the gentleman
from Illinois is a Democrat, except thatthe gentle-
man from Illinois docs not join those who plunder
the Treasury. The gentleman from Indiana right
before me [Mr. Shanks] says he heard him say
so. The beef contract, too, was in the hands of
Democrats; the wood contract was in the hands
of Democrats; the whole New England depart-
ment, from the distinguished heat! down to Paul
II. George, who received his education in the New
Hampshire Democracy under Franklin Pierce,
and graduated with quartermaster's honors in the
Mexican war, all was Demociatic to the third
and fourth generation. The quartermastership of
George in New England and all its collateral
branches is a rich field ripe for the harvest. Let
the gentleman thrusMn the sickle. One single
contract, the charterofthe Constitution, was made
by a leading Democrat of New England with an-
other distinguished Democrat of the city of New
York. .She was chartered at$2,500a day, which,
upon the. 5th oflast March, had run up to #313,000,
and yet the Government had not leeeived us much
service, up to that time as they have from the
Catuline, (or which the Government was to pay
#10,000 a month. This vessel is still under char-
ter, and if without modification, it has to-day run
up to the amount of $617,500 on a single vessel.
1 hat contiact for the charter of the vessel was
made by General Butler, of Massachusetts, with
C. If. Garrison, of New York. Then, sir, the
Boker contract, that most refined of all contracts
for successfully drawing money from the United
States Treasury without any adequate consider-
ation, was made witli no political friend of this
Administration.
Mr. 8TKELF,, of New Jersey. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask under whose authority
this contract was made?
Mr. DAWES. That of Simon Cameron.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. Is the Demo-
cratic party responsible for luin?
Mr. DAWES. The Democratic party is re-
sponsible for Smion Cameron. [Great laughter.]
.that L lnladelphia inspector who received ) \v <
per cent, upon all tl,o goods he inspected wo
Democrat Thomas A. Seott, the'most distin-
guished of them all, and the president of the Penn-
sylvania rai road,are Democrats; and I am told
this moment that the celebrated George D. Mor-
gan belongs to this same political school. These
Will Suffice for examples.
]
wclvc
X6 a
Sir, the plunderings of the Treasury, and other
frauds in contracts, of which 1 have spoken, and
at which the country has been .justly indignant,
had their origin in the administration of the War
Department under the late Secretary. He has
been driven from his post, and censured by a vote
of this House, and ha alone must bear the odium.
The gentleman has not unearthed frauds in any
other Department. They are confined to this.
The late Secretary, under whose auspices they
have ripened into rottenness, fell a victim to his
early political associations and education. Those
who made him what he is should take him back.
The Secretary of the Navy adopted a system of
compensation for services in allowing George D.
Morgan a two and a half percent, commission upon
the purchase of vessels, wrong in piinciple and
pernicious in tendency; but there was no fraud on
his part in the transaction; it was open and known
of all men. The purchases, as a whole, have
never been condemned,but, on the contrary, com-
mended. And the vessels themselves have per-
formed a conspicuous part in the achievement of
that glory which at this moment encircles the
Navy. The House, Without division,adopted a
resolution condemning the practice, but refused
to censure the Secretary, because of the entire
absence of fraud on his part in the transaction.
That great and controlling part which the patriot-
ism and valor of the Navy has performed in the
great drama of this rebellion, has only cost the
country the paltry sum of $29,663,414 43. And
there, withoutfear, I leave ltto the assaults of the
gentleman from Indiana.
But, sir, let us return to the statistics and state-
ments of the gentleman from Indiana. Having
disposed of our liabilities in a great public debt,
he then turns his attention to the current yearly
expenses of the Government that must be paid
every year which comes round. These he groups
into four items, round sums. He is not troubled
with small matters, nor odd millions. Here they
are.
The gentleman makes our " current yearly ex-
penses" $400,000,000, as follows:
Tniercst on public debt $100,000,000
Oidmaiy expenses of Government af'uu war is
over   150,000.000
Pensions  lOOjOOOjuOO
Contingent OApenses,    £>{',000,000
$-500,00 0,0 00
Now, let us look at each one of these items, and
see what data can be found for them. Take the
first—interest on public debt. Take first the whole
expenditure of the Government during Mr. Lin-
coln's administration:
War and Navy $41fi,25>7.689 97
AH oilier expunihtuies  2.">,3G6jb71 27
Total $411,594,501 2*
Six per cent, interest $28,495.673 67
Inteiest on old public debt  4,00;), 173 %
Ycaily interest on public debt $30,195,847 03
This gives, instead of the §100,000,000 claimed
by him, only $30,405,847 63, if we take the
actual public debt as heretofore given, namely,
§481,790,145 05, and the interest is $28,907,768 70.
But $150,000,000 of this indebtedness is for de-
mand notes, bearing no interest, so that the aver-
age interest on the public debt is four and a half
per cent., and gives the sum of $21,9S0,82G 52.
Ordinary JZtpendilurcs of Government after Ike war isover.
Expenditures of the first year, except for the Armv and
Navy $31,375,300 08
Expenditures of Aimy and iVavj 1860-61.. 33.3SS,6ts7 19
Standing army of one hundred thousand
men would cost one sixth of tiro co>t of
the piesent numbei, or one :■ ixtii of
82-14,000,000, or $60,666,666 ; but d0,000,
or one fifth of this numbei, is included
111 last item, or the old standing Ami),
leaving, as the cost of the meiense of
the' standing Army, which includes, in
a peace establishment, aims, ordnance,
tiau-portation m time of war. and all
other expenses of a war establishment... 48,533,333 33
the last year, or one tenth of $244,000,000, or
$24,400,000. Give the gentleman his whole con-
tingent—§50,000,000. To sum up these items as
thus ascertained:
Interest upon public debt   $21,980,826 52
Ordinary expenses of Government annually
after ihe war is over,     105,5397,226 R0
Pensions  24,400,000 00
Contingent unforeseen expenses  50,000,000 00
Total current annual expenditures $201,678,053 12
Pensions: If you pension every tenth mail in I
your whole Army at the full pay of ins rank, in- ;
eluding arms, outfit, transportation, and other I,
expenses of a time of a war, it would be but one !j
tenth of the expense of supporting the Army for !<
This is only about $200,000,000 every year less
than the sum which thegentleman has paraded as
the annual expenses of theGovernmentto be col-
lected by an annual tax, and that without taking
into consideration one dollar of the annual receipts
of the Treasury. Wow, by reference to the receipts
of the Treasury, already given, for the last four
years of peace, it will be found that they average
$49,236,991 19. Deduct this, xvithout the slight-
est allowance for increase of population and of
business prosperity, and it would leave as current
yearly expenses, to be provided for by internal
revenue, §152,431,061 93. In this calculation I
have allowed $50,000,000 for unforeseen and un-
provided for expenses. This is an enormous sum.
Who believes that it will require this sum every
year to meet such expenses? It may the first year.
But no Administration, having any knowledge of
the liabilities of the Government, will be obliged
to provide for unforeseen claims $50,000,000 every
year. I leave it, however, as it is, and bring the
annual expenditures of the Government down to
§152,431,061 93, as before stated. Great Britain,
in time of peace, with a population scarcely two
thirds our own, annually pays about three times
that sum.
This, then, is the sum the nation must pay for
free institutions. How much more shall be added
to it will depend upon how much longer divided
counsels and halting purposes shall protract this
war. But be it more or less, it is the price we
must pay for, if we would preserve, that free Gov-
ernment which was bequeathed to us withoutcost
by our fathers. The gentleman from Indiana is
unwilling topay his share. He can speak for him-
self, and doubtless does truly. I will not speak
for his constituents; but however it may be with
himself, I believe ho is mistaken in them if he
thinks they will shrink from their full share of the
burden and the blood that shall testify their ap-
preciation of that glorious inheritance, and their
unfaltering purpose to transmit it unimpaired to
their children. Sir, grievous as are these bur-
dens, and precious as is the blood now poured out
in defense of civil liberty, what are they all worth
in comparison with the stake? What though it
cost uncounted treasure and the best blood of the
nation, yet if out of the shock of armies, the storm
and fire and blood of battle, there shall be secured
to thirty millions of people in our day constitu-
tional liberty, the right of the majority to rule—
and to the uncounted millions who are to come
after us that rule of the majority, as Magna Charia,
fixed in law, fixed in Constitution,fixed in blood,
fixed in an unshaken reverence, everlasting and
immovable as the mountains—then, sir, will not
only the lives and the treasure this day sacrificed
be counted cheap, but to have been permitted to
share in this contiibuticn will have been counted
the highest privilege. Rachel will indeed mourn
for her children, but I assure the gentleman from
Indiana that if he and I and those around us in-
trusted with the conduct of public affairs, shall
this day be true to that trust, she will not refuse
to be comforted, but will rather thank God that
no son of hers shrunk, like a cowaid, fiom his
share of tlie burdens or the sacrifice.
But there is one other point to which I desire
to call the attention of the gentleman from Indiana.
He has been sitting these twelve months in the
councils of the nation, charged by his oath of of-
fice to see to it that the Republic sutlers no detri-
ment. During that time very many measures have
been discussed, all looking to the supply of the
Government with the means absolutely necessary
to sustain our army in the field. But I have heard
of none emanating from him. Neither the tax
bill of last session or this received his support.
During a month of discussion upon that measure
in this House, at its present session, no sugges-
tion of substitute or modification or even amend-
ment came from the gentleman from Indiana, and
finally he voted against the bill. Without the
