1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
felt myself very great regret, and I may sayalmost
guilty, for my part of the neglect to finish this
battery at the last session of Congress. We might
then have appropriated a sufficient sum for its
completion, so that it now might be ready for
action. I, for one, did not then know the import-
ance of the subject. Other Senators, I presume,
did not know much more than 1 did. It is no
reflection on them to say that what the whole
country were ignorant of they also were ignorant
of. The importance of this species of vessel was
not then known, at least on this side of the At-
lantic, although on the other very great advances
and improvements had been made in this species
of naval architecture.
The sum to be expended, lam aware, is a large
sum at this particular crisis. It is nearly a mil-
lion of dollars; but believing, as I do, that it is a
wise expenditure, that it ought to be made, that
this battery ought to be finished, that the experi-
ment ought to be tried, that good economy even
requires that we should not lose what has already
been advanced, but that we should go on and
finish the work, I shall vote for.the amendment
which is pending for the completion of this bat-
tery.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had hoped, Mr. Pres-
ident, that we should reach a vote on this ques-
tion earlier in the day than this; butitseemsgen-
tlemen have.thought proper to discuss it till this
hour. That is all rightcnough,and I find no fault
with it. I know but little about this Stevens bat-
terymore than what has fallen to the ordinary lot
of men who have had anything to do with public
affairs; but I know the proceedings of tins body
in relation to it within this very Congress.
Every day that 1 live adds to the conclusion
which I long since formed that £<11 attempts in
Congress by legislation to direct the Executive
Departments of the Government in the detail and
order of their business are always productive of
evil. Whenever Congress undertakes to interfere
with the management of the war, the mere direc-
tion of it, the engineering of it, not providing the
supplies, the result is evil. So it is with any De-
partment. Whenever Congress undertakes to say
how the Post Office Department shall make their
contracts, how they shall enforce the fines they
impose, how their special agents shall conduct
themselves, or to direct anything of that kind in
relation to the executive management of the De-
partment, it always produces evil. Congr< ss
should bo content with doing its legitimate busi-
ness of legislation, and leave the Executive De-
partments to the proper performance of their func-
tions.
At the last session of this Congress—I mean the
called session in July-—an act was passed which
covered the case of this very battery. I voted for
it partly with a view to that, as much was said
about it. In the act making an appropriation for
the construction of armored ships or floating bat-
teries, we provided:
"That the Peeietmy of the Navy bo, and ho is heteby
authorized and directed to appoint a bnaid of three skilUul
nnval officers to investigate the plans and specifications that
may bo Emitted for the conjunction or completing of iion
or steel clad steamships or steam floating battens, and on
their iepoit, should it be favorable, the Secretaiy of the
Navy will cause one or more aunorcd or uon or steel-clad
steamships oi floating steam battciics to he built; and there
is hereby nppropuated, out of any money in the Tiea--my
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $1,500,0U0.->
The words " or completing" were putin that
law in view of this very ship, that it might be com-
pleted if it should be found proper on suitable ex-
amination. But not content with that, before the
session ended a joint resolution was passed spcci-
fying this particular ship in these terms:
" That the Secretary of the Navy he authorized to appoint
aboard of examine!* to examine the iion steam battery now
building atHoboken, New Jeiscv, and aseeitain what wtU
be ths cost of completing the same, how soon it can be com-
pleted, and tiie expedienc} thereolj and report thereon for
the next mpeting of Congtess.''
Here were two acts passed that covercd in fact
this very measure, and passed by us at this Con-
gress. What has been the result? Commissioners i
have been appointed, and they have made their re-
port, and made an unfavorable report, and, there-
fore, nothing has been done in the way of expend-
ing money for this purpose.
Now, sir, in relation to the subject of iron-clad
steamers, the recent event which has transpired
at Hampton Roads has, in a great measure, waked
up the public mind to the greater importance of
that species of defense. I participate in that feel-
ing; but I have no desire on that account tq take
an unusual course. I am willing to vote all the
money that the proper Executive Department says
it can use to advantage in the building of iron-clad
steam batteries or steamers of any form; but in
voting that money I desire to leave the plans and
the execution of the plans to the Executive, That
is the proper place in which to leave it, and the
only safe place to leave it. Why is it that we
should have taken this course, in this Congress,
of passing the laws to which I have referred, cov-
ering the case of this very vessel, and that now
we do not leave it to the discretion of the Exec-
utive at all? We, in the first place, passed a law
which would leave it to the Executive entirely.
Then we passed a resolution to raise a commis-
sion to inquire into this vessl specially; and then
we have an unfavorable report from that commis-
sion; and thus we see that tho Executive will not
complete the vessel; and now we propose to make
it an exception from our legislation generally, and
to say that we will take it out of the hands of the
Executive, and that it shall be built whether it be
reported against or not. I am not prepared to do
such a thing. It seems to me to be an unusual
and extraordinary course of legislation, such a
one as I think would be a bad precedent, danger-
ous to us, and dangerous in ail our legislation.
We shall have hereafter every man's plat) urged
by him and his friends, and instead of leaving it
to the proper Departments, who can call into their
service all the intelligence that is wanted on such
subjects, we undertake in this Hall to settle down
upon particular plans that should be adopted. I
am unprepared to do it.
I will add another word. I do not believe in
getting securities against the action-of the Merri-
mac by tins orany other vessel we can now build.
It is too late for that. We caimotdo it iu season.
We are told that iron vessels aie being built at
Mobile, and that the Merrimac is preparing to
come out again, and perhaps is already prepared.
If we have not already a security against them,
we cannot get it by any iron-clad vessels we may
now construct—this.or any other. The onlyse-
curity we have, and I hope and think it will be
sufficient, is to go and take Norfolk, ship and all,
and go-and take Mobile, by our army. That seems
to me to be the only resource left to us.
I cannot bul say in this connection that the sur-
render of Noi folk last year was peifectly disgrace-
ful to this nation, and every* hour our enemies
have held it has been equally so. So bad, indeed,
in it, that the very committee we appointed to ex-
amine into it, unwilling to expose to the world the
history of that transaction to our disgrace, have
never brought forward to this day their report,
and I believe they never will, and I do not know
that they ever ought.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to say a word about
that right here. That committee have not been
idle. They have been taking evidence during the
present session of Congress unrelieved, and they
will bo ready to report,! think,in less than a week.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am astonished that the
gentleman should make the least objection to the
remark I made.
Mr. HALE. I make not the slightest objec-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I made the most honora-
ble suggestion I could possibly find, and that was
that you had reserved yourselves on that point
for the honor of the nation, and I lather wish you
always should; I hope it never will be exposed.
Our only security is that Norfolk should be taken,
and taken immediately.
Mr. HOWE. I have listened to this debate
as far as I could, but have not heard the whole of
it. Still, from what I have heard, it has struck
me as about the most extraordinary one I ever
listened to. It really seems as if we had suddenly ,
grown in love with mere experiment; that the
only recommendation to be urged in support of
this appropriation was, that it was for an experi-
ment about which nobody knew anything. If
a distinguished shipbuilder who had never be-
trayed the Government or any employer, if the
Secretary of the Navy, if the Naval Committee of
the Senate, if anybody in a time like this who had
a character to put at stake to mortgage on the suc-
cess of what he proposed to us, were to come be- j
fore the Senate and to ask for an appropriation of :
$750,000, and should promise upon that character I
that he would produce something of great .value
to the country, I should think it worth while to
entertain it; and if the proposer really had some
character to put up on the project, I would not
hesitate a great while about appropriating $750,000
to make the experiment. 1 know that, hard up
as we arc, loud as is the call upon the public re-
sources, the nation can stand $750,000 more, and
not stagger much; the natiofa can stand it, if we
can.
But, sir, that is not this case. This is very dif-
ferent from that. If this were the first appearance
of Mr. Stevens before the national legislature, if
he came here to-day for the first time, or if any
other gentleman came, if Mr. Ericsson came, or
if Mr. Donakl McKay, having built some ves-
sels, never having betrayed the Government, ne vet-
having trifled with the public credulity, were to
come for the first time and say, u I propose to do
what I never have done, what nobody has ever
done; I propose to build a new kind of vessel such
as the world has never seen, and better than the
world has ever seen, and 1 want you to appropri-
ate out of the national Treasury three quarters of
a million of dollars to enable me to do it, and I
will do it," I do not risk much in saying that
there is not a Senator on this floor who would en-
tertain the proposition fifteen minutes. Ifitcame •
ftom Mr. Eticsson, if it came from the most dis-
tinguished shipbuilder you have in the country,
there is not a man wh'o would entertain it fifteen
minutes. But that is not this case. Here comes
a man before the Senate, not for the first time, nor
for the second, nor for the third—I trust I may say
for the last time. If it is not his first appearance,
I hope it is his last. He proposes to build, to be
sure, what the world.has never seen, a new style
of war vessel. He says it shall combine all the
excellences that all shipbuilders have ever pro-
duced, and that all speculators on shipbuilding
have ever dreamed of. Ho promises sufficient.
Unfortunately he has been here a great many
times; you have been tampering with this exper-
iment, or something kindred to it, bearing some
relation to it, for thfelasttwenty years. The prom-
ises of this proposer have been repeatedly made
and repeatedly violated. This is not his first one.
What right have we to expect any better results
from this proposal urged upon us to-day, than we
have had from the proposals which he has pre-
sented before?
But this is not all. We arc not called upon to
distrust and to discredit this proposition simply
because the proposer himself has discredited other
and former propositions. That is not the only
reason we have for distrusting it. He came be-
fore us last summer. Wc said we did not under-
stand these things, and we did not propose to ap-
propriate money upon our own responsibility and
upon our knowledge of shipbuilding, and there-
fore we appointed a commission of scientific men,
supposed to be capable and competent men, to
look into this matter and advise us upon it. The
Secretary of the Navy does not ask for this ap-
propriation, The Naval Committee hardly ask
for it. I believe this proposition does come pro
forma from the Naval Committee, but they do not
undertake to stand responsible for it; they do not
tell you it will succeed; they do not indorse it. You
have not the character of the Naval Committee
mortgaged here. On the contrary, the chairman
of that committee, as I understand him, tells you
distinctly that he does not know anything about
it, that it is only an experiment; and the only
member of that committee who undertakes to
speak with any degree of confidence, speaks very
confidently against it. So far as I have listened
to the debate, nobody indorses it; and your com-
mission which you appointed for the express pur-
pose of ad vising the legislation, advise you against
it; and now we have debated for nearly two days
the question, whetherupon the simple proposition
of the builder himself, discredited as his propo-
sitions have been by his own acts heretofore, we
shall overrule the Navy Department, the Naval
Committee, and our own commission, and appro-
priate three quarters of a million of dollars upon
the simple invitation of this builder himself.
It is more than that that we are asked to do.
We are not only asked to appropriate the sum of
money which he tells us is required to put upon
the waters this boat, but we are called upon to
appropriate, and we are discussing the propriety
of appropriating, something likeaquarterofamil-
