1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
the language as it now stands precisely conveys
that idea, I am not prepared to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As it stands now, if the
vessel is a success, Mr. Stevens gets on his own
statement, without audit, without anything but
his word, $228,000. If that is the way Senators
vote the public money, so be it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I desire nothing but accu-
racy in relation to this matter, and that is my sole
object in rising. I understand that a board, ap-
pointed some years ago by the Secretary of the
Navy to investigate this matter, made a report,
and among the statements contained in that report,
they set forth the fact distinctly that they had in-
vestigated and ascertained that the Stevenses had
expended this additional sum of money, which
they claimed to have expended, out of their own
pockets. My colleague read that report this morn-
ing; and if I heard it aright, it stated that fact dis-
tinctly that that account was investigated, and that
was reported by the board as one of the facts as-
certained by them. If that is so, I apprehend the
case is not as it is represented by the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. THOMSON. My colleague will excuse
me. What 1 said, was that the Secretary of the
Navy appointed Captain Hudson, of the Navy,
and Mr. William ICemble, of the city of New
York, for the purpose of investigating this battery
and reporting the amount necessary for its com-
pletion, and they investigated that matter and made
their report.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Do they not state on the
face of that report that the amount of $230,000 was
expended by the Messrs. Stevens over and above
the $500,000 drawn from the Treasury ? The ori-
ginal appropriation was the mean cost of the two
vessels, the Mississippi and the Missouri, which
was afterwards found on their being completed to
amount to over five hundred and eighty thousand
dollars. It appears that the Messrs. Stevens have
drawn at different times §500,000 in round num-
bers, leaving $86,000 unpaid. The same report
establishes the fact, as I understand, that they
had advanced over and above the amount received
from the Treasury about two hundred and thirty
thousand dollars. Clearly if the Navy Depart-
ment is satisfied that that expenditure of money
was made by the Stevenses,and we wish the work
to be completed and carried out, and wish to ap-
propriate a sum necessary to finish the vessel and
to do justice to the Messrs. Stevens, we ought to
appropriate a sum sufficient to finish the work and
reimburse the expend ituies already made by them,
and which I believe the Secretary of the Navy has
recognized.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very easy to settle this
matter by first raising the question whether or not
the claim for $228,000, or whatever may be the
sum advanced by Mr. Stevens, is not in the nature
of a private claim, and whether it can be attached
to this bill. If the Chair shall decide that it is not
in the nature of a private claim, as I think the
Chair will not. decide, then all we have to do is to
change this appropriation from $783,000 to
$554,900.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before the Senate is on the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a word in regaid
to the matter that has been raised by the Senator
from Maine. I did not draft the amendment,
though I reported it; butitis drawn in exactly the
very words of the report of the majority of the
commission. It proposes to appropriate " the sum
of $783,294, being the amount necessary to be pro-
vided as estimated by a board appointed for that
purpose." I will read from the report of the board;
Tbe total cost of the vessel complete, except stoics, is
ei-timated to be        • $1,28^291
Of this amount there lias already been paid by tho
Government    f>00,OOO
leaving yet to be provided for  §783,294
The_ very identical words the majority of the
commission have used in their report are the words
embodied in the amendment of the Naval Commit-
tee. There cannot be the slightest mistake on
earth in understanding it. I do not think thatany-
body who tries to misunderstand itcan really mis-
understand it, because it is made in figures as plain
as it can be. As to the suggestion of the Senator
fromlowa, I will say that it is a private claim just
exactly as much as the compensation paid to the
Senator for his travel and attendance here is a pri-
vate claim—a private claim as much as the salary
of any officer or the pay for any supplies that are
furnished is a private claim—-just exactly as much
and no more.
Mr. GRIMES. It is money advanced without
any authority of law, and without the approbation
of any officer of the Government, and is in my
view as much a private claim as any claim we ever
passed upon as a private bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like the Senator
from New Hampshire to read the remainder of the
passage which he has just read. Leaving what
" to be provided for?"
Mr. HALE. There is not another word in this
sentence.
"Leaving yet to lie provided for, ^783,294.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. And what is the language
of the amendment?
Mr. HALE. " Being the amount necessary to
be provided, as estimated by a board appointed
for that purpose."
Mr. FESSENDEN. For what?
Mr. HALE. " To finish Stevens's battery."
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the board say that
to finish it requires onlv $554,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator from Ohio
if he is not willing to modify the amendment so
as to allow the money to be expended by our own
officers under our own control, as in every other
case.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can offer that
amendment himself a fie rwaids.
Mr. GRIMES. I cannot do that unless the
Senator is 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does not ob-
ject to the amendment 1 offer. He desires to
'change the word " finish," as I understand, and
to use some other word that will accomplish the
object of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire that all the money we
shall expend hereafter on this vessel to be ex-
pended by our own officers. If we can make any-
thing out of this thing, 1 am willing to do it; but
1 want the money, if there is to be any more ex-
pended, expended by our own officers, who ate
responsible to us for the manner and method m
which they do expend it.
Mr. HALE. You can put that in subsequently.
Mr. THOMSON. The amounts of money
which hav^ been paid, wilb the single exception
stated by tbe Senator from Maine yesterday, are
audited and controlled and paid by an officer of
the United States Navy, who has been regularly
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy as the su-
perintendent of this battel y being constructed at
Hoboken. I take it for granted, therefore, that it
will not be necessary to adopt any such amend-
ment as has been indicated by the Senator from
Iowa, because ll this pioposition, if it should hap-
pen to pass, goes into operation the Secretary of
the Navy will do what he has been in the habit
of doing heietoforc, appoint an officer to superin-
tend tbe whole mailer, so that the funds will pass
entirely through his hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the reason which I
before stated, that I think this amendment will
shut, out one which would improve the proposi-
tion much more and make it safei, I shall vote
against it, and ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ob 10, that by his amendment he recog-
nizes the existence of an indebtedness on our part
towards Mr. Stevens of which we know nothing;
we have no evidence of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not recognize any such
thing.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. Let it be read again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I recognize this fact, which
is urged here and has not been disputed, that Mr.
Stevens has advanced some money on this vessel.
Mr. GRIMES. We have no evidence of that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will say to the gentle-
man from Iowa, that if it were a legal question,
a question of law—I know the Senator fiom Iowa
is a fine lawyer 
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. McDOUGALL. A better lawyer than he
is master of mechanics. [Laughter.] I would
undertake to demonstrate to him that, as a legal
question, by the law of contracts, considering the
Government bound by that law, this money is due
to Mr. Stevens. If we could possess ourselves
with the idea that the Government was an indi-
vidual, subject to the law of contracts, and obli-
gated as I may be, or any other person may be,
we should get to understand that there is a con-
tract outstanding against us, fulfilled entirely, I
think, on the part of the other contracting party,
and not fulfilled by the Govei nment. I respond
to the Senator from Iowa as to that point of ob-
servation simply. This contract has been con-
tinued down, and changes made by tbe Govern-
ment itself, or at least with its approbation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to correct him there? There has been no
change made with the consent of the Government
except as to the time of completion, not a parti-
cle. As to the amount to be paid, or the delivery,
or the manner, there has been no change.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator from
Maine inform mc,I beingignorant, whether when
a change was made as to the dimensions of the
vessel and her capacity from the first contract, it
was not made with the approval of the. Govern-
ment ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. And that very contract
says he is to deliver it for the sum originally
specified, $500,000.
Mr. McDOUGALL. And has not that con-
tinued down from time to time, without money
being paid according to the contiact?
M". FESSENDEN. He lias received every
dollai (if the whole $500,000, except what he him-
self agreed should not be paid unless thoGovcrn-
ment'were satisfied that it could not be completed
within the time limited; and thatnot being shown
to the Government, of course they did not pay
him the $8G,000 reseivcd. That is a part of his
own contract. It appears on the papers sent here.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The, Senator may have
more accurate knowledge on this subject, and un-
doubtedly has, than myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply take the facts
from the papeis sentheie, by the Secretary ot the
Navy in answer to my cull lor the contracts, pay-
ments, &c.
Mr. McDOUGALL I want to get at the ex-
act merit of this thing. I think it has merit in it.
I have thought, as 1 have been informed, that
these contracting parties were not in default; that
they have accommodated themselves to the. Gov-
ernment with inference to making improvements
and advancing a work that was an experiment,
understood to be such, to enibiaceall tbe advant-
ages that could be obtained.
Mi. FESSENDEN. 1 apprehend tho Senator
is mistaken about that. 1 have lead the coniract,
and all tbe papers, and the matter is perfectly
plain. He made one contract 111 1842 to build the
vessel within two years for a specified sum of
money.  
Mr. McDOUGALL. The appropriation for
that lapsed, 1 undeistand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; the^ papers show
that he has received that appropriation of §500,000.
Mi. McDOUGALL. Did not, the appropria-
tion of 1842 lapse?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the
question moie carefully. I understand that the
appropriation of 1842 lapsed and went into the
Treasury again, and that no money was paid
until 1852, ten years afterwards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Money was paid in 1845.
Mr. THOMSON. The first payment was in
1845.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Did not the first appro-
pi iation lepse ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it did it was reappro-
priated; but in regard to the contracts the Senator
is mistaken. Mr. Stevens made one contract m
1842 on a given basis, and before the two years
expired within which he was to build the vessel
for a certain sum, he made another contract m
1844. The terms of that contract were specific;
they extended the time for two years, but did not
vary the amount to be paid at all. lie was to
deliver it for the same amount; but it gave him
certain privileges in regard to it, that he might alter
it to suit himself. He was to act his own pleas-
ure about that, provided he did not make it any
