§348
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
July 15,
&e white man and not liberty for the black.
Now, again,in God's own tune and in a way that
man knows fiot of, America is in the agonies of
her second childbirth, praying to be delivered. In
so;me way no human being can foresee, this war
forced upon the country by the madness and fa-
naticism of the South, will, as all hearts believe,
never end until slavery ,is put in the process of
final extinction; until liberty for the blackmail,
the second offspring of America, shall be born.
This is the period of her second parturition, her
hour of pains and throes, of blood and agony and
tears. It is a time that demands of all her coun-
selors and advisers in this trying hour patience
and self-possession, coolness and courage, and,
above all, that steadiness of purpose and fixed-
ness of resolve which comcs only from abiding
faith in God, Sir, the child is there; it must be
born; its period of gestation is nearly over; the
labor painsof parturition have begun. Let there
be no fanatical excitement, no attempt to force
nat.ure before her time; let every nerve be steady;
let every soul possess itself in patience; gird up
every energy, and learn to labor and to wait.
Would that it were so. Some, in the excitement of
the hour, urge immediate delivery before its time.
With knife and bloody hand and one deep gash
they would perform a gigantic Cesarean opera-
tion, at the imminent danger of destroying both
the mother and her offspring. Others, with less
noisy zeal, but with cooler and clearer heads and
steadier nerves,and, in the same proportion, with
more fixed determination, say "take care of the
mother; save all her strength; wait upon and as-
sist naturein her labors; let 110 rashness or insane
folly destroy at the same blow both the mother
nnd the child; let us save them both; have faith
in God the Almighty; work with JIm> and not
against Him; let us not madly run before Ilim
and place ourselves in His way."
Sir, in religion and politics everywhere, and in
all tunes, there have been two tendencies to leave
the.path oftrue wisdom; one to push matters,oven
good things, before their time—to harvest the fruit
before itis ripened; the other to keen matters, even
good things, behind their time, to let the fruit be-
come rotten before it is gathered. One is fanati-
cism, the other fogyism. In my opinion, true
statesmanship consists neither m reaping what is
not ripe, nor in gathering what is rotten, but in
harvesting what is just ripening; in a word, in
pressing tho right th'ing at the right time and in
the right way, neither too soon noi* too late. If,
without irreverence, wo could imagine one of each
of these classes present on the evening of the first
day of the creation, tho funntic would begin in his
usual impatience to find fault with the slow move-
ments of the Almighty and say, "what can lie the
possible necessity or use in God's taking six days
to make the world. He is Almighty, and he can do
it Justus well in two days as in six. If he takes
six, I denounce hnn as a conservative.'' " But,"
says the fogy, " that is all wrong; behold what an
immense labor has been done already. I insist he
ought to rest, and have his Sabbath on tho second
day. He ought to rest every other day at least,
after such infinite labors." Tho third and truly
wise one says, "God is all wise, as well as all
powerful. Ho knows when to labor and to rest; I
bow to his will. I will seek to work as He works,
with Him and not against Hun."
Let me say to our friends he re, that the Almighty
is just as much working with us, and through us,
as he did in (lie days of the Revolution, or as he
has at any other period of our eventful history.
We are, under His providence, to work out our
high destiny;«a higher, better, and diviner state
of things for man than has ever before appeared
upon the earth. When men rise here and say
there has been 110 policy on the part of this Gov-
ernmeni, they do great injustice to the Govern-
ment, to us administration, and to the character
of the American people. No Government on the
face of the earth, in the same time and with the
same moans in their hands, have accomplished so
much. True, sir, I could wish they had accom-
plished more; 1 could wish, as I look back upon
the past, thai last December we had marched upon
Manassas and taken the rebel army there,'as I
think wo might; but because we have not done it,
■ because dou n at Richmond lately some say we
have met with a temporary repulse, am I to sit
dawn, as an American Senator, and say, " I am
ready to give up the ship; the Union is gone: Ihe
Constitution overthrown; the battle is over; we are
beaten on all sides?" No, sir; never. We have
but jdst begun to fight. I say to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
do not be discouraged, sir; the American people
are just bending themselves to this contest; they
will gather strength from reverses which, in war,
we must sometimes expect; they will fight it
through. Never you fear, sir.
Mr. President, I should not have been drawn
into these remarks, but that I thought, from the
tenor of the speech of the honorable Senator from
Indiana, and I attribute to him nothing but a pa-
trioticand earnest desire to press this war through,
that he thinks there is ho policy on the part of this
Government. Sir, he is altogether mistaken.
There is a policy, and there has been from the
beginning. One sentence expressed it all in the
inaugural address of the President. It has been
repeated in every paper, and every act of his, from
that time to this hour; and it is to maintain the
oath which he has taken before high Heaven to
support this Constitution, to maintain this Union,
to put down this rebellion, and to trample it, and
the men who have been the authois of it, and
everything which stands in his way, under the feet
of this Government.
I have often heard the question asked, why does
he not hang these traitors taken in arms? When
has there been one hour tliathe could do so ? Have
the rebels not had during the whole time almost
an equal number of our prisoners? If we should
hang one of their prisoners, would they not re-
taliate at once and hang two of ours, and would
we not be compelled, in retaliation, to double that
number and hang lour of theirs, and thus make
this civil war a war of barbarity at which human
nature would shudder? Whycomplain,then, that
he has not hung these traitors that have been
taken in anus? Sir, wait until we crush this re-
bellion; wait until wo recapture our prisoners, as
we shall; wait until we shall have subjected this
country to its rightful supremacy by the arms of
this Republic; and then I have no doubt he will
go as far as justice requires in taking the leaders
of this rebellion, the Oavises and Tombses and
Yanceys, bring them into court, and make them
feel the power and the majesty of the law of the
Pnited States executed upon traitors.
But, Mr. President, I will forbear making any
further remailc, I only desired to say this by way
ol'encouragement lo those ol our triends who seem
to be so desponding on this subject of the policy
or the want of policy of the Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope, sir,
we shall endeavor now to get a vote on this ques-
tion. We have had it under consideration for five
days. I assure my friend from Wisconsin that I
have not lost heart in the support of the country;
but I am gelling almost discouiuged abuutgetting
this bill thiougli. [Laughter.] I hope, therefore,
the Senators will vote upou it.
Mr. POWELL. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to assign to the Senate, very briefly, the rea-
sons why I shall vote against the bill, it was not
my purpose to discuss this bill at all; but after
the speeches that have been made, I feel it incum-
bent on me to put on the record the reasons why
I shall vote against this bill; and, in passing, I
shall notice very briefly some of the points made
by Senators who have discussed it.
That portion of the bill that does not relate to
the arming of slaves I shall not notice. It is to
that point that I wish to direct very briefly the
remarks that I shall make. After the very elab-
orate and exeellentspeech of my colleague on this
subject—and I heartily and fully concurred with
him in everything he uttered touching the arming
of slaves—I did not think it was necessary for a
Kentucky Senator to be,heard further. .
Mr. President, I am as confident as that I live
and speak to the Senate of the United States to-
day that the policy of arming slaves, which has
been adopted in one bill that has passed both
Houses of Congress, and is proposed in the bill
now under consideration, is the most disastrous
measure for the integrity of this Union that has
been or can be before this Congress. In my judg-
ment, there is no valid reason why any man, who
desired the Union reconstructed and maintained
as iL was, or the Constitution maintained as it is,
should advocate the policy of putting arms in the
hands of slaves. Itis shocking to every sense of
humanity, to every impulse of Christianity, and
to every noble feeling that should animate man-
hood in a civilized and Christian land'. The result
will be to turn these people loose to indiscrimi-
nately cut the throats of the women and children
of the country, and to burn their houses over them
in the nighttime. I know well the nature of these
negroes, half civilized as they are. I know their
bruta{ ferocities. Those who advocate this doc-
trine may think they can regulate and restrain
them; but whenever they get these people in mo-
tion, they will find that the torch of the incendiary,
the assassin's dagger, the violation of female chas-
tity and the putting of the innocent women and
children of the South to death by the most cruel
tortures will follow. That has been the result in
other countries where these people have had arms
in their han.ds. You may think you are adding
largely to your armies by that mode; but allow
me to tell you, where you can put one gun in the
hands of a citizen to overthrow this rebellion by
that policy, in my judgment it will causg hundreds
to take arms against the Government who other-
wise would be loyal; in my judgment it will cause
many of your bravest and nest soldiers to resign
their places in the Army, and perhaps turn their
arms against the Government, which they now
serve with loyal and patriotic zeal.
The Senator from Indiana, a moment ago, passed
a most glowing eulogy on judge Douglas. I do
not object to that eulogy. He pronounced him
perhaps the greatest and ablest expounder of the
Constitution. I would to God that the Senator
from Indiana, for whom personally I entertain
tho kindest regard, had been animated by the no-
ble, the lofty, the pure, the constitutional, the
broad, philanthropic, and Christian feelings that
animated the dead Senator when he occupied a
seat on this floor. In perhaps the lust speech that
he ever made—the speech delivered when he was
welcomed to his home in Chicago, he uttered
those words, contemplating and having in view
the very state of things by which we are now
surrounded. He said:
" We nuisi not invade constitutional rights; the innocent
must not suffer; nor women and children be tlie victims;
savages- must not be let loose."
He was then referring to this war, the speech
was upon the war, speaking of this very negro
question; and that last clause, "savages must not
be let loose," alluded to them. And yet his dis-
ciple is here to-day advocating the arming of the
negroes, turning the savages loose, which his
great master forbade by that sound and humane
teaching. Sir, if the dead Douglas were living,
his noble heart never would be animated by any
such unchristian, inhuman, and brutal impulse as
to cause him to advocate the arming of slaves.
He was opposed to turning the savages loose. I
would to God that he were here in his seat to-day.
I feel that his potent eloquence and his mighty
genius would have been aroused at the monstrous
heresies of his pretended followers. He would
boldly speak in defense not only of the Constitu-
tion of his country, but of the innocent, the women,
and the children. He was utterly opposed to
turning the savages loose. That is his record;
and in that he but maintained the noble manhood
that animated his life.
There was one sentence which fell from the Sen-
ator from Missouri to which I demur; and that
was when he alluded to the order of General Hal-
leclc, in Missouri, by which he seized the prop-
erty of citizens who were supposed to be disloyal
there, and, through a military commission, had it
sold and devoted to charities. The Senator says
that the order of General Halleck was sustained
by international law. Allow me to tell the Sen-
ator.that a grosser infraction of international law
and the Constitution of this country and the rights
of a citizen as guarantied by the Constitution and
laws of the land, was never perpetrated.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to correct the
Senator. I had no reference at that particular
time to the order of General Halleck.
Mr. POWELL. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I thought he alluded to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. The order of General
Halleck was not for the support of the army, but
it was merely to levy contributions on the seces-
sionists in the city of St. Louis, to support cer-
tain Union families that had been driven out of
southwestern Missouri. They did not pretend
to be in the army, nor did they join the army;
indeed most of them were women and children.
