2388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
ted States puts conditions on his patriotism, stops
to intimate a certain line of policy in reference to
arming the slaves of this country, and demand-
ing its adoption befoie he will send troops, th'en
I will stand upon an equality with him; but until
then, I am more than his peer upon this sub-
ject.
Mr. DAWES. What do you say to Kentucky?
Mr. VOORHEES. I say that Kentucky is
noble—noble all over.
Mr. DAWES. Did not the Governor of Ken-
tucky absolutely refuse to respond to the call of
the President for volunteers?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh, let Kentucky alone.
Give her a fair chance. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Did not the Democratic Gov-
ernor of Kentucky absolutely refuse to respond
to the call of the President for volunteers?
Mr.VOORHEES. If he did, it was a very bad
example for Massachusetts to follow, as she has
. done.
Mr. DAWES again rose.
Mr. VOORHEES. I decline to yield absolute-
ly and peremptorily. Thegenileman himself de-
clined to yield to me. The Governor of Massa-
chusetts borrows darkness even in contrast with
the Governor of Kentucky. The Governor of
Kentucky put no infamous conditions upon his
refusal. The conditions were infamous in the
case of the Governor of the State from which the
gentleman comes. Enough upon that point.
I have remarked that I had authority for the
statements which I made upon this floor on the
subject of the public expenditures. Let us see
whether I have any authority or not. I believe
that on the 13th of January last the gentleman
from Massachusetts was a member of this House;
atleast a man of the name of Dawes spoke lieie
at that time, and his speech is here reported. He
has told us to-day that the public expenditures
are less than a million of dollars per day. Here is
what the gentleman said on the 13th of January
last, at a time when our armies were not in mo-
tion; at a time when the great anaconda was re-
posing on the banks of the Potomac here; when
the gieat army of the West was not m full mo-
tion; when our military movements were confined
to little inroads upon the seaboard—at that time,
he used the following language:
"Mr. Speaker, it takes $3,000,000 every day to support
the Army in the field."
That is what he said then. What does he say
to-day? He says that it only costs §998,000 a day
for both Army and Navy. That was what he
said then, and nobody cried out treason. There
were no telegraphs subsidized and brought into
the service of the Government to contradict the
gentleman's statement. Nothing of that kind was
done. It came from a privileged class upon this
floor. It came from a privileged party, I sup-
pose, before the countiy—not privileged from
mo; neither will it be ptmleged from the con-
demnation that will be meted out to it by the loyal
and honest voters of this land, when their fraud- 1
ulcnt practices are brought to the light of day.
That is the authority with which I start. Was
the gentleman true then, or is he true to-day?
Have we fewer troops in the field now than we ,
had then? Does it cost less now to support our i
armies in the field than it did then? The gentle- ;
man said nothing of the Navy then. lie said that !
it cost $2,000,000 per day to support the Army '
alone in the field. And 1 am to be lectured by [
him, am I, for making misstatements upon this i
floor—by a man who stands before the country j
proven to have made erroneous statements, first j
in one way, and then in the other? No, sir. I i
recognize the right of no man with such a record I
to lecture me upon my figures. !
Again, what said the patiiotic gentleman from |
Massachusetts? Speaking in January last, lie;
said : "Sixty days of the present state of things j
will bring about a consummation." I desire to
show what that consummation was. Let us fol-
ow him a little farther? He said that it would i
be impossible for the Treasury of the United
States to meet such a state of things as then ex-
isted for sixty days longer. Where is there such
wl. ^ as my speech of the 21st;
Where is there such a statement-a predtction
that at the end of sixty days nun and bankruptcy !
will be upon the land? Lean back in your chairs
and take refuge m your prejudices, but these are :
facts which cannot be gainsayed and denied. You '
arraigned this Administration five-fold more than
I did. But it seems that another course of policy
is to be adopted now. Why was the gentleman
from Massachusetts hurled into this debate? Why
was he singled out to make this attack? Where
was your veteran chief, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the finance minister
of this Government, the originator of money bills
by all the laws and usages of parliamentary
bodies? Where was he that he did not come for-
ward to make this statement upon the floor of the
House? His official lelations bring him directly
in contact with theTreasury of the Government.
He is bound to know its condition, as he origin-
ates our revenue measures. He is the man of
authority upon this floor. What lias he said?
I will tell you why he comes not forward here.
I will tell you why it is that the impetuous gentle-
man from Massachusetts dashes in. He thinks to
make some atonement for the deep wounds which
he has inflicted on his own paity during tins win-
ter. I have heard him talk about horse contracts
being parceled out to heal up old political wounds.
I think some political feuds are sought to be healed
here to-day, that the gentleman seeks to make his
calling and election sure, and receive pardon and
grace at the hands of the leaders of the Repub-
lican party. It needs no gift of piophecy, no
divining rod, to tell the political relations which
have existed during this session between'the dis-
tinguished gentleman and others equally distin-
guished upon the other side of this House. We
have witnessed some of their quarrels, some of
their family feuds. We have seen them fight and
wrangle over the bones of public plunder. We
have seen them gnash their teeth over the crumbs
—ay, and not only crumbs, but whole loaves—
which have fallen from the public table of this
land. We have seen all that, and I suppose this
is one stop towards reconciliation, towaids the
healing up of the wounds you have inflicted on
each other, that you may go once more befoie the
country as the pure, the united, the immaculate
party of the nation.
Now, sir, was I warranted in my statements
upon this floor the other (lay? If I was not, I
ought to be condemned m the mind of every fair
man in this House; I ought to be condemned
before the countiy; but if I was, what will be
thought of this effoi t to disparage my statements,
and make me a scapegoat of the facts? I have
witnessed with amusement the ardor with which
newspaper correspondents have rushed into print
in the New York press to state that the expend-
itures were only $1,000,000 a day, and that my
statement was an astounding one, and far above
the figures. Oh, yes; it was very astounding in-
deed, coming from me. The telegraph hurried it
off, in a semi-official form, that there should be a
refutation of these exaggerated figures, as they
were styjed. Oh, that I belonged to that party
which raises such a shield over its men 1 Oh, that
I had a position like the distinguished gentleman
Irom Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means ! Here is what he says
on this subject: "They are now"—speaking of
the expenditures—"and have been for some time
past, over three millions of dollais a day." And
the gentleman from Massachusetts, with that
exalted sense of fairness which has frequently
charaeteiized his efforts on this floor, said that 1
had seized an assemon made by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means that
$3,000,000 was the sum of expenses on a patric-
idal" day. Was that fair? The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is too bold and too
determined a man in his statements to quiver on
his figures, as the gentleman from Massachusetts |
quiveied for him. He said nothing of its belong- I
ing to one particular day; and thegenileman from
Massachusetts knew he did not; knew it well.
They aie now, and have been for some time
, past, over three millions of dollars per day." This
was on the 8th of April. So I stated it just ex-
I actly as the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means did—your minister of finance
! Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
i me a moment ?
i M/' y°9R?EES. Yes, I will.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not complain of the gen-
tleman quoting me m that way. He quotes me
right. At that time, as I said before, that large
flotilla, with one hundred and fifty vessels, was
moving on. That was the amount of the expendi-
tures then. I did not make the statement without
authority. I have not complained of the gontie-
man.
Mr.VOORHEES. Isupposenot. From what
little intercourse I have had with the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and from a
tolerably close observation of him on this floor, he
is not like some men, disposed to run under cover
as soon as his position is attacked. He is not like
thegentleman from Massachusetts, stating in Jan-
uary that we were expending $2,000,000 a day,
and now stating theexpense at less than $1,000,000.
I leave it to every intelligent mind in the country to
say whether to-day the expenses must not, of ne-
cessity, be greater than they were then. Look at
the long lines of transportation. Look where your
armies and your flotilla are. They are more ex-
pensive to-day than they were then. These are
the figures on which I made my statement. I said,
with the authority of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means backing me, that the
Government expenditures were over three millions
ofdollars a day. I drew from that, that the annual
expenses at that rate would be $1,1)95,000,000 a
year. Was that right or wrong? Did I make a
statement which justified thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in supposing that I certainly did not
want this Government to get along well, because
I was telling the ti uth, just as the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means did, and just as
the gentleman from Massachusetts did in January
last, and, if he take no offense at it, I will say, just
as he did not do to-day r
But let us go a little further. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means used also this
language:
" J suppose our debt on the 1st day of July next [only
about thirty days Irom this tune] will not be less than
$800,000,000."
The gentleman from Massachusetts tries to
make it appear that our debt is only a little over
four hundred millions ofdollars. Which is right
on that side of the Chamber? The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and A-leans, who knows,
or this volunteer aid to the sinkmgfortunes of the
Republican party on this floor? 1 wish to deal in
no unfairness. If 1 do not find Republican au-
thority for every word I said on these figures, I
will agree to go out of court without day.
Now, on this subject of Republican authority
tor what I have said. With what cool but earn-
est zeal the gentleman from Vermont [Air. Mor-
rill] rose the other day, with a kind of paternal,
ex cathedra air, as much as to say, it is all well
enough for that young gentleman over yonder to
talk; but just listen to me, while I state the figures,
and you will know how it is!"
Well, let us see what he has said on the same
subject. Pie states on the 12th of March,-that,
witii our present debt, the amount which we have
authorized to be issued, will reach the sum of
$950,000,000. Whether that has been all issued
or not, I will not stop to say. I have but taken
the figuies which you, gentlemen, have yourselves
furnished, and have made legitimate use of them,
and nothing more. In February last, followinga
few days after the gentleman from Massachusetts
had said that our expenses were $2,000,000 a day,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
made the samestatement. Pie stated, in February,
that the expenditures were $2,000,000 a day, and
he followed that with the statement in April, which
I have quoted, that they wore, and had been for
some time past, over $3,000,000. Take these
things together—do you suppose, does any plain,
sensible, honest man suppose that the expendi-
tures have run down to $1,000,000? What are
we to diaw from this state of things? Are you
alarmed with your handiwork before the country?
Are you hedging, now that the public attention
has been directed to it1. Is that the conclusion we
are to draw? Are we to conclude that, after you
have sunk the nation to the bottom of the well
of indebtedness, you are alarmed, and propose to
send before the country a false statement of facts,
to delude the poople to their ruin a little longer?
1 confess I can conclude but little eise.
But we arc to stand in reverential awe, I sup-
pose, of figuies made by the distinguished Secte-
tary of the Treasury. Are we? Let us see. The
gentleman from Massachusetts comes here to speak
by authority from that Department. He assumes
to do it. Now, I call attention to what was said
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Spauld-.
