1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2389
ing,] in a speech made on this floor on the 28th of
January:
<£ I may here be permitted to say, in explanation of some
of the otimates which I shall introduce presentlv. differing
as they do 1'jom the estimates of the Socictary of the Treas-
ury in his annual leport, that since his annual report he has
changed his own views as to what the expenses of the war
will be up to July next, and what they will also be up to
July, 1863, and that he substantially agrees with me now
as to what those expenses will be."
Now, I caff the attention of the House to the
fact that the Secretary of the Treasury, through
the gentleman from New York, admits that he has
been wrong once, and let us see to what extent
he has been wrong. I again quote the gentleman
from New York. After submitting his estimate,
making the public debt, up to July, 1863, reach
$1,200,000,000, he says:
"This estimate exceeds that of the Secretary of the
Treasmy, in ins annual report, $300,000,000."
Had I, Mr. Chairman, made such a mistake as
that, had I made a slip of $300,000,000 in my fig-
ures, what would have become of me? What
would have become of any proscribed, ostracised
gentleman on this side of the House who had
made such a mistake? There would have been a
fierce outcry raised against him.
Mr. DAWES. Those figures are not mine.
Mr. VOORHEES. No, sir; they are not ac-
cording to you. They are according to your senior
in rank, your senior in position. Even take the
gentleman's own figures, however, and he cannot
get much under mine. But taking the figures of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
an abler and an older soldier, and I am right, and
the gentleman from Massachusetts is wrong. The
Secretary of the Treasury, however, is brought
in here to bolster up the gentleman's statement.
Sir, I wish that distinguished official entire suc-
cess in sustaining the credit of the country. Be-
fore God and my country, my heart bears me wit-
ness that I wish him entire success in the finan-
cial administration of tlie Government. And so
with every other Department. I wish them till
honor and glory, prosperity and perfect success.
But is a man to be arraigned here, is he to be
hunted down for failing to place enure and abso-
lute confidence in the estimates of a Secretary of
the Treasury, whose estimates are shown by the
gentleman from New Yoik,and<\dmitted by him-
self, to contain an error of $300,000,000 in the
brief space of three or four months?
Ay, this is an age of mistakes, is if5 I have
been making them all, have t ? Not quite. I pre-
sume the gentleman from Massachusetts had ac-
cess to the Globe. I presume he had access to the
Finance Report. 1 presume he had the opportu-
nity of ascertaining whether he was dealing fairly
to-day with a member of this House who never,
since he has been a member here, has treated him
otherwise than with fdirnessand couitesy. I sup-
pose he had an opportunity of knowing, and if he
had not he ou^ht not to have spoken, that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means was
my authority for the estimate 1 made as to the ex-
penses of this Government. I suppose the gentle-
man knows thathe himselfstated thattheexpenscs
of the Army alone were not loss than $2,000,000
per day. I presume he knew also that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had acknowledged to having
made a mistake in his estimates of hundreds of
millions of dollars, arid is he the party whose state-
ments now must, in no event, be presumed to
admit of question?
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has seen fit to make his remarks refer specially
to Indiana, and I have no doubt his speech will
be widely circulated among the people of Indiana
by my Republican colleagues. Sir, 1 am ready
to go before that people. The gentleman has
seemed anxious to arraign me before my constit-
uents. Sir, I know my people well. I know them
to be brave, gallant, and loyal. They arc away
off from the gentleman's region of country. They
Jive in a State no Governor of which would dare
to put clogs or conditions upon his loyalty to this
Government, and if he did they would hurl him
from power and drive him from their borders. I
was born and reared amidst that people. I want no
man to speak to me for them. They have trusted
me as their Representative once, and whether they
will trust me again is a question between them and
myself, and is not a question for the gentleman from
Massachusetts nor anybody else to determine.
But again: let us see what the Secretary of the
Treasury has said. Figures and facts cannot be
put down, and made to suit the purposes of any
member. I do not complain of gentlemen for dif-
fering from me. But, sir, they have no right to
arraign us who differ from them politically. We
stand hereupon our rights, let them stand on theirs.
I find that in the Finance Report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, made at the opening of the pres-
ent session of Congress, he admits a mistake in
his estimate of the. receipts to accrue to the Treas-
ury from duties on imports of some twenty-five
millions of dollars. Yet his estimate was made
after the war had broken out, after the southern
ports had been closed, and there was no excuse
for this enormous blunder. But in the face of
these stupendous errors of the Secretary of the
Treasury himself, and in the face of the authority
I have presented from the chairman of the Com-
mittee ofWays and Means,and even from the
gentleman himself, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts arraigns my speech of last week as filled
with the grossest errors !
The gentleman from Massachusetts in the
strongest terms censures me for an attempt to mag-
nify the financial embarrassments of the Govern-
ment, and with an effort to breakdown the credit
of the Government by that means, and he comes
here to-day to place a' cheerful aspect upon the
condition of the Treasury in the face of his own
solemn declaration here upon record that the Gov-
ernment could not go on for sixty days as it was
going on without inevitable bankruptcy and ruin.
He stands recorded here with the solemn declara-
tion that the Republican party now in power has
stolen more money in one year than the entire
current yearly expenses during the last Adminis-
tration, for many of whose acts I have no defense
to make.
The gentleman talks to mc about Democrats
plundering the Government, and s^ys that for
every dollar plundered by a Republican he will
bring a corresponding dollar plundered by a
Democrat. Let mc piemisc by saying that by
whatever name a plunderer may be known, I
stand not here to defend him. I denounce here,
and everywhere, plunderers who prey upon the
hard earnings of the people whom I represent.
I would prosecute them in the courts, 1 would
punish them with.all the severity known to the
law. John B. Floyd was indicted here in this
city during Mr. Buchanan's administration. But
was Simon Cameron indicted? The gentleman
from Massachusetts has no word to say in re-
spect to that, lie denounces him, it is true,
and declares his intention to stand by the resolu-
tion passed by this House ccnsunna; him; and
yet with a refreshing impudence, the like of which
I do not remember to have witnessed on any
other occasion, he announces that the Demo-
cratic party made itself responsible for and a
party to the frauds committed in the closing hours
of Mr. Buchanan's administration; but that the
Republican party by the resolution passed in this
House, had washed, cleansed, and purified them-
selves from all responsibility for, or connection
with, the acts of Simon Cameron.
Why, sir, to commence with, a large majority
of the Republican party voted not to censure Si-
mon Cameron. Did you wash your hands of him
in that way ? But for the help you got from this
side of the House, but for the vote of the Demo-
cratic members, under the lead of my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Holmav,] you would have passed
no vote of censure upon Simon Cameron at all.
The resolution was not the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, but the resolution of
the gentleman from Indiana, and was passed by
the assistance of the Democrats who rallied to his
support.
But, sir, in this connection there comes a wit-
ness who will for a long time occupy a prominent
place in the pages of coming history. The Pres-
ident of the United States walks into this House
and assumes Simon Cameron's acts as his own,
appropriates him to himself, takes on him all the
sins that the late Secretary of War has committed,
takes the little good he has accomplished with the
great amoutft of evil, and with his one virtue, per-
haps, linked to a thousand crimes, embraces him
with Executive affection. He takes him as his
own, and they go down to history together. Yet
the gentleman from Massachusetts hasnowoid
of denunciation for the President of the United
States. He dare not say that his soul is his own
in the presence of the Executive. He will.not
say that the Executive was responsible for the acts
for which this House censured Simon Cameron—
that his name ought to have been included in th^t *
resolution. I have the right to say that he would not
call in question the acts of the President, for. which
he censures the late Secretary of War, for he has
had a chance, and has not done it. With )ji6
sense of fairness he comes here, and again de-
nounces Simon Cameron, but ignores the presence
of Mr. Lincoln, who stands here ready to take
from the shoulders of Simon Cameron all his sins
and all his burdens. Now, the President may be
in the right, and we in the wrong, in reference to
Cameron's conduct. 1 would be glad to know that
all this fuss and fury,all this smoke and fire, which
has fulminated during this session from the heated
brain of the gentleman from Massschuseits was
against an innocent man. 1 shall be glad to know
that Cameron is not the bad man he has been re-
puted to be on both sides of this Chamber. But
he cannot now come to me and say that I have
done him wrong, when I have such authority as I
have given for what I have said.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. VOORHEES. I must decline. I am not
going over any further the names of those men
who have been pilloried forever in the public
shame. I shall not now talk about John C. Fre-
mont. Who is Joseph Holt? Who is Judge
Davis? Who is Hugh Campbell ? They are good
and true men. It is my pleasure to know one of
them, and to know him well. He is a man whose
word is as good as a bond. In this conncction 1
refer to them as an answer to that part of the gen-
tleman's speech in which he said that General
McKinstry was responsible for the frauds in St.
Louis, and that he was a Democrat. What says
Judge Holt; what says Judge Davis; and what
•says Hugh Campbell in relation to that question?
Speaking of General Fremont, the following is the
language used in their crushing report:
" The mo^t stupendous contracts, involving an almost tin-
pi eccdcnted waste of the public money, were given out by
him in peiion to favorites, over the heads of the honest and
competent oHiceis appointed by law."
That is what that distinguishedcommissionsaid
of John Charles Fremont.
Mr. SHANKS. Let me say a word.
Mr. VOORHEES. My colleague knows that
1 would yield to him, but as I have declined to
yield to others, I cannot make the discrimination.
1 shall close directly.
Mr. Chairman, 1 hope that it has not come to
this, that a man is enshrined so securely as an idol
in the heaits of a party that no criticism can be
made upon his public conduct without some zeal-
ous knight rushing from his side, with his lance
in rest, and charging upon the assailant. Why
am I singled out for attack? Why not attack these
commissioners? They are my authority. They
speak, and not I. I shall adopt the practice of
some of our western ministers, who, when deal-
ing with an incorrigible sinner and applying to
him some salty text from St. Paul, which insures
his eternal condemnation, tell him at the same
time to quarrel with Paul if he docs not like the
authority, but not to quarrel with them for simply
quoting it. So i say to the gentlemen on the other
side, do not quarrel with me, but quarrel with the
authorities to which I have referred^ When they
have done that, I will begin to think that^ they
have some little sense of fairness. There is not
a deduction I have drawn in the remarks I have
submitted to this House but what was borne out,
amply borne out, by authority from the other side
of the House. If they are false, they perpetrated
the falsehood, and not me. On the contrary, 1 be-
lieve them to be true. I know these men, and I
know they are not to begainsayed.
Ao-ain: the gentleman says that I have assailed
-the ffavy Department. Have I got up and de-
nounced the Navy Department as a distinguished
Republican Senator did in the Senate Chamber?
He has been eighteen years a Senator, and that,
I suppose, makes the difference. Speaking of the
coiruptions m that Department, he said that the
liberties of the nation were in more danger from
the profligacy and corruption practiced in the va-
rious Departments of the Government than from
our armed enemies in the field. That is what a
Republican Senator said, and because I repeat it
upon this floor am I to sit calmly under a patron- «
