1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
smaller than lie had agreed; lie might make it as
much larger as he pleased, but it was all to be
done for the same amount of money, within two
years more. He has received the whole amount
of money appropriated.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask whether
in chan?ing the machinery from about six 01-eight
hundred tonight thousand horse power, there was
110 provision'niade for additional payment by the
Government oil account of that extraordinary
change ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not the slightest. He
was to do as he pleased about it; it was at his own
option to do as he liked in regard to all those mat-
ters.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I am more strongly
convinced than ever that lie is entitled to be re-
imbursed what he has expended in view of the
great increase of expense incurred by the changes
of the original plan.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be so; but he lias
not performed Ins conduct Willi the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the amendment to the amendment, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary commenced to call the roll, and
Mr. A nth on-v lesponded
Mr SHERMAN. Perhaps I can make this
provision satisfactory to the whole Senate, if they
will allow me a minute to modify it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call will
be suspended for that pmposc.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declined the motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I addressed the Chair
before the lesult of the vote was announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Chair
will regaid the motion as not havin  been put.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall call for a division
on the motion if it he insisted upon, unless we
finish this bill to-niglit.
Mr. SUMNER. " I hope we shall be able to
finish this bill to-ni^ht.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall object to the mo-
tion unless we dispose of this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend that
it can be reconsidei ed betoie we adjourn if we do
not tyush the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ Thatqucstion
is not now befoie the Senate. The motion could
only be entertained by common consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I addiessed the Chair be-
foie the announcement of the vote on the motion
to adioui 11 over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairdoes
not entertain the motion.
Mi. HALE. Til.' Chair did enteitain it, put !
the question, called for the affirmative and for the
negative, and announced the decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair fur-
ther announced, on being notified that a division
had been called for, that "the question was still be-
fore the Senate. It was leading to debate, to dis-
order, to the displacement of the proper business
befoie the Senate, and the Chaii declined to enter-
tain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have modified the phrase-
ology of my amendment so as to avoid the objec-
tions to it. Tl now reads:
Prill iilcil, That in the contiact for tlie completion ofsaid
vei-el it shrill he stipulated that 110 part ot the money
claimed In Edwin A. Steven- to have been lietetofore ex-
pended tiv him upon Mild ve-scl ,-liait he refunded until the
amount <>t -awKlium -hall he e-tabhshed to the satisfaction
ot the fsmcuiyol the Navj ; and the payment ol said sum
shall he contulscnt upon the -access ot s.ud \essel as an
nnu el.ni -ea iroinix win steaiaei. to he deteianned by Ihe
Piesident; and such comiact -hall -tipulate the time with-
in which tile vcf-sel shall be completed.
This requires the account to be submitted to the
proper accounting officer.
Mr. GRIMES. The question of her sea-going
capacities is to be determuied by the President.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount to be paid is
to be determined by the Secretary ot the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. The President is not the man
to determine the question of tile sea-going ca-
pacities of this vessel. Why not leave it to the
Secretary of the Navy, who has around htm men
capable of judging such a question?
Air. SHERMAN. It will be substantially de-
termined by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. Then, why not put him in?
Mr. THOMSON. I prefer the President.
Mr. GRIMES. I have 110 doubt the Senator
from New Jersey prefers it to be left with the
President, but that is not where it belongs. I
do not want to have the President annoyed with
importunities 011 this subject, or to settle this ques-
tion of which he knows nothing, and of which he
cannot, be expected to know anything. I move
to modify it, if it is susceptible of further amend-
ment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not open
to further modification.
Mr. COLLAMER. I perceive there is no other
way foi us to get along on this subject than to
reject this amendment oT'the Senator from Ohio,
with a view of otfering another. 1 have 110 par-
ticularobjection toihisamendment. If theamend-
mcnl proposed by the committee is to pass, I
would rather it should pass with this amendment,
because it is better than nothing; but inasmuch
as I altogethei piefer the amendment which has
been presented for consideration by the Senator
from Maine, that all payments shall depend on
the acceptance of the vessel, and inasmuch as that
cannot be adopted if this one is, because tt will
be inconsistent with it, I shall vote against this
amendment with the view of voting for the other.
I wish to say further, that I shall vote against
this appiopriation in every shape, unless theie is
inserted in it before we gel through with it a pro-
\ ision that the money shall not be expended un-
less the Secretary of the Navy is of opinion that
we shall thereby obtain an effective steam battery.
If that is not inserted in some form, I shall vote
against any appropriation for this battery.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Sherman to the amend-
ment of the committee, resulted—yeas 24, nays
16; as follows:
YEAS—Mc-sIs AnIliciuv,B,ivaid,0.ulile,D,ivis, Dixon,
Foot, Il.ile, Il.-aii-. llemh'ison. Kennedy. Kins, hiuic ot
Kansas Lalhnn^McDmuriill, I'mvell, Snub-limy, riheunan.
Humnei, Ten Eu'k. Thomson, Tiuuibllll, Wade, Wilkin-
son,.uid VVilln—-J-t
\AYS—Mes-i-. Browning, Chandler, CI,nit, Cotliuner,
Dooluth'. I'V—enden, Clime-, Italian. Ilow.ud, Howe,
lame of Indiana, Mom!!, PumeiiH , Slaik. YV'ilmnt, Wil-
son ofMa-sachusetl-, Wil-on of Mi—nui 1, and VViight—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
'°The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee, as amended.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 now move to reduce the
amount from §783,294 to $554,858 13, the sum
specified in this report.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I consider that to bo entirely
inconsistent with the amendment we have just
adopted. We. propose that this sum of $950,000,
or whatever it is that has been expended by Mr.
Stevens, shall be held in abeyance, subject to the
final decision of the President. II he ^satisfied
that the vessi 1 is a failure, that money is irretriev-
ably lost.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to offer the amend
...ent to the amendir
to add as a pioviso:
PiOi-uJci! ncicithdt.rss That said money shall not be ex-
pended unh the Senctan of the Navy 1- ot opinion that
the ,-niue will secuie to the public seiviee aa efficient steam
batt'iy.
I ask for the yeas and nays on that.
The veas and nays weie ordered.
Ml. TEN EYCK. I hope the Senate will par-
don me a moment. It seems to me that that also
is directly inconsistent with the amendment as it
now stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It entirely destroys the
whole thing. I trust I may be permitted to say
that, if that amendment should be adopted, all the
work we have done will be of no avail, because I
am inclined 10 believe theio is opposition to this
whole thing in a certain quarter to which the
amendment is desiam d to refer it.
Mr. COLLAMElt. I do notentertain any par-
ticular hope about this amendment; but I wish to
have it clear 011 the record what gentleman are
willing to say that this experiment ot a steam bat-
ierv shall go on, whether the Department agrees
to it or not; that whether, in their opinion, it is
good for anything or not, we will make it abso-
lute on the Government, and we will run the risk.
I wish to know who will go for that.
Mr. DIXON. I shall vote against the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont, for
the reason that 1 do not wish to throw the respons-
ibility on the Secretary of the Navy. I do not
think it ought to be thrown upon liiin. I am will-
ing to take the responsibility, so farfc^ my vote
on this subject is concerned. I think this battery
ought to be completed; and I have no desire to
throw the responsibility on the Secretary of the
Navy, although I should have perfect confidence
in his judgment in regard to it.
Mr.'COLLAMER. One word in reply to the
Senator from Connecticut. He need not have said
that he would vote against this amendment. We
understood that before. We were perfectly aware
that he would not vote for it. According to his
doctrine, we will not permit the Secretary of the
Navy to judge in relation to the building of any-
thing; we will take it all on ourselves, so as to
throw no responsibitity on him.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I should
like to have had a Secretary of War who knew
something about squadrons in the field. I should
like to have had a Secretary of the Navy who un-
derstood something about the naval service. I am
compelled to say that I do not know that the Sec-
retary of the Navy knows anything more about
this subject than I do; and I am compelled to say
I am not sure that he knows anything more about
it than the Senator from Vermont. I think that
we may affirm something ourselves. Sir, I have
a vast disgust with the condition of things that has
grown up in our country; that we have a council
of eight instead of a President, a Senate, and a
House of Representatives, and that I am to be
learned 111 naval affairs by a person who never
knew the difference, possibly, between a square-
rigged ship and u sloop on the North river. I
think that we may be permitted here with our va-
rious counsels and our accumulated knowledge to
know something ourselves. I protest against sub-
mitting everything that comes into council to per-
sons whoare not experts or informed in their spe-
cialty, either in the War Department or the Navy
Department. Where is it in Europe, 01-where is
it i\i any civilized country known in history, that
a man at the head of the naval department knows
nothing of naval affairs, and a man at the head of
the military department knows nothing of mili-
tary affairs, and where the chief executive pre-
tends to no knowledge specially, and where_ he
cannot bring counsel about him informing him-
self. I am compelled to say that 1 must act upon
my own judgment; I cannot accept others.
Mr. DIXON. I beg leave to say one word in
reply to the Senator from Vermont. The Senator
said it was not necessary for me to say that I
should vote against this amendment, because it
was known beforehand. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. There was a strong presumption that
I should vote for it, because he offered it. I have
very seldom voted against any amendment which
he offered, or any proposition made by him in this
body; and therefore it was necessary, or at least
proper, for me to say that I should vote against
this.
Now, with regard to this amendment, I wish to
say one word. It is entirely inconsistent with the
amendmentofthc Senatoi from Ohio. Ifl under-
stand it, it leaves the matter, which has already
been left to the President, to the Secretary of the
Navy. I suggest that it seems to me that incon-
sistency, at least, ought to be provided against.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me it is time that this
Congress vindicated its right to some opinion in
regai d to their own action in reference to the war
in which we are engaged. I think, sir, if we had
exercised more judgment, and had infused into
the conduct of the Army something of the judg-
merit which we cntoitcuned on this subjcctj the
country would not have been any worse for it.
I have as great respect for the Secretary of the
Navy as any man ought to have. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I do not think it is necessary for
me to say any tiling to vindicate the Secretary from
the horse-laugh with which that remark has been
greeted. I say, I trust 1 have as high respectfor
him as any man ought to have, and that is as much
as any man ought to demand. But, sir, I do not
think I say anything inconsistent with high re-
spect for his character when I say that he himsell
has no more peculiar knowledge, no more peculiar
experience, to fit him to form a judicious opinion
on this subject than very many gentlemen on this
floor— the Senator from Vermont himself. I think
