THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May. 27,
izing lecture by this modern censor of men s con-
duct in tiiis House? The Naval Committee of
the Senate, embracing a majority of the political
friends of the party in power, arraigned the Sec-
retary of the Navy as guilty of robbing, m con-
nection with his brother-in-law, George D. Mor-
gan, the people of this country of some seventy
thousand dollars of their hard-earned money. I
want the gentleman to know upon whose author-
ity I have made these statements; and until begets
his friends to take back what they have said, he
may expect to hear these charges iterated and re-
iterated on this floor, not by the license or permit
of him or of any man, but by the free-born, inher-
ent right of free speech belonging to an American
citizen.
One word more. I am willing that the figures
that I have made, as to the annua! expenditure,
shall stand. If the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, or the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Spaulding,] or the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] or the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] are or have been
correct, I cannot be far wrong.
In regard to the increase of pensions, I omitted
to include the bounty. I may not have made
myself clear on that subject. A moment's figur-
ing will show that I am far under. That bounty
to our Aimy would to-day, if it was paid, cost
$70,000,000. Then comes the pension list. I am
willing, on the authority I have given, to let my
statements go before the country, and to let the
people judge whether I am right or wrong.
The gentleman arraigns my political course on
this floor—by what right I know not; I have never
arraigned his. The gentleman arraigns my course
in not voting for the tax bill. One word on that
subject. I looked on it as unjust, sectional, dis-
criminating, discriminating broadly, widely, and
deeply against the West and western interests. I,
looked on it as discriminating in favor of the
manufacturing interests of the country. I looked
on it chiefly in that light. I said so. 1 will never
vote for any tax bill which saves the manufactur-
ing interests from the payment of the taxes as-
sessed against them. You put three per cent, on
manufactured goods. You close your ports against
the trade of the world by the taiiff now in force.
You drive the farmers of the country, for the ben-
efit of the men whom you protect, to markets
which you close against competition, and force
them to pay exorbitant prices for the necessities
of Hfe.
By the present tax bill, the manufacturers will
be enabled to recover back on their sales to the
agriculturists all that is assessed against them.
The consumers will pay the amount you propose
to raise by the three per cent, ad valorem on man-
ufactured articles—on those fabrics which your
people manufacture and which my people do not.
1 know whereof I speak. This thing was tried
a long time ago, when there were great statesmen
on both sides who have now gone down to their
graves, and the judgment of the American people
was rendered on the subject of a high protective
tariff* Judgment was rendered against it, and
the country resorted to duty for revenue.
This tariff now appears under the name of the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] It is
eo far beyond what the old Whig party were in
favor of, that to-day, except those men who stand
around the manufacturing interests, I can find no-
body advocating its claims. Where do you find
a favor given to the Northwest or to the South-
west, so far as the jurisdiction of this Govern-
ment extends ? With our i ivers South blockaded
by reason of this war, with our trade North ob-
structed by the railroads charging sixty cents a
bushel for the transportation of com from the Wa-
bash river to New York, with corn selling from
seven to fifteen cents a bushel, poi kat$l 75ahun-
dred, with horses, a year ago worth $150,selling
for fifty dollars, I do not feel at liberty to add to
the burdens of my people by voting l'or the tax
bill, linked as it is with the Morrill tariff. I never
will stand here and vote for a financial policy to
increase the already gigantic gams of the manu-
facturers. Go to the statistics of the manufactures
of New England. There are manufacturers theie
that, a short time since, were paying nothing, but
are now piling up immense profits. There are man-
ufacturers there that were employing, perhaps,
# fifty hands a year ago, now three or five times that
number. You have the patronage of the whole Fed-
eral Government, and it flows in a steady stream
from this capital towards that region of country.
It has not come with its refreshing dews towards
the West, and yet you place upon our shoulders
burdens far more than equal to theirs. That is
where we of the West stand; and that is one of my
principal reasons for voting against this tax bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says 1
brought forward no measure of my own. 1 did,
and he voted against it. I brought forward a
measure to repeal this unjust and iniquitous tariff
law now bearing so heavily upon us. I brought
forward a resolution to instruct the committee to
do so. A motion was promptly made to lay it on
the table by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] and as promptly voted for by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. 1 wanted to re-
lieve the people from that inequality. I wanted
to go even fui ther than that. I wanted to increase
the revenue from imported goods. Our imports
from abroad have fallen off constantly since the
enactment of this tariff. 1 gave my figures. The
revenue of this Government derived from imports
fell off $10,000,000 in the first quarter after this
tariff became a law. Who is to make up that rev-
enue ? The western men who labor on our farms
have to make it up and put it back into thefountains
you have dried up by your sectioned legislation.
I sought to remove that shield to your interest,
that discrimination in your favor. I thought we
might have a revenue as we had had before, thereby
diminishing the necessity of direct taxes which
are coming like a mountain flood upon us. Gen-
tlemen may look at these things triflmgly, but I
tell you of the North and the East that they have
got to be met. The people of the West know
their interest, and they expect an equality in the
distribution of the burdens of this country. Make
an equal and a just tax bill, and I will vote for it;
but an unequal and an unjust one I will not vote
for; and the gentleman from Massachusetts, with
ail his insinuations,unjustand unfair innuendoes,
will never drive me to do it. He knows little of me
if he supposes I can be driven to violate my sense
of duty by the insinuation of disloyalty. That
charge I spurn with loathing. Itis under my feet;
I spit upon it, I despise it, and I despise the au-
thor of it,come from where he may. I was born
in this Government; I am of it, and expect to die
of it. I expect to die standing by its honor, its
truth, and its flag; and the man who impeaches
my motives upon this floor, who assails my love
of country, or my fidelity to the Union, is false
in his teeth, in his throat, and in his heart. It is
time that men should know that there are free
men in this country who mark out their own line
of duty, and follow it from motives as patriotic
as those of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I do not rise to address
myself to the main question which has enlisted
the interest of the committee, but to say a few
words in vindication of my own State, so unneces-
sarily brought into the discussion by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. The occasion of allud-
ing to my State on the present occasion was the
statement by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Voorhees,] of the fact that Governor Andrew of
Massachusetts, in response to a call upon him for
troops, had seen proper to stipulate with this
Government, or to intimate that he could not at all
events respond very cordially, unless this Govern-
ment would make some terms with him upon the
subject of the policy to be pursued hereafter in
the war.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield a mo-
ment ?
Mr. WADSWORTH. The gentleman will be
recognized when I have finished the few remarks
I intend to make.
Mr, DAWES. I did not know but you would
like to be corrected.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I will yield to the gen-
tleman's correction.
Mr. DAWES. I tried to correct the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,]butnothinghurts
his feelings so much as to be corrected. When
the gentleman from Indiana stated tkat Governor
Andrew had placed conditions uponliis response
to the call for troops, I desired to get up and say
that that was entirely a mistake, and I know the
gentleman from Kentucky does not want to do
any injustice. In a moment or two I will send to
the desk to be read what Governor Andrew said.
. Mr. WADSWORTH. I will incorporate it
into my remarks, that he may speak for himself
on the point. It is immaterial to me, with the
object 1 have in view, what Governor Andrew
may have said, or what conditions he may have
annexed to this call for volunteers. It gaveocca-
sion to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Pawes] to cite the example of Kentucky as a
justification or apology for the conductof the Ex-
ecutive of his State. Be that as it may, it seems
to me that you cannot justify the wrong of one
individual by the wrong of another. Let each
stand or fall on its own circumstances. I have
laid it down as a fixed rule of conduct for myself
that I would neverattack any State in this Union.
States and communities are sacred in my eyes,
and none has fallen so far but what it deserves
still my respect and myaffection; butif I was dis-
posed to single out any State for attack it would
not be the State ofMassachusetts. Her great and
invincible history would confound me at the
threshold; but my own heart, at the same time,
would accuse me of impiety and injustice if I
uttered one word against her.
But to prescribe conditions or exhibit reluc-
tance in answer to a call for volunteers at this
moment, bears no relation to the act of the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky when he refused to give vol-
unteers upon the call of the Executive. If Gov-
ernor Andrew, in the beginning, had seen proper
to prescribe conditions to entering into this war,
it would have been far less reprehensible than at
this moment of time. The commencement was
the time if he was to annex conditions at all.
That was the time to proclaim, trumpet-tongued,
that he wanted to revolutionize the Government
and erect a new owe upon the rums of States and
constitutions, or whether, through all the trials
and disasters of civil war that were to come, he
would fix his eye upon the Constitution as the
law to govern him, and make its preservation the
sole aim and object of his action.
Sir, good faith to all the people of the other
States required from the Governor of Massachu-
setts that then, upon the threshold of this civil
war, he should have announced to them the terms
upon which they were invited to the combat for
the preservation of this nation, and upon which
they might expect the alliance of his great State.
Had the Governor ofMassachusetts at that time
announced that he would avail himself of this
grand social and political uprising to crush the
fabric of our society for the sake of destroying
our obnoxious institutions, then neither the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, nor any other State
which entered into this war, could now have cause
to complain.
Nor do I now complain of the conductof Mas-
sachusetts. On the contrary, I am here this day
to return my thanks to the Commonwealth ofMas-
sachusetts for the noble stand she has made on
this floor for the Constitution when it has been
so virulently assailed. I am here to thank her
for services rendered, not only by brave soldiers
in the field, but for labors in the persons of her
sons upon this floor, who, as patriots and states-
men, reflect no shame on the best of those who in
the past have illustrated and adorned the bright-
est pages of her annals. But, sir, that was the
time, m the beginning, to prescribe conditions;
that was the time to pause; and the State of Ken-
tucky did pause. It was no new thing fora State
to hesitate at such a moment. Troops had been
refused to the national Government by Common-
wealths before that. Why, sir, in our second
war of independence, as it has been often called,
in the war of 1812, a war with a foieign Power,
Commonwealths that I revere and respect, and
always expect to revere and respect, refused to
respond to the call of the Government of the United
States for troops to vindicate free trade and sail-
ors' rights upon the ocean against our hereditary
enemy; not our true mother, but the cruel step-
mother, as.it were, that had sought to enslave us
in our infancy; that cold aristocracy that pursued
us then, in our earliest manhood, as it pursues us
in this hour of our deep affliction. The people of
the New England States were called on for volun-
teers, and I have here the response of a committee
of the House of Representatives of one of those
States, and the approval of that response by the
Legislature by the adoption of a resolution. I
will read it:
" But it must not be forgotten that the State of Connec-
ticut is a free, sovereign, and independent State—that the
