408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Ohm reported that tlie
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration House bill No. 908,
but more particularly the Union generally, and
had come to no resolution upon either. [Laugh-
.. ter.J
And tiion, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
(atfiveminutespaslfouvo'dock,p.m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 21, 18G2.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
_ Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of cit-
izens of the State of Michigan, accompanied by
maps, praying for the location of a naval depot
on Saginaw river, in that State; which was referred
to tiie Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the supervis-
ors of Siiginaw county, State of Michigan, pray-
ing for the location of a naval depot on Saginaw
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the county
officers of Saginaw county, Michigan, praying
for the location of a naval depot at some point on
the Saginawriver; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Michigan, praying for an appropriation for mili-
tary defenses of the coast on the south shore of
Lake Superior; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
W. C. Jewett, of Colorado, protesting against
any present congressional action upon the ques-
tion of slavery of a tendency to emancipate any
or the entiie portion thereof; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Chicago, Illinois, praying that homoeopathic
physiciansmay be appointed surgeonsin theAnny
and Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of officers and
soldiers of the fifty-first lcgiment of Illinois vol-
unteers, praying for the employment of homoeo-
pathic surgeons in the Army and Navy; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. WILMOT presented fifty-two memorials
signed by two thousand citizens of Philadelphia,
residing m the former district of Kensington, re-
monstiatmg against the abolishment of the Ken-
sington post office, or any legislation impairing its
uselulness; which were refened to the Committee
or. the Post Office and Post Roods.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Bucks county, Pennsylvania, praying for the total
abolition of slavery throughout thecountry; which
were ordered to~he on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the
May or and City Council of Sandusky, Ohio, pray-
ing for the establishment of a naval depot at Bull's
island, ill Sandusky bay; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr, IIO WARD presented the memorial of An-
g'lirpie I* razor, formerly widow of Hyacinth Rio-
pelle, praying for compensation for property de-
stroyed by the Indians in the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOSTER. I present certain resolutions,
in the nature of a memorial, of the Connecticut
Academy of Arts and Sciences, passed at their
meeting at New Haven, Connecticut, on the 15th
of January, urging upon Congress the propriety
of continuing the appropriation for the benefit of
the Coast Survey. The last resolution, which is
veiy short, I will, with the leave of the Senate,
read: '
Resolved, That we do most earnestly ami respectfullv
urge on the honorable Congress that the appropriation called
tor oy t lie report ot the Committee of Ways and Me*in<* for 1
the continuance of the United suites Coast Survey, be
conlinued ™ Se'VlCM °f ,his ^"^on be
As the matter is now under advisement by the
Committee on Finance, I ask the reference of the
memorial to that committee.
It was so referred.
THE NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. BROWNING submitted the following1 res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Ttiat the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
naturalization laws as to conlerthe rights of citizenship on
all unnaturalized foreigners who may serve in the Army
of the United States during the present rebellion 5 and tllat
they report by bill of otherwise.
BILLS INTRODUCED,-
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
165) in relation to a railway along Pennsylvania
avenue, and other avenues and streets in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia; "which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consfent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
166) regulating the compensation of district at-
torneys; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1G7) to authorize the examination of parties to
suits in the courts of the United States, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 36) limiting the compensation of collectors
of the customs, naval officers, and other officers
employed in the collection of the customs; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No . 238) to pay the expenses of the spe-
cial commission of the House of Representatives,
appointed July 8,1861, to ascertain and leport in
regard to contracts with any department of the
Government, for provisions, supplies,transporta-
tion, &c.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the "United States had approved and signed on
the l"th instant, a jointresolution (H. R. No. 25)
for the sale of the ruins of the Washington Infirm-
ary; and on the 18th instant, aii act'(H. R. No.
15;3) tor the relief of the owner of the British ship
Perthshire. 1
PRESENTS TO NAV4L OFJPICKKS.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 34) authorizing certain officers of the
Navy to accept presents offered by the Japanese
Government, have had the same under consider-
ation, and have directed me to report it back with
a recommendation that it pass; and, as it is entirely
111 conformity with precedents and is a very sim-
ple matter, I hope it may be acted on now.
Tlie VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator asks
the unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
this joint resolution at the present time. Is there
objection ?
Mr. HALE. Let it be read for information.
1 he Secretary rend the joint resolution, which
authorizes Captain W. W. McKean, commander
°t , 6 U"Ued Stat,es steamship Niagara, and such
of the officers of that vessei during the late voyage
to Japan, and other officers of the Navy as may
yet remain m the service of the United States, to
accept the presents recently transmitted to this
Government for piesentation to them by the Gov-
ernment of Japan.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to its' consideration ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; let it lie over.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask the Senator to with-
draw his objection.
_Mr. HALE. I will let it be considered, and I
will state my objection to it. I think it is very
loose, very indefinite 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, it is
not open to criticism of any kind.
Mr. HALE. I withdrew the objection, and
was making some remarks upon the consideration
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the joint res-
olution is before the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I suppose that the
provision prohibiting our officers to receive pres-
ents from foreign Governments was inserted in the
Constitution for some wise purpose, and that it
should not be departed from upon every sugges-
tion, withoutany reason. I called for the reading
of the resolution because I think it is exceedingly
broad. It does not even name the officers that are
to accept the presents, nor does it name the pres-
ents that are to be accepted; but it is a general re-
peal of that provision of the Constitution which
prohibits the officers of the United States from
accepting presents from foreign Governments.
Besides, sir, I think it of evil example to permit
officers of the Navy who arc brought into contact
with foreign emissaries, as these were, to have an
unlimited license to receive presents. I think that
this is one of those cases against which the pro-
vision of the Constitution was aimed. The Con-
gress of the United States should always, in every
instance, before they depart from such a provision
of the Constitution, know the officer to whom the
present is to be made, the present that is to be
made, and the consideration for which it is made,
in all of which this resolution is deficient. It
neither names the officers nor the present nor the
consideration; but by a wide-sweeping clause
repeals this provision of the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. J am glad the Senator has
made his objections, and so fully and precisely,
because if he will listen to me, I think he will ad-
mit that they will be answered.
The resolution is broad; it is not very precise j
but it is as precise as under the circumstances it
could be made. There are certain presents, not
amounting in their actual value, as I understand
by inquiry at the Department of State, to §100,
which have been received from the Japanese Gov-
ernment for certain Navy officeis. I found, too,
that it was impossible to ascertain the names of
all the officers m question. My attention having
been directed to that point, I next inquired whether-
the precedents would justify a resolution of this
character without naming all the officers. I find
that they do, that there are such precedents, at
least two that have passed this body.
Now as to whether the officers should be al-
lowed to accept the presents. I have said that they
arc trivial in value, and it is simply a matter of
sentiment and of regard for a friendly Government
which induces the Department of State to make
the recommendation that the officers should be
authorized to accept them. The whole matter is
of very slight importance, and, as I said, it is rather
a matter of sentiment than anything else. I hope
the resolution will be passed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment; and on the question, " Shall
the joint resolution be engrossed for a third read-
ing?" there were on a division—ayes 20, noes 3.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a quo-
rum voting, and the Chair believes that a quorum
is not, present.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order to make a mo-
tion to postpone that resolution until to-morrow,
and to coll the yeas and navs upon it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. GRIMES. Then, sir, I move that it be
postponed until to-morrow, and on that question
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the rule to
be that when there is no quorum, but one motion
can be entertained, and that is to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any motion which
shall test the question by yeas and nays, whether
there is a quorum, is in order.
Mr. KING. They might as well be called on
the question of engrossing the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Either question
will test the point.
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays on
oidering the joint resolution to be engrossed for
a third rending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa withdraw his motion?
Mr. GRIMES Yes, sir; I will withdraw it—
anything to get out of this difficulty.
The yeas and nays were ordered on ordering the
jointresolution to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Piesulent, this is a small mat-
ter, I know, a very small matter, but it is on small
