1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
matters that bad precedents begin and grow up,
That is, it used to be so; but we are beginning
pretty largely on bad precedents at the present
Congress. This is a joint resolution authorizing
Captain McKean, commander of the United States
steam frigate Niagara, " and such of theofficers of
that vessel during the late voyage to Japan, and
other officers of the Navy, as may remain in the
service of the United States," to receive presents.
1 cannot legislate or vote upon suggestions that
are made by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations which are not em-
bodied in the bill itself; the bill itself will make a
precedent; the explanations of the chairman will
only bo embalmed in the records of his literary
productions, and not in the legislation of the coun-
try; and therefore, sir, I cannot as a legislator vote
upon those explanations. I think this bill is a bad
precedent; and in the language of the law, " of evil
example to all others in like manner to offend."
I think that provision of the Constitution a wise
one, and 1 think a departure from it should be for
good reason, and ordinarily the reason is assigned
at the time of the allowance of the permission to
accept the present. The honorable Senator says
there are two precedents in the whole history of
the country to the contrary, and I judge that there
are but two.
Now, sir, if this provision of the Constitution
is wot th anything, if it is worth any regard at all,
I think it best to adheie to the established usage—
the usage which has in almost every case pre-
vailed ; and that is, to authorize an officer by name
to accept a present for such and such things that
he has done. The character of these presents is
not mentioned. They may be decorations of
honor; they may be insignia of some order of no-
bility established by the Japanese, and conferred
upon our officers. At any rate,sir, to my mind,
I have stated sufficient objections to induce me to
vote against the bill; and I have no disposition to
take up the time of the Senate.
The question bemg taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 14; as follows:
YE Messrs. Anthony, Ilrovvmng. Chandler, Clark,
riavi^, l)i\on, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Hams, Howe, La-
tham, Mori ill, Nesimtli, i'eaioe. t'omeioy, Kicc, Sherman,
Smnnei, Ten Evck, Wude, and Wilson—23.
NAYd-Me^rs. Bright, Carlile, Cowan, Fessenden,
Grimes, Hate, Harlan, Johnson, King, Lane of Indiana,
Powell, Saulsbury, Tiumbull, and Wilkinson—14.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and it was read the
third time, and passed.
SUPPRESSION 01' INSURRECTION.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill (S.
No. 33) to suppress insurrection and sedition, and
for other purposes, was taken up and recommit-
ted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ASSISTANT SECRETARIES OP WAR.
Mr. WADE. I will ask the Senate now to take
up the bill I laid on the table yesterday, with re-
gard to the appointment of two Assistant Secre-
taries of War.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that that bill was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and is now with them.
Mr. WILSON. Tho bill is in the hands of the
Committee on Military Affairs. I want to call
up a bill from the House of Representatives, to
which some amendments have been made, and
if Senators will allow me, I will move two other
amendments which it is important to have acted
on.
Mr. WADE. Of course I would agree to that;
but it will cause delay in the House of Representa-
tives, when I happen to know that it is of the very
first importance that the bill be passed, and passed
now. 1 have it from the Executive. They wan ted
it yesterday, and they more especially now want
it through the House of Representatives. If you
incumber it with other matters I am afraid it will
cause delay there. I hope it will pass without
being attached to any other measure. It any gen-
tleman wishes to amend it, I have no objection to
thTiie VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not be-
fore the Senate, and is with the committee.
Mr. WADE. I understand they have just re- j
poi ted it back. .
Mr. WILSON. No; but I can get it before
you, if you will let me take up the bill I desire to
call up. I desire to take up a bill from the House
of Representatives, concerning the defenses of
Washington, which will be amended so that no
one can oppose it, I think. I move to take up
House bill No. 165.
DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
165) making an appropriation for completing the
defenses of Washington, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Wilkinson, to
insert as a proviso:
Prodded, That no part of the sum hereby appropriated
shall be expended on any work hereafter to be performed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following additional sections:
Jlnd be it further enacted, Tlwt the fifth section of the act
of tho 28th of September, J830, providing for the discharge
fiom the service of Illinois enlisted without the consent of
their parents or guardians, be, and tile same hereby is, re
pealed: 1'roviie.d, That hcicnftcr no person under the age
of eighteen shall bo mustered into the United States scrviee,
and the oatli of enlistment taken by the recruit bhall be con-
clusive a3 to his age.
And ho it further cnacted, That no volunteers or militia
from any State shall he mustered into the service of the
United States on any terms or conditions confining their
seivice tu the limits of said State or vicinity; and if any
such volunteer* oi militia are in service contiaryto the
previsions of this act, the same shall be discharged.
It is very important to pass these propositions
at once, and I hope there will be no opposition to
them.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest to the Senator that
it would be better to strike out that part of his
amendment which says the oath of enlistment
shall be final as regards the age of the minor. I
think it would be manifestly improper to insert
such a provision in the law. A youth under eigh-
teen, who wished to leave his father, mightgo and
swear that he was eighteen years of age, and tlmt
would prevent his being discharged. It will lead
to false swearing and disobedience of parents.
Mr. WILSON. Many minors enter into the
service of the United States. By existing law,
the Secretary of War is compelled to discharge
them when application is made. It makes a vast
deal of labor, and causes disorganization in the
service. Tho proposition is to repeal that act, hut
to provide thatin the futureminors under eighteen
years of age shall not be mustered into the service,
and that the mustering oath shall be conclusive on
that subject. This pomthas been discussed m the
Military Committee, and the section has been
unanimously agreed to by the committee. I hope
it will be adopted bv the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out that part
of the amendment commencing with the word
" and," which provides that the oath of enlist-
ment shall be final and conclusive as to the age of
tho minor.
Mr. HALE. I think that making the oath of
the minor conclusive on him is a very slight pun-
ishment for the perjury he commits. If he swears
that he is eighteen when he is not, he commits
perjury, and may be punished by indictment; but
if, instead of that, you make his oath conclusive
on him and hold him in the Army, 1 think it is a
very slight punishment.
Mr. POWELL. It strikes me that if a youth
is disobedient  „
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
suspend his remarksuntil conversation in the Hall
ceases ? The Senator from Kentucky is entitled
to the floor, and will proceed when other Senators
have ceased talking in their seats.
Mr. HALE. He will never get it if he waits
till that time. [Laughter.]
Mr. POWELL. I have but a single remark to
make. If a youth is disobedient to bis parents,
and desires to escape from their control, a very
great inducement is held out to him, particularly
if his morals are not very stern, to enlist in the
Army and take this oath. According to the pro-
vision now offered, when he has taken the oath,
whether he be eighteen years of age or twenty-
one, the father will be unable to leclaim him. I
hope that the amendment I have moved will pre-
vail.
Mr. WILSON. I am surprised at the opposi-
tion to the amendment I have offered, and I am
sure that if Senators will reflect a solitary moment
upon it, they will decide that it is right. By ex-
isting law the Secretary of War is required to
discharge any minors m all our vast volunteer
force, when called upon to do so. The result-is
that vast numbers apply for discharges. The ob-
ject of my amendment is to repeal that provision
of the existing law; and in order to prevent tho
enlistment of young boys, to provide that here-
after no one shall be mustered into the service
of the United States who is under eighteen years
of age. We propose to reqflire an oath as to their
age. They are to be given to understand that the
law forbids their admission into the Army if they
are under eighteen years of age; that they must
take an oath in regard to their age, and that this
oath is to be conclusive in regard to tlieir age.
Unless you do this, you will discharge men who
are twenty-five years of age; men who are twenty-
two or twenty-three years old will come here and
make application to be discharged, alleging that
they are under eighteen. If young men take this
oath that they are eighteen years of age, and then
get sick of the service, they cannot complain if
when they enlisted they understood that their oath
was conclusive as to their age. Unless you make
that provision, you might just as well not act at
all. 1 know that during the last few months men
have been discharged from the service of the Uni-
ted States as minors who were twenty-four or
twenty-five years of age. There is no doubt
about it.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to the re-
peal of the law as proposed by the Senator. The
point to which I object is, that if a youth under
eighteen shall corruptly swear that he is over eigh-
teen years of age, his father is not to be permitted
to reclaim him'Yrom the Army. I do not think it
light or proper to hold out this premium (as it
may be called) to indiscreet and wild young men
to commit perjury for tho purpose of getting clear
of paternal influence. That is the point of my
objection. My impression is that my amendment
only goes to perfect the Senator's amendment, not
to destroy it by any means.
Mr. CLARK. 1 feel the force of what is said
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, but I do not agree with him in regard to
this amendment. 1 know that it may be necessary
to repeal tho law of1850; I know that there may be
eases where young men will go and enlist under
eighteen years of age who ought to be retained in
the service; but 1 ask the Senator what he will ilo^
in the case of a young man who is a little shortof
eighteen years of age, who is made intoxicated—
drunk for the very purpose, perhaps, of enlisting
him; who goes when m that condition to the re-
cruiting office, where they receive him, being eager
to obtain recruits ? They permit him to take the
oath; and then, when lie becomes sober, is his
mouth to be forever closed against any discharge
from the Army ?
Take the case that has been mentioned by the
Senator from Kentucky, where a young man de-
sires to escape from his father: he is not quite
eighteen years of age; he goes and takes the oath.
So far as he is concerned, as was said by my col-
league, I would let him be bound; but the father
has a claim upon that minor child; and shall the
father be bound ? He has been no part or parcel
of the fraud; it has been behind his back. When
he did not know anything about it, his son has
been led away. Shall he not be permitted to say,
" my rights have been violated; you took my son
against my will and without my knowledge, and^
shall I not have my son again?"
Now, sir, 1 agree with all the other amend-
ments but this. This is unfair to tho youth who
may be led astray, it is unfair and harsh upon the
parent, who has a right to the services of ins child;
and it is better that the Department should be put
to some expense, to some trouble in regard to this
matter, than that these very young children, I
may call them, should be allowed into the service
of the United States m this way, and forever shut
out from a discharge.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire is borrowing certainly a great deal of
trouble in this matter. By the courts of law these
persons are dischatged through their regular pro-
cess. Here is a lull to repeal the law requiring
the Secretary of War to make the discharges.
Why, sir, there has not been a regiment raised in
the country that has not had these young men
join them; and many of them on the eve of the
departure of the regiments have been taken out of
the regiments by judicial process; they are often
taken out by the courts of law. This does not
