3852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 355) to
amend an'act entitled, u An act further to promote
the efficiency of the Navy,"approved December
21,1861, have instructed me to" report it back
without amendment, and ask for its present con-
sideration. , .j i
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
the hours of labor and wages of employes in the
Government navy-yards shall conform, as nearly
as is consistent with the public interest, to those
of private yards in the immediate vicinity, to be
determined by the respective commandants of the
navy-yards, subject to the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
The bill was repotted to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, lead the third time, and passed.
PROLONGATION OF THE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution of the House
of Representatives for the extension of the ses-
sion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, (tlio Senate ooncnrnn^,) Thru the time ft vert
tor the adjournment of the two Houses he extended till
Thursday, the 17th instant, at twelve o'clock, meridian.
Mr. CARLILE. I think there ought to bo
some reason assigned for that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is not per-
haps aware that the President has sent us a com-
munication requesting us to postpone the ad journ-
ment for one day; and out of respect to him we
cannot do otherwise.
Mr. SAULSDURY. I certainly would pay
great respect to the wishes of the President of the
United States; but he has not seen proper to en-
lighten us upon what subject it is that he wishes
us to remain to legislate; he has not told us that
he hns any communication to make to this body.
Apprehensive that the subject upon which he may
wish to invite legislation is not such as in my
judgment—every Senator must be governed by
his own judgment—is calculated to promote the
interests of \he country, I shall content myself
with recording my vote against the resolution,
protesting at the same time that I mean no disre-
spect to the President, but I feel tljat I ought to
do so from a high sense of public duty. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the adoption of the res-
olution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course I cannot object
to that, but 1 really think (he Senator on recon-
sideration will hardly call for the yens and nays.
It is to be presumed that the President of the uni-
ted States has business which he deems of import-
ance enough to justify him in asking us to stay
one day more; mid I do not see how, with respect
to him, we can refuse unanimously to "grant it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If it is put upon that
ground, I beg to say that 1 certainly feel no dis-
respect to the Executive: and 1 withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays if it is the sense of the ma-
jority of the Senate that it ought to be done.
Mr. SUMNER. It will be remembered that the
President in Ins communication asked Congress
to postpone its adjournment at least one day. 1
infer from the language employed that perhaps he
would be glad id have a postponement for more
than one day. I think it would be becoming in
Congress to postpone the adjournment certainly
for more than one day. I should like to have the
resolution amended so as to fix Saturday as the
day of adjournment. ["Oh no."J 1 shall not
divide the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I should feel bound
to call for a division upon the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I should not be will-
ing to stay more than one day unless it was ne-
cessary.
Mr. SUMNER. I tto not make any motion; 1
suggest to the Senate what it seems to me it would
be proper for us to do, but I will not divide the
Senate.
The resolution was concurred in.
HOUSE BTLLS REFERRED,
The following bill and joint resolutions from
the .House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 56$) to provide for the printing of
the annual report of the banks of the United States
—to the Committee on Printing.
A joint resolution (No. 107) further to provide
for the compensation of members of Congress—
to the Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (No. 108) requiring the su-
perintendent of metropolitan police to pay over
certain moneys collected for fines and penalties, to
constitute a contingent fund for certain purposes—
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
A joint resolution (No. 109) to amend section
seventy-seven of an act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government and pay interest
on the public debt—to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 574) abolishing congres-
sional mileage was read a first time.
Mr. POWELL. I object to the second reading
of the bill.
The hour of five o'clock having arrived, the
Senate took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock,p. m.
■WESTERN GUNBOAT FLEET.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
518) transferring the western gunboat fleet from
the War to the Navy Department, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage. I ask that it be considered
now.
Mr. KING. Let it bo read.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read
for information.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
the western gunboat fleet, constructed by the War
Dcpaitment for operations on the western waters,
shall be transferred to the Navy Depaitmcnt,
which will be hereafter charged with the expense
of its repair, support, and maintenance.
The joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on NavahAffairs reported the
following amendment:
Provided, That all vessels now under construction orre-
pau by autlioiity ot'the War Department, slmll be completod
and paid for under the authority of that Department and
from appiopruitions made for that puiposc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state that this bill ori-
ginated with the Committee on Military Affairs of
the House of Representatives, and passed through
that body, and when it came here it was referred
to the Naval Committee of the Senate. It simply
transfers the control of the gunboat fleet on the
western waters to the Navy Department, where it
properly belongs, I suppose; and tho amendment
that has been put in is that those boats which are
now in process of construction or repair shall be
paid for out of the appropriations that were made
for tlmt purpose in the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. IvlNG. I do not know that there is any
objection to it. It is agreeable to both Depart-
ments 1 understand, but 1 know nothing of it my-
self.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no objection to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the hill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time,and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That David II. Burr have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers from the files of tho Senate.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That leave bo granted to withdraw the petition
of l'lniy Miles and other citizens of New Yoik, puymg a
postal lel'oim, presented February 11, 1862.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the petition of
Alonzo Hitchcock; the petition of Jabez Coney
and others; resolutions of the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania, in favor of the construction of iron-clad
gunboats for the defense of the Delaware river;
resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
relaj^ve to lake and river defenses in that State;
and resolutions of the Legislature of Rhode Island,
in favor of the location of the Naval Academy at
Newport, in that State, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was agreed
to.
MESSAGE FROM T11E HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the second and disagreed to
the first amendmentof the Senate to the bill of the
House (No. 573) to impose an additional duty on
sugar produced in the United States; and had
passed a joint resolution (No. 110) explanatory
of an act to suppress insurrection, to punish trea-
son and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels, and for other purposes; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of tho Senate to the
following bills and resolutions of the House:
A bill (No. 572) making supplemental appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1863, and
for the year ending June 30, 1862, and for other
purposes;
A bill (No. 527) to secure one month's pay and
pension to Margaret Bailey, widow of George B.
Bailey, lieutenant colonel in the ninth regiment
of Virginia volunteers;
A bill (No. 561) in relation to commissioned
officers of the United States revenuecutterservice;
Ajointresolution (No. 102) tenderingthethanks
of Congress to Captain A. H. Foote,United States
Navy; and
A joint resolution (No. 105) to grant pensions
to masters and other officers upon the gunboats in
the service of the United States.
CONFINEMENT OF SOLDIERS IN PENITENTIARY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No. 524) " pioluhmng
the confinement ot persons in the military service of the
United States in the penitentiary of the District of Colum-
bia, except as a punishment foi certain cuines, and to dis-
charge therefrom certain convicts by sentence ot couits-
niaitml, and for other purposes," having met, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and doiec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate to thesaid bill,and agiee to the
same. HENRY WILSON,
M.S.WILKINSON,
II. S. LANE,
Managers on Ike part of the Senate.
JAMES. F. WILSON,
H. b. DAWES,
Managers on the part of the House.
r dissent. JOHN S. PflELPS.
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would tell us what it is the committee
have done.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We passed
a bill, the Senator will remember, to prevent the
imprisonment of soldiers in the penitentiary.
Mr. HALE. What do you do with those now
%there. Release them?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr, HALE. Unconditionally?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No; the Pres-
ident can commute their punishment if he chooses,
but most of them will get out. We amended the
bill as it came from the House of Representatives,
striking out the part in regard to mutiny. They
did not agree to that, although 1 understood the
House stood 60 ayes to 15 noes, a large major-
ity; but they had some trouble about getting a
quorum, and they finally referred it to a confer-
ence committee. The conference committee have
agreed that the House shall concur with the Senate
in the amendment.
The report was concurred in.
DUTIES ON SUGAR.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a little bill on
the table, returned from the House of Represent-
atives with a disagreement on one matter, which
I wish to have taken up, and I shall then move
that the Senate recede. It is of no great conse-
quence, and will take but a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 573) to impose an additional
duty on sugars produced in the United States.
The House non-concurred in the firstamendment
of the Senate and concurred in the second,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
recede from its first amendment, which v^as to in-
sert the word " annually" before " levied."
The motion was agreed to.
ETIENNE BERNOT.
Mr. COWAN. 1 move to take up House bill
No. 503, to confirm and establish a patent here-
