410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
touch that. This section provides that the law re-
quiring the Secretary of War to make these dis-
charges on application shall be repealed; and it
provides as a guarantee for the future that young
men lyidereighteen years of age shall not be mus-
tered into the service, but that when they are mus-
tered into service they shall take an oath to sup-
port the Constitution and laws of the country; and
the question shall be put, as it has been put in
many of the regiments this year,what is your
age?" The idea simply is to embody into the law
this provision that the oath shall be conclusive as
to their age. Every effort is to be made to keep
these young men out of the service; but if they
will go in, if they will state that they are eighteen
years of age, if they will persist against the law
of the country in going into the service, the pre-
sumption is to be that they are eighteen years old.
That is the object of this bill. It was discussed
in the committee, and was agreed to by every
member of it. I believe it to be right. If that pro-
vision is stiieken out, I think we had better sim-
ply repeal the law unconditionally, and not let
the Secretary discharge anybody or say anything
about eighteen years of age at ail, and not forbid
young men under eighteen years from joining the i
Army. . We do not want them in the Army, if '
we can hplp it. They are not old enough
Mr. CLARK. I am not borrowing any trouble,
I will say to the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs. I am endeavoring to shut the
door against trouble; but I wish to say to him, if
he will lend mollis ear a moment, that I think he
is entirely mistaken in regard to any action of the
court. When you have made it conclusive upon
tlie party enlisted that his oath is to fix his ago,
the court have no power over the matter; and
neither the court nor the Secretary of War nor
anybody else can discharge him. The chairman
of tlie Committee on Military Affairs is shutting
down (lie very door of escape winch he proposes
to die yomii; man, and the court will have no
power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is another
objection  
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the Senator to allow
the amendment to he read again, so that we may
understand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike out
at the end of the first amendment the following
words:
Ami tlie oath of enlistment taken by tho recruit shall be
conclusive as to bis sijjo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another objec-
tion, I think, to that clause. It is too general. It
provides that the oath taken by the person en-
listed shall be conclusive as to his age. Is it to
be conclusive for all purposes, or simply for this?
Is it intended by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Alhurs that this oath shall be conclu-
sive everywhere and upon all occasions, in any
other suits that may be pending? { am riot sure
but that would be the meaning of it. I am not sure
but the court would so construe it. I think it
ought ! o be limited to this act of enlistment.
Hut again, I want to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, or some member
of it, for really I am not very well informed, this
question: I want to know if, when a party enlists,
iie swears to his age at all; whether that question
is put to him> Is it a part of the Army regula-
tions that the party enlisting shall swear how old
hoi*? 'i'iie question may be asked him ; but is it
obligatory upon the imusteiing officer to inquire
of the party enlisting what lus age is, and upon
him to make an nflidawtr
Mr. WILSO.W lie jy not required to swear;
but must always state it. Last autumn the War
Depaitment sent out their directions to all mus-
tering officers to submit that question to all who
desired to enlist. I uiised a regiment lastautumn, j
and every man admitted into that regiment had to :
state befoie the oath was administered to him that j
he was over eighteen years of age, in all cases, }
because it is required by this Government. There I
is no doubt upon that point. j
Mr. TRUiVlBULL. I nm not vevyfamiliar with |
such matters; but I have seen some regiments mus- !
tered into the service, and the legiments which 1 j
saw mustered info the servicc had no such oath ;
tendered to them, and no such question was asked
them. The regiment was drawn up m line and j
the mustering officer passed along the line, and !
afterwards the men marched past the mustering
officer, and he swore them in by companies. No
such question was propounded to them. That is
the reason why I asked the question of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to know if that was done.
Certainly, before it should be made conclusive
upon the party enlisting that he was of a partic-
ular age, his attention should be called to that
question. If there is no law requiring the mus-
tering officer to put thatquestion to him and to call
his attention to it, it would be very hard, indeed,
if a youth, a mere boy, a child, as is stated by the
Senator from New Hampshire, is persuaded to go
and enlist in the United States service—and we
know that all the children now arc taken with a
passion for military life; no question is asked him
as to his age, and he takes the oath tendered to
him by the mustering officer, and then he is to be
concluded and his parents concluded and every-
body else concluded, not only in reference to this
question, but there is a general provision inserted
that the age of that child is to be fixed conclu-
sively in all courts, upon all Secretaries of War,
and everybody else. I think it is going entirely
too far.
Mr. WILSON. I can assure the Senatorfrom
Illinois that the practice during many months has
been to put this question to persons mustered into
the service of the United States. When the first
regiments came out many of them were mustered
in here, in this city, and in other parts of the coun-
try, as whole regiments, and many young men,
boys under eighteen years of age, were admitted
into those regiments. Their parents made appli-
cations not only through the courts at home, but
through tho Secretary of War, to discharge these
minors. The trouble was so great at the War
Office that they issued an order to their mustering-
in officers throughout the country to ascertain the
ages of the young men enlisted into the service.
1 have seen any quantity of men mustered into the
service, and those questions submitted to them.
Now, sir, this proposition forbids the muster-
ing officers to muster in any persons under the
age of eighteen. That is an obligation upon the
mustering officer. If he knowingly violates it, he
violates the law of tho country, and he is respons-
ible for it. He submits th<J question to the party
desiring to be mustered in, and if the party insists
that he is eighteen years of age, and is ready to
take the oath and be mustered into the service of
the United States, then we provide by this bill if
he does this that the oath shall be conclusive as
to the fact that he is eighteen years of age, and
therefore he shall be holden in the service of the
United States. If, however, Senators think there
can be abuses under it, then I say strike out the
whole provision in regard to his being eighteen
years of age; but if you insert a provision that no
person shall be mustered in under eighteen years
of age, I say to you what I have no doubt will be
the result, that persons nineteen, twenty, twenty-
one, and twenty-two years of age will come and
claim to be discharged as being under eighteen
years of age.
The VICE I'RESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order, which is the resolu-
tion submitted by the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wilkinson,] and the report of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary thereon.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to postpone that
for a short time now, so that we may finish this
measure, if we can. There arc two or three im-
portant provisions in it that I should like to get
thumgh.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to postpone the special or-
der for the purpose of continuing the considera-
tion of the bill now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me the special
order might be passed over informally for a short
time in order to give my colleague an opportunity
of proceeding with his bill; but I should hesitate
to postpone the special order. It is a question of
piivilege, and one that, in the nature of the case,
ought to be acted upon as soon as possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be the unani-
mous sense of the Senate to postpone the special
order temporarily for the purpose of considering
the question before the Senate, the Chair will so
regard it. Is there any objection' TheChair hears
none.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, when this
question was before the committee it was very
thoroughly considered, and the abuses which the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
has represented were also represented in com-
mittee. We know the fact exists that boy3
under the age of eighteen do enlist. They do it
under a sort of inspiration that is generated in a
neighborhood where troops are being raised,and
many young men over that age enlist; but when
they come to camp life and hard fare their patriot-
ism suddenly evaporates, and they desire to re-
turn to private life again. There have been, as
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs has stated, a gieat many men discharged
who were over the age of twenty-one, upon the
application of their parents, friends, or guardians
representing that they were still minors.
I am in favor of the proposition as introduced
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs; I believe it will cut off very great abuses
and save us a great deal of trouble. In all these
cases where young men have enlisted and now
represent themselves as minors and desire to pro-
cure their discharge, great expense has been in-
curred by the Government. They have been uni-
formed, armed, drilled, and equipped in every
point as soldiers, and brought to the field at a great
expense to the Government; but when they arrive
there they are taken with a desire to retire from the
service, and all this expense which the Govern-
ment has incurred in bringing them in the face of
the enemy is a total and entire loss.
There is no regulation now which requires the
applicant or recruit to swear that he is eighteen
yeais of age. He takes an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States and faithfully
discharge his duties as a soldier; but the language
of the bill is framed with the idea of conveyinga
presumption that the young man who takes the
oath has arrived at the age of eighteen years. He
is not positively required to swear to it, and the
fact of his taking the oath usually taken by a sol-
dier is merely evidence presumptive that he was
of proper age to take it, and that the mustering
officer had done his duty in asking him thatques-
tion. There is no perjury connected with the case
in any way unless the perjury grows out of the
fact of young men who are over the age of eighteen
years making false applications to be discharged
on the ground of minority.
Now, the question of the parent losing the ser-
vices of the young man, I do not think amounts
to a great deal. It is a time when every man who
is capable of bearing arms is called upon to render
service to his country. A young man who runs
away from his father, or is induced to enlist, and
subsequently obtains his discharge, if he violates
the parental control which was over him in the
first place and joins the Army, is not likely to be
of much service to his parents thereafter; and I
think the very best school, and the very best place
for him, is the Army, and I am in favor of retain-
ing him there.
Mr. LATHAM. I merely rose to correct a
false impression by the use of terms which I think
the Senator from Illinois has fallen into in his dis-
pute with the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affaiis. When an applicant applies for ad-
mission into the Army, at the time of enlistment
the question is propounded as to his age, and other
examinations as to his physical capacities are
made, as prescribed by the regulations of the War
Department. When he comes to be mustered into
service, however, and classified, no questions are
asked. The enlistment is generally private; the
mustering into service is public.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Cali-
fornia, I am sure, is laboring under a misappre-
hension in regai d to the volunteers. There was
no examination of them. I know there was none
in my State when the volunteers got together.
They came from all parts of the States, and when
a hundred had assembled, or enough for a com-
pany, they generally selected their officers and
proceeded to the place of rendezvous. A great
many of these persons were thrown out by the
mustering officer; some because they were too old,
some because there was some physical defect; but
no examination whatever was made previous to
that time. Any one who thought proper went to
the place of rendezvous. I know that was the
practice there, and there was no such thing as an
enlistment. There was no officer to do it.
Mr. LATHAM. That may have been the case.
