1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1438
accordingly resolved'itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,)and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. XI. No. 332) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay intciest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the amendment to the seventy-tlmd section
proposed last evening by Mr. Horton, to strike
out all after the word " material," and to insert
the following:
When the product shall he not above five hundred thou-
sand cubic feet pei month, five cenfo per one thousand cubic
ieet; when tJle pioduct shall be above five hundred thou-
sand and not exceeding five mill ions of cubic feet pei month,
ten cents per one thousand cubic ieet; when the pioducr
shall be above five millions! and not exceeding fifteen mil-
lions i>f cubic feet pei month, fifteen cents per one thousand
cubic feet; when the product t-lmll be above fifteen mil
lioir? of cubic feet pei month, twent.v cents per one thou-
sand cubic ieet; and the geneial average of the monthly
product lor the yeai pieceding the i^tuin loquued by this
act, shall regulate the late ot duty lietein imposed; and
wheie any gas company shall not have been m operation
for one \ear next preceding the return as aforesaid, then
the rate shall be legulatcd upon the estimated aveiage of
the monthly pioduct PtondeJ. That the ictuiii required
by this act shall be umlcrstood to mean a return of tile bills
actually iendored by any g.i  company dming the month
preceding j^aid letutn: ami all gas companies are hetrby
authon/.ed to add the duty or tax imposed by this-. actio the
puce per thousand cubic feet on gas sold,"any limitation
which may exi^t m the chartei of .-aid eompatuc- or law-3
of any State to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided,
That all gas futm-hed foi lighting street lamps and not
mcaMiied, may be estimated, and ifthe letum-in an\ case
shall be uinlet-stated orundei-e-timated, it shall be the duty
of the assistant a<se^oi of the distnet to mciea^e the same
as he shall deem just and pioper.
Mr. HOIITON. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONIvLlNG. I wish to speak
in opposition to the amendment befoie the gen-
tleman does that. I want to oppose it for the pur-
pose of ascertaining from the gentleman from
Ohio fust, whether the proposition is to tax all
the gas produced as contradistinguished from a j
ptoposition to tax all the gas consumed ?
Mr. HOIITON. The proposition is to tax all
gas made and sold, all consumed; and the proof
of the amount consumed is found in the bills ten-
dered for consumption.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then 1 quite
agree to that ptut of the amendment. 1 wantalso
to inquire, as I could not ascertain from the read-
ing at the Clerk's desk, whether the amendment
strikes out the proviso beginning on line twenty-
second, and which is as follows;
Provided, That all gas furnished for lighting .sheet lanip^
and for lighting single dwelling-houses, when specially
made by the nwneh' oi occupants theieof for that purpose
and not lor sale, sdmll be exempt fiom dutv.
Mi. HOIITON. It strikes all that out. The
company are to pay a tax on the gas consumed
3n street lamps.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then, if I un-
derstand the gentleman\s amendment, it is to tax
gas only upon consumption, and it excludes the
exemption contained in the original section.
Mr. HORTON. That is it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I entirely
approve of it.
Mr. IIORTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the following:
Pionded, 'J'hat coal t.ir pioduced in the manufacture ot
illuminating gas and The pioduct-? ot the redistillation of the
coal tar thus produced shall be exempt fiom duty.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not know that I under-
stand the purport of this last amendment, but it
seems to me that the amendment is unjust in this,
that while the profits of these gas companies are
enormous, it does not propose that they shall pay
any pait of this tax, but allows them to impose
it upon the eonsuineis. Now that is not right.
It n-s manifestly unjust. Every one knows that
the gas company of this city, tor instance, make
enormous pioiits. I think also that the provision ;
ought to be retained exempting £;as produced by
persons for their own consumption. !
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. HUTCH1NS. I move to amend the par-
agraph of the original bill by striking out the pro-
viso authorizing the gas companies to collect the
tax imposed upon gas by this act from the con-
sumers. 1 move to strike out the words:
Prodded, That all gin companies aie hetehy authoiizrd
to add the duty oi lux imposed l>} this art to {he puce p<'r
thousand rulue feet on jm.s sold, any limitation which may
exist in the chattel of said companies or laws of any State
to the eontraiy notwithstanding.
I think we are undertaking by that proviso to
do what we have really no right to do—to au-
thorize gas companies to charge this tax to the
consumers.
Now, as a matter of fact, most of our towns and
cities are supplied by contracts, made under the
authority of law between the companies and the
townships or corporations; and these contracts
provide that the gas companies may charge not to
exceed agiven sum perthousand cubic feet. They
arc limited by their contracts or charters to a given
amount.
This bill proposes, if I understand if, and if I
do not of course the Committee of Ways and
Means will set me ri^ht, to raise the price of gas
over and above the price provided in the contracts
now in existence between the parties who furnish
and the parties who consume gas. Now, I say
that as a matter of law we have no right to do
that, and even if we had a legal right to do it, it
would be unjust and impolitic.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Gas is a manu-
factured article. In all cases in which we impose
a duty upon manufactures, it is optional with the
manufacturer whether he will increase the price
of his article or not. Certainly the manufacturers
of gas ought to have the same privilege. But how
is the fact ? Why, the gas companies, undertheir
charters, are frequently compelled to furnish gas
to cities where they are located at a price even
below the cost of manufacture. In some cities,
where the gas companies charge $2 50 per thou-
sand cubic feet to the ordinary consumers, they
are compelled, by their charters, to furnish it to
the cities for $1 50 per thousand cubic feet. We
only propose, by this amendment, not to force an
extraordinary loss upon companies which furnish
cities or corporations with gas upon such condi-
tions.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Docs the gentleman mean
to say that we can interfere with the agieement
between gas companies and cities or corporations
under their contracts ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no doubt
whatever that a law of Congress would supersede
any State law or charter providing that a company
shall sell^as at a certain uite.
Mr. D1VEN. 1 would inquire if this amend-
ment docs not propose to alter the laws of States
and to impair existing contracts?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is a constituent part of
all contiacts that they shall bo subject to such
changes as the law-making power may from time
to time make.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I very re-
spectfully dissent from the position of the gentle-
man fiom Ohio. I undertake to say that this sec-
tion does not impair contracts in the slightest
degree. It provides only that the tax which we
assess upon a certain article shall be paid by the
consumer ultimately, and not by the manufac-
turer, and all estates and all property are held
subject to this li^lit of the public to tax it. No
contract is unpaired by the exercise of this muni-
cipal power.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a great
error existing m the public mind and in the mind
of this committee in relation to the profits of these
gas companies. There aie very few in the coun-
try which are making extravagant profits, and
upon these we have imposed very heavy taxation.
We tax all other illuminating products, candles,
petroleum, coal oiI,&c. Coal oil is one of the
most poweiful competitois that gas has o\er met
with. In many places it is taking the place of
gas. Many persons are using it in preference to
any other light. So far as our investigations have
gone on the subject, we find that not nioie than
half the gas companies are nuking even the or-
dinary profits which other manufacturing com-
panies make.
One word now in reply to the suggestion of the
gentleman fiom Illinois as to the lighting of d well-
ing houses. While we impose a tax on candles
and illuminating oil, is it not just that the man
who evades all such taxes and who has the means
of putting up a separate gas house for the purpose
of lighting his own house with gas, should be
subject to some sort of tax? Gentlemen who are
able to put up their own private establishments
for the manufacture of gas, are certainly the last
men to claim any exemption from this tax.
The question being on Mr. IIutchins's amend-
ment to the amendment,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and Messrs*
Hutciiins and Richardson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 36, noes G3.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally, and Mr. Rosj-
coe Conkling having taken the chair as Speaker
pro temporet a message was received from the Sen-
ate by Mr Forney, its Secretary, announcing
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
the bill (H. R.No. 318) to prohibit the allowance
or payment of pensions to the children of officers
and soldiers of the war of the Revolution.
The Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union resumed its session, and proceeded to
the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Horton, as amended, as follows:
Strike out all after the woid " material," and insert the
following:
When the product shall be not above five hundred thou-
sand cubic feet permonth, five cents per one thousand cubic
feet; when the product <?hall be above five hundred thou-
sand and not exceeding five millions of cubic feet permonth,
ten cents pei one thousand cubic feet; when the product
.shall be above five millions and not exceeding fifteen mil-
lions of cubic feet permonth, fifteen cents pet one thousand
cubic feet; when the product shall be above fifteen mil-
lions of cubic feet per month, twenty cents per one thou-
sand cubic feet; and the geneial average of the monthly
pioduct for the year preceding the return required by this
act shall regulate the late of duty herein imposed; and
wheie any g i< company shall not have been in operation
foi one year ne\t pieceding the leturn as aforesaid, then
the rate shall be regulated upon the estimated average ot
the monthly pioduct: Provided, That the return icqutred
b> this act shall be undeistood to mean a letm n of the bills
actually rcndeied bv any gas company during the month
preceding saidietum; and all gas companies are hereby
<uiihoiiK( d to add ihe duty oi tax impo.sed by this act to the
pure per thousand ruble feet on gix-i sold, any limitation
winch may exut in the chaitci of said companies or laws
ot any State to the eontiaiy notwithstanding: Provided,
That all gas Jmm.-licd fur lighting stitet lamps and not
measuied may be estimated, and it the return;- in any case
."-hall be undri-statod ot undei-estimated, it shall be the duty
of tin' asMvum «is<e-5!?or oi the district to Increase the same
a-s be shall derm just and pioper- Provided, That coal tar
piodueed in the manufactuie of illuminating gas, and the
pioducts oi the redistillation of the coal tar thus produced,
shall be exempt from duty.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the following proviso;
Provided, however, Thatall gas for lighting single dwell-
ings, when specially made bv the owners or occupants
theieof for that purpose, and not for sale, shall be exempt
from duty.
The gentleman from Vermont has shown us no
sufficient reason why the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Horton] should
be adopted.
Mr. DIVEN. 1 oppose the amendment. In
my judgment, the provision could notbe enforced
in courts of law. 1 do not deny that you may
collect of the consumer a tax on the amount of gas
consumed by him, but you cannot do it in this
way. Here you levy the tax directly on the pro-
ducer, and then you piovide that contracts exist-
ing between the producer and the consumer may
be violated. You cannot do that. My friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas] shakes his head.
But let us try this question.
Mr. IIORTON. I raise the question of order
that the gentleman is not speaking to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. Lovejoy's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following proviso:
Piotidcd, That nothing herein contained shall be >o con-
strued a<5 to allow the gas-light companies to add such tax
to the rates authorized' by law to be collected from cou-
&uineis.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I raise the ques-
tion of Older that tins proposition has been sub-
stantially voted on already.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I understood
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Horton] to say,
in answei to an inquiry, that his amendment pro-
posed to tax the gas produced and sold. 1 have
looked at the amendment, and if 1 understand it,
it imposes a tax on the gross products of the gas
works. Now, I suggest that if it was the gentle-
