1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
as the Senator states, in bis own State. I only-
spoke of the general rule. Of course, it may have
been deviated from in many of the Suites where
forccs have presented themselves in large num-
bers, and where it was desirable that they should
be mustered into service at once; but the general
rule I know is, that the enlistment is of a private
character, with an examination prescribed by the
regulations of the Department as to his physical
capacities, and as to age also. The enlistment is
then made. When the parties come to be mus-
tered into the service, which is a mere classifica-
tion of them, that is of a public nature, and, of
course, those questions are not asked.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move another amend-
ment, which was in the bill we had up yesterday,
and I believe had the support of all Senators. It
.is to add, as a now section:
Jlnd be it further evaded, That the second section of
the above recited act shall he, and the same is hereby, so
amended as to read a-, follow;.:
See. "2 Jlnd be it further enacted, That m time of war
or lebelliou against* the supierne authoiity of the United
Mates. all persons who shall be found lurking as spies, or
acting as sueh, in oi about the foitifications, encampments,
por-tb, quai teis, or headquarters of the anmos of the United
States, or any of them, shall suffer death by sentence oi* a
geueial court-martial.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, as 1 read
and understand the Constitution, citizens of the
United States cannot be subject to court-martial,
or law-martial, unless they he members of the
Navy or Army of the United States, or militia in
actual sevvice; that is, that all persons must be
subject to trial by the ordinary process of law and
by jury on indictment in the State where the of-
fense is committed, unless they be persons in the
Army or Navy of the United States. By that, I
undeistand that all offenses by citizens of the Uni-
ted States must be tried by the regular and ordi-
nary court and process of court, unless they be-
long to the Army or Navy of the United States
service, and then they may be subjected to acoui t-
martial. If gentlemen will look, they will find
such a provision in the amendments to the Con-
stitution. The terms are, that no person shall
be holden to answer for any capital or infamous
crime, except by trial by jury. Undoubtedly, this
is an infamous crime, so much so as to be declared
capital.
Understanding, then, that our citizens cannot
be held to answer except in that way, I will refer
further to the very act which is now proposed to
be altered and amended, which confines itself to
persons who arc not citizens of the United States.
That law which is now proposed to be amended,
was drawn with precisely the view 1 have stated;
under that provision of the Constitution that our
own citizens cannot be subjected to a court-martial.
This amendment, as it seems to me, attempts to
go further and to subject our citizens to court-
martial, trial, conviction, and death, without any
trial by jury, which the Constitution reserves to
every citizen of the United States. It seems to
me that cannot constitutionally, be done.
I now come, Mr. President, to a very nice ques-
tion, which has been a good deal embarrassing to
my mind, and probably has been to other gentle-
men's who have given attention to it, in relation
to the manner in which this war may be prose-
cuted, governing ourselves by the general rules of
war between civilized people. The international
law writers hold that a civil war is to be managed
and conducted upon the same rules as a war be-
tween belligerents generally. Under that view, it
early seemed to me that we never could get along
but by decUiing this rebellion to bo a civil war.
At the last session of Congress a law was passed
authorizing the Piesident of the United States to
declare ceitain States under certain circumstances
in a state of insurrection, and then proceeded to
deal with those States thus declared to be in a
state of insurrection in the same manner that we
deal with foreign nations when at war with them.
That law also interdicted intercourse upon proc-
lamation being made that a State was m insur-
rection. I am free to say that I was piepared. to
pass any act properly and legitimately belonging
to the prosecution of the war between this Govern-
ment and those sections of country which have
under that law been declared to be m a state of
insurrection in the same manner as we would
with a foreign belligerent.
Without goingat large into the subject, for gen-
tlemen probably would consider me exceedingly
tedious if I should undertake to give my reasons
for this distinction, I will say, that if the proposed
amendment were confined to persons lurking as
spies in and about the encampments and garrisons
of the armies of the United States in any of that part
of the country which has been declared in a state of
insurrection by the proclamation of the President,
I think we should have a right to pass it. But we
cannot say that a citizen of the United States who
may go about an encampment on this side of the
Potomac, may be arrested as a spy, here where
all the laws of the land are in full operation, where
he may be complained of and prosecuted, as giv-
ing aid and comfort to the enemy, and dealt with
as a traitor, if you please, guilty of treason, and
tried by the courts, and nothing to prevent it. I
think we cannot justify ourselves, under the Con-
stitution, in undertaking to subject that man to a
drum-head court-martial and to be shot. I there-
fore move that the amendment be amended so as
to confine it to those found lurking as spies around
any fortification or post within anyofthat partof
the United States which has been or may be de-
clared to be in .a state of insurrection.
Mr. WILSON. I have great confidence in the
judgment of the Senator from Vermont, and am
disposed to defer to his opinions in this matter.
I am piessed on the one side to occupy no more
time, so that the case of the Senator from Indiana
may come up; and the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] who introduced a bill yesterday, which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and which they have not had time to repon, presses
me on the other to take that matter up this morn-
ing; and for that purpose, I will no longer, at this
time, press the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no objec-
tion to it, as soon as this amendment is made, and
we can then pass it.
Mr. WILSON. Very well. 1 hope the amend-
ment will be agreed to. I accept it, if I have the
ria;Iu to do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senatorfrom Vermontto the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, to in-
sert in line nine of the amendment, after the word
"them,'' the words "within any part of the
United States which has been or may be declared
to be in a state of insurrection by proclamation of
the President of the United States."
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 very greatly distrust my
own judgment when gentlemen of experience
have expressed themselves m relation to this mat-
ter; but it strikes me that a portion of the mischief
designed to be remedied will not be reached by
this proposition. I think the amendment to the
amendment will limit the matter too much. It
seems to me, sir, that as much damage can be
done by persons lurking as spies about the camps
in the District of Columbia or in the borderStates
where our armies may be found as in the rebel
States. I hope the proposition offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will not be so far restricted as to relieve persons
who, I am inclined to belivu, have approached the
camps in this city for no other purpose than to act
as spies, and to work out the nefarious conse-
quences of their designs. They can do as much
harm in this District to the United States, and to
the great cause which has been carried on for the
protection and preservation of the Union, as spies,
as they can in rebel distiicts, and perhaps to a
much greater extent.
Mr.'tlALE. I have listened to the Senator
from Vermont with a great deal of defeience; but
it strikes me he has gone further than the Con-
stitution does in this amendment. The article to J
which he refers, I suppose, is the fifth article of j
the amendments Xo the Constitution; and is this: j
"No peivon s-h;ill beheld to answer for a capital oi other- j
wine mtamous ciime. unless on a presentment or indict- j
nient of a grand juiy, except in eases arising in the land or ;
naval foiee^ or in the militia, when m actual seivicc in j
tune of wai or public danger." !
Itdoesnotsay " persons employed," hut cases ;
arising in the land or naval forces or militia, when j
; in actual service in time of war. It strikes me |
ll thatrelievestheamendmentofthecommitteefrom !
|| the censure of the Senator from Vermont. 1
ll The amendment to the amendment was agreed j
|l to, there being, on a division, ayes twenty-four,
noes not counted; and the amendment as amended
was adopted.
Mr. "WILSON. I now offer another amend-
ment, and if there be no objection, then I think
we may take a vote on the bill. It is to insert as
a new section:
be it further enacted, That the fifty-fifth article ofthe
first section of the act of April 10, 1806, cliaptertwenty, be,
I and the same is hereby, so amended as to read as follows:
Art. 55. Whoever, belonging to the armies of the United
States in foreign parts, or at any place within the United
States or their Territories, during rebellion against the su-
preme authority of the United States, shall force a safe-
guard, shall suffer death.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me, that amend-
ment is obnoxious to the same objection that the
Senator from Vermont made to the other.
Mr.COLLAMER. I move thatthesamewords
be inserted after the word "Territories"—"which
has been or may be declared to be in a state of in-
surrection by proclamation of the President of the
United States."
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs if there can be a safe-
guard otherwise than in a hostile country, or a
country in a state of insurrection? I do not un-
derstand by " forcinga safe-guard" that it means
interfering with the patrol on the street here, or
that it means going within the lines of a sentry
that is established around a camp. That is not a
safe-guard, as I understand it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 understand by a safe-guard the
establishment of a guard over persons or property
in a hostile country; as for instance, you place a
guard over a college; you place a guard, if you
please, over a barn, or over a farm, and the pro-
vision of the law is, that whoever shall force that
guard and destroy the property, or force the guard,
shall suffer death. Now, I submit to the Senate
it is very necessary for us to have such a pro-
vision in this state of rebellion. Suppose our
forccs arc in the State of Virginia, which is de-
clared to be in a state of insurrection, and there
is a loyal man there in possession of his property:
you want to protect him; you put a guard over
him; and it is nccessary to protect him. Is it not
necessary to have a stringent provision that if an y-
body forces that guard, he shall suffer death, in
order to protect that person ? It seems to me it is
very necessary to have such a provision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, which
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
after the woid "Territories," in the eighth line,
the word*, " which has been or may be declared
to be in a state of insurrection, by proclamation
of the President of the United States," so that it
will read:
Whoever, belonging to the Armies of the United States
in foreign parts, or at any place within the United Slates
or their Territories,' which lias been or may be declaied to
be in a state ot insurrection by proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the United States, during rebellion against the
supreme authority of the United States, shall loree a safe-
guard, shall suffer death.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not wish to interfere with
this proposition, but I desire to ask this question
of the gentlemen who are offering it: suppose a
safe-guard is established around aloyal man's resi-
dence, m the State of Maryland, which has not been
declared to be in a state of insurrection, although
it is well known that there arc neighborhoods
there where an intense secession or rebellions feel-
ing prevails; can those secessionists or these re-
bellious citizens with impunity force that safe-
guard? They can under the provisions of the
amendment as it now stands, or as it its about to
be amended.
Mr. CLARK. The difficulty, Mr. President,
arises from that clause of the Constitution which
forbids the bringing of anybody to trial by court-
martial unless in a'State declared to be in insur-
rection. I saw the difficulty suggested by the
Senatorfrom Iowa; but it maybe necessary to
secure as much as we can, and if we cannot get
the entire provision in the border States that we
want, it may be as well to have as much as we
can in the States which are declared to be in a
state of insurrection.
Mr. GRIMES. The State of Kentucky, for
instance, is not declared to be in a state of insur-
rection, as I understand it; yet if this amendment
be adopted as it is proposed to be amended, a
safeguard can there be ibrccd with impunity—a
Statp" where I apprehend there is more necessity
