1862.
TBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3353
tofore granted to Etienne Bernot, dated July 24,
I860, and to secure to George Summerville Norris,
the assignee of said patent, the benefit of the full
term for which said-patent was granted.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill. By its provisions the patent granted to
Etienne Bernot on the 24th of July, i860, for " an
improved machine for cutting files," and which
patent, on its face, was granted for the term of four-
teen years from its date, will be made a valid grant
for the full term of fourteen years from its date,
notwithstanding the fact that a patent had been
previously granted in France for the same inven-
tion, and notwithstanding that the patent, when
issued, ought to have been granted only for the
term of fourteen years, to be computed from the
date of the patent previously issued in France.
The title of George Summerville Norris, as as-
signee of the patent, under the assignment made
to him by Etienne Bernot, dated October 8,1860,
and reco'rded in the Patent Office, is to be good
and valid to vest in the assignee, his executors,
administrators, and assigns, the exclusive right,
under the patent, for the full period of the term of
fourteen years from its date, in like manner and
to the same extent as if the patent, when origin-
ally issued, had been validly granted for fourteen
years from its date.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ROBERT M. EVANS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to suspend all
other orders for the purpose of taking up a little
private bill that is perfectly just. I am familial-
with all the circumstances myself. It was intro-
duced in the House of Representatives and re-
ferred to the Military Committtee, passed the
House and came here, and was referred to our
Military Committee, and was reported back with-
out amendment. The circumstances are these:
last July Colonel Baker was raising a cavalry
regiment; he authorized me to raise four com-
panies in the State of Indiana. I went home with
Colonel Baker's authority, and handed it to Cap-
tain Evans. He raised one company, and three
other companies were raised and brought on here
to this city in addition to the one that Evans raised.
When Evans came here, Colonel Baker had had a
different command assigned to him, and three of
the companies were mustered into the New York
cavalry, and are there yet. About half of Cap-
tain Evans's companyjoined other companies, for
they were not willing to muster into the New York
cavalry and leave our own State service. Captain
Evans was commissioned and mustered into ser-
vice, but he had no company, and of course was
thrown out of service. Here is the sworn state-
ment of his actual expenses, and for eighty-three
days' service. The Secretary of War says the
claim is just, but says there is no law under which
it can be paid without special legislation.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 369) for the relief of Robert M. Evans was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It is
intended to authorize the Secretary of War to ad-
just and settle, upon fair and equitable terms, the
accounts of Robert M. Evans, for recruiting in
and bringing from the State of Indiana to this city,
during the months of August and September, 1861,
cavalry troops in pursuance of an order issued on
or about the 15th day of July, of the same year,
by the then Secretary of War; but the amountso
paid is not to exceed #500.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third leading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE B. SIMPSON.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate post-
pone all pending orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 345, for the relief of
• George B. Simpson, reported by the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
• sider the bill. It proposes to authorize the Com-
missioner of Patents to rehear and determine, as
in his discretion and judgment shall be required
by the law and justice of the case, the application
of George B. Simpson for letters patent for a cer-
tain invention claimed by him for the construction '
of what he denominates "afcubmaiine telegraphic ;
cable," by the combination of gutta-percha and
metallic wire, in such form as to incase a wire or
wites, or other conductors of electricity, within
the non-conducting substance g'utta-percha; and
whatever shall fee required by justice and right in
the application, is to be granted by the Commis-
sioner the same as if the application had never
been before heard or decided; but this application
is not to affect any existing right or interest in the
manufacture of the article sought to be patented.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case?
Before the report is read, I want to say that the
action of Congress in these matters is very singu-
lar; it seems to be spasmodic. Sometimes since
I have been here, for years and years it has been
a very difficult thing to get a renewal of a patent,
indeed almost impossible, and my own impression
is that it is the right course. We give already a
judicial hearing, and the laws are very liberal, and
it seems to me the Congress coming in and re-
judgingthese cases which have once had a judicial
decision, is contrary to the tenor of our institu-
tions, and ought not to be tolerated.
Mr. SCJMNER. It is only on the principle on
which a court grants a new trial, that is, on special
circumstances, new evidence of a particular kind,
all of which is set forth in the report, if the Sen-
ator will listen to it. I think it is hardly worth
while to take up time in reading it, but the report
is very clear; it is a report made m the other House.
The Secretary read the following report of the
House Committee on Patents, made by Mr. No-
ble:
The Committee on Patents, to whom was refened the
petition ofGcoige B. Simpson, praying the passage of a law
to authorize a rehearing of his application befoie the Com-
missioner of Patents, asking letteis patent of the United j
States for insulating telegraph wires with gutta-percha, and
denominated by him " a submarine telegiaph cable," 10-
port :
That soon after the first magnetic telegraph was put into
practical operation between this city and the city of Balti-
more, by Professor Samuel F. B. Morse and others, about
the year 1840, an obstacle almost insuperable was discov-
ered to exist to its piactieal working. This obstacle was
water. Itmterposed a  amedium for conducting electricity
from the telegraph wiie, wheiever a connection should be
established by it, between the wire and other substances;
and electricity, that motive power of oigamc fonns, fol-
lowing the instinctive fiat of its being, sought the shortest
distance to attain equilibrium, and thus passed fiom the
wire to moie inviting forms whenever connected by water
with those forms. This proved an interference so embar-
rassing to the friendsof the great enteipiise that they weie
induced to make liberal offeis, tlnough the public piess, to
any one who should discover a successful insulator of the
telegraph wire.
Being of an inventive turn of mirtd, and a great student
and lover of nature,Mr. Simpson undertook the task, fiimly
believing he could accomphbh it. He read books uponthe
subject, compounde#substances, and experimented for
seven years ;^md finally,on the 22d day of November, 1847,
in the city of Cincinnati, and State of Ohio, lie deduced,
from Jong continued and perseveringresearch, the result of
that, which he now claims, discovery and invention. Klated
with the idea of final success in the attainment of the ob-
ject of his research and experiments, on Monday following,
the 23d day of November, 1847, ho addressed a letter of in-
quiry to Hon. Amos Kendall, of Washington city. On the
4th day of December, 1847, he made affidavit to the fore
going fact® befoie the mavor of the city of Cincinnati, to
which affidavit he, the mayor, attached his sienatme and
official seal. On the 7th day of December, 1847, lie called
on Amos Kendall and F O J Smith, at the Peail
street House, (havum been informed of their intended an i-
val by letter fiom one of them.) and made lull explanations
of his invention. Duiing the month of December, lbl7,he
made a complete model,fiom which accurate drawings and
specifications were made, claiming the combination and
airangewentof the gums and glass atound the wire in such
form as to secure the controllingpowei of thatiny-teuous
agent, electricity. This model, drawings, and specifications
were forwarded by mail to the''Commissioner ol Patents at
Washington c&|, receipt of which was acknowledged by
him on the 1st day of February, 1848.
During the month of Febiuaiy, 1848, he succeeded in ob-
taining a small quantity of gutta-percha gum, with which
he made various experiments, one of which was the dis-
solving of the gum in chloroform, reducing it to the consist-
ency of copal varnish ; after which, by means of a small
brush, he spiead it on India-rubber surfaces. Another was
the insulation of the telegraph wne with it in the following
manner, to wit: by placing the gutta-percha m boiling water
he reduced it to the consistency of soft putty, and in this
plastic Plate he spun it out into thin and ribbon-like strips,
and as he spun it out he wound it continuously aiound the
wiie from end to end, thus effectually covering and insu-
lating the telegraph wne with gufta pereha. This inven-
tion he denominated " a submarine telegraph cable."
Previous and subsequent to this period pecuniary em-
barrassment's, the birthright of most inventors, not only fol-
lowed, but preceded him in his dally toils. To use hisown
language, u they met him at eveiy-turn; they harassed him j
by day and by night; they sat a companion at his midnight :
lamp, and accompanied him in his walks ateailiestdawn ; |
th'ey appeared not only to be with him, but to be a part of
him, until their presence wearied his mind, and their stat-
ute threw a shadow over his bughtc-st hopes."
In the winter of 1848 and 1849, aided by Horace II. Day,
of New Yoik, he executed a new model, new drawings,
and new specifications, all of which weie filed in the Pat- '
ent Office on the 2d of April, 1849, and in May following
the patent fee, thirty dollars, was paid. This completed his
application.
In September following the case came up for examination
in the office, and after a brief correspondence, the Com-
missioncrrejected his claim upon the alleged ground "that
the insulating property of gutta-percha being known, its
use to protect wires, &e., was not a patentable' invention."
Through this plain and palpable error, thus committed
against him by the Commissioner, he became disgusted,
and having no means to contend with the Government,
whose agents seemed to him to exhaust every means to
defeat the. attainment of what he deemed a just claim, he
rested the ease until he should acquiie the necessary fundsJ
to prosecute his claim to a more successful termination.
Thus it remained till the 1st day of January, 1851, when
he withdrew the return fee, twenty dollars, under the sol-
emn protest" that the invention belonged to him as justly
as did the inherent principle of life, thought, or action."
In 1853, Mi. Simpson went to Oregon and California for
the put pose of more readily acquiring the meant wherewith
to prosecute his claim, determined never to yield his light
as long as life should last. Having obtained what he be-
lieved to be a sufficiency, he lettirned, and iu 1858renewed
his application for a patent for <• a submarine telegraph
cable." Tins claim is in the following words: "what I
claim and desire to secure by letters patent of the United
States is the combination ofgutta peichaand metallic wire
in such form as to incase a wire or wiies, or other con-
ductors of electricity, within the non-conducting substance
gutta-percha " During the examination of this renewal
application, the Commissioner acknowledged that the re-
jection of the first original application was made on in-
sufficient. gtomid>," and affiuned that" the invention ought
to have been patented in 1819; but that the office is bound
to reject it now on the gtound of abandonment to the pub-
lic." It is not only the decision of the courts, but it is now
the rnlo and practice ot the Patent Office, that the with-
drawal of the return fee is not an abandonment of a claim.
The act of 1839,scction seven, provides u thateveiy pei-
son or corpoiation who has, or shall have, purchased or con-
structed any newlyinvented machine, manufacture,or com-
position of matter prior to the application by the inventor
oi discoveier for a patent, shall be held to possess the right
to use, and vend to otheis to be used, the specific machine,
manufacture, or composition of matter so made or pur-
chased, without liability theretoi to the inventor or any other
person mteiested in such invention ; and no patent shall be
field to be invalid by leason of such puichase, sale, or use
prior to the application for a patent as aforesaid, except on
proof of abandonment of such invention to the public, or
that «uch puichase, sale, or pnoruse has been for more
than two years puor to such application for a patent."
What shall constitute an abandonment is not defined by
the statute, noi have we been able to learn tbatit has been
very well settled by judicial decision. We are clear, how-
ever, that within the spirit and meaning of this law there
must be some act or neglect sufficient to denote a purpose
or intent on the pait of the inventor to surrender or relin-
quish to the public use whatever right he has m the inven-
tion, before any tribunal would be warranted in finding audi
abandonment. It is not pretended by any one that Mr.
Simpson has manifested any such puiposc oi intent, unless
the length of time of his delay amounts to such neglect.
When, however, we considei that he did make his effort,
and expended all the means he had, and the case was de-
cided against him. not on the giound of neglect or aban-
donment, but upon'the erroneous ground that his invention
was not patentable; and that he then and ever aftei wards
declared his puiposc to piosecute his claim fuither as soon
as he could raise the necessary means for that pui pose; and
that all lie did fiom that time forth was consistent with his
declared purpose that he never would yield his right, we
think no one will say there was any abandonment in the
premises.
That Mr. Simpson is the original inventor, there is now
no question. That he spent the best yeaisof lusiifein the
cffoits made by him which lesiiited in the discovery, we
aie fully satisfied. There n not, and nevei ha-  been, any
conflict of claim between him and any other person. His
invention is highly useful and important, yet no patent has
evei been gtamcd therefor either to him oi any other per-
t-on. liiko tho discovciv ot the other mean-? of applying
electricity to the u«e of man, this, loo, belongs to the
science and genius of America. It is therefoie but justice
to the Guvcunnent itself, as well as to one ot its worthy
citizens and to science, thatthis rightshould be secured to
him, and the record of this discoveiy be thus perpetuated
among the archives of the nation.
We therefore recommend the passage of the bill herewith
reported for his ichef.
Mr. HALE. I am glad that that report has
been read; and if we pass this bill, we had better
abandon the Patent Office. It seems this inventor
thinks he made this discovery some fourteen years
a go, and that he applied for a patent, and was re-
jected. I think lie applied the second time, about
twelve years ago, and it was again rejected. He
avows m the report, which I think was evidently
written by himself, that he has made one determ-
ination,and that is to prosecute the thing just ex-
actly as Ions: as he gets money to prosecute it.
Again in 3858, it seems he had another hearing
before the Commissioner. The law allows an ap-
peal from the Commissioner to the courts, which
he has not pursued. Now, sir, if Congress is
going to depart so far from what has heretofore
been the practice, as to take up this stale claim of
an invention made in the first half of this century,
before the yeaf 1850, and which has been repeat-
edly rejected by the Commissioner of Patents, and
not prosecuted by appeal in court?, we had better
