28M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
- The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a copy of the Jaws, joint resolutions, and
memorials passed at the eighth session of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Nebraska,
begun and held at Omaha City, December 2,1861;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
REPORTS OP THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the chief clerk of
the Court of Claims, communicating reports of
that court, in obedience to law, in favor of the
claim of ObadiahB. Latham and Oliver S. Latham;
the claim of the president and directors of the
Terre Haute and Richmond Railway Company;
and the claim of John H. Aulick, accompanied
by the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Obadiah B. Latham and
Oliver S. Latham;
A bill for the relief of the president and direc-
tors of the Terre Haute and Richmond Railroad
Company; and
A bill for the relief of John H, Aulick.
The reports and bills were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
APPROPRIATION FOR VOLUNTEERS' BOUNTY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is no other busi-
ness on the table of the Vice President, I should
like very much to call up a little appropriation
bill that I reported on Saturday.
Mr. WADE. 1 hope not.
Mr. FESSENDEN". It will not occupy five
minutes. It is the one I called up yesterday
morning, and which was postponed for your agri-
cultural college bill. It will occasion no discus-
sion.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II. R.
No. 4)3) making appropriations for the payment
of the bounty authorized by the sixth section of an
act entitled " An act to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and
protecting public property," approved July 22,
18GJ, and for other put poses, was considered as
in Committee.of the Whole. It appropriates fur
payment of bounty to widows, children, fathers,
mothers, brothers, and sisters of such volunteers
as may have died or been killed, or may die or be
killed, in service, authorized by the sixth section
of an act entitled " An act to authorize the em-
ployment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property," approved
July 22, 18H1, $5,000,000, or so much thereof
as may be found necessary; but it is provided that
the bounty shall be paid: first, to the widow of
the deceased soldier, if there be one; second, if
there be no widow, to the children of the deceased
soldier, share and share alike; third, if the soldier
left neither a widow nor child or children, to the
following persons, if they be residents of the
United States, to wit: first, to his mother; or if she
be dead, to the father of such soldier; and if there
be neither mother nor father to the brothers and
sisters of the deceased soldier. For compensation
of twenty additional clerks in ihe office of the
Commissioner of Pensions, to wit: ten clerks of
the first class, $12,000; five clerks of the second
class, $7,000; four clerks of the third class, $6,400;
one clerk of the fourth class, $1,800. Halso ap-
propriates the sum of $3,000, or so much thereof
as may be found necessary, for the expenses of
the committee on disloyal employes of the Gov-
ernment, appointed by resolution of the House
of Representatives, July 8, 1861. It also appro-
pi mtes the sum of §2,000 for the repair and pres-
ervation of the custom-house dt Milwaukee, Wis-
consin. It further dnects that that part of the
sixth section of the act approved July 52, 1861,
which secured to the widow, if there be one, and
if not, the legal hens of such volunteers as die or
may be killed m service, m addition to all arrears
of pay and allowances, a bounty of £>100, shall be
held to apply to those persons who have enlisted
in the regular forces since the 1st of July, 1861,
or shall enlist in the regular forces during the year
1862, and be paid to the heirs named in this act.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill with
several amendments. The first amendment of the
committee was to strike out the following clause:
For compensation of twenty additional clerks, hereby Au-
thorized to be employed m the office of the Commissioner
of Pensions, to wit: for ten clerks- of the first class, §12,000;
for five clerks of the second class, $7,000; for four clerks
o! the third class, $6,400: for one clerk ot the fourth class,
§1,800.
And to insert in lieu thereof, as an additional
section, the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted; That the Secretary of the
Interior' is authorized to employ twepty additional clerks
of the first class for the purpose of increasing temporarily
the clerical force in the office of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and that the sum of $24,000 is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the compensation of said elerks for thefi3calycar
ending June 30, 3863.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the thiid section of the bill in the fol-
lowing words:
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted. That the sum of $2,000
he, and the same is hereby, appropriated for the repair and
preservation of the custom-house at Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is provided for in
another bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out, at the end of the fifth section, the words
"any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated," and to insert in lieu thereof the words
"any money herein or hereafter appropriated for
similar bounty to volunteers*," so as to make it
read:
And that the bounties herein provided for shall be paid
out of any money herein or hereafter appiopriated for sim-
ilar bounty to volunteers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in aifd or-
dered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to
be read a third time, and it was read the third time,
and passed.
jurors' oaths.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 281)
prescribing an additional oath to be taken by grand
, and petit jurors serving in the United States
courts, have had the same under consideration,
and report it back with a recommendation that it
do not pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports are not
yet in order; but the Senator's report will be re-
ceived, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. DAVIS subsequently said: The Senator
from New York made a report from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary out of time; I did not under-
stand that the report was then received, or that
the motion to receive it was entertained, else I
would have objected to its reception out of order.
I want that report to be considei*cd as not pre-
sented, to be yet in the hands of the committee,
because 1 want the strange recommendation of the
committee reversed when the report is made. I
object to its being received in this informal man-
ner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection of
the Senator is entirely too late. The Chair stated
expressly that he would receive it if it was not
objected to, and no objection was made; and that
was half an hour ago.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear the words of the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
stated.
Mr. DAVIS. "Well, I move to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent the report may bo regarded as not having
been made.
Mr. GRIMES and others. Let it go on the
Calendar.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the report will be con-
sidered as having been made and as lying on the
table, and the Senator from Kentucky can call it
up at any time.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to reconsider the vote by
which it was received. I want to call it up as
summarily as possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair, there can be no motion to reconsider.
The Senator from New York rose in his place
and made a report. That brings it before the
i Senate. It is now before the Senate; and the Sen-
ator can move to recommit it.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I can move to take it up
at any time ?
The VICE PRESIDENT Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall move to take it up at the
first opportunity.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of the city of New York, and two petitions of cit-
izens of Seneca Falls, New York, praying for the
passageof a general uniform bankruptlaw; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of New Haven, Connecticut, praying for the total
abolition of slavery throughoutthe country; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented two petitions of women of
Ohio, stating that they believe " the cause of hu-
manity and virtue will be advanced, and future
difficulties in the national Government effectually
prevented, by the extinction of slavery through-
out our country," and praying that Congress
" will at an early day adopt such measures as
will accomplish this end;" which were ordered to
lie on thq. table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 80) authorizing the State of Minnesota
to relocate a certain railroad, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was leferred the bill (S. No.
291) providing for the issuing of process to and
the service of the same by indifferent persons,
reported it without amendment.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following order,
which was referred to the Committee on Engrossed
Bills:
Ordered, That when a bill or resolution Is oidered to be.
printed, the Secretary of the Senate shall notfumish the
ongmal to the piinter, but the same shall be kept on the
files of the Senate, and a copy furnished to the punter.
PACIFIC RAILROAD COMMITTEE.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. It is desirable, for some
reasons, to add a member to the special commit-
tee on the Pacific railroad, and I move that the
President bo authorized to appoint an additional
member.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 187) to reduce
the expenses of the survey and sale of the public
lands m the United States, with amendments.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House (No. 389) to establish cer-
tai2) post routes. «
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 317) for the benefit of Robert
Small and others; which thereupon received the
signature of the Vice President.
STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. "VVJLLEY. I hold in my hand a memorial
of the Legislature of Virginia in reference to the
division of that State, together with a certified
copy of the constitution adopted by the people
withm the limits of the proposed new State. I
desire when I present til is memorial, at the in-
stance of the commissioners who brought it here,
to accompany it with some explanatory remarks
and with a resolution; but the hour having ar-
rived for the special order of tile day, I shall not
have time now to do it. I give notice, however,
that to-morrow, with the indulgence of the Senate,
which I hope will be granted, 1 shall present these
papers and ask to be heard.
LANDS TO AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
for thishouris the bill (S. No. 298) donating pub-
lic lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of ag-
riculture and the mechanic arts. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Lane,] to amend the bill, upon
which the Senator from Minnesota is entitled to
the floor.
