1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
stitution the Senate, in a case like the present, is
the absolute judge, free to exercise its power ac-
cording to its own enlightened discretion. Itmay
justly declare a Senator unworthy of a seat in this
body on evidence defective in form, or on evidence
even which docs not constitute positive crime. A
Senator may deserve expulsion without deserving
death; for m the one case the proceeding is in
order to purge the Senate, while in the other ease
it is as a punishment of crime. The motives in
the two cases are different. But this very discre-
tion has been already exercised at this very ses-
sion, as well as the last, in the expulsion of sev-
eral Senators. And the two early precedents—the
first of William Blount in 1796, and the second of
John Smith in 1808—both proceeded on the as-
sumption that the Senate was at liberty to exer-
cise a discretion unknown to a judicial tribunal.
In the well-considered report of the committee in
the last case, prepared by John Quincy Adams,
at that time Senator, we find the following state-
ment, (Annals of Congress, Tenth Congress, vol.
3, p. 57:)
"In examining the question whether these forms of ju-
dicial pioceedmgs, orthe i ules of judicial evidence ought
to be applied to the e\eicu<e of that cenfOruil authouty
which the Senate of the United States possesses over the
conduct of its members, let us assume, as the te> t of then-
application, cither the dictates of unfettered leason, the
letter and spnit of the Constitution, or precedent?, domes-
tic or foreign, and youi committee believe that the lesult
will be the same; that the power of expelling a member
mu^t, in its natuie, be discrctionaiy, and in its cxeicise
always moie summary than the tardy process of judicial
tribunals. The power of expelling a member for miscon-
duct ruMilt^, on the piinciples of common sense, from the
interest of thu nation, that the high trust of legislation
should be invested in pure hands."
I do not stop to consider and illustrate this con-
clusion, which is thus sustained by precedent as
well as reason. It is obvious that the Senate may
act on any evidence which shall be satisfactory to
show that one of its members is unworthy of his
seat, without bringing it to the test of any rules of
law. It is true that the good name of the indi-
vidual is in question; but so also is the good name
of the Senate, not forgetting also the welfare of
the country; and if there arc generous presump-
tions of personal innocence, so also are there ir-
resistible instincts of self-defense which compel
us to act vigorously, not only to preserve the good
name of tho Senate, but also to preserve the coun-
try menaced by traitors.
The facts in the present case are few, and may
be easily stated; for, beyond certain piesump-
tions, they are of public notoriety and above all
question. Indeed, the whole case can be pre-
sented as plainly and as unanswerably as a math-
ematical proposition or a diagram in geometry.
On the 6th November, of the last year, Abra-
ham Lincoln, of Illinois, was elected President.
The election was in every respect constitutional;
and yet, in violation of all the obligations of the
Constitution, and all the duties of patriotism, a
movement was instantly organized in the slave
States to set aside this election by acts of conven-
tions, if possible; but by violence, if necessary.
The movement began in South Carolina, a State
always mad with treason; and before the 1st of Jan-
uary then next succeeding, this State had formally
disconnected itself from the Union, renounced the
national Government, and ranged itself in oj^en
rebellion. Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and
Louisiana followed, declaring themselves also in
open tebellion; and the precise object of this rebel-
lion was to form a newgovernment, whose corner-
stone should be slavery. The Senators of these
States, one after the other, abandoned their seats
in this body, announcing their determination to
return to their respective homes, and leaving be-
hind menaces of war, should any attempt be made
to arrest their wicked purposes.
Meanwhile, military preparations were com-
menced by the repel States, who made haste to
take military possession of forts and other prop-%
erty belonging to the national Government within
their borders. Already, before the 1st of January,
the palmetto flag was raised over the custom-house
and post office "at Charleston; it was also raised
over Cattle Pmckney and Port Moultrie, in the
harbor of Charleston, which, with a small national
force, surrendered to the rebels, while the national
armory, containing many thousand stand of arms
and military stores, was occupied by rebel troops,
in the name of South Carolina. At Charleston,
everything at this time assumed the front of war.
The city was converted into a camp. The small
garrison under Major Anderson, after retreating
from Fort Moultrie to FortSumter, was besieged
in the latter fortress. Powerful batteries were
erected at different points, in order to sustain the
siege. From one of these batteries, on the 9th of
January, a shot was fired at the United States
steamship Star of the West, with the national flag
at her masthead, bearing reinforcements for the
garrison, and the discoinfited steamship put back
to New York. Tho darling desire was to capture
Fort Sumter, and vaiious plans were devised for
this purpose. One rebel proposed to take the fort
by floating to it rafts piled with burning tar-bar-
rels, thus, as was said, " attempting to smoke the
American troops out as you would smoke a rab-
bit out of a hollow." Another was for filling
bombs with prussic acid, and sending them among
the national troops. Another thought that it
might be taken without bloodshed — through sil-
ver rather than shell—simply by offering to each
soldier ten dollars of rebel money. Another pro-
posed a floating battery, through which, under
the protection of the guns from the stationary bat-
teries,and with the assistance of an armed fleet, an
attack might be made, while from some conven-
ient point a party of sharpshooters might pick off
the garrison, man by man, and thus give an op-
portunity to scale the walls. But such a storm-
ing, it was admitted, could be accomplished only
at a fatal sacrifice of life, and it was finally de-
termined that the better way was by a protracted
siege and by starvation. Such, at this early day,
were the propositions discussed in Charleston,
and through the journals there advertised to the
country.
The same spirit of rebellion, animating similar
acts, appeared in the other rebel States. On the
3d of January, 1861, Fort Pulaski, a fortress of
considerable strength near Savannah, was occu-
pied by rebel troops of Geoigia, acting undei ordeis
from the rebel Governor. On the 4th of January
the national arsenal at Mobile, with arms, bariels
of powder, and other munitions of war, was seized
by rebel troops of Alabama; and so, also, was
Fort Morgan on the same day. On the 11th of Jan-
uary the marine hospital, two miles below New
Orleans, was seized by rebel troops of Louisiana,
and the patients of the hospital, numbering two
hundred and sixteen, were ordered away in order
to make quarters for the rebels; thus repeating the
indefensible atrocity of Napoleon when, near Dres-
den, he seized an insane asylum for his^ troops, and
setitsinmatesloose, saying "Turn out the mad."
On the 12th of January Fort Barrancas and the
navy-yard at Pei^acola, with oil its ordnance
stores, was obliged to surrender to armed rebels
of Florida and Alabama, the commandant report-
ing to the national Government: "Having no
means of resistance, I surrendered, and hauled
down my flag." On the 24th of January the na-
tional arsenal at Augusta, in Geoigia, also surren-
dered upon the demand of the rebel Governor. On
the 31st of January the national branch mint, con-
taining §389,000, and the national sub-Treasury,
containing £122,000, were seized at New Orleans
by the rebel authorities. Such, most briefly told,
arc some of the positive incidents of actual war
through which the rebellion became manifest. And
you do not forget that, throughout this anxious
period, while these things were occurring, the na-
tional capita! was menaced by the rebels, especially
to disperse Congress, to drive away the national
Government, and to seize the national archives.
Nor can vou forget that our patriot Commander-
in-Chief,'Lieutenant General Scott, under the ex-
igencies of the time, changed his headquarters
from New York to Washington, where he gave his
best powers to the national defense—organizing
the local militia, summoning the national troops,
planting cannon, and m every way preparing to
meet tlip threatened danger.
Meanwhile these rebel States, having declared
their separation from tho national Government,
and having forcibly seized its strongholds and
other property within their borders, proceeded to
constitute themselves into a confederacy, under
the title of the confederate States. Their consti-
tution was adopted on the 8th of February, and
the same day Jefferson Davis, of Mississippi, was
elected president and commander-in-chief of the
armies,'and Alexander II. Stephens, of Georgia,
vice president. Shoitly afterwards, on the 21st
February, the president of the rebellion nomin-
ated a cabinet, in which Toombs, of Georgia, was
secretary of State; Memroinger, of South Caro-
lina, was secretary of the treasury; and Walker,
of Alabama, was secretary of war. To this ex-
tent had the rebellion gone. It was no longer a
mere conspiracy; no longer a simple purpose; no
longer a mere outbreak; l)ut it was an organized-
body, or rather several organized bodies massed
into one, and possessing all the character and sub«-
stance of government; but do not forget that it was
a rebel government, set in motion by a conspiracy
and now sustained by a declared rebellion, which
openly disowned the national Government, openly
seized thonationalforts,andopenlydishonorecl the
national flag. Of this flagrant rebellion Jefferson
Davis became now the chosen chicf, as he had
been already for a long time the animating spirit.
In him the rebellion was now incarnate. He was
not merely its civil head, but also its military head.
It was he who made cabinets, commanded armies,
and gathered munitions of war. His voice and
his hand were the voice and the hand of the rebel-
lion itself. By his own eminent participation and
the superadded choice of the rebels he had become
its chief, as much as the Pretender was the chief
of the disastrous rebellion in Great Britain, crushed
on the field of Culloden—as much as Satan him-
self, when seated on his throne and rallying his
peers of state, was the chief of an earlier rebellion.
That transcendent outrage, in itself the culmi-
nation of the rebellion, destined to arouse at last
a forbearing people, had not yet occurred; but it
was at hand. Fort Sumter had not been openly
assailed; but the hostile batteries were ready, and
the hostile guns were pointed; simply waiting the
word of rebel command, which was not yet given.
It was precisely at this moment, on the 1st of
March, 1861, that Jesse D. Bright, at the time a
Senator of the United States, addressed the fol-
lowing letter to the chief of the rebellion:
Washington, March 1, 186J.
My Dt.au Sir: Allow me to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my friend Thomas iJ. Lincoln, of Texas. He visits
your capital, mainly to dispose of what he regards a great
improvement m lire-arms. I commend Jnm to your favoi-
able consideration nsa gentleman of the first lespectability,
and lehabJe in every respect.
Very truly yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the. Conjcderalc States.
And now, before considering the letter, look
well at the parties.and their respective positions.
It is written by a person at the time a Senator,
and addressed to a person at the time chief of the
rebellion, in behalf of an unknown citizen, the
owner of a great improvement in fire-arms. It is
proper to add as an additional fact which will not
bo questioned, that the writer had been for along
time m notorious personal relations with the no-
torious authors of the rebellion, especially with
Jefferson Davis and with John Slidell; that he
had notoriously sympathized with them in those
barbarous pretensions for slavery which consti-
tute the origin and mainspring of this rebellion,
and that he had always voted with them m tho
Senate. All this is notorious, and if the old
maxim, noscitur a sociis, or, according to our fa-
miliar English, "a man is known by the com-
pany he keeps," be not entirely rejected, then
this inquiry must commence with a presumption
against such an intimate associate of the rebels.
But, while looking at the writer, we must not
forget the humble citizen who was intrusted with
this letter. It is a fact, as I understand, that lie
has been since arrested for treason, and is now in
the hands of the law charged with the highest
crime known to justice, while the writer of the
letter still occupies a seat in the Senate. Perhaps
this is only another illustration of the saying of
antiquity, that the law is a cobweb, which holds
the weak, but which the poweiful bieak through
with impunity. The agent is now in custody; the
principal is still in tho Senate. So much at present
with regard to the parties.
Next comes the letter itself; and here mark, if
you please, first, the date, which is the 1st of
March. This was at the very moment when the
rebellion was completely organized and had as-
sumed at all points the undisguised front of war.
By various acts of war, it had forcibly dispos-
sessed the national Government of all its military
posts in the whole extensive region, except Fort
Sumter and Fort Pickens, which it held in siege,
while, by other formal acts, it had assumed to dis-
possess the national Government ofali jurisdiction,
civil or military, throughout this.region. That
