1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. "WILKINSON. I ask that the amendment
be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is to
insert at the enu of section two:
Jini frouidad further, Tlmt not more than one million
acres shall be located !>y such assignees in any one of the
. Stales: .torf prodded further, That no such locations sliall
be made before one year from the passage of this act.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, if this bill
is to pass, I hope that amendment will be adopted.
I shall vote for the amendment, but shall oppose
the bill whether the amendment be adopted or not.
It will obviate some of the objections to the bill
if the amendment should be adopted. I regret
that the necessity exists which compels me to
oppose the passage of this bill. 1 regret this for
several reasons. In the first place, among the
friends of this measure, those who seem to take
the deepest interest in its success, are many of the
warmest and truest friends of the new States, those
who have stood by them in their infancy, and
have advocated every measure which was calcu-
lated to encourage emigration, and add to the rapid
settlement and development of the State which I
in part represent. That is the case with the Sen-
ator fiom Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] And then, again,
the purposes for which this donation of lands is
asked are such as my judgment approves. The
establishrnentof agricultuinl colleges in our coun-
try must meet the approval of all thinking men.
And I will take this opportunity to say that I will,
upon all proper occasions and by all proper means,
encourage such institutions whenever 1 can do so
without material prejudice to the interests of the
people T represent.
The Senator from Iowa, who spoke in favor of
this measure on Saturday last, said:
"The only injuiy that the new States can possibly snfler
from the parage of this bill that liu^c qii.uiuui-.s of the
land snip issued to the old States may be piocuicd by land
speculators, and located on huge bodies ot land in the new
States and held for large prices, thus ictaidtng settlements
and jnipiovements."
Now, sir, that is just the reason why I oppose
this bill. It will put scrip calling for nine mil-
lions two hundred and seventy thousand acres of
land into the hands of land speculators, who, con-
sulting their own interests only, will locate it upon
the most valuable public lands in the West, and
hold it until it is made valuable through the labors
of the settlers who occupy lands adjacent to it.
Nothing has retarded the settlement of the new
States so much as the pernicious system of land
speculation which has pievniled in the country
for the last twenty years. It has materially af-
fected the industry as well as the morals of the
nation, and has evei operated most injuriously
upon the poorer classes of the West. It has af-
fected the laboring men. What the land specu-
lator makes upon the rise of his lands is wrung
from the hard labor and incessant toil of the hon-
est but poor settlers upon the public land.
The first settlers in a Territory are those upon
whom rest the heavy burdens of organizing new
municipal governments and of laying the founda-
tions of the State. They are obliged to endure
everything, and to suffer everything, waiting pa-
tiently for the tune to come when the vacant acres
around them shall be settled by industrious and
thrifty neighbors, who will share with them the
'sacrifices incident to the settlement and organiza-
tion of new States.
What the new States and Territories most want
is people to settle upon their lands. Landsare of
do value to them; but they want population, in-
dustrious, thnfty, virtuous people to settle within
their borders; and when such a population is ac-
quired there need be no fears as to the future pros-
perity of the State. And, sir, without this popu-
lation there will be no advancement, no prosperity
worth mentioning.
I think my honorable friend from Iowa is en-
tirely mistaken when he says, speaking of the
injury which arises from these lands passing into
the hands of speculators:
" This is the only possible injury tliat the passage of the
bill etui inflict on the now States. And this evil brings
with it an inevitable advantage: as soon as thetitie passes
front the United Status, the "land will be subject to taxa-
tion. Befote it cntfied it cannot be taxed. In this  e-
spcct the location of tin* senp in any new State will be an
advantage to its tax payers, a^ it will augment the amount
of taxable pioperty.'5
The right to tax the unoccupied lands of spec-
ulators brings with it no corresponding advan-
tage. The property of non-residents cannot be
taxed higher than that of residents; and while the
farm of the settler must be assessed at its real
value, including ali the improvements which have
been.put upon it, together with all his personal
property, so must the unsettled lands of the spec-
ulator be assessed at the nominal value of $1 25
per acre. And then, again: I think it is the ex-
perience of all western men that 110 great reliance
can be placed upon the taxes to be collected upon
the lands of non-residents.
But, sir, it is alleged, and with a good deal of
force, that the new States have no right to object
to this measure, when we take into consideration
the great piivileges which have been extended to
them.
The honorable Senator from Iowa read from an
abstract, which he obtained from the Land Officc,
showing the large amount of land which had been
granted to the new States for school purposes. I
think he said that the aggregate amount of forty-
nine millions seven hundred and fifiy-four thou-
sand six hundred and six acres of land had in the
last four years been reserved from sale for school
purposes. In the State of Minnesota two sections
in each township were, by the provisions of the
act organizing theTerritory,reservedfortheben-
efit of common schools. But the donation was
not made to the State of Minnesota, because at the
time the organic act of that Territory was passed
there were scarcely any people there. It was a
reservation not for the benefit of the few stragglers
who at that time had settled there, but it was made
for fhe whole people of iho United States. Maine
was as much interested in that donation as Wis-
consin or Illinois, and New England more than
any other portion of the country, bccause it was
to be the future home of the young men of Maine
and Vennont, and others of the older States.
And when the Senators and Representatives
from the old States voted to reserve one eighteenth
of the public lands foi school pui poses, they wisely
secured a fund for the education of their own chil-
dren. It was for their benefit that this icservation
was made. Indeed, it was made for the benefit
of the whole country, and not for any particular
portion of it. I think that there is nothing to be
found in the legislation of Congress since the or-
ganization of the Government of which the entire
people may feel so proud as that which provided
so liberally for the support of common schools.
Ilence, while I admit that the facts lefened to
by the honorable Senator from Iowa aieas he
stated them, so far as relates to the amount of lands
reserved in the several States, still 1 think that the
argument which he intended to deduce from them
is wrong. I think that the policy of provding
liberally for the supportof common schools in the
Territories and States to be built up within the
unoccupied tenitones of the United States, is a
matter of great national concern and of great na-
tional benefit. I think, therefore, that the Senator
from Iowa mistakes when he confines the benefits
arising from these grants of land for school pur-
poses to the narrow limits of the State or Terri-
tory wherein they may happen to be located.
These grants should not be charged to the new
States alone, for the benefits have been enjoyed
by all alike.
But, sir, it is said that the Government now has
a vast amount of unoccupied and unappropriated
public land, amounting to more than one thousand
millions of acres, and that the amount appropii-
ated by this bill, being a little less than ton mil-
lions of acres, is comparatively trivial. This is
true if the amount herein appropriated conld be
equally distributed, as the common school lands
are distributed. But, sir, this will not be the case.
The scrip authorized by this bill will pass into
the hands of speculators, a remorseless class of
vompires, who care little for the common pros-
perity of the countiy, and still less for the cause
of education. These men will not locate their
sci ip upon the arid plains of Dakota or Nebraska,
thirty or forty miles from water, and as many
from timber, because such would not be a profit-
able investment; but they will locate it where the
land around them is partially settled, and where
the lands selected by them will bo suddenly en-
hanced in value through the labor ot the actual
settlers upon the adjacent lands. Minnesota would
be searched from one end of the State to the other
by the holdeis of this scrip, and every vacant tract
would be located at opefe, and withdrawn from
settlement and occupation.
The practical effect of this measure would be
to negative or counteract the salutary result which
we all hone will grow out of the passage of the
homestead bill. t ... I
I want the lands within the limits of Minuesdta
reserved for actual settlers. I am opposed to all
these schemes appropriating the public lands ex-
cept where they are made for the benefit of com-
mon schools*, because, having seen much of the
effects they produce, I am fully convinced that the
policy is bad, and produces only mischief and
fraud and corruption.
In 1856, I think, Congress passed an actgrant-
ing to Minnesota a large amount of land for rail-
road purposes. It was intended to aid in the con-
struction of railroads running in almost every
direction through the State. The lands along the
lines of these several contemplated roads were
reserved from settlement.
Now, while I acknowledge the liberality of
Congress in making this grant, still my; belief is
that, since the organization of the Territory, no
one act of Congress has done Minnesota so little
good and so much injury as that. And if I could
have my way, I would say to the Government,
" take back the grant and give the land to actual
settlers, under the provisions of the homestead
law."
These schemes are all calculated to corrupt the
people, encouiage speculation and fraud, and sel-
dom do good to any one. The West has suffered
very much through the influence of speculation,
and I hoped, when the homestead bill became a
law, that these operations would cease; but no
sooner does that wise measure pass, and before it
can take effect, (for I think it does not go into
effect until Janiuuy, 18G3,) you introduce another
scheme i n order, it possible, to counteract the good
effects of the homestead law. Besides, I greatly
doubt whether the States receiving this grunt will
profit very much from the donation if it is made.
Schemes will be set on foot by designing men
to obtain the scrip, and the States themselves will
realize but very little from it. Besides, it will
allow the holders of the scrip to secure the best
lands, so that the volunteers serving in the war
will be deprived of them. Wo have now six hun-
dred thousand young men in the Army; they are
likely to be there two years. If you issue this
scrip, a remorseless setof men will go upon every
foot of valuable ground they can lay their hands
on, and when tiie.se young men are disbanded
from the Army where will they find homes, where
will they find their homesteads? You drive them
from every tenable location, from everyone where
they could getgood homes adjacent to settlements,
because they will all be taken up by this scrip. It
is an unfair measure to the soldiers who might
avail themselves of the benefits of the homestead
law. It is unfair to the new States, because it is
picking up their vacant lands and holding them
from the market, and, in my judgment, it will do
but very little good in the end.
But above all, itwill encourage speculation and
fraud, and corruption in men in getting posses-
sion of this scrip from the States. Take the in-
stance of the State of Rhode Island, which my
friend behind mcrepresents. Doesanybody sup-
pose that Rhode Island will do much in the agri-
cultural business, that she will take any very great
interest m an agricultural college. She is a State
very rich in manufactures, but a State which, m
lSuO, raised only forty-nine bushels of wheat, I
think about enough to make a tablespoonful for
each man, woman, and child in the State. She is
probably the richest State in the Union m propor-
tion to her population. She is rich because there
is more wealth there; but that weal this employed
in another direction, not in agriculture. Nov/,
suppose that some sharp fellow in Rhode Island
should get the Legislature to pass a law by which
he could get the whole of her one hundred and
twenty thousand acres of land under this bill,
what would be the result? I do not believe the
State will profit by it very much, nor do I believe
that most of the States will receive any corre-
sponding advantage.
I am opposed to the passage of the measure.
I hope, however, that the amendment will be
adopted, m ordei lhat, if the bill is passed, the
evil of allowing large quantities to be located in
any one State will be prevented.
