1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1435
Mr. HOItTON. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing paragraph:
On emtio coal oil or tar, produced by the distillation of
coal, as-phnltum, Mmle. peat, ami othei b,uiiiuuou  sub-
stance-. u-ed for like imrpo-cs, .md on crude pctioJeum or
look oil, five cents per gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
On coal 01] 01 illuminating oil, refined, produced by the dis-
tillation ot coal, asphaUun), shale, peal, petioleum", or lock
oil, and nil other bituminous subi-tanees u^ed for like pur-
poses, when the same fiom any cause has not been chargod
with the duty in a ciudc atate, ten cents per gallon.
Mr. HOItTON. I move to strike out the words
"oil or," so it will read "on coal illuminating
oil;" strike oat the words " when the same from
any cause has not been charged with the duty in
the crude state," and add at the end of the para-
graph the following:
Provided, That oil refiner! and produced by distillation ot
eoal exclusively shall be subject to and pay a duty ot eight
cents per gallon, anything in tins act to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether it is the design of the Committee of
Ways and Means to provide for a drawback in
the case of this oil being exported from the coun-
try ?
Mr. HOItTON. We propose to allow a draw-
hack upon all rxportations.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Then wn can ask nothing
further.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Would it not be proper
to insert in the proviso before the word "oil"
the word " such;" so that it will read, "Provided,
that such oil," &c.?
Mr. HOItTON. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to strike
out " ten cents" and in lieu thereof to insert " fif-
teen cents," to test the sense of the committee
on it, believing, as I do, from information I have
received from several quarters, that this article of
refined oil will bear a higher tax than ten cents.
The amendment was rejected, there being, on
a division—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to insert
after the word " oil," the words " naphtha, ben-
zinc, or benzole."
Mr. IIORTON. I oppose the amendment. I
will state, for the infoimatiori of the committee,
that the articles mentioned in the amendment of
the gentleman from California, as the result of the
distillation or refining of petroleum or rock oil,
are worth little. They are the refuse of the dis-
tillation of petroleum, and are used as a substitute
for spirits of turpentine, when we cannot get that
article from our neighbors of North and South
Carolina. Three per cent, is more than they can
afford to pay. You can buy any quantity of them
for one half of this tax.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I have been in-
formed by manufacturers that it was proper to
embrace these articles here. I have no disposi-
tion unnecessarily to press this amendment. So
far as this oil is concerned, 1 understand that it
can he obtained at a loss price than the tax upon
it. I believed that the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York ought to have been adopted.
I think it can bear a heavier duty than fifteen cents,
and then be the cheapest burning fluid in the
country.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read the following:
On spirits redistilled, mixed with other liquors or mate-
 ials, or adulterated, or prepared in any wuj to be r-old
brandv, gw, wine, or byanv other name, twenty-tivo cents
per aa 11 on. on the bas>i* ot first pioof, and m> in piopoition
loi au\ gie.iter Hicngrh than the stiength oi iii 4 pi out'.
Mr. IIORTON. I move to sti ike out the words
" redistilled " and "adulterated, or;'" insert the
word " whisky " befoie the word " buuuly," and
strike out the word " twenty;" so that if will read
" five cents per gallon," &c. Mr. Chairman, the
committee concluded to offer this amendment for
the reason that a duty on redistillation would be
a double duty on alcohol. We think that the tax
of fifteen cents a gallon, or thirty cents a gallon
on alcohol is sufficient; and those persons who in-
dulge in mixed liquors will have to pay five cents
m addition to what is paid on simple whisky.
Mi. WiCKLIFFE. Does the committee pro-
pose any change in the bill in reference to the tax
upon original distilled whisky?
, Mr. HORTON. The committee are of the
opinion that the duty now proposed is what it can
bear.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. t understand that the
proposition is to reduce the duty on rectified
whisky, that miserable stuff which kills almost
quicker than* the original article. If any article
ought to be taxed high, it is this very article of
rectified whisky. Whisky adulterated is the proper
expression, and it ought to be retained in the bill.
It is proposed that we shall pay upon the original
distillation of whisky fifteen cents pergallon. That
is a tax which readies the producer, and falls
especially upon the man who grows the corn and
the rye which are distilled into whisky; and when
it gets into the hands of the speculators and adul-
terators of whisky, they are only taxed five cents
per gallon. If the producers are taxed fifteen
ccnts, then these adulteiators ought to be taxed a
like amount.
Mr. HORTON. We agree with the gentleman
from Kentucky, but we have put this tax up to
the revenue standard. This is a practical ques-
tion, and while I would like to get all the revenue
we could from this source, I tlnnk that we have
imposed all the tax that we can get. If we put'it
at five cents we will collect it, but if we put it
higher we will collect nothing.
Mr. LO VEJOY, I move to strike out the word
((redistilled," and insert " rectified." Now, sir,
if I understand that word redistilled it means just
this, to wit: the process by which high wines or
raw spirits from the still is made into alcohol for
manufacturing, mechanical, and* medicinal pur-
poses. In redistillation, the oil which enters in
as an ingredient in the products of the still is sep-
arated from the alcohol or pure spirits. Rectify-
in$ is another process. This is done by mixing
water with the raw product of the still and then
filleting it through charcoal. All that is rectified
in this way is made into different kinds of liquor
for drinking purposes. Rectified spirits, there fine,
ought to bear the tax, and not'that which is used
for other purposes than that of drinking. I am
told that only fifteen per cent, of the high wines
is used to manufacture any kind of beverages, and
that the rest is used for manufacturing and other
purposes. It dissolves thp gums used in making
hats, and sets the colors that adorn our prints. 1
may say also, that I am informed that Illinois
manufactuies one third of the high wines made in
the United States. There ought, I think, to be
also some drawback on the loss which high wines
sustain in going to market.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the word
"redistilled," in line forty-two; so that the clause
shall read:
On spirit^ mixed with other liquors or materials,or adul-
teiated or prepaied m any way to be sold a.s.1uandy, gm,
wine, or by any othei name, twenty-live cents per gallon,
on the baMs of tii^t pi oof, and so in proportion for any
greatei >tiength than the strength of fn^t pi oof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend by insert-
ing the word " rectified "after the word " spirits."
Mr. WADSWORTH.' I would inquire of the
Chair if the words "prepaied m any way" do
not include rectified spnits?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot say.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Well, that is my ob-
jection to the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mi. HORTON. I move to amend by striking
out the words *£ or adulterated."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIORTON. I move to amend by inserting
the word " whisky" before the word " biandy,"
in line foity-four.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "name" the words " not other-
wise piovided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIORTON. I move to amend by striking
out " twentv-five," and inserting " five."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If I have kept
the run of this matter, as amendments have been
made and'adopted, it strikes me that gentlemen
have got their bill into a shape which they will
not cx'VHly like themselves. Having struck out
the woid " redistilled," and refused to insert the
woi d " rectifiedthey have left, as I catch it fiom
the amendments^hich have been hastily made,
that part of spirits which is used and known as
whisky, pure and unmixed, entirely without any
increase of taxation above spirits or high wines.
I agree with my colleague, and insist that pure
spirits, high wines, which enter into the arts for
manufacturingpurposes very considerably,should
not be taxed so high; while I was willing, and
am now, to tax, to a greater extent, that which
becomes a beverage. Now mark that spirits do
not become a beverage until they are rectified, and
when they are rectified they become an article
used as a drink; and yet it is unmixed liquor. It is
pure whisky rectified. It is not what is known as
mixed liquor. I repeat, that wo ought to tax rec-
tified spirits higher than we do high wines, for
the reason that all rectified whisky is used entirely,
or nearly so, as a beverage; while high wines are
used very much for mechanical purposes; and as
it is distilled into alcohol it is used in the same
way, and almost exclusively. All I make this
suggestion for is, that gentlemen who have charge
of this bill may look over the amendments they
have made, and see to it that they do not leave
out the article of rectified whisky, which is used
almost exclusively as a beverage, from the in-
creased taxation which they put upon mixed and
adulterated liquors.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would call the
attention of the gentleman from Illinois to the lan-
guage of the section as already amended in the
forty-third line. As amended, it reads, "orpre-
pared in any way to be sold as whisky, brandy,
gin, wine, or by any other name." I think that
covers the objection of the gentleman.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
sees the difficulty in which he will be placed. It
will read, "on spirits, mixed with other liquors
or materials, or prepared in any way to be sold
as brandy,gin, wine, or by any other name." Do
I understand that the word " whisky"is inserted
before " brandy ?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has been
inserted there.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then that will
leave the section open to the difficulty of con-
struction as to whether the liquor is adulterated
or mixed and prepared to be sold as whisky, or
whether it is whisky itself. He will find that dif-
ficulty of construction, and the easiest way to ob-
viate that is to say " rectified whisky." Then it
will be named so that every gentleman will know
what is meant. I am in favor of taxing mixed
liquor sold as brandy, prepared gin, &c., higher
than spirits.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
the amendment, by making the tax six cents per
gallon. I suppose the amendment offered by the
committee will prevail, as the recommendations
of that committee generally do, and as they gen-
erally ought to; but 1 wish to say that the reason
given by the committee to my colleague is not
satisfactory to my mind, and that is, that it will
be impracticable to collect the proposed tax of
twenty-five cents. If that be a valid leason for
introducing this amendment, the same reason wilt
be found to apply to a large class of manufactures
which can escape assessment with equal facility.
I am of opinion—and it is a mere matter of opin-
ion, upon which gentlemen must form their own
judgments as well as they can by their observa-
tion—that it will be practicable to collect the tax
now assessed by the bill, for the reason that the
class of products which is indicated in this para-
graph is a vci y large interest in this country, un-
fortunately. The men who produce it are not
only numerous, but their productions, in the ag-
gregate, are enormous. They, therefore, cannot
very readily find those places of cover and con-
cealment which will enable them to escape the
eye of the officers whom the law has provided to
make this assessment.
But, sir, my great objection is, that while this
is an enormous interest, it is, I venture to say to
the committee, of all the interests which will be
seized upon by this tax, the one above all others
that is most able to pay this assessment. Why,
sir, in reference to this production, the price of
twelve and a half cent whisky, when converted
into brandy, is raised from one dollar to three dol-
lars a gallon. The profit is enormous, and it is
simply because it is one of those articles appeal-
ing to the appetites of men which will always be
gratified, that enables these manufacturers to pro-
duce m enormous quantities, and to sell atenor-
