2396
THE COtfGltESSlOJSTAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. L ANE, of Kansas. I understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio to state that he was willing to ac-
ceptan amendment that would secure to the States
only the location of their proportion of this grant..
Am I correct in that ?
Mr. WADE. I did intimate to the Senator that
I would have no particular objection to an amend-
ment of that kind; but on reflection I am inclined
to think that it would interfere with the disposi-
tion of the grant. It would be difficult to come
at it; and that is my only objection to it. I do
not expect any undue proportion of the land will
be located in any particular State.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hold in my hand a
statement from the General Land Office, showing
the amount of public lands in the United States
to be fourteen hundred and sixty-two millions of
acres. Kansas has of that quantity forty-four
millions of acres. Her proportion under this bill
would be one twenty fifth of the grant, less than
five hundred thousand acres. The amendment
that I propose doubles that. That is to say, the
Senators from Kansas propose that Kansas shall
take one million, although her proper proportion
is only about four hundred thousand acres.
THE TAX BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Themorninghour
having expired, the special order of the day, the
unfinished business of yesterday, is before the
Senate. The bill (H. R. No. 312) to provide in-
ternal revenue to suppoi t theGovernment and pay
the interest on the public debt, is before the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, and the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] to strike out the fourth
clause of the sixtieth section, page 66, in the fol-
lowing words:
Retail dealer in liquon, including distilled spirits, fer-
mented liquor*, and \vmes of eveiy de^citption, shall pay
twenty dollar lor each license, Evety poison who shall
sell, or offer i<n sale, such liquor in h-st. quantities than
three gallons at one tune, to the >ame pmehasci, shall bo
icgauled a* a ictail deaiei m liquors under tlu-> net. But
tins .shall nor authorize any spiiitf. liqtioi.s, wines, or malt
liquors, to be drank on the promises.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to say that I am in
favor of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts. 1 noticed when we passed
over this bill, in considering tho amendments of
the Committee on Finance, that the fourth clause,
on the 6GUi page, proposed to license people to sell
rum and whisky, and it proposed to license every-
body who would apply; there was no restriction
against it; and it proposed to go against the sys-
tem that had boon inauguiated in very many of
the States, not to have any licenses. I know very
well that thai is provided against in some meas-
ure in another section of the bill; but at the same
time, to my mind, this is a kind of sanction to the
retail traffic in intoxicating drinks, and it has none
of the safeguards that the States usually throw
around it. They require that the man who shall
be allowed to sell liquor shall have some character;
and, in many of the States, the county commis-
sioners, or the court who have charge of this mat-
ter, usually decide what number the public good
requites; and they are allowed to license as many
as, accotding to their view of the matter, the public
good, in any given neighborhood, may require.
For my part, I have behoved for many years that
the public good did not require anything of the
kind; but 1 do not propose in this discussion to ar-
gue that. I shall confine myself to showing, first,
that this interferes with the regulation of the
States; secondly, that it is in conflict with two or
three acts of Congress; and thirdly, that it gives
encouragement to ;t tiaflic that is entirely immoral.
Now,'sir, that this proposed system of giving
licenses for twenty dollars will inteifeie with the
regulation of this system in the States is perfectly
evident. In the State ofNew Yoik and in almost
all the States, they csrcumseribo and limit this
traffic as much as they can. They never allow an
abandoned man, a man who has been so God-
forsaken and abandoned that he has barely kept
out of piison, to have a license to sell intoxicating
liquors; but if you will refer to the fifty-fourth
section of this bill, you will see that it reads:
That every licence which is authnuzed oi requited to ho
taken out by tiu  aet t>lmU bo gi.uited.
In other words, evciy pcison who wishes it is
to have license, not only in the States but m the
T^nitories also; although yon have a law, which
has been on record since 1837—at anv rate a great
many years—entirely prohibiting this traffic in
the Territories.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word will answer the
Senator and I might just as well say it here. This
bill does not say that any person may have a li-
cense who applies for it. It says that no person
who docs not have a license shall sell. Now, if
there is alaw of Congress that it shall not be sold
in a particular place that law remains, and there
will be no license granted authorizing it there.
Mr. POMEROY. My point is simply this: it
does not discriminate at all in regard to the char-
acter of the persons that are licensed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The States can do it, and
the United States can do it, subject to the State
laws.
Mr. POMEROY. The United States can do
it; but this bill does not provide for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill cannot go on
and provide for the States with regard to these
details. It only provides for the licenses, and
leaves the whole matter subject to any legislation
which the States may have already made, or may
see fit hereafter to make. We cannot prescribe
a system of rules and regulations for the business
of the States. We have enough to do without
that. That would take another book just as big
as this.
Mr. POMEROY. As I understand it, there is
nothing to prevent an individual, in any town or
village, who has been prohibited a license by its
authorities, from applying for and obtaining a
license under this bill.
Mr.'FESSENDEN. If the law of the State
says that no peison shall be licensed to sellkquor
cxcept such as may be licensed to do so by the
selectmen of the town, those are the only men
who can be licensed under this act; because it is
subject to the State laws.
Mr. POMEROY. The selectmen of the town
may have this matter in charge in New England;
perhaps they do 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, who ever has it by
the laws of the State.
Mr. POMEROY. In all the towns in the West
the mattei is left to the provisions contained in
their chrti ters.
Mr, FESSENDEN. That is the law of the
State.
Mr. POMEROY. Someofthem license; others
do not: but they always guard it, and throw around
it as much protection as they can, and grant as
few licenses as they can. Now we propose, in
addition, to grant a license for twenty dollars. The
sum is no consideration compared to the amount
of mischief a license may do in a community. If
the design of these licenses is to compensate the
community for the mischief they do, if it is thought
that a license of this character will make the com-
munity whole fiom the corruption ,drunlcenness,
and misery that they cause, the amount bears no
comparison to tiie evil. For one, I believe that
Congress, instead of giving any kind of sanction
to the retailing of liquor, should prohibit it, as we
have among the soldiers. This license system ap-
plies to the District of Columbia as well as to the
States and Territories, and I do not know but
under it men might obtain a.license here to sell to
soldiers, and to sell indiscriminately, and thus de-
range, as rum drinking always docs, the entire
Army of the nation. Almost every court-martial
we have had, and every difficulty that has arisen
among our soldiers, has been, either directly or
indirectly, in consequence of whisky having been
sold among them. For one, I must be excused
from giving the least sanction to such a traffic. I
cannot do it.
Sir, 1 know that the friends of temperance
throughout the countiy have everywhere labored
against this licensc system. Ten years ago, the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] and
myself were members of the Legislatuie of that
State, and then every ruinscller m Boston clam-
oicd for a license. That was th^ir religion, their
god. If they could get a license, it was all they
wanted. They deprecated nothing so much as
being deprived of a license. Why? A license
gives a kind of sanction to the business, makes the
tiafllc, which in that community as well as in al-
most eveiy other, is disreputable, popular. The
man who has a license walks the streetand says,
" I have got a license from the Government of the
United States; 1 pay twenty dollars for selling as
much liquor as 1 can find men to buy, to sell it
indiscriminately, and to sell it to everybody who
chooses to take it and be drunk." The man who
pays his twenty dollars can go about the commu-
nity with perfect impunity, and can make as many
widows and orphans and produce as much pov-
erty, degradation, and crime, as he chooses. He
has paid twenty dollars for the privilege of doingit.
Mr. COWAN. I wish the Senator would allow
me to ask him whether this tax is not a burden,
upon the retailer, rather that an authority to him
to increase the business.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is a God-send to
the retailer. It is the very thing he has been
wanting.
Mr. COWAN. It is only to be imposed upon
those who are licensed by the States that allow
licenses.
Mr. POMEROY. This is not confined to those
who are licensed by the States.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly it is.
Mr. POMEROY. In order to get this license,
a man is not obliged to get first a license from the
State. There is not that safeguard thrown about
it. That is what I am complaining of. The most
abandoned men, men who are refused licenses by
the States, may come forward under this bill, pay
twenty dollars, and get a license. You may not
be able to grant licenses where the States do not
license, but there is no restriction here that there
shall be no more licenses than the States grant.
What I complain of is that it is opening a llood-
gateof intemperance. ThatiswhatI believe about
it. Where the States have curtailed the business,
stopped it or confined it to a few, made it disrep-
utable and unpopular, we now come forward and
say, if you pay twenty dollars you can go on with
this traffic. 1 do not propose now to make any
extended remarks on the subject. I will inquire
if it is in order to submit an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment which I
shall desire to propose to the Senate at a suitable
time is this: at the close-of this provision grant-
ing licenses to retail dealers, I find this clause:
But this shaii not authoiizc any spirits, liquors, wines,
or malt liquord to be drank on the prcmi&es.
To that I propose to add the following:
Nor shall it authorize any licence in States where the
same is piolnbited by the lavv^ theieof.
Mr.. FESSENDEN. The Senator is entirely
wild with regard to this whole matter, and, with
all respect to him, I must say he does not under-
stand it. For instance, take my own State; take
the city of Portland, where I reside. The law is
positive that no man in the State, except a town
agent, shall sell any liquor to be drank anywhere,
or to be carried away, or have it on his premises
for the purpose of selling at all. That is the law,
specific and positive, under certain strong penal-
ties. If any man does sell it, his liquor is liable
to be seized and destroyed, and he is liable to be
fined and punished. Now, we have here a bill
which says simply this: that no man shall carry-
on any of the trades or occupations hereinafter
mentioned without receiving a written license to
carry it on. When you come to this head of re-
tailers of liquors, it says: every retailer shall pay
twenty dollars for his license. When we go
through it to the end, wo fmd a provision that
nothing herein contained shall be held in any way
to affect any laws passed, or which may be passed',
by any State with regard to the selling of liquor.
The whole business, thciefoic, is under the con-
trol of the States, and our law docs not affect it
at all.
What is the difficulty in Maine, for instance,
in executing the law ? There are all around in the
towns these little groggeries, and the difficulty is
in finding out whete they are. Every man in his
license has got to specify the place, where he in-
tends to carry on the business. The difficulty is
in finding the places and hunting them up. Do
you suppose a man in one of those towns will be
such a consummate fool as to go and take out a
written license, thus notifying the public and put-
ting on record that he intends to have liquor ancl
to sell liquor in a specified place, and notifying
the police officers where to go and seize it, and.
seize him, too? That is the great fear that Sena-
tors have. The factis, this isan additional guard.
No man would do it, in the first place; and if he
did, the only effect would be to notify the public
officers where they can find him breaking the
