3356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
that tfie Senator may, by-possibility, be obliged
to come to Connecticut and sue me for some wrong
that I have done him ? I hope it will not occur,
but if it should, where* would be the harm"of hay-
ing him compelled to be tried by the law as ad-
ministered in the courts of the United States, their
rules of evidence being according to the provisions
of this bill, for, to turn the case about, if I go to
Michigan, and am compelled to bring a suit there,
I might want to carry my law with me ? I should
have just as good a right to insiston carrying my
law with me, as he would have to insist that he
should bring his law with him.
Mr. HOWARD. So that the objection will be
equally weighty in both cases.
Mr. FOSTER. Precisely; and we should leave
each State its own privileges and its own rights.
That is the excellence of the law which I propose;
but in the other event, some one State either gets
its own law in all the States, or else we get a law
that is in violation of the laws of every State,
which, I take it, nobody wants. Inasmuch as the
States differ, why not let the courts of the United
States differ in the same degree?
Mr. WILKINSON. I did not refer to the State
of Minnesota because 1 thought her laws ought
to be taken as a rule for the laws of the General
Government; but I think it is legitimate always,
here or anywhere else, to refer to precedents; and
that is the only reason or excuse I had for refer-
ring to the State of Minnesota.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 did not understand the Sen-
ator as alluding to his own State in any other than
the most proper manner. It was a happy illustra-
tion, perfectly proper, in my opinion, and I cer-
tainly did not intend to say anything intimating
the contrary.
Mr. WILKINSON. I stated, too, that I referred
to the State of Minnesota to illustrate one single
idea: that the credibility of the witness should be
a matter to be determined by the jury, and that
nobody should beexcluded. 1 am not prepared to
say that Dr. Chapin, because he does not believe
in a state of future punishment, should be ex-
cluded from testifying in an important case; and
I think it would be abhorrent to the moral sense
of this nation, in Connecticut, or Massachusetts,
or any other State, to exclude that eminent gen-
tleman from testifying in a court of justice upon
a simple question of fact, because he did not per-
haps consent to a state of future punishment. I
would believe him. Although I do believe in a
state of future punishment, and although I am
free to say, as the Senator fiom Connecticut did,
that my faith would he shaken in the credibility
of tile testimony of a man who stated Uiat he did
not believe in the existence ofGod, yet my point
is that it is a question of credibility, not of com-
petency; and the whole argument of the Senator
against the amendment is "on the question of the
admission of' tins testimony—a question of the
competency of the witness, not a question of cred-
ibility. •
Mr. FOSTER. I only say such are the laws of
the State. I do not say the honorable Senator's
rule would not be much the better way. These
rules may be wrong; but they obtain in all the
States, more or less.
Mr. WILKINSON. We are now legislating
for the General Government, and we are making
a rule of evidence here. Now, in regard to the
question of the admission of the testimony of a
negro, it is a question of credibility, and not a ques-
tion of competency. I cannot say, and 1 will not
say here in the Senate of the United States, that I
would place as much confidence in an uneducated,
uncultivated negro, as I would in a cultivated, ac-
complished gentleman; but I do say that the ad-
mission of his testimony should be made, under
the laws of the United States, a question of credi-
bility, and not a question of competency. He
should be a competent witness, and the credibility
of that witness should be leftfor the court and the
jury to determine.
Mr. FOSTER. That is for the Untversalist,
also.
-Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir; for the Univer-
sale and for the Atheist. I said before, that while
J am fro.* to admit my confidence would be some-
what shaken in the testimony of any man who
should declare that lie did not believe in the exist-
ence of a God, because I doubt whether a man
coutd be a right-minded, honest man, and make
such a decimation in court, yet I would permit
him to testify, and I would place as much confi-
dence in his testimony as my judgment permitted
me to place in it. I would bring into the courts
of the United States all the light that could be
brought into them. I would gather up, in a ju-
dicial conflict between parties, all the light that
could be brought into that controversy, and I would
leave it for the court and for the jury to determine
upon all the facts that they had, whether they
were gathered from black men or from white men,
from Christians or from infidels, from Universal-
is or from Calvinists. I would take it all into
the account, and let the court and the jury determ-
ine who was right and who was wrong.
Mr. President, I think there has been great prog-
ress in this matter. When I was a young man,
just as I had got my diploma to practice law in the
State of New York, I went into the court-house
and I heard an argumentbetween B.DavisNoxon,
whose name is familiar to many around me, and
a Judge Pratt, on the question of the competency
of a witness. They argued all day long whether
he had not a remote interest in the event of that
action. The witness was one of the most prom-
inent men in that county. That discussion was
shocking to the moral sense of every man who
sat down and listened to it. They were trying to
prove that he had a remote interest away back
somewhere in the cause, and yet he was a most
honorable, high-toned man. One hundred thou-
sand dollars would not have induced him to swerve
for one moment from the right line of his duty.
Now, look at the question here. Here is an issue
to'be tried. Here isa man who knows all about
it, a man in whom the community have every con-
fidence. His faco is black. The whole commu-
nity are aware that ho knows all about it; they
know that he was there and saw the whole trans-
action; they know that he is an honest and an
upright man; the court knows it; the jury know
it; everybody knows it; but you have a law that
prohibits him from telling it in court; justice is
cast aside and trampled under foot because of an
arbitrary, tyrannical, nonsensical law of Con-
gress, which prohibits such a man from testifying
m court.
Mr. SUMNER. It may be well, as we are
now called to cnacta new national law, to go back
to an early landmark of our history and see the
principles which were laid down by our fathers.
I hold in my hand the Declaration of Independ-
ence. At the beginning you will find these words:
" We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all
men are created equal." Now, sir, the gentle-
man from Connecticut, representing the Judiciary
Committee ofthc Senate of the United States, pro-
poses to establish as a rule of evidence in the Uni-
ted Stat"* courts that men arc not equal.
Mr. FOSTER, if the Senator will allow me
a moment, I propose no such rule of evidence. I
propose saying not one word about any human
using of any color, faith, or complexion—nothing
whatever. I simply propose by the bill to allow
the laws of the several States of this U n,ion to oper-
ate as rules to control the courts of the United
States sitting within those several States as it re-
gards the competency of witnesses; that is all. It
does not propose to establish any law in the world
except to allow the law of the locality to be ad-
ministered by the courts of the United States on
that subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly could not inten-
tionally do the Senator injustice. I do not think
I did him injustice; and lie will therefore pardon
me if 1 repeat what 1 said before, that the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, representing the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate of the United States, pro-
poses solemnly to ingraft into the legislation of
the United States, in defiance of the Declaration
of Independence, the practical principle that all
men are not equal. The Senator rises and denies
that he proposes any such thing. He simply pro-
poses to recognize local laws in the States. That
is all; nothing else. But pray, sir, is not this
enough ? Local laws, which defy the Declaration
of Independence, cannot be recognized without
defying the Declaration; nor can the Senator es-
cape the responsibility merely by saying that he
follows the local laws. Does ho not sanction an
injustice ? The case is plain—too plain for argu-
ment. He proposes an act of legislation with Re-
gard to the competency of witnesses. He under-
takes to regulate the competency of witnesses here
by the voice of Congress, and gravely asks us to
enact that witnesses shall be incompetent to test-
ify on account of color. This proposition is not
made openly, but under the guise that the local laws
of States shall in all cases prevail in the national
courts. Can the Senator forget the character of
these local laws; howinstinct wi tli barbarism they
are; what a shame and scandal they are to our
country, and to the civilization of this age; and
will he now recognize such a scandal and shame,
and give them new effect? Not in the courts of
the States, within the local jurisdiction, but in the
courts of the United States, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, within the national ju-
risdiction, where you and I, sir, will be responsi-
ble for the barbarism. No matter in what form
it is put, no matter how subtly the proposition is
concealed, it is a sanction of an outrageous rule of
evidence.
Make any objection that you please to the cred-
ibility of a witness; show that he is not intelligent,
that he is not worthy of belief, that his character
is bad, and make all proper deductions from his
testimony on this account; but do not say that
he is absolutely incompetent; that he cannot be
heard in court; that.no matter how intelligent,
truthful, or respectable he may be, he cannot be
admitted to testify if he happens to be black. Such
an exclusion of testimony is cruel to the witness,
degrading to courts which administer such a rule,
and destructive ofjustice, which requires evidence
from every quarter.
I listened a^s closely as I could to the ingenious
argument of the Senator. I went along with him
in all that ho claimed for the States and for their
courts.' He said each State is entitled within its
own jurisdiction to have its rules of evidence.
Granted. He said that it is better to leave to every
State its own rule on this question. Granted
again, sir, so far as the courts of the States are
concerned.
Mr. FOSTER. Why allow them barbarism ?
Mr. SUMNER. Because I have no right to
interfere with them.
Mr. FOSTER. That answers the two ques-
tions.
Mr. SUMNER. There is the mistake of the
Senator. He confounds our duties with regard
to the national courts, where we aie responsible,
with regard to the State courts, where we have no
responsibility and no right to interfere. Again, in
his remarks, he said, " it is competent for each
State to make these rules for itself." Granted .
again—within its own- jurisdiction. Then, again,
he said he would allow to each State its sovereign
will on this question. Sir, where I cannot con-
stitutionally interfere to check a barbarism, of
course I do not interfere; I allow the sovereign
will to prevail; but when a barbarism seeksshelter
directly under the jurisdiction of Congress, when
it falls under the responsibility of my vote, I can-
not be silent. .The Senator will pardon me, if I
say that he erred when he undertook to transfer
the rules of the State courts, withoutamendment
or modification, to the United States courts. Let
the State .courts have their rules of evidence; they
are beyond our control; but let the United States
courts which are within our control be brought
at last within the pale of civilization. Why, sir,
has the cause which the Senator represents, pre-
vailed at last? To what end is it triumphal by
its votes on this floor, if, when we undertake to
organize the rules of evidence in the United States
courts, we take up and sanction such a relic of
barbarism ?
If this is not within our reach, pray, sir, why
are we asked to vote on this bill ? Why does the
Senator bring forward his bill entitled " a bill con-
cerning the competency of witnesses," with a sec-
tion expressly regulating that whole subject, un-
less it is directly within our control, and we are to
be made responsible for the way in which it is regu-
lated ? Sir, I should fee 1 that I had been untrue to
myself, untrue to the principles that I have at heart,
and to the people that I have the honor to represent,
if I allowed a bill like this, with such a title, with
such an object, to pass without endeavoring to
exclude from it all sanction of the vileness Which
seeks shelter under its words. The Senator this
very session, within a few days, has voted for a bill
to punish the fraudulent counterfeiting of postage
stamps; but suppose the counterfeiter does his
work in the presence of colored persons and no-
body else, where will the Senator, according to
his favorite rule of exclusion, find the evidence by
