1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3357
which the lawjs to be carried into effect? Si^. as
long as Congress undertakes to legislate crimin-
ally, as long as it has courts with a national ju-
risdiction'in the slave States, it owes it to itself,
and it owes it to justice, that it should furnish the
evidence by which its criminal legislation may be
made effective, and by which its courts may be
conducted without a constant act of shame calcu-
lated to bring; a blush upon the cheeks. I speak
frankly, as is my habit, and, perhaps, with feel-
ing, but I trust that I have said nothing that I
ought not to say.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator 
Mr. SUMNER. I am done. ^
Mr. FOSTER. But when he speaks of my
"favorite rule of exclusion," as though I was
opposed to having black men testify, I would say
that, in the course of my professional life, I pre-
sume I have examined more black men a3 wit-
nesses than he ever did white ones, and did it, 1
hope, courteously, without a thought, that I was
notgetting the trutfrin the majority of cases. The
Senator ought not to impute to me any feeling of
hostility towards this class of our population, or
any wish to exclude them from being witnesses.
There is no such thing.
Mr. SUMNER. I said the Senator's favorite
rule of exclusion of evidence.
Mr. FOSTER. My " favorite rule of exclu-
sion" excludes nobody, it allows everybody.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator to
advocate the exclusion of testimony.
Mr. FOSTER. By no means.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 understood the Senator so.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator has been singu-
larly unfortunate. This law which is here pro-
posed is an enlargement of the existing law, de-
cidedly an enlargement of the existing law. His
friend the district attorney of Massachusetts is
now, from day to day, trying suits in admiralty
in the courts of the United States in the city of
Boston, and cannot examine a party or any one
having an interest in the cause. This bill is to
enable him to do it. The court of the United
States sitting there as a court of equity, cannot
permit the examination of the parties without this
law. It is to prevent the exclusion of those men
in the city of Boston, black or white; for they
stand alike there; the white man can no more test-
ify there in a suit in admiralty where he is inter-
ested, than the black man. This law enables both
to do it; and it enables the black man to testify as
well as the white, for the law of Massachusetts
makes no discrimination on that ground. That
is this law. The gentleman is unfortunate in his
understanding of the law, as well as of my views
respecting it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator then does pro-
pose to interfere with State laws.
Mr. FOSTER. By no means. It is to give
to the courts of the United States the right to ad-
minister the laws of'Massachusetts as to the com-
petency of witnesses in the courts of the United
States sitting in Massachusetts. That is it ex-
actly—to administer the law of Massachusetts in
the courts of the United States held in Massachu-
Mr. SUMNER.. Very well, I am with the Sen-
ator in that.
Mr. FOSTER. Then vote for the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I am with the Senator in the
general objects of his bill; but 1 desire to perfect
it. I desire to bring it in harmony with the Dec-
laration of Independence, and with the princi-
ples of American institutions. The Senator, in
opposing my amendment, sets himself practically
against the Declaration of Independence, and
against that fundamental principle of equality
which I humbly submit we cannot, in our legisla-
tion,violate without wrong. If we were not now
called upon to act on this subject, if the Senator
did not bring forward this very bill " concerning
the competency of witnesses," I should have
nothing to say about it; but it is because we have
the question before us, because we are called upon
to provide legislation on this special subject, that
t deem it my duty to perfect the measure by the
amendment which I have brought forward.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan allow me to appeal to him for a moment? A
resolution explanatory of the confiscation bill has'
been sent to us from the House, and it is desira-
ble that it should be passed now. I presume it
will take no time to pass it.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but one word to say
on this subject, and shall be through in a moment.
If I understand this bill, the effect of it is simply
this: to establish as rules of evidence in the Fed-
eral courts throughout the United States the rules
of evidence that exist in the various States where
those courts are held, so as to make the rule in the
Federal courts identical, as far as practicable, with
the rule in the State court. I believe I do not mis-
state the purport of the bill. Now, Mr. President,
I do not see the necessity of passing any such law
as this. If that be the object of the Senator from
Connecticut, I can assure him with confidence that
his object has already been attained, because the
Federal courts have decided, and decided repeat-
edly, that it is competent for them to adopt upon
the trial of causes in those courts the rules of evi-
dence prevailing in the State courts under State
laws.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the honorabtaSenatorper-
mit me to ask in what State we have any courts
of admiralty, so that there is any State law re-
garding the competency of witnesses in courts of
admiralty?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not speak particularly
of courts of admiralty.
Mr. FOSTER. That is what the bill speaks of.
Mr. HOWARD. This decision has been made
by Judge Curtis in the Massachusetts circuit, and
if my memory serves me, it was an admiralty case.
I will not be confident about that, however. But
it is perfectly well settled that the rules of evidence
in the State courts are by adoption the rules of
evidence in the Federal courts. This ruling has
prevailed in my own State in the seventh circuit,
and has been expressly so decided very recently.
The same rule of law has been on more than one
occasion, I can assure the Senator, recognized by
the Supreme Court of the United States; so that
I do not see the necessity of adopting any such
principle as that which is embodied in this bill.
It appears to me that the only valuable feature
of this bill, if it shall pass, will be the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts. There
is a matter which it does seem to me is deserving
the attention of Congress. I agree entirely in the
view taken of that question by my friend from
Minnesota. When a negro is offered as a witness
in court, the question should be not respecting his
admissibility as a witness, but as to the weight to
be given to his testimony. Let him stand upon
precisely the same basis as to credit that other
persons stand in the same court. I see no injus-
tice in it; and, on the other hand, I see the great
necessity for it, and I see that it will remedy a
defect that has too long existed m some of the
southern States of this Union. 1 hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I seem to have been ex-
ceedingly unfortunate in my effort to get up an-
other bill this evening. This bill rnme in, and I
supposed would not occupy more than a few min-
utes, when lo,and behold! the rights of man, the
Declaration of Independence, and religious belief
have all been brought into the discussion. I should
be very glad if we could take a vote upon the bill
and get rid of it. What the Senator from Connec-
ticut has said is very true, that the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts is not
germane to the bill. It is a new subject brought
in upon us. This is not a bill excluding any wit-
ness on account of religious belief or color or any-
thing else. It is simply a proposition that is now
pending, to adopt, in the different States of the
Union in the United States courts, the same rules
of evidence that are adopted in the State courts.
That is all there is about it. The Senator from
Michigan says the couits may do that by a rule.
Suppose the courts choose not to do it by a rule.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I suppose it would be
an error, and that the judgment would be reversed
upon error.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. They arc not
obliged to adopt it as a rule.
Mr. HOWARD. I think they are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; there is no such
law. 11 is a matter ot discretion.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law of 1789 provided:
"That the laws of the several States, except wheie the
Constitution, treaties, oi statutes of the United State3 shall
otherwise lequire oi piovale, shall be regarded a  i ules of
evidencein trials of common Jaw In the courts of the United
States in cases where they apply."
The courts have always held that that law of
1789 was not obligatory or binding so far as it
applied to a State admitted since that time; that
it only adopted the laws of the States in existence
at that time. It has been repeatedly so held in
nearly all the circuits of the United States. Judge
McLean always held so, and so decided in Illi-
nois, that a statute, unless he thought proper to
adopt it, was of no validity in his court.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to assure the Senator
from Illinois that in my own circuit the common
law rule of evidence was changed very recently,
within the last few years; and the circuit court of
the United States there adopted the State rule, and
enforced it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The circuit court in Illi-
nois, while Judge McLean presided there, fre-
quently adopted oui statutes legulating the mode
of proceeding in his court. He sometimes adopted
them, and sometimes he did not adopt them. We
had at one time what was called a valuation law
in that State, requiring that property should bring
two thirds of its appraised value. Some of the
legislation upon that subject was adopted by the
circuit court of the United States, ana other por-
tions were not adopted; and it was a matter of
discretion. There should be a uniform rule upon
the subject. The bill that is now pending simply
requires the United States courts to adopt the
same rule in regard to evidence as obtains in the
State where the court is held. That is all there
is about it; and here we are brought up with a
proposition that it is a barbarous law to do that;
it is barbarism, and it excludes negroes from test-
ifying ! It does not do any such thing. If your
law in Massachusetts allows a negro to testify,
he will testify there under this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. But it acts in the slave States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It acts everywhere. You
do not want to enforce Massachusetts law in Illi-
nois, do you ?
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let us adopt in the
courts of Illinois the laws we have in Illinois.
Do you want Illinois law in Massachusetts? Are
you not satisfied if you can have the same rules
of evidence in the United States court in Massa-
chusetts as you have m the State courts; or do
you insist that we in Illinois shall adopt the same
rule of evidence that you have adopted in Massa-
chusetts? If you do not, let us pass this bill. It
is a most astonishing proceeding to me, that the
Senator from Massachusetts comes m here de-
nouncing this as a barbarous proposition to receive
testimony m the courts of the United States where
the court is held just as they do in the courts of
the State. What right have we to establish a
code of evidence all over the United States ? Per-
haps we could adopt a code of evidence, or pass
laws which should declare what should be re-
ceived as evidence in the United States courts,
and change the whole mode of proceeding, and
have laws administered upon one rule in the Uni-
ted States courts, and on another rule in the State
courts in the same locality. But, sir, it is desira-
ble to have the State courts and the United States
courts act in harmony, and decide the same ques-
tions in the same way. That has been the policy
of the Government from the beginning. It started
out, in 1789, with that view, and this is to carry
it out; and I am sorry that the question is to be
embarrassed by a matter that is foreign entiiely
to the purpose of this bill. It is not a bill to es-
tablish the competency of testimony. I agree
with very much that has been said here by Sen-
ators, if we were to go into the discussion of that
question, that the tendency of the modern decis-
ions is to Jftow everybody to testify. If I was
to determine that question, I might agree with
them that it would be better to receive the testi-
mony of every person who offered to testify, and
let the jury pass upon the weight that is to be
given to that testimony. These questions go to
the credibility rather than to the competency of
the witness, as said by the Senator from Minne-
sota. We are not passing upon any such ques-
tion as that. We are not proposing to fix the rule
of evidence in the United States courts any fur-
ther than to adopt the existing rule, and have the
law administered in the United States courts just
as it is administered in the State courts where the
United States court is sitting.
