1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
law, and where they may seize liis liquor and
seize him also. That is the effect of it precisely.
It does not authorize the sale of liquor in any
place whatever, in any shape or form.
But there are a great many States where there
are no laws against the sale of liquor; where men
sell it, and sell it indiscriminately. Do Senators,
in their very nice perception of points, want to
put a licensc on every man who carries on any
kind of business; every grocer, every saddler,
every joiner who makes articles to sell, everything
in the village, except the liquor dealer, and toil
him he may sell as much as he pleases; we do not
ask anything of him ? That is the only business
that is to be excused. He need not pay for a
license in that business. We have such a regard
and a respect for that business, and it is so bene-
ficial to the community, that while we make every-
body else pay something, they need not pay any-
thing ! That is the argument. Senators must sec
on looking at it what strikes me as the utter ab-
surdity of the whole thing; and if they go so far
as to say that we sanction it by granting a license,
they hold that we sanction everything that we
punish by a heavy duty because it is a vice. Will
it make it snore respectable in any shape or form?
Will the Senators go a little further? Why not
vote against, and move to strike out, the provis-
ion lequirmg a license for distilling liquor? It
cannot be sold unless it is distilled and made, in
the first place.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not all drank.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Never mind; four fifths
of it is drank, and used as a beverage. Why not
strike that out? That which is rectified is drank.
Why not strike out the license in regard to recti-
fiers? We put veiy heavy penalties in the shape
of licenses on them. Why not strike that out ?
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not'strike out the
duty on playing cai ds? I suppose they ate all very
bad,and are used for gambling purposes. Why
not strike out the tax on bowling alleys? Many
gentlemen say they are bad plaees. Why make
them pay? Are you not giving a moral sanction
to it, according to the notions of Senators? With
all respect to Senators, it strikes me as the wildest
idea in the world. The fact is, we are imposing a
duty upon them, if it is sanctioned by the laws
of the State, and if they will do it, as in many
States of this Union it is carried on very largely,
we propose that they shall not be excused from
the burden which is put on their neighbors who
are carrying on business altogether different fiom
tliem ?
Mr. FOSTER. I would cheerfully go with the
Senator from Kansas and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts in any effort to promote the cause of
temperance and to arrest the evils of in temperance,
which is so desolating in Us effects over the coun-
try. I had been accustomed to regard the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts as an authority on the
subject of temperance before I knew him, and
sincelhave known him,I regard himevcnah.gher
authority than before, because I know that he
carries out practically, m his daily life, the prin-
ciples which he advocates, stuctly and absolutely;
a fact which, I am sorry to say, cannot always
be truly asserted of those who are called temper-
ance men.
But, sir, notwithstanding my respect for the
gentlemen, I think they are both wrong, decid-
edly wrong, and that the cause of temperance w ill
not be promoted by sinking out the clause of the
bill proposed to be stricken out by the Senator
from Massachusetts. To test the question, I will
make allusion to my own State. We have in the
State of Connecticut a very strong temperance
law, as strong as the law of any State in the Union.
The law was passed, if I mistake not, in the spring
of 1854, and has remained a law from that time
to the present. For the first two years or there-
abouts, it was very uniformly observed and en-
forced throughout the State,and there was scarcely
a single place within the State where intoxicating
liquor could be bought, except of public officers;
certainly not one, unless it was done by stealth.
I regret to say it js not tin* case now, and that m
all the large towns of the State, and many, prob-
ably most, of the small ones, liquor is now sold,
and sold very generally, in utter violation of law.
Our public authorities occasionally, but rarely,
institute prosecutions, and convictions are by no
means common. Where u man is prosecuted, he
defends. It is frequently difficult to make out the
proof, even although the place may be notorious
as one where liquor is sold, and men sometimes
escape conviction who are notoriously guilty.
Public feeling has become rather indifferent to the
subject of prosecutions, and they are very gen-
erally discontinued. That is the condition of our
State.
Now, what would be the effect of this law? As
I think, this: if these same persons and others go
on and continue to sell liquor as they now do, un-
less they take a license under this act, they will
be prosecuted by proper authority in the courts
of the United States for our States, and the pen-
alties and forfeitures provided by this act will be
enforced and exacted in every case. If, therefore,
they do not obtain this license, they will be pros-
ecuted and punished according to the provisions
of this act, which provisions are pretty severe
against persons so offending. That, I think, will
put a stop to a very considerable portion of this
business. It will greatly diminish the number of
those who are now selling liquor, if it does not
actually break up the trade. On the other hand,
suppose they take out a license, does it give any
authority to those who thus pay twenty dollars
and thus legalize the traffic, so that our State au-
thorities cannot lay then- hands upon them and
put an end to it, if they choose to do so, even
under tin.* license ? Cleaily not; for this law gives
no authority and purports to give no authonty to
any man within the State of Connecticut or any
other State where the sale of liquor is prohibited,
to sell in any quantity; so that our State author-
ities^ they think proper to do so, can enforce our
State laws on the subject. It is our own fault if
we do not. Everyman who takes a license under
this act can be piosecuted by the State law and
convicted with entire ease, for he will then have on
reeoid the evidence of his own criminality; and it
will be almost impossible for him to stand before
a jury of his fellow-citiz< nsand say he is not guilty
of selling liquor, when he lias paid twenty dollars
for a license to sell it. Theic is scarcely any 1 urn-
seller brazen-faced enough for that; so that he will
furnish in effect means to convict himself, by in-
contestable, conclusive evidence.
That will be the effect, so far as the State
authorities are concerned; and its effcct, so far as
the national authorities arc concerned, if persons
do not pay this tax, I have already considered. I
would lather call it a tax than a license, because
it is in fact a tax upon those who are engaged m
this business. The idea of a license is the grant-
ing of an authority m spite of any intenuption.
That is not the meaning of this. It is true, the
term license is used; but it is not the meaning at
all of this law. [t is, in effect, a tax on a man en-
gaged m this business, and the operation of it is
simply, m States where it is iccognized and al-
lowed as a business, to put a tax of twenty dol-
lars upon it for the benefit of the national Tieas-
ury. In States where it is not allowed, where it
does not now exist, and where, under the laws of
the Sfate, it cannot exist, this act will be wholly
inoperative. If, in those States, men take a license
or pay this tax, they will be subject to just the
same penalties under the State law that they are
subject to without the passage of this act.
Under these cncumstances, I cannot conceive
that the cause of temperance will in any manner
be subseived by striking out the clause proposed
to be sincken out by the Senatoi from Massa-
chusetts. The idea of the Senator from Kansas,
that it takes away the guaids now provided by
State laws as to the character of those authorized
to sell where the sale of liquor is now allowed by
law, is an entire mistake. In the fiist place, 1 do
not believe the Senator from Kansas or the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts thinks that a man of
! character and respectability will sell lum, will
| letaii liquor, with or without a license.
I Mr. POMEROY. I will ask the Senator if it
1 is not as respectable for them to sell it as it is for
j us to license it?
! Mr. FOSTER. It may be; but it will be time
I enough to answer that when we propose to license
! them. I have before remarked that this term li-
| cense has not the legal meaningof the term license
at all; for it does not authorize a man to sell one
drop of liquor where by law in any State he is
prevented from selling it. There is not a word in
the bill that has any such meaning as that. The
whole amount of it is, as I have before remarked.
that where the States authorize liquor to be sold,
this bill puts an additional burdgn of twenty dolt
lars on every man engaged in the business.- J ask
the Senator from Kansas if.there is any wrong in
that?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes. I do not think: aiiy
State should license anybody to sell. liquor, arid
I do not think we should give any sanction to it.
Mr. FOSTER. We do not give any sanction
to it. We only say that they shall not carry, on
this business in those States where they are au-
thorized by the laws of the States to do it unless
they pay us a tax of twenty dollars for doing it.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to ask the Senator
whether the licenses you provide for in this bill
are confined to those who obtain licenses in the
States?
Mr. FOSTER. We do not so confine it; but
we leave to those State authorities power to pros-
ecute every man who sells in violation of their
laws, just as much as though this act had not been
passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Senator to
say that the State authorities do not prosecute in
his Stale. Then they will sell in spite of this law.
Mr. FOSTER. Then it is the fault of ourown
citizens, and not the fault of this law. As 1 say,
putting this burden upon these men will diminish
the number, because it is not every rumseller who
can raise his twenty dollais at once to pay for
what the gentleman calls a license, and what I
call a tax. Not another man in the State of Con-
necticut will go into the business in consequence
of this law; but those in it in numbers will be
diminished, because I believe our people will pros-
ecute every man who does not pay the tax of
twenty dollars for continuing the business. That
will be the effect of it; and then if our State au-
thorities do not prosccute these men, it is their
fault; it is not the fault of this law. This law does
not prevent it. The effect of this law, as I have
before suggested, is to furnish totheSfate author-
ities most unquestionable evidence of the guilt of
every man who violates our State law; because,
as I have already remarked, no man will be bra-
zen enough, after he has taken out a licensc for
selling rum and paid twenty dollars for it, to stand
befoi e a jury and say he does not do that business.
The effect, then, of this law, I say, will be to pto-
motc temperance. There is, it is true, this ab-
stract principle remaining, that by the imposition
of a tax, we give what the Senator from Massa-
chusetts called our countenance to this business;
we give the countenance of a law of Congress to
this business: but I submit to that Senator we do
no such thing. We simply impose aburden upon
this business in those States where it is allowed
to be carried on; and that is giving it no coun-
tenance at all. But if it be giving it countenance,
as the Senator from Maine has well suggested,
when we impose a tax upon the distillation and
rectification of liquor, it is too late then to say
that it is improper, it is giving countenance to
the sale of spirits to impose a tax on the sale; for
if we dry up the distilleries, it is just as certain
that these grog-shops will dry up as that a stream
will dry up if you dry up the fountain. Dry up
the fountain and the stream will fail; stop the dis-
tillation, stop the manufacture of liquor, and liquor
will not be sold. If we give our countenance to
the distillation of liquor, to its manufacture and
rectification, certainly we ought not to stop on
account of the immorality of giving countenance
to the sale of it. The distiller sellshis liquor. He
sells it by the hogshead and the hundred hogs-
heads. If it be wrong and immoral for a man to
sell a pint of whisky, I ask if it is not wrong and
immoral to sell a hogshead? Can it be innocent
to do a great wrong, and criminal to do a small
one? If it is criminal to sell a little, must it not
be very criminal to sell a great deal? The hon-
orable Senator seems to think not. I ^o not un-
derstand the Senator from Massachusetts to be
in favor of striking out this tax on the distillation
ofhquoi; or the Senatorfrom Kansas either. The
Senator from Kansas, indeed, suggested that liquor
was used for other purposes than drink; but so
small an amount is used for any purpose other
than drinking, that it would be better to break it
up if we could, and forego the advantage derived
from liquor for all other purposes except di ink-
ing. To carry out the doctrine, then, we ought to
strike at the root of this matter, and prevent the
manufacture or distillation of liquor throughout
