1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, their Secretary,
notifying the House that the Senate had passed
a bill (No. 120) iiJ addition to " An act to refund
and remit tho duties on arms imported by States,9'
approved July 10,1861, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
The committee resumed its session; and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
The following paragraphs being under consid-
eration:
On sugar, refined, whether loaf, lump, granulated, or
pulverized, two mills per pound.
On sugar, refined or made from inferior qualities, and fiom
molas&es, sirup of molasses, melado, or concentrated mel-
ftdo, two mills pei pound.
Mr. HORTON moved to strike out the words
" inferior qualities, and from."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to inseit in line sixty-
two, after the word "pound," the words " on all
brown, Muscavado, or clarified sugars produced
directly from the sugarcane, (and not from sorg-
hum or imphee,) other than those produced by
the refiner, one cent per pound."
Mr. Chairman, I think the proposed tax is just
and equitable for the following reasons: under the
tariff of 1846 and 1857, the duty upon foreign raw
sugars was one half cent per pound, and was
deemed adequate protection to the producers of
domestic sugar, and the business flourished—the
production of the country averaging for the past
iivc years about two hundred and ninety thou-
sand hogsheads of one thousand pounds each for
Louisiana, and three thousand for Texas, being
equal to two hundred and ninety-three millions of
pounds. By act of July, 1861, we levied an ad-
ditional duty of two cents on grades known as Mus-
covado or brown sugar not advanced above No.
12,Dutch standard—the whole duty being two and
a halfcents—and when advanced above No. 12, by
whatsoeverprocess, but not refined, an additional
duty of two and a halfcents per pound—w hole dut y
being three cents. This excess of two cents in one
case and two and a halfcents m anotheris in execss
of and above needful protection, and is added at
once to the profits of the maker. In a word, the value
of the crop of two hundred and ninety-three mil-
lions of pounds is enhanced in price by the new du-
ties at least $5,800,000. This much more is paid by
the consumers and goes directly to the producers.
Now, I propose to divide the profits with the pro-
ducer, and while by the increased duty the people
pay $5,800,000 more for the crop of New Orleans
and Texas, they have the satisfaction and relief
afforded by tho fact that $2,900,000 goes into the
public Treasury. Thus, by this amendment, I pro-
pose to add to the revenue this important amount,
$2,900,000; yet it is without an additional burden
on the people, and it is leaving a like amount to be
divided among the planters, over and above the
profits that they have heretofore been satisfied
with. The most liberal protective tariff would
never exceed one and a half cents per pound; all
in excess of this is levied exclusively as a revenue
measure. This being the case, it is only right that
the protected manufacture should add its quota to
the revenue, that quota being the amount of duty
levied upon t lie competing foreign article, in excees
of duty needed for protection. I trust the com-
mittee will concur with these views, and adopt this
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman to ex-
cept sorghum and imphee cane in his amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment does not in-
clude them. It refers expiessly and exclusively
to sugars made from sugar cane. Sorghutn is not
known as sugar cane, nor docs it properly come
under that head, as sorghum is used only for
making sirups. It has not yet been made to pio-
duce sugar, so far as I am aware, except, perhaps,
in one or two instances.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman is mistaken.
Several thousand pounds have been made from it
in my State and district within the last year.
Mr. DAVIS. I will accept the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. HORTON. I ask the attention of the
committee for a moment to this question, which
is a very importantone. The question is whether
wo shall tax Louisiana sugar. I for one see no
good reason why the growth of Louisiana should
not be taxed when it is possible to collect the tax.
One of the reasons which operated upon the com-
mittee, inducing them to omit from this bill a tax
upon the sugar of Louisiana as one of the excise
duties was that it would not at present produce
any revenue to the Government, and we did not
want to anticipate the matter. We hoped thatas
the House progressed with this bill, and it ad-
vanced toward perfection, we would hear of the
success of the movement which has been so long
in contemplation, and that our forces would be in
possession of New Orleans and all of Louisiana.
When that was done wc thought it would be time
to provide for the tax to be levied and raised upon
Louisiana sugar.
The principle of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is undoubtedly right. It
is simply a question of expediency whether we
shall lay the tax now or wait until we reduce the
rebels in Louisiana. 1 am not strenuous about it
myself, but I think that this excise is too high.
It is a larger excise duty in proportion than any
other that I am aware of. I only wish to call the
attention of the committee to this question, whether
we shall impose the duty on Louisiana sugar now,
or wait a little longer. I have no doubt that the
tax will be ultimately levied. It is only a matter
of lime and of expediency.
Mr. BAKER. I move to increase it to two
cents. Mr. Chairman, by the action of this Con-
gress, the sugar planters of Louisiana enjoy or
have enjoyed a bounty of two and a half cents a
pound upon their sugar, and I want to get back
some portion of that bounty, and therefore I have
moved my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
the amendment to the amendment; that I may
correct an lmpressionleft by the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Horton,] that the amend-
ment to the original paragraph now before the
committee is premature. He admits the justice
of the principle embodied in the amendment, but
thinks that as we have notpossession of the sugar
fields of Louisiana and Texas, such amendment
will be inoperative.
This is certainly the fact at the present moment;
yet from tho progress made by the brave boys of
the West, his objection promises to be ephemeral
in ifs nature. The sharp instincts of the trader
already realizes that the strong hand of northern
power is stretched forth to remove the obstruc-
tions which rebellion has planted in this national
highway, and the anticipation of an early occu-
pation of New Orleans, and the possession or
command of the sugar crop, has already, m some
measure, modified the sugar markets of the East.
If I am correctly informed, the reasonable ex-
pectation that the gallant troops now engaged in
the valley of the Mississippi will prove victorious
and sweep away every obstacle, makes men cau-
tious in embarking in sugar speculations, and few
care to carry large stocks at the present high
prices. Large holders have m view the capture
ofNewOrleansandthe release of the present crop;
the trade believe that it will speedily flow up the
Mississippi and its tributaries to the full supply
of the western markets. Should the telegraph
announce the capture of Island No. 10, now be-
sieged by the gallant Foote, and the consequent
occupation of Memphis, the trade would be justi-
fied in their anticipations that a fair proportion of
the present crop would find its way to the north-
ern and western markets to compete with the
heavily taxed foreign and refined sugars. As it is
entirely within the range of probability that such
of the present crop as may escape the inunda-
tions of broken levees or the fire and desolation
of war will come under the action of this bill, I
hold it is proper and timely that this amendment
should be adopted, as it may add several millions
to the revenue should wc succeed in our certain
expectations, while it harms no one should our
anticipations be delayed for a season; as it adds
nothing to the taxes on sugars, other than the
product of Louisiana and Texas.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to strike out the
word " cane." I do that for the purpose of im-
ploiing my friend from Pennsylvania, who has
moved this amendment, to be a little patient. Be-
fore we tax the cotton and the sugar of the South
we had better first get possession of the country
where they arc grown.
As I have ahoady said, I am opposed to the
practice of taxing the agricultural pioducts of this
country of any character in the hands of the pro-
ducer. T need not give any reasons for that.
The gentleman said that when we have taken
Island No. 10, New Orleans can be gained. I
wish it were so. Even when we have captured
Island No. 10, wc will have a stony road to New
Orleans. I tell you, that until the wild scheme to
carry on this war is abandoned, you, Mr. Chair-
man, and I, will never see the end of it.
Mr. DUNN. Wcare now preparing a tax bill
to cover all sections of the country, and I have no
idea that the South, which has been the main cause
of this wicked rebellion, shall escape from its share
of the burdens of this war. The authority of this
Government will be maintained, and its jurisdic-
tion over the rebellious States restored. We should
make our laws with reference to that fact. It can-
not be expected that while we are laying our
taxes heavily upon the property and the incomes
of the North, that sugar and cotton, the great sta-
ples of the South, are to escape taxation. I agree
with the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wick>
liffe] in the policy of avoiding the taxation of
the products of the soil in the hands of the pro-
ducers, and I only arose to dissent from his inti-
mation that we should not legislate with a view of
collecting taxes from the South. This is the Con-
gress of the nation, and its legislation should cover
its whole territory.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was then adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
On sugar candy and all confectionery, made wholly or in
part of sugar, two cents per pound.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to reduce-
the duty to one cent.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On staich made of potatoes, two nulls per pound; made
of corn, four mills per pound ; made of rice, or any other
material, six mills per pound.
Mr. HORTON. I move to change the para-
graph, so that it will read as follows:
On starch made of potatoes, one mill per pound ; made
of com, two mills per pound ; made of nee, oi any other
mateuai, tour nulls per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments will be
voted on separately.
The amendment in reference to potato starch
was agreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I move to reducc the tax on corn
starch to one mill per pound. I ask the Clerk to
read an extract from a letter which I send to his
desk. The letter is from a very intelligent firm
of starch manufacturers in the city where I reside.
The Clerk read the following:
" Corn staichhas foi some years entered largely into com-
petition with potato farina in supplying the cotton factories
of the East. The low price ot corn in the western coun-
try, together with improved machinery in the manufacture
of fc-taieh made fiom it, enables us now to command a fail-
share of this trade; hut the margin of piofit is very small,
and out competitor the New England potato starch makers
have an immense advantage in being cln«e t<> their market,
while we have a long and expensive inland carriage to con-
tend with. It to this disadvantage theie is now added a
discriminating tax of two milN per pound against us, the
effect will be to shut lis out from afcirge and increasing out-
let foi our manufacture.
" A tax of tour nulls per pound may appear, at first sight,
a very insignificant mattei; but it will give you ^mc idea
of its importance to us wiien you learn that, had this tax
been imposed la^t year, the duty payable by this establish-
ment alone would have amounted to upwaids of nine thou-
sand dollars ; half oi which amount, or ,$4,500, would rep-
resent the additional buiden laid upon us in one season,
from which potato starch makers are exempted.
"There may existsome misconception us to the compar-
ative value of the two aiticles. Potato starch being used
almost exclusively for manufactuimg putposes, is gener-
ally sold iu large quantities, at wholesale puce, while corn
starch being letailed foi faintly u-.es. has an apparent value
(the grocei's piofit) which it does not possess m the pro-
ducers hands. We arc selling coin staieh now at three
cenu pci pound ; and no question very much whether po-
tato starch couid be bought chcapei whne it is made. If,
therefore, an assumed difference of value js the basis on
which the tax is adjusted—as we presume it i<—the dis-
tinction Is- altogether illusory.
It appeals to us that tour nulls, or nearly fourteen per
cent, on the piesent value of the article in first hands, is
an excessive tax ; but of that we do no^complain. We
only want to be placed on a fair footing with our eastern
rivals. If four mills is retained as the duty on corn starch,
there is no leason why potato starch should not pav the
