3858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that we are
not proposing to regulate the competency of wit-
nesses. Sir, what is the title of the bill oji your
table? "Concerning the competency of witnesses."
That is my answer to the Senator from Illinois.
He then proceeds to say that the bill simply pro-
noses to adopt the laws of the States. Yes, sir;
this is true—undeniable. The bill declares that the
laws of the States shall be adopted in the United
States courts as the rule with regard to the com-
petency of witnesses; but what is the subject-mat-
ter of the bill ? It is always " the competency of
•witnesses" which the bill proposes to regulate.
Whichever way you regard it, you come round to
this single point: what shall be the rule concern-
ing the competency of witnesses? The Senator
from Illinois asked, me whether I would allow the
Congress of the United States to enter Massachu-
setts, and overrule what it might regard as a bar-
barism there. Yes. sir; with all my heart, so far
as.it constitutionally can; and may every relic of
barbarism that shall show its head there find in-
stant judgment!
Mr. TRUMBULL. Willthc Senator allow me
to ask him a question right there?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A few years ago this Sen-
ate and the House of Representatives were under
the control of different influences from what now
control them. Would it have met the Senator's
approbation if the Congress at that day had gone
into Massachusetts and said that no man who was
a negro should testify in the United States courts,
and that no man who believed that a negro had
no rights that a white man was bound to respect
should testify in the United States courts in Mas-
sachusetts? What would he have thought of that?
Mr. SUMNER. I should have thought that
was a barbarism, and I should have opposed it as
such; but that does not meet the question of the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itshows the impropriety
of it.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. The Senator is
mistaken. The Senator asks me whether I would
consent thai-Congress should go into Massachu-
setts to overturn barbarism. 1 reply, with all my
heart, let Congress go, and if it can find a'barba-
rism, overturn it.
Mr. FOSTER. Congress to be the judge?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not admit that Congress
should be the judge.
Mr. FOSTER. That makes a difference.
Mr. SUMJN'ER. Certainly; it makes this dif-
ference: it is right, lor Congress to act in one case,
and it iti not right for it to act in ihn other case.
The two cases cannot be confounded. They are
as wide as the poles asunder; as wide apart as
civilization and barbarism.
But it is a mistake to say that it is now proposed
that Congress shall enter the States, and make or
unmake. No such thing. All that I ask is, that
Congress, in establishing rules for its own courts,
shall not sanction a principle of exclusion which
no recognition in the State courts can make other-
wise than utterly ignoble and detestable. The
question is simple: will you take care of your own
courts ? Leave the State courts to themselves; but
do not fail to see to it that within your own ex-
clusive jurisdiction no barbarous rule of evidence
shall be established.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Grimes, Italian, Howard,
Howe, Kmc, Lane or Kansas, Ponieroy, Wee, Sumner,
Wadi1, Wilkinson, VVi!mot,aud Wilson oi'Ml&sacIiuseus—
11.
A W—Mc.-i-. Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Doolittlo, Foster, Hale, Harris, Henderson,
Kennedy, Liin<' of Indiana, Powell, Siiulsbury, Sherman,
Simmon*-, Stailt. Ten Kyek, Trumbull, Willey, Wilson of
Missouri, and Wright—2ti.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business. ["Oh, no."]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us dis-
pose of this bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senateas amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I have an' amendment to offer,
to add the following as an additional section:
JM he It further enacted, That hereafter any person who
shall adheie to the government of the so-called conieder-
ate States of America, Br do any act to carry on or sustain
the same, or shall adhere to the existing insurrection agatrjst
the United States, or give it aid or comfort, or shall advise
any person to join it, or give any rnoney^property, or other
thing whatever, to any person to induce him to join said
insurrection, or to any person who has joined, or is about
to join said insurrection, with the intent to give aid or as-
sistance to such person in said insuirection, shall be guilty
of a high misdemeanor against the United States, and ^hall
be subject to fine or imprisonment, or both, the fine not to
be more than $1,000 nor less than $\00; the imprisonment
not to exceed tsn years nor be less than one year, at the
discretion of the jury.
Mr. FOSTER. I really hope that thatamend-
ment will not be pressed upon this bill. This is a
bill in regard to rules of evidence in courts of the
United States; and to put a criminal law upon it,
it seems to me, if there were no other objection to
it, would be in exceedingly bad taste. We should
not unite together matters so perfectly incongru-
ous as the rule of evidence in regard to the admin-
istration of the law and defining a penal offense,
one that ought to be punished, and visiting it with
a heavy hand. It docs seem to me that such things
ought to bo acted on separately.
Mr. DAVIS. If there was any other place un-
der the sunofheaven wherel could plant this pro-
vision at this late day of the session, I would do
so; but I trust there will be a vote upon it with-
out any debate.
Mr. FOSTER. If that can be done I have no
objection.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the Senator
from Kentucky that I think the second section of
the bill known as the confiscation bill, which has
passed the two Houses, embraces everything that
is contained in his amendment. I am satisfied that
it contains every possible aid that can be given to
the insurrection.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to present two or three
other amendments; but I propose that a silent tcsj.
vote shall be taken on this amendment. If this
one fails, I shall press none of the others. I ask
for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YF.AS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Davis, Grimes,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Fomeroy, Sheruiun, Simmons, Sumner, Wade,
YVIIkinson, Wilmot, and Wright—18.
NAVS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Kennedy, Powell,
Itiee, SauMmry, Stark, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Willey,
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the lull to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the title was
amended so as to read, " An act in relation to the
competency of witnesses in trials of equity and
admiralty, and for other purposes."
EFFICIENCY OF ENGINEER, COllPS.
Mr. RICE. I am instructed by the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia to report back
House bill No. 523, to promote the efficiency of
the corps of engineers and of the ordnance and
quartermaster's departments, and for other pur-
poses, and to ask that it be put upon its passage.
It is recommended, I believe, by everybody, and
1 presume there will be no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota asks leave to report a bill, and
also asks unanimous consent to consider it at the
present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I'had a motion pending to
take up House bill No. 369, and gave way at the
request of the Senator from Connecticut to bring
in this other bill which I did not suppose would
take any time. It has occupied most of the even-
ing, and now it is proposed to let another bill come
in. It seems to me I shall never have an oppor-
tunity to get up House bill No. 362, which is an
important bill, if I give way all the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill of the
Senator from Minnesota can only be entertained
by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I object, and move
to proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
362.
Mr. RICE. It is not necessary for the Senator
to object. After his statement, I will ask that this
bill be laid aside until his bill is considered.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
362.
Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senate will nottake up thatbill. If we do we shall
spend a great deal of time upon it, and I have no
idea that the bill is going to pass this Congress.
I think it would be one of the most disastrous
things that could happen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved by
the Senator from Illinois that the Senate postpone
all prior orders and proceed to the consideration
of-the bill indicated by him.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. That tests the
question. I want to see if wo cannot get some
action on this House bill, or whether this Con-
gress is determined to adjourn without taking any
action whatever, or giving a tijal to men who have
been confined, some of them for a year without
knowing for what. I should like to have this
bill taken up, and see what the disposition of the
Senate is upon it. 1 trust the Senate will riot go
into executive session, for it is evident the design
is to get rid of this bill.
Mr.POWELL. I do hope the Senate will take
up the bill indicated by the Senator from Illinois.
There is certainly no bill before the Senate of so
much importance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that we shall not agree
to that motion, but will take up this bill, and have
a vote upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. Let us see if we cannot get up this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident that if we pro-
ceed with the consideration of the bill just moved
by the Senator from Illinois, it will occupy the
whole of this evening. Now, it is known that
there is important business in executive session
which we ought to attend to. I hope, therefore,
the Senate will go into executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. RICE. We all have had our dinners, and
we can just as well stay until morning as not.
We all know that if we go into executive session,
there will be no bill considered afterwards. After
an executive session,as has been universally the
case, we shall adjourn; and as"there are onlyxa
few bills pending, why can we not stay and act
upon them, and then go into executive session?
We can certainly do all this, and get home time
enough for our breakfasts.
Mr. ANTHONY. I only wish to say that I
shall not allow any vote that I give to be a test
vote unless I agree to it in fflvance. This may
he a test vote for the Senator from Illinois, but it
is not for me. I shall vote to go into executive
session, because I think we have business there
that we ought to proceed with.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Hale, Hairis, How-
ard, Howe, King, Morrill, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyclt,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—18.
NAYt?—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Foster, Harlan, Hen-
deison, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Pom-
eroy, Powell, Riee, Saulsbury, Shennan, Stark, Trumbull,
Wilkinson, Willey, Wihnot, Wilson ot Missouri, and
Wright—Su.
So the Senate refused to go into executive ses-
sion.
SETTLEMENT OF NEGROES IN WEST INDIES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 36'2.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. It is said one good turn deserves
another. The honorable Senatorfrom lllinoisgave
way a short time since for a bill which he sup-
posed would not take time. I have one now which
I am persuaded will not take any time, except the
time necessary to vote upon it. The honorable
Senatorfrom New York [Mr. Kmc] has sug-
gested that whenever the bill came up, he should
ask for o vote upon it, but was not disposed to
debate it. I am prevented, therefore, from moving
to take it up, except when there is a quorum pres-
