THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 18G2.
New Series No. 27.
fire-arms for any loyal and legitimate purpose?
No, sir. A sale could only be made to him on
the supposition that war was imminent or really
existed. I ask gentlemen for an explanation of that
point. If the letter was perfectly innocent, if no
state of war was then contemplated, why go to
Davis to sell arms? Why not as well go to any
Senator upon this floor and offer to sell him an
improved fire-arm? As it .strikes me, it could
have had but one single object—to give aid and
comfort to the public enemies of the United States.
Upon this question I desiie to be understood. I
suppose that disloyalty may exist without actual
treason. Simple disloyalty may exist and not in-
volve the crime of tieason. Disloyalty consists
in intention; it is a sentiment of the heart. Trea-
son can only consist in overt acts, in levying war
against the United States, and in giving aid and
comfort to the public enemy. If disloyalty is good
cause for the expulsion of a member—as I sup-
pose no Senator will deny—a member may be
guilty of disloyalty to the Government and not be
technically guilty of treason. But if we were forced
to place the argument upon that ground, I take it
that there is enough in the letter unexplained to
convict the Senator of treason before a jury of the
country. What is treason against the CJmted
States? "Treason against the United States,"
according to the Constitution, " shall consist only
in levying war against them, or in adhering to their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort." Here are
thiee distinct offenses constituting the crime of
treason. What is the first? Levying war against
theUnited States. If you sell an improved fire-arm
to a rebel in anus already using arms for the pur-
pose of overthrowing the Government, do you not
aid him to levy war against the United States?
That is the first clement in the crime of treason.
The next is, " by adhering to their enemies,giv-
ing them aid and comfort." What do we under-
stand by adheiing to public enemies? Doingany-
thing calculated to advance their cause, and to
strengthen their opposition to the Government of
the United States by force of arms. Then I be-
lieve that the letter unexplained has in it all the
essential elements of treason. If my colleague
shall succeed m clearing every taint of disloyalty
and treason from his character and conduct, no
man will rejoice more heartily at it than I shall;
but I take the letter precisely as the record pre-
sents it.
So much for the letter of the 1st of March, and
the object for which it was written—the sale of an
improved fire-arm to Jefferson Davis. Against
whom was that improved fire-arm to be used?
Against the President of the United States, against
the constituted authorities of that Government
which the Senator had sworn to support. It may
be that thatimproved fire-arm added to the slaugh-
ter at Bull Run; it may be that that improved fire-
arm of Thomas B. Lincoln added to the terrible
butchery at Ball's Bluff—a butchery which fills
the nation's eyes with tears, but which brings no
blush of shame to the nation's cheek; for there
heroes as grand as human history has ever em-
balmed earned a martyr's glory and a martyr's
grave. The blood runs back co'ld upon my heart
when I think that peihaps those ill-fated sons of
Pennsylvaniaanu Massachusetts may have reaped
the first lino, rich fruits of Thomas B. Lincoln's
improved lire-arms at Ball's Bluff.
Gut, s'r, 3 shall not fatigue the Senate by a fur-
ther reference to this letter of the 1st of March.
You know to whom it was written, and the cir-
cumstances under which it was written. You are
prepared to make up your judgment in reference
to Us character. I approach now another letter;
the one written on the 7th of September, 1861,
addressed to Mr. Fitch, of Madison. In that let-
ter there is, to my mind, a sentiment far more ob-
noxious to the charge of disloyalty than anything
contained in the first letter.
What is loyalty? Faith, good faith to the Gov-
ernment under which we live. Every native-born
citizen owes loyalty to the Government under
whose protection he'is born. That Government
in return owes him protection. That loyalty re-
27
suits, it may be, from the accidents of birth and
residence; but every foreign-born citizen owes
the same loyalty whenever he takf-s the oath of
allegiance to this Government. Then, what is
disloyalty? Unfaithfulness to the Government.
Are the sentiments contained_in this second letter
consistent with good faith to the Government? I
pass by all that is said upon the subject of aboli-
tion. You have already heard one much more
competent to speak upon that subject than I have
ever pretended to be—the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts. When he passes from the
topic of abolition I, at least, should not hope to
add any interest to it. I have no charge to make
j m reference to what is said in this second letter
| against abolitionists; but the sentiment in it to
| which I wish to call your attention is this; " I have
• always been, and am now, opposed to alltheeoer-
j cive measures of the Geneial Government."
What arc these coercive measures? It is a wide
and a most significant phrase—" I have always
been and am now opposed to all the coercive meas-
ures of the General Government." Repeating the
same argument that was used here during the last
session of the Senate, against the coercion of a
State, I suppose my distinguished colleague meant
that he was opposed to the coercion of o State.
Well, sir, what is coercion as used by the Gen-
eral Government? Ir is the use of the power, the
physical force of the General Government, to en-
force the laws in the seccded States, to preserve the
Union, and to protect the public property. Gen-
tlemen say sometimes that they are opposed to the
coercion of a State. The thing is utterly impos-
sible under the theory of our Constitution. You
may not coerce a State in any event. The Con-
stitution of the United States within the scope and
sphere of the powers there conferred by it, is par-
amount and supreme, and operates not upon States
but upon individuals; and the enforcement of the
laws against rebellious citizens is not obnoxious
to the charge of coercing a State. The laws of
the United States operate directly upon the rebel-
lious individuals; and n matters not whether they
are one or five hundred, the principle is precisely
the same, except that wherever an organized re-
sistance to the laws assumes such vast and gigan-
tic proportions as to interfere with the ordinary
process of the courts of ITiw, it then becomes in-
surrection and rebellion, and the President, by the
terms of the Constitution, has the power, nay
more, it is his sworn duty to crush and putdown
that rebellion or insurrection. So mucii for the
doctrine of coercion as it exists in the Federal
Constitution.
The distinguished Senator from DeUwaie says
lie knows that some men believe it is treason and
disloyally to find fault with the Republican party.
I, Mr. President,am notobnoxiousto thatcharge.
If 1 know myself, I allow and I claim the largest
liberty, the utmost freedom of thought and of
speech. But is there no difference between op-
posing the coercive policy of the Administration
m reference to a systematic conspiracy to destroy
the Government, and opposing the dogmas or the
platform of a party? Cannot gentlemen see the
world-wide distinction between a party platform
and the Constitution of the United States ? I owe
allegiance to the Constitution; I have sworn alle-
giance to il as a citizen and as a Senator. Cannot
gentlemen see the wide distinction between oppo-
sition to the Republican party and opposition to
the Government under which we live? But it has
also become fashionable m certain quarters to make
prejudice against this war by calling it " an abo-
lition war," "Lincoln's war," and "Lincoln's
abolition war." Who is Lincoln ? The servant j
of the people—a faithful servant. Is this his Gov- |
ernment? No, sir; it is your Government, my ;
Government, the Government of the people; and 1
the man who, in a crisis like this, can talk of!
"Lincoln's war" is a ready-made slave to the !
hand of any tyrant who chooses to use him. [Ap- j
plause in the galleries.]
The VICE "PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. "Lincoln's war,"
indeed ! Can gentlemen, in their love of party,
forget all that they owe to country ? Suppose you
have been defeated by tjie Republican party in
your race for position and power: have you not
yet the grandest j)eoplc, the noblest Constitution,
the freest Government upon earth? I ask you to
direct your attention to the Government of the
country, and if possible forget the behests of party.
But, Mr. President, to return. What are the
coercive measures of the present Administration ?
Prior to the 4th of March last, the Secretary of
War, under the then existing Administration, or-
dered all the regular forces convenient to the city
of Washington to hasten here, for the purposeof
preserving the peace during the inauguration cere-
monies of the 4th of March. That was one of
the coercive measures of the Government. Do
gentlemen oppose that? Have they opposed that
from the beginning? Did they desire that the light
of freedom should be quenched in the blood of her
votaries in this high Senate Chamber on the 4th
of March ? If not, I suppose they did not oppose
that as one of the coercive measures of the Gov-
ernment.
After the inauguration of the rebel government;
after the appointment of its cabinet officers; after
they beleaguered the city of Charleston, and seized
and plundered your public property all over the
southern States, the President issued his procla-
mation calling forth seventy-five thousand of the
volunteer militia of the United States. That was
another measure of " coercive policy." Do gen-
tlemen oppose that? Have they opposed it? If
so, follow out that opposition to its legitimate
conclusions, and what does it result in? That you
would have been driven long ere this time from
the scats you now occupy here.
The increase of the Army wasanothermeasure
of " coercive policy;" the proclamation for two
hundred thousand volunteers was another meas-
ure of " coercive policy;" the incarceration of reb-
els and traitors in the public prisons was another
measure of like character*, the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus was another measure of " co-
ercive policy;" to all of which measures my dis-
tinguished colleague interposes his opposition—
his unfaltering, persistent, and determined oppo-
sition. But, Mr. President, these coercive meas-
ures of the Administration have still a wider scope.
Every single dollar voted by way of taxes is a
coercive measure of the Administration; for with-
out taxes you cannot maintain your armies, and
feed and clothe and march them. Then every act
of taxation is one of the coercive measures of this
Administration; and surely in a state of war like
the present, the levying-of taxes is not only a
measure of coercive policy, but is indispensable
to the prosecution of this war. I know that gen-
tlemen seek to create a prejudice against this war
by crying out "hard times and high taxes;"seek
to inaugurate a counter revolution by appealing to
the most ignoble and detestable motives that can
evcrcontrol human action. Your fathers had hard
times and high taxes for seven years during the
Revolution, and to that cause you owe your right
to sit here now in high council and deliberation.
I know not how it may be with other Senators,
but for myself I am in favor of every single meas-
ure of coercion adopted by the Administration. I
will vote the last dollar in taxes, the last soldier
that may be callcd for; nay, more, I will prose-
cute this war at any and all hazards, even though
it should result in the bankruptcy of every indi-
vidual and corporation in the Union. I would give
the very garments off my shoulders to prosecute
the war; nay, more, I would die a pauper, and be
buried by public chanty, rather than suffer the
war to fail for want of taxes. [Applause in the
galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will clear the gallery to the right of the
Chair, and debate will be suspended until that
order is carried into execution.
The Scrgeant-at-Arms cleared the western and
northwestern galleries.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, no one
regrets more than I do the interruption that has
just taken place in violation of the decorum of the
