1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3859
entj There is a quorum now present, and I be-
lieve a simple vote will dispose of the bill. It is
the bill in regard to the slave trade, whieh is of
importance. I do not believe it will occasion any
debate. If it does, I will not ask that it be con-
tinued. The honorable Senator from New York,
however, will ask for the yeas and nays upon it,
and that is, as I believe, all the time it will take
to pass the bill, or to reject it, one way or the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to al-
lowing a call of the yeas and nays upon it; but I
cannot allow a bill to come in to displace this.
Mr. FOSTER. If it goes beyond that, I will not
ask that it be continued, if the Senator willkindly
give way.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator from Con-
necucut will not ask to displace this bill.
Mr. FOSTER. It is simply to take the yeas
and nays. If it goes be yond that I will not insist
upon it.
Mr. POWELL. Very well.
Mr. FOSTER. Then I move to take up Senate
bill No. 385, to amend an act entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled c An act in addition to the
acts prohibiting the slave trade.' "
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. KING. Let the bill be read through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate well understand
it. This is the bill to allow Africans captured from
slavers to be taken to the West India Islands. The
question came up on a communication from the
Danish minister. We all understand it, and I
presume it is not necessary to read the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. It simply enlarges the power
of the President in regard to the disposition of
captured Africans.
Mr. KING. I should like to have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thereadmgis
called for, and the bill will be read.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides that
it may be lawful for the President of the United
States to enter into arrangement, by contract or
otherwise, with one or more foreign Governments
having possessions in the West Indies or other
tropical regions, or with their duly constituted
agent or agents, to receive from the United States,
for a term not exceeding five years, at such place
or places as shall be agreed upon, all negioes,
mulattocs, or persons of color, delivered from on
board vessels seized in the prosecution of the slave
trade by commanders of United States armed ves-
sels, and-to provide them with suitable instruc-
tion, and with comfortable clothing and shelter,
and to employ them, at wages, under such regu-
lations as shall be agreed upon, for a period not
exceeding five years from the date of their being
landed at the place or places agreed upon; but the
United States are to incur no expenses on account
of the negroes, mulattoes, or persons of color, after
having landed them at the place or places agreed
upon. Any arrangement so made may be renewed
by the President of the United States from time to
time, as may be found necessary or desirable, for
periods not exceeding five years on cach renewal.
The President of the United States is also au-
thorized to issue instructions to the commanders
of the armed vessels of the United States, directing
them, whenever it shall be practicable, and under
such rules and regulations as he shall prescribe,
to proceed directly to such place or places as shall
have been agreed upon with any foreign Govern-
ment, or its duly constituted agent or agents, under
the provisions of the first section of this act, and
there deliver to the duly constituted authorities,
or agents of such foreign Government all negroes
mulattoes, or persons of color, delivered from on
board vessels seized in the prosecution of the slave
trade, afterwards taking the vessel and persons en-
gaged in prosecuting the slave trade to the proper
place for trial and adjudication.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the thiid time.
Mr. KING. Regarding tins as a sort of ap-
prenticeship system I am opposed to it; and ask
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
I desire to record my vote against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS jtfessis. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Dooliuk\Fnou Fo^er, Grime*. Hale, Han is, Hen-
derson, Howard, Howe, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Morrill, Powell, Itice,Saulsbury, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Stark, Sumner, Trumbull, Willev, Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Harlan, King, Pomeroy, Ten
Eyek, Wade, and Wilmot—7.
So the bill was passed.
DISCHARGE 03? STATE PRISONERS.
Mr. RICE. Now I ask the Senate to take up
the bill to which I referred before, House bill No.
523. I presume there will be no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill just passed was
a bill interjected by the Senator from Connecticut
after my motion had been agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I beg pardon.
* Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we may now go on
with House bill No. 362.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 362) to
provide for the discharge of State prisoners and
others, and to authorize the judges of the United
States courts to take bail or recognizances to se-
cure the trial of the same. It directs the Secretary
of State and the Secretary of War forthwith, or
as soon as may be practicable, to furnish to the
judges of the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States and of the District of Columbia, a list
of the names of all persons, citizens of States in
which the administration of the laws has con-
tinued unimpaired in the Federal courts, who are
now, or may hereafter be held, as prisoners of the
United States in any fort, arsenal, or other place,
as State or political prisoners, or otherwise than
as prisoners of war; the list to contain the names
of all such who reside in the respective jurisdic-
tions of the judges, or who may be deemed by the
Secretaries, or either of them, to have violated any
law of the United States in any of those jurisdic-
tions, and also the date of each arrest.
In all cases where a grand jury having attended
those courts, or either of them having jutisdiction
in the premises, since the arrest of the persons,
has terminated its session without finding an indict-
ment, or presentment, or other proceeding against
such persons, and in cases hereinafter provided
for, it is to be the duty of the judges forthwith to
order the discharge of such prisoner from impris-
onment, and every officer of the United States,
having custody of such prisoner, is directed im-
mediately to obey and execute the judge*s order,
and in case he shall delay or refuse so to do, he
is to be subject to indictment for a misdemeanor,
and be punished by a fine of not less than $500,
and imprisonment m the common jail for a period
not less than six months, in the discretion of the
court. Incaseanyofsuch prisoners shall be under
indictment or presentment for any offense against
the laws of the United States, and by existing
laws bail or a recognizance may be taken for the
appearance for trial of such peison, it is to be the
duty of the judges at once to discharge such per-'
son upon bad or recognizance for trial. In case
the Secretaries of State and War shall for any rea-
son refuse or omit to furnish the list within five
days from and after the passage of this act, any
ciLizen may, bya petition alleging the facts afore-
said touching any of the persons so imprisoned,
supported by the oath of such petitioner" or any
other credible person, obtain and be entitled to
have the judge's order to discharge such prisoner;
but the judge is to be satisfied such allegations are
true, and in all cases included in the provisions of
this act; or if the public safety shall require it, is
to have power and be required to take a recogni-
zance or bail from sucii prisoner to keep the peace
and be ofgood behaviortowardsthe United States,
and also to appear beforethe proper court, if he
shall deem it necessary after due examination of
the case; and it is to be the duty of the district at-
torney of the United States to attend at such ex-
amination by the judge. It will be lawful for the
President of the United States, whenever, in his
judgment, by reason of " rebellion or invasion,
the^public safety may require it," to suspend by
proclamation the privileges of the writ of habeas cor-
pus throughout the United States, or in any part
thereof; and whenever and wherever the writ
shall be suspended, it will be unlawful/or any of
the judges of the several courts of the United States,
or of any State, to allow the writ, anything in this
act or in any other act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out the first and second sections of th<> bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Let them be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows.*
That the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Warbe,
and the)' arc hereby, directed forthwith, or as soon as may
be practicable, to furnish to the judges of the circuit and
district courts of the United Slates and of the District of Co-
lumbia, a list of the name* of all persons, citizens of States
in which the administration of the law.-? has continued un-
impaired in the said Federal courts, who are now, or may
hereafter be held, as prisoners of the United States in any
foit, arsenal, or other place, as State or political prisoners,
or otherwise than as prisoners of war; the said list to con-
tain the names ofall such who reside in the respective juris-
dictions of said judges, or who may be deemed by the said
Secretaries, or either of them, to have violated any law of
the United States in any of said juusdictions, and also the
date of each arrest. And in all cases where a grand jury
having attended said courts, or either of them having juifo-
diction in the premises, since the arrest of said poison-*, has
terminated its session without finding an indictment, or
presentment, or otherproceeding against such peison?. and
in cases heicinafterprovided for, it shall be the duty of said
judges forthwith to oider the dischaige of such piisoner
from said hnpiisonment, and every officer of the United
States having custody of such prisoner is hereby directed
immediately"to obey and execute said judge's order; and
in case he shall delayer lefuse so to do, he shall be subject
to indictment for a misdemeanor, and be pum&hed hyaline
of not less than $500, and imprisonment in the common jail
for a peiiod not iess than six months, in the discretion of
the court.
Sec. 2. dndbe it further cnacted^ That in case any ofsuch
prisoners shall be under indictment or presentment for any
offense against the laws of the United States, and by ex-
isting laws, bail or a ieeogniy.aiiceiu.iy be taken lor the ap-
pearance (or trial of sneh person, it *hall ho the duty of said
judges at once to disehatge Mich person upon bail or recog-
nizance for uial as atoieMud And m ease the said Secie-
taries of State and Wat shall fbi any reason icfusc or omit to
furnish the said list within live days fiom and after the pas-
sage ot this act, any citizen may, by a petition alleging the
f.icts afoies.nd touching any of the pctsuns so as aforesaid
imprisoned, supported hy the oath ofsueh petitioner or any
other credible person, obtain and be entitled to have the
said judge's order to discharge sueh prisoner: I'ronded,
however, That the said judge shall be satisfied such allega-
tions aie true, and shall al^o in all ea^es included in the
piovisums of this act, or if the public safety shall ivqmie
it, have power and be reqmicd to take a loeognizanec or
bail from sueh prisoner to keep /he peace and be oi good
behavioi towaids the United States, and also to appear be-
fore the proper eonit, if he shall deem the «<ame lieees^atv
aftei due examination of the oa^e ; and its-hull be the duty
of the dwiriet attorney of the United States to attend at such
examination by said judge.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 hope the
Senate will strike out those two sections of the bill.
I regard the first section, and, in fact, the second,
to be a jail delivery of traitors. 1 hope, sir, when
we have a general and univeisal demand for more
vigor in the prosecution of the war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, that the Congress of the
United-States is not to close its labors by releas-
ing from the prisons where they are now confined
men wlio have been plotting treason against the
country. I believe that the Government of the
United States has acted with more humanity than
any Government that has existed from the found-
ation of the world that has been threatened by
insurrection and rebellion. I do not believe that
coming generations will arraign the Government
'of the United States with having acted cruelly to
any portion of those who have been plottingtreason
against the country. Oil the contrary, I believe
that the verdict of the present and the verdict of
the future will be that the Government has acted
quite too leniently towards those persons. I think
the judgment of this country, and the judgment
of Congress to-day is, that we have dealt too
gently with persons who have been plotting trea-
son against the country. While we are calling
upon the Government for renewed and increased
vigor of action; while we are arraigning the Ad-
ministration for carrying on the war in the way
in which it has been carried on, and for its man-
ner of dealing with men who, all over this coun-
try, have been daily and nightly plotting treason,
we propose here a general jail delivery, to dis-
charge from the prisons where they are now con-
fined, men who have been placed there on evidence
overwhelming and complete, now in the offices of
this Government, for plotting the overthrow of
this Government. I hope the Senate of the Uni-
ted States will pause before it turns out upon the
country the men who a few months ago were
doing all in their power to carry States out of the
Union and to overthrow the Government of the
country.
Why, sir, the bill provides that ifagrandjury
has held and closed its sessions where these men
are confined, and has made no presentment, they
are to be discharged from their confinement. I
think there is something in the first and second
sections of this hill thatconveysa cens-meon the
