88m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15.
Secretary of State and the Secretary of War. I
say for myself, I thank the Secretary of State ana
the Secretary of War for laying the hand of this
Government upon the black-hearted traitQrswho
were plotting its ruin, and shutting them up w here
they could do no harm to their country.. I think
the Government deserve our thanks for the little
they have done. I believe there are to-day hun-
dreds of men in this country who ought immedi-
ately to be arrested and consigned to confinement,
where they can do no harm to the country.
I hope, therefore, that this bill is not to receive
the sanction of the Senate of the United States. I
believe its passage will be a blow at our country
in this the darkest hour it has ever seen. Desir-
ing to do all in my powser to carry my country tri-
umphantly through this contest, to carry it through
these hours of gloom to a brighter day, I am op-
posed to the bill, and shall vote against it in any
and every form. The third section of the bill, au-
thorizing the President of the United States to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus, I think very well,
and am very willing tr> vote for it; but I am utterly
opposed to the first two sections.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a House bill which
was referred to the Judiciary Committee of this
body,and the committee has reported itback,rec
ommending its passage. The bill, perhaps, may
not be perfect; possibly it ought to be amended.
I should like myself to see it in a different shape
in some respects; but the committee thought it ad-
visable to recommend its passage as it came from
the House, as an amendment to it now might
hazard the passage of it into a law at the present
session. But the Senator from Massachusetts
comes in, and, without attempting to perfect the
bill, moves to strike out the first two sections
which relate to the persons who have beenin con-
finement for political offenses. He is unwilling
to take any action, as it would seem by his mo-
tion, upon that subjqpt; and he thinks it entirely
out of place when Congress and the country are
calling upon the Government for more efficient
measures towards the traitors that we should in-
stitute a general jail delivery.
Now, sir, we should not confound things to-
gether that are unlike. I am as much for efficient
measures against the rebels aS the Senator from
Massachusetts, or anybody else. X am for pur-
suing them with all the power of our armies, for
crushing them outj and for carrying on this war
as a war. I understand war to moan desolation
and destruction and death; and I am for_admin-
istering death, desolation, and destruction to the
rebels m arms against this Government.
But, sir, what has tins bill to do with that?
While I am for doing that, I am not for punishing
innocent men. Is the Senator fiom Massachu-
setts? Because he wants to pursue with all the
(lower of the Government the rebels in arni  against
the Government, is he, therefore, going to accom-
plish it by putting into prison men in the loyal-
States of this Union—and this bill applies to none
others—and confining them in prison without tell-
ings them for what; without telling them why they
are arrested; without telling them how long they
may be confined; without leuingthcm know what
they have done; without giving them an oppoitu-
nity to answer? He assumes that they are trai-
tors. How do you know thoy are traitors ? If
they are traitors, will this bill discharge them?
Not at all; the grand jury will present them; and
they will not be bailed; they will not get out if
they are traitors. He says they have got the evi-
dence. In the name of Heaven, then, bring it
against them and not keep them in prison, but lot
them swing from the gallows if they are traitors.
The Senator from Massachusetts assumes that
these men are traitors; and he says they have the
evidence. In the name of Heaven, then, bring it
forth and let them be put upon their trial before
the country, and lot us see this evidence, and let
us execute them as traitors. But will it do to
assume that they arc traitors?
I have seen in this Senate, time and again, the
Constitution interposed for the protection of armed
rebels. When we attempt to pass confiscajion
bills, when we attempt to pass laws which shall
strike down armed rebels, we are met with the
Constitution; but here, where men are arrested,
not by the military power, but are arrested by an
order without the authority of law, in loyal por-
tions of this country, where judicial process has
not been obstructed, and are placed in prisons, and
are confined for weeks and months and years,
shall they not be permitted to invoke the Consti-
tution in their behalf? Are they not entitled to a
trial, to a hearing ? This bill does not propose to
interfere with prisoners of war, but only with
those persons who say they are innocent. The
Senator from Massachusetts says they are guilty.
Let that question be tried by the proper tribunals
of the country; and if they are guilty, let them
suffer the punishment due to their guilt, and no
man will complain. But, sir, suppose they are
innocent, then how is it? Are they to lie in prison
and rot? What relief is there for them ? What
hope is there for them ? When are they to come
out? By what authority are they kept in prison ?
Will the Senator from Massachusetts tell me?*
If the provisions of the bill will operate to the
prejudice of the Union cause, let us amend it, let
us change it, but not defeat it entirely. I should
be glad, myself, to see the bill changed in some
respects, though I do not propose offering amend-
ments, as I am instructed by the Judiciary Com-
mittee to report it to the Senate without amend-
ment. It is to me extraoidinary that we have sat
here so long as we have and have taken no steps
to vindicate the Constitution and constitutional
liberty. I ask", what is the Constitution good for,
and what is the law good for, if in the peaceable
portions of the country, if in judicial districts
where the execution of the law has not been inter-
fered with, a man cannot claim the protection of
the Constitution and of the laws?
Sir, this is a Government of laws, and the safety
of our republican institutions, and of republican
institutions every where, depends u pon oui observ-
ance of the law. It will nut do to say that we can-
not observe the law in times like these ill portions
of the country where there is no commotion to in-
terfere with the ordinary administration ofjustice.
The danger would he that innocent men would suf-
fer rather than that the guilty would escape. The
probabilities would be that the prejudices would
be such against men tinctured with treason, that
jurors would be inclined to find"them guilty on
insufficient testimony, rather than that they would
let those who were guilty escapc.
Now, sir, I do trust that the motion of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will not prevail. I
think this is due to these persons who have been
confined, and who allege that they are innocent.
I know the Senator from Massachusetts says they
are guilty. Who is to determine that ? Will he
undertake to determine that the persons who have
been arrested and confined arc guilty ? Does not
that Senator know that scores of men have been
arrested and confined for weeks and months and
then have been discharged, it appearing that there
was no sort of evidence against them?
Mr. WILSON of Massachusetts. I do not
know it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I know it. A
commission has discharged scores of them. Men
are about this city who have been discharged for
a length of time. They either ought not to have
been &>nfinod, or else they should have been put
upon their trial for the offense which led to their
arrest. Numerous political prisoners, as they
were called, have been discharged; and I think
it due to the others who are in confinement that
tfiey should have an opportunity to be heard.
That is all this bill proposes. It is not a general
jail delivery for traitors. No traitor can escape
under it. None but the innocent will escape.
Would the Senator from Massachusetts hold the
innocent in prison ? I know lie would not. Let
us not be misled m our zeal to put down this re-
bellion, which is to be«pardoned in any one, and
which I trust I feel as strongly as any one. I say,
in our anxiety to crush this wicked rebellion, let
us not do injustice to innocent men. I will not
say that these persons who were arrested are in-
nocent, though I have just as good a right to say
they are innocent as the Senator from Massachu-
setts has to say they are guilty; that is the very
question that should be decided. Let that be tried
by an impartial jury, and if they are innocent
they will be discharged, and if they are guilty
they will be made to suffer for their crimes.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Illinois says this is not a general jail de-
livery. 1 maintain that if this bill passes, and if the
grand jury of the city of Washington has held a
session since certain persons were arrested, and
has not found a bill against them, they are to be
immediately discharged. I maintain that by the
provisions of the jirst section of this bill, if the
grand^iry in the city of Baltimore has held a ses-
sion since the members oft lie Legislature of Mary-
land and other persons concerned in treasonable
acts in that State were confined in Fort McHenry,
and have not found bills against them, they will
be at once discharged by the passage of this
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I should like to inquire
if the members of the Legislature were not dis-
charged some time ago ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The mem-
bers of the Legislature may have been discharged,
but there are a great many persons connected with
that movement still in Fort McHenry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I may be misinformed,
but my understanding is that they were discharged
some time ago.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They have
not all been discharged, I think. There are many
persons there that were arrested last year, who
were engaged in the movement to take Maryland
out of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. Have their cases been sub-
mitted to the grand jury ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Here is what
this bill says. I want the Senate to understand it:
Ami in ail caseswhere a grand jury iiaving attended said
courts, oi either of them having jurisdiction in the prem-
ises, since tlie eh iest of said persons, has terminated its ses-
sion WilhoulfindnigHnindictmentjOrpiesentment, orother
proceeding against such persons, and in pases heteinafter
provided tor, it shall be liie duty of said judges foithwith to
oidcr the discharge of such prisoner from said imprison-
ment ; and every officer of the United States having cus-
tody of suell prisoner is hereby directed immediately to
obey and exeeute said judge's otder; and in ease ho shall
delay or refuse so to do, he shall be subject to indictment
for a misdemeanor, and be punished by a fine of not less
than .$500, and imprisomnentin the common jail for a period
not less than bix months, in the discretion oi tlie court.
I think tha( mieans that if, in the district of
country where these persons are under arrest, the
courts have been held, and a grand jury has met,
and has not taken up their cases and found bills
against them since their arrest, they shall be dis-
charged by the passage of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator whether the evidence which Ife says is in the
possession of the State Department has been sub-
mitted to a grand jury ?
Mr. WILSON," of Massachusetts. I do not
know that.
Mr, COLLAMER. Allow me a word.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. The probability is, and 1
understand there are many such cases, that these
persons, if the testimony were presented to a grand
jury, would be indicted, and probably would be
convictcd. The point that can easily be conceived
is that the Government does not desire to begin the
business of hanging, and these men do not want to
be tried and hung. It is not thought advisable to
begin that business. Indictments have not been
found, both because the Government does not
think it best to push them, and because the parties
themselves do not insist upon it. We can easily
conceive of a great many such cases as that. But
the effect of this bill, as it now stands, is, that
though that complaint has not been made, though
that testimony has not been presented for the rea-
sons I have stated, still the man must be discharged
forthwith.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I see that
I was right, and I am glad to be sustained by the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. POWELL. Allow me one word. I will
state to the Senator from Vermont, that the police
commissioners of Baltimore presented their me-
morial to this Senate one year ago, asking either
to be released, or to be handed over to the civil
tribunals for trial.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman would
listen to meand make his usual discrimination, he
would understand what I mean; and that is that
the bill should be so drawn that those who desire
to.be tried should have a trial, and those whom
neither the Government nor themselves desire to
have trial at present should not be compelled to
have their trial or be released immediately.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am sure
the Senator from Vermont is right when he says
that the Government of the United States have not
been anxious to bring those persons to trial. They
