418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Senate.' I may perhaps have been betrayed into
a warmth unbecoming' the occasion, but i hope it
will be attributed only to my desire to advance
the great interests of our common country, and
not to a desire to appeal to outsiders who have no
right to decide the grave question upon which we
are now deliberating.
X was endeavoring to show that every tax bill
of the last session and the present session of
Congress was directly, in its intent, meaning, and
spirit, a part and parcel of the coercive measures
of the present Administration. I suppose the
assembling of your troops to defend the capital
is another act of coercion upon the part of the
General Government. What would gentlemen
have? Would they oppose that act of coeicion?
It is surely embraced m the scope of the second
letter of my distinguished colleague. We are told
that we may not invade a State, a sovereign State.
In order to defend the capital at Washington it
is necessary to take possession of Arlington
heights and Alexandria, to march your armies
into Virginia to defend the capital. That, accord-
ing to the logic of gentlemen, is an net of coercion;
but could it have been dispensed with? Could
the President have refused, m the exercise of his
high power, to defend the capital where the Gov-
ernment was administered? If he could not, then
surely there is one act of coercion which my col-
leagueWould not oppose, and which he has not
opposed. I suppose the sailing of your coast fleet
to Hatteras Inlet was an act of coercion. I sup-
pose that the expedition to Beaufort, under Du-
pont and Sherman, was another of the coercive
measures of the present Administration. It has
become so fashionable to oppose the doctrine of
cocrcion, that it seems at times there is danger of
this fatal heresy scizingupon officers high in com-
mand in your Army, and paralyzing the upraised
arm of this great nation ready to strike down
rebellion.
The expedition to South Carolina was one of
the coercive measures of tiie Administration, and
it was a measure calh?d for by the exigencies of
the times and by the situation of the country, and
I only regret that it has not done more to punish
traitors and crush rebellion I only regret that
that expedition has not long ere this left Charles-
ton aheap of smoldering ruins—the only fit mon-
ument for her transcendent folly and enormous
crime. That would have been an act of coercion
that would have met my hearty cooperation and
support,
bo of the other coastwise expeditions; they are
acts of coercion. The stationing of your troops
upon the Potomac river is an act of coercion that
gentlemen oppose. While they are opposing these
acts of coercion, why do they not tell us about
cocrcion upon the other aide? Why do they not
tell about tin; two hundred thousand troops whose
morning drum-beat and nightly tattoo are almost
in hearing of the capital > Why not speak of the
acts of coercion inaugurated by rebels ? Why not
speak of the open defiance at noon-day of a rebel
flag, wet with the blood of our slam soldiers,
flaunting in your face in sight of the dome of this
very Capitol? There is an act of coercion that
nobody seems to denounce; but to my mind it is
an act which should be denounced by every pa-
triot, and by every citizen. Why not speak of the
rebel acts of coercion in Missouri? When the
icbellion broke out, and an attempt was made to
force Missouri into secession against the declared
will of her own people, sixty thousand rebels in
arms were brought to bear to crush out all loy-
alty and truth in the Commonwealth of Missouri,
and our armies were rallied there around the stand-
ard of the country to oppose traitors, and to pro-
tect the loyal. Tfiat was an act of cocrcion which
I will notbeUeve my colleague has always opposed
or over would oppose. An act of coercion is now
going on in the State of Kentucky. In the proud
and noble old Commonwealth where my eyes,
upon one of her ten thousand green lulls, first be-
held the light ot heaven, there an act of coercion
is going on—the use of the force of the General
Government to crush out treason,and protect loyal
men in Kentucky.
What in the history of the use of force in Ken-
tucky? In violation of expicss pledges, in viola-
tion^ the most sacred compacts, in violation of
the Constitution, that State is invaded by rebels
from abroad. They come to Kentucky with curses
on their hps, with arms m their hands, with hell
in their hearts to make a desolation of the loveliest
land that the sun ever shone upon; and yet, for
opposing them, we are to be told that we are co-
ercing a sovereign State 1 We are coercing a sov-
ereign State because weare defending the integrity
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. This heresy,
as I verily believe, this deadly heresy, has no foot-
hold in Indiana. She has shown that she does
believe in all the coercive policy of the General
Government. She has sent of her gallant sons
sixty thousand troops to uphold the proud flag of
the nation. Upon every battle-field where a single
son of Indiana has done battle for the cause and
the country, there victory has perched upon our
banners Her soldiers have plucked green laurels
from every well stricken battle-field to deck the
brow of our noble young Commonwealth. In-
diana, so far, thank God, has participated in no
reverse, no repulse, and no defeat; and so may it
be to the end, and let all the people say, ame-n.
So far, Indiana has shown that she does believe
in the coercive policy of the General Government,
and the whole of that coercive policy. Her citi-
zen soldiery at Cheat Mountain sealed with their
blood devotion to the doctrine of coercion. At
Carrack's Ford, at Gauley Bridge, at Laurel Hill,
at the Wild Cat Gap, in Kentucky, and more re-
cently at Somerset, the citizens of Indiana have
shown that they believe in the cocrcive policy of
this Government. The tenth Indiana regiment,
which was engaged in the recent battle at Somer-
set, was recruited in my own district, in my own
neighborhood, and I almost dread to hear of the
slain in that battle, for they are friends and neigh-
bors. The news of that battle, however glorious
it may be, will carry mourning and gloom and
sorrow to many a heart and many a hearthstone;
but it is a sacrifice that patriots have in every age
been called upon to render to their country; and
I trust that patriotism will always be equal to the
task. Whenever the national honor lequires a
sacrifice, Indiana will furnish the victim.
1 feel that I have already detained the Senate
longer than I should have done, perhaps, on this
occasion. There are other measures of coercion
about which I desire to speak for a few moments,
and it is the coercion that must emanate from the
Congress of the United States. I believe that the
war-making power, under the Constitution, rests
with Congress. 1 believe you cannot put aside
your duty in the matter. You are the giand in-
quest of the nation. You raise aimies, and feed
and clothe them. You cannot ignore your power.
It is "your duty to look to the proper prosecution
of this war. It is your constitutional and sworn
duty, and between you and that sacred duty you
cannot interpose the person of a President, a Sec-
retary of War, a commanding general, or any one
else. It is for you, speaking in behalf and in the
name of the people, to prosecute this great war
properly and for legitimate purposes. Why is the
war waged? Simply to coerce the rebellious cit-
izens of the seceded States; simply to enforce the
laws and preserve the Constitution and the Union.
"It liatli this extent, no more."
It was waged m behalf of the integrity of the
Constitution and the supremacy of the laws, and
whenever you turn aside fi om that high and holy
purpose and raise immaterial issues, that very
moment you paralyze the arm of the Republic.
1 believe that the power to confiscate property
of rebels is a power incident to all war, and more
particularly incident to this unnatural and unholy
war which is being waged against us. You may
confiscate your enemy's property m order to
weaken him. It is one of the ordinary war-mak-
ing powers, a power that may not be ignored
without madness, folly, and crime. But, Mr.
President, while I state this,.what is the limit,
, the constitutional limit to your power of confis-
l! cation, even in time of rebellion? Why do you
confiscate the property of rebels? Because by
their disloyalty they have thrown off their alle-
giance to the Government, because they seek to
annihilate the Constitution, to destroy the Union,
ii and they have forfeited all their rights, and you
1 are, therefore, perfectly justified in smiting thrm
in their person or in their property; but while
you have this acknowledged right, you have no
right to injure either the person or the property
of any loyal citizen in any State of the Union,
whether that State has seceded or not. You have
no light to destroy the property of a loyal citizen,
because the Govei nment owes him protection still.
He has not rebelled against her authority, he has
not trampled under foot her Constitution; you are
bound to protect his property, and his person.
But I desire to be understood. I supposed that
the right to confiscate the property of rebels em-
braces all their property; and in relation to the
peculiar character of southern slave property, I
suppose we have a perfect right to confiscate the
slaves of the rebels—all their slaves. At the same
time such confiscation should be accompanied by
a practical scheme of colonization. I should not
be williug to go into an indiscriminate and unlim-
ited scheme of emancipation which would prove
alike a curse to master and slave, and embrace
alike the loyal and the disloyal. This question of
confiscation, however, I regard as a question of
time—as a question of expediency. The rebel-
lion can only be crushed out by an advance of
your armies; no scheme of confiscation can very
far precede the advance of the Army. If I am
understood on this matter of coercion, I have ac-
complished my object.
Mr. President, 1 have spoken of the case of my
colleague as it is presented to my mind. To me
the two letters, in the language of the resolution
of expulsion, contain evidence of disloyalty. I
am satisfied of that. As they stand on the record
at present, I have no doubt of it. I argued the
case simply on the evidence before the Senate.
There may have been explanations before the
Judiciary Committee which to them may justify
their report. There may be hereafter explana-
tions presented to the Senate satisfactory to all.
I will not anticipate or prejudge these explana-
tions. I know at present nothing of them. I am
compelled by an all-controlling sense of public
danger and public duty to give my vote for the
resolution of expulsion as the case now stands,
and upon the evidence now before the Senate; m
this vote I feet that I discharge my duty as a man,
as a citizen, as a Senator.
Mr. BRIGHT next addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. WILMOT. If the Scnatorfrom Kentucky
will give way, I will move to adjourn.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope not. I have waited here
for two weeks to attend to this matter. I am neces-
sarily compelled to leave this city on important
private business. I have given way day after day
and day after day. The Senator from Massachu-
setts asked me to give way that we might go into
important executive business. I suppose the ob-
ject partly was that he might prepare the valuable
State paper that he has read against me here to-
day. I ask that the Senate will vote upon this
case now and dispose of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the lloor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky to give way while I read an answer to
the speech of the Senator from Indiana, which lie
has just read, which Idelivercd immediately after
that speech was delivered at the last session of
Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot consent to do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator does ^
not yield, and he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will respectfully ask the
Senator from Kentucky to listen to a suggestion
before he proceeds, if the Senate will indulge me.
I assuie the Senator from Indiana that, so far as
I am concerned, I have every disposition to oblige
him and to go on and take the vote, but I happen
to know there are several gentlemen on this side
of the Chamber who wish to speak on both sides
of the question, some on one side and some on the
othei: and that being the case, I think it would be
unreasonable, at this late hour, to go further. I
myself, not having made up my mind at all to
make any observations on the subject, would like,
if the Senator will permit me, to ask him a ques-
tion which somewhat troubled my own mind. I
do not wish him to answer it to-night, but to an-
swer, after deliberation, when the Senate shall
meet to-morrow, if ho pleases, or he may answer
at once if ho likes, if he will permit me to put it.
I do not think it would be fair and reasonable to
put it and require the Senator from Indiana to an-
swer it at once. If, however, the Senator is will-
ing that 1 should put it, I will put it, and he may
answer at such time as he pleases.
