THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 17, 1862.
New Series No. 21].
have the evidence overwhelming and crushing on
hundreds of men in this country, some of whom
they have never yet arrested, that would convict
them before an impartial jury. The Government
has not been anxious to bring these men to trial
and to convict and to execute them. Then, sir, 1
do not believe these people want to be tried. They
want to be turned out of prison.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts allow me to inquiie of him whether these
persons who are not yet arrested, against whom
the Government has this crushing testimony of
treason, are within the jurisdiction of the loyal
States, so that they are capable of being arrested
by the Government?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion will be whether the District of Columbia and
the State of Maryland art? loyal States where you
can hold the courts. You have traitors confined
from this city, and have had them, and you have
them from Maryland, and the Government has
the evidence of their treasonable transactions, but
has not brought them to trial.
Mr. GRIMES. Those are cases where the Sen-
ator says the persons are now in confinement; but
he also said that tlieie weie men at large of whose
guilt the Government had most crushing testi-
mony. Now, I want to know whether those men
are within the jurisdiction of those States where
it is possible for the Government to execute its
process and reach them so as to bring them to
trial.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think some
of them are, although 1 say to the Senate that I
doubt whether you can get a conviction of any of
these men 111 almost any portion uf this country.
If you were to arraign a man in the city of Wash-
ington for treasonable transactions against this
Government, I have no idea that you could get a
jury to convict him. I have no idea that it could
'be done in the city of Baltimore. I doubt whether
it could be done In the city of New York. You
have traitors and sympathizers with traitors all
over this country.
The Senator from Illinois said that persons had
been taken up and discharged who have been
proven innocent. I said that I knew no such case.
I do not know any such case. I know of cases
where persons have been discharged, not because
tliey were not guilty, but because they were will-
ing in some cases to come forward and take the
oath of allegiance, and in others to agree to do
nothingagainst the Government. They have been
let off by the humanity of the Government. Some
of the very men who have been let off in that way
ate now in the rebel army. Does the Senator from
Iowa believe that George W. Jones, of his State,
who was arrested, was let out of the prison be-
cause he was notguilty > He was let out of prison
by the humanity of this Government. They had
the evidence of his transactions. General Sumner,
it will be remembered, arrested Gwin and Calhoun
Benhara, and they were kept in prison a short
time and let out, not because the Government had
not evidence against them; and where are they
to-day? Calhoun Benham is in the army of the
South, and Gwin is plotting treason in the south-
ern confederacy.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that what the Senator calls
the humanity of the Government?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A Senator
near me says it is the weakness of the Govern-
ment. The Government found itself in this con-
dition: it found treason all over the Union, m the
offices in this city, in the Army, in the Navy,
everywhere North and South; and what did the
Government do? When evidence was placed be-
fore it that certain persons were exerting their in-
fluence for the overthrow of the Government, were
plotting tieason against it, and those persons were
of consequence enough to justify the step, they
were arrested and shut up where they could do no
harm. Hundreds, as to whose conduct the Gr°^"
ernment had sufficient evidence, were not arrested,
because it was rather a difficult matter to make
these arrests, and the Government did not wish to
appear to be cruel. It let hundreds escape who, it
211
was thought,could not do any harm anyway, and
many persons who were arrested by the Govern-
ment have been let off under promise that they
would not do anything against it, or on taking an
oath, or because the Government thought they
were too insignificant to keep; but in cases where
the persons were of sufficient position to justify it,
they have been kept where they could do no harm
to the country; and I think the Government has
done right, and I do not wish to turn them out of
prison, at any rate until the cause of the coun-
try triumphs. I want to see the flag of the Union
proudly wave over this country before the traitors
who plotted the overthrow of the Government are
turned out of the prisons where they are now held.
If I had the keys, they would not be turned out
until the cause of this country was assured; and I
hope fhe Congre|s of the United Stales will per-
mit the Government to thus act, and I hope the
Government will thus act.
I should beglad to have these persons brought to
trial, but I do not believe that if you could bring
them to trial, one in twenty of them could be con-
victed. You have treasonable sympathizers all
around, men who are rejoicing to-day over our de-
feats near Richmond, men who shouted for joy
when Stonewall Jackson chased Banks up the
Shenandoah valley. Ill this city, in Baltimore,
all over Maryland; ay, sir, in portions of the free
States of the Union, we have sympathizers with
treason who have been kept down by the power
of the Government, by the overshadowing power
of the patriotism of the country; but the moment
disasters came upon us, they showed their senti-
ment and their feeling. It is of no use to talk
about getting a jury in this city to make a con-
viction. You might pack a jury to do it, but I do
not believe you can honestly draw a jury in this
city that will convict any of these persons who
have been arrested. I do not believe there is a
man in Fort McHenry to-night that you can get
a Baltimore jury to convict. Therefore, sir, I say
to the Government, hold on to these traitors now,
hold them fast until the country gets so strong
that they cannot harm it, then bring them to trial
if you wish to do so; if not, turn them out, and let
them go forth to the country and be blasted for-
ever as they should be by the patriotic indignation
of the people.
Sir, 1 shall regard the passage of this bill as a
blow struck at our Government and our country
in this hour of anxiety and gloom; for, as a gen-
tleman said in a letter the other day, these traitors
all over the North emerge from theirgloom as the
shadow falls upon us, and they are doing so. It
is no time now to unbar the doors and let out these
traitors. Sir, I know that the Government of this
country has volumes of evidence against men wlm
have been plotting treason against it, many of
whom have been arrested, many of whom have
not been, that if they were brought in here and
published, would amaze the people of this coun-
try. Let men that are disloyal stay in prison un-
til the cause of the country triumphs, and then
send the poor devils out marked and branded for
their treason to their country. Sir, I hope this
bill is not to pass the Senate of the United States.
I do not wish to open the doors to let these men
out, and 1 do not wish, by a vote here, to rebuke
the Government, that, instead of being cruel, or
being harsh or vindictive, has been excessively
humane towards these people that have been try-
ing to destroy our country.
Mr.FOSTER. Mi. President, as thisbill comes
from the Judiciary Committee, I wish, as a mem-
ber of that committee, simply to say that it did not
have my assent. I am opposed to the first two
sections of the bill which have been read, for rea-
sons which, I think, will occur to almost any one
who has heard them read. I am opposed to the
third section, which proposes to give to the Pres-
ident of the United States the power to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus, for the reason that it gives
to him that power withoutlimitation or restriction
as to time. If there be necessity, and I would not
say that there was not a necessity, for giving him
the power, I would limit it in point of time. Iam,
therefore, opposed to each section of the bill, and
hope that it will not pass.
The,PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts to strike out the first
two sections of the bill.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the first moment
I have seen this bill is since it was brought under
the consideration of the Senate this evening. It
strikes me as a most extraordinary one. The mo-
tion now pending is to strike out the first two sec-
tions. Itseems to me very evident that either the
first two sections ought to be stricken out, or the
last section o^ght to be. If you pass the bill as it
stands, it is a felo de sc. The last section com-
pletely defeats and destroys every particle of vi-
tality in the first two sections. That is evident,
and [ am at a loss to understand why such a bill
is introduced here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itcomes.from the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HOWE. It was not introduced here. Then
I wish toknowhow itevercame to be introduced
in the House.
Mr. FOSTER. That you are not at liberty to
comment upon.
Mr. HOWE. And therefore I will not com-
ment upon it. I understand that since this war
commenced, a great many persons have been ur-
rested, and have been thrown into prison. They
are treated as State prisoners,or political pris-
oners. They have not been put on trial. I sup-
pose their arrest and confinement is in accordance
with law, or it is in violation of law. If it is ill
accordance with law, I do not know of any rea-
son why we should interfere, why wc should
change the law to effect their release, unless we
assume that the administration of this Govern-
ment is now in arbitrary, despotic hands. If the
executive department of the Government is in such
hands, perhaps the legislature ought to interfere,
if it can, to soften and ameliorate its rule. For
myself, I do not believe, whatever other faults
may be laid to the charge of the Executive of the
nation, that he can justly be accused of being a
despot, or of being a tyrant, or of being inhuman
1 do not think it would be easy to convict him of
either of these offenses. He may exert power
which the laws do not confer upon him, through
error or mistake of judgment; but that he would
exert any power tyrannically, arbitrarily, harsh-
ly, or inhumanly, I do not believe. Therefore,if
he lias only exerted the power wall which the
law does clothe him, if he has only arrested men,
and confined them in accordance with law, I am
not for changing the legislation of the country to
interfere between him and the prisoners whom
he has in custody. If, on the contrary, he ha3
acted in violation of law, the courts are open where
these men can get redress.
The first section of the bill provides that the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of State shall
make a return to the judges of the circuit and dis-
trict courts of alt these prisoners. It sets out
what the list shall contain, and it provides:
And nil cases where a giand jury having attended said
courts, or either of them tmvini:jurisdiction m [he premises,
since the airest of said persons, lias teiminaled its ses-uon
without finding an indictment, or presentment, or other
pioeeednig against such persons, and in cusc^ heieiuaiter
niiiviileii lor,"it shall tie tile duly ot said judges forthwith to
eider the disclmigeof sueii pusonei trom said imprison-
ment; and every olliccr of the (,'mted Stales having custody
of'sueh prisoner is heitiby directed immediately to obey and
execute said judge's oidei; and in case he siiail delay or re-
fuse so lo do, lie shali lie subject to indictment lor a imsde-
meanoi, and be punished by a line of not less than £50U,
and unpiisotnnent in ttie common jail for a period not less
than six mouths, in tile discretion of the eouit.
This proceeds on the assumption that the Goy-
ernment has exorcised no power with whteh it is
not clothed, that it has only exerted power with
which it is clothed,and this is to clothe the judicial
department of the Government with power which
it does not now possess, to order the discharge of
these persons. If the Government, or any officer
under it, has exerted power with which it is not
clothed, has imprisoned a man against the law of
the land, then these same courts can be applied to
