2402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
does not follow that the counter-claim shall not
be taxed. Indeed, the same principle which in-
clines us in favor of the slave must incline us also
to tax the claim of his master, so long as this
claim exists in fact. Freedom is to be enlarged
in every way possible, whether by encouraging
the slave or discouraging the master. Therefore
do I say fearlessly that the slave, whenever he
appears within the national jurisdiction or before
national tribunals, is entitled to all the rights of
" personsbut the master, who asserts this odious
property, cannot claim any immunity for it on this
account. The immunity is all for the slave, and
not at all for the master. For the slave, Congress
must do everything in its power. For the mas-
ter, Congress must have nothing but austerity and
taxation.
These are the reasons that influence me, and I
present them now in order to influence those who
may hesitate to impose this tax, on the old idea
of Roger Sherman, that it will be a recognition of
property in man. Of course, where Senators have
no such scruple, then the argument for this tax is
unanswerable.
It is easy to levy.
It is profitable.
And so far as it exerts an influence, it must be
a discouragement to an offensive wrong, which is
the parent of our present troubles, and the occa-
sion of all this taxation. It would be strange if
slavery,aftercausi ng our national calamity, should
cscapc from all its conscqucnces. It would be
strange if slavery, which has thus far played the
tyrant in our history, should now,like the tyrant,
be so far indulged as to escape burdens of all
kinds. It shall not be by my vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state briefly but dis-
tinctly the reasons why I shall not vote for this
proposition. The persons reterred to in the amend-
ment, commonly called slaves, are persons and
not property within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion. If thy amendment be adopted, they will be
the only persons taxed under this bill. If the Sen-
ator had made his argument yesterday, when we
proposed to tax cotton, a production which gnes
into manufactures, what he has said would apply
with great force. Cotton is a production of slave
labor solely; it is an article of commerce, an arti-
cle consumed abroad, in a great measuie; it is an
article of production used only 111 manufactures;
it is not consumed as food for man, as Hour, or the
like. All his arguments apply to cotton as a sub-
ject of taxation, hut he convinced a majoiity of
the Senate yesterday that it was not expedient to
tax cotton; and now he proposes to tax slaves,
and how? As persons? Fie cannot do it. If he
proposes a direct tax, a capitation or poll tax, it
must be in the mode prescribed by the Constitu-
tion. Docs he seek to evade the provision of the
Constitution which declares that all capitation
and direct taxes must be apportioned among the
States according to population? If he regards
these slaves as property simply, to be bought and
sold, he certainly violates the cardinal principle
upon which his whole political faith is based—a
theory that I respect, although I may not always
agree with him upon matters of policy. Will you
treat the persons named in this amendment as
chattels, slaves, property to be bought and sold ?
If so, the tax is proper. In that view of the sub-
ject, they are property to be taxed, and whoever
is the owner of that property may be required to
pay taxes. If they are persons, recognized by the
Constitution as peisons,and entitled to be treated
as persons, as I believe they are, they cannot be
taxed in the mode prescribed by the Senator from
Massachusetts. Taxes upon persons must be
assessed m a different mode. You cannot, levy a
poll tax under the Constitution of the United
States except it apply to all persons, and be duly
apportioned.
But, sir, if you had the constitutional power to
tax slaves as persons, would it be wise and ex-
pedient to do it in the present condition of the
country* If you attempted to collect this tax on
slaves, from whom could youcollectitnow? Only
from the loyal men in the border States—from no
one else. It could affect no one else. You know
very well that you cannot collect this tax now
from the men from whom you would like to col-
lect it; but it would fall on those from whom you
ought not now to collect it—those who are suffer-
ing most from thisi war. Persons like the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,} living in the border
States, who own this description of property, as
they consider it, or who hold this class of persons,
as the Senator from Massachusetts considers them,
and they alone would suffer from this tax; and
that, too, at a time when .the service of these peo-
ple is less valuable to them than at any other.
Mr. President, if we should assess this tax, it
would be looked upon as an invidious tax against
a particular section inconsistent with the general
principles of this bill, and intended not to obtain
revenue, but to carry out the purpose of emanci-
pation. When I am ready to meet the question
of emancipation, I want to do it in a bold and di-
rect manner. It may be that before this war closes
the question of emancipation may come upon us;
and whenever I think this Union cannot be pre-
served except by proclaiming the emancipation of
slaves, I will seek to do it by act of Congress, or
I will sustain the President in making emancipa-
tion effectual; but I will not do it in an indirect
way under the power of taxation. I do not think
that either expedient, politic, or constitutional.
I have said perhaps all that is desirable to be
said about this matter. As a tax, it is inexpedient,
because you cannot collect it, and you know that
very well. You could not sell the slave for the
tax, and there is no provision to enforce payment.
It is a violation of the principle on which this tax
bill is framed. It is constitutional only when re-
garded as £i tax upon a particular description of
property. Now, there is not a single article of
property, personal or real, taxed by this bill. The
farmer's lands, lots, houses, all real estate, is ex-
empt from taxation under this bill. All the per-
sonal property of the citizens of this country is
exempt—horses, cattle, notes, bonds, everything
a man can possess is exempt. The theory of the
bill is to put a tax upon luxuries, or rather upon
the process of making them, upon manufactures,
upon certain productions of nature, upon certain
employments of life, upon receipts of corpora-
tions, and upon certain stamps. There are no other
taxes in the bill; and it seems to me that to single out
a particular interest in the southern States, when
we now have thecontrollingpowertodo so, would
be wrong, and especially so if we make that tax
a capitation tax,a tax that cannotnow be collected.
With all our immense resources, we cannot now
collect it except from the loyal people who live m
the border States who now recognize our flag and
are subject to our law. I am not willing to select
them as the first to bear a heavy and peculiar tax-
ation.
I believe that the true course is to insist upon
the tax on cotton. This would compel the south-
ern section of the country to pay a considerable
share of the revenue which we must collect to
maintain the Government. Such a tax would com-
port with the principle on which Great Britain
assesses all her taxes, that is to levy, as far as prac-
ticable, a contribution from the world at large. If
we levy a tax upon cotton, four fifths of it will be
paid by people living outside of the United States,
and the other fifth will be paid in the first instance
by the manufacturer, and then will be levied upon
the community at large. If you want to levy a
tax that will bear upon the southern people, if you
want to compel that section to bear a portion of
this burden, let it be a tax on property which can-
not leave your ports without your consent and
without paying the duty you impose upon it. That
is a tax which you can collect. It is practicable.
It will make those now in rebellion pay their por-
tion of the expense of this war; but when you im-
pose an invidious tax like this, singling out one
class alone, treating them not as persons nor as
property, it is unjust. If you treat them as per-
sons you cannot levy this tax under the Consti-
tution. If you treat them as property you violate
the sentiment of the great body of the northern
people, and in either case yon do an act of injus-
tice to the loyal slaveholders of the border States.
1 think that the attempt to do it would be invidi-
ous. It was tried in the House of Representa-
tives. The question was there discussed fully and
fairly; and after full consideration it was deemed
the best and most practicable to make the southern
States pay their share of taxation by levying a tax
on the pioperty produced by slave labor—that is,
cotton and sugar,
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts to take the form as approved
by the committee and drawn by the Senator from
Rhode Island,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps I owe an ex-
planation to the committee. I stated that this
would be offered on the part of the committee.
We took no formal vote as to the form of the
amendment, or as to the sum to be put in; but the
question was asked, as I suppose my friend from
Ohio will recollect, whether we should put a tax
upon negroes, and it was generally assented to,
1 do not know that there was any objection made.
Mr. SHERMAN. We simply agreed that it
should be reported to the Senate for its action in
one form or another, either as a tax on cotton or
m this form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing was said about
cotton in that connection. We had struck that
out, and then the question was put whether we
should report a tax with reference to the negro,
and it was generally assented to. There was no
opinion expressed by individual members, but
they assented that it should be offered, and the
amendment, as incorporated in the proposition
submitted by the Senator from Rhode Island, was
the form in which it was finally drafted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest whetherit would
not be advisable to adopt that form. It does not
provide for taxing slaves in direct terms, but to
tax people who own the service or labor of others.
That includes apprentices as well as slaves. I
think the sum proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts—ten dollars a head on all ages and con-
ditions—is an unreasonable tax. The Senator
from Rhode Island puts it at five dollars. That
is much more reasonable. 1 suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts whether he had not bet-
ter take that.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will read the provision that
I drew. I do not exactly know whether I had
authority to draw it or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator had.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 talked with the chairman,
and he seemed to assent to it. If he agrees to-
anything, almost everybody else will. 1 will read
the proposition as I have drawn it:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That an annual tax
of five dollar shall be paid by evoiy person or persons, cor-
poiation, or society, for am! on account of the service or
laboi of eveiy other person between the ages of ten and
sivy five years, whose service oi laboi, for a term of year?
or f'oi hfV7 is claimed to be owned by such fiist-mcntroncd
pei&ou or persons, coiporation, or society,-whether ma fidu-
ciary capacity or otherwise, under and by virtue ofthe laws'
oi eu.-ioms of any Slate; and said annual tax shall be
levied and collected of the person or persons. corpoiationr
or society, making such claim, and of their goods, chattels,
or lands, as is hereinbeloie provided; but in no ca*e shall
the peison or persons wbosw service or labor is soc!dimedr
or their service or labor, be sold for the purpose of collect-
ing said tax.
We thought that latter clause would exclude
the idea that there was any property in them.
The section asit is presented by the Senatorfrom-
Massachusetts might leave the slave liable to be
sold to pay the tax, and that conflicts about a&
much with the Senator's notions as he could well
have drawn any provision to do so, I had a little
reference to that when X was drawing this section.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps the Senator from
Rhode Island and myself—if I may be pardoned
one word in reply to his last remark—start from
different points. I do not think that the United
States can own a slave. I do not doubt that if a
slave should be seized under process of the United
States, he would be taken to freedom and not ta
slavery, because the United States cannot own a
slave; therefore I do not thinlc it is neecssary to
have any special provision for that contingency.
I contented myself with the conviction that, when
a slave came into the hands of the United States*
he became a freeman.
And now, in reply to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont. That Senator knows well
that I value everything from him. Let me add
that I regard his suggestion now as particularly
valuable. On this question I have no preconceived
opinions to maintain and no prejudices to gratify,
I seek in all simplicity a just conclusion on which
the Senate can harmonize. The proposition which
I have presented is in the plainest form and fewest
words. On this account it has merits of its own.
It proposes to tax persons- claiming the service
and labor of certain other persons. That is all.
It therefore proceedson the same theory with the
proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island; but
the proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island
has the advantage of being supported by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, and that Senator still further
