420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
The committee were perfectly aware, while the
biUwas under discussion in the committee-room,
of the fact that it would be an unpopular measure
with the great newspapers of the country. They
have reported it, nevertheless, because they have
considered it their duty to report it—a duty which
neither they nor I thought we could evade."
When we came here at the commencement of
this session of Congress, the ciy was going up
from the loyal men in every section of country,
Tax and Fight! Sharing in the general anxiety,
I, like my fellow-members, have been waiting and
listening with the hope of hcaringthe words "For-
ward, march!"—that magic word which empties
your hospitals, and stirs the patriotic blood in the
veins of your officers and soldiers. Sharing, too,
in the general willingness of the people to submit
to taxation for the purpose of renovating the coun-
try, it was our duty as a committee to look around
us, and especially to that branch of the Govern-
ment which, under the direction of the Speaker,
has been placed measurably under our charge, so
far as congressional enactments are concerned,
and see if we could not, without increasing the
burdens upon the people of the country, assist in
producing additional revenue.
The tax which it is proposed to levy upon all
the various branches of industry in the country
is for three purposes: first, to carry on the war
energetically and successfully; second, to defray
the ordinary expenses of the Government; and
third, to wipe out deficits that exist in the various
branches of the Government.
During thelast year the deficit in the revenues of
the Post Office Department was about $6,000,000.
During the present year, by cutting off the mails
from the so-called seceded States, that deficit has
been reduced to about$3,,000,000. Itfoilows, there-
fore, that if we do not, in some way, decrease or
extinguish that deficit we shall have to levy a tax
upon- the people at large for the purpose of pay-
ing it. We are proposing, for the purpose I have
named during the continuance of this war, to tax
the people in basket, and in store; we are propos-
ing to tax them upon all that they produce and
all that they consume; we arc proposing to tax
the poor as well as the rich. The burdens of tax-
ation are to fall upon all; we are seeking all over
the land for objects of taxation. Now, sir, if I
can show, as 1 think I can before I get through,
if the House will listen, as they are now doing so
patiently, to these dry, uninteresting: statistics—I
say, if 1 oan show that this bill will in all proba-
bility, with the bill which has already passed the
House abolishing the franking privilege, nearly,
if not quite, wipe out that deficit, and make the
Post Office Department realize that almost impos-
sible chimera (as it has been for the last ten years
considered) of a self-sustaining Department; if I
can prove that these measures will a ccomplish all
this without imposing a .single additional burden
upon the people, thm the Oumihittee on the Post
Office and Post Roads will, notwithstanding the
denunciation of the press, feel that they have been
justified in reporting the bill, whether the House
feels willing to brave these denunciations by pass-
ing it or not.
Now, sir, the first thought that would naturally
suggest ifself lo a Post Office Committee seeking
to make the accounts of that Department balance,
if possible, would be, if possible, to make all
mailable metier pay postj^e. This i shall show
was the intention in establishing the Post Office
Department, and was the intent of our fathers
when they framed th<* Constitution. To effect
this object the committee, in their deliberations,
concluded to frame two bills. The first one was
distasteful, as 1 well know, to very many of my fel-
low-members—it was a bill abolishing* the frank-
ing privilege. It was a bill that we knew would
piodwc a million of dollars of revenue; and that
with the statistics in reference to the Washington
office, submitted by my fnetid from Ohio [Mr.
UirrciiiMs] in his able speech on the subject,
would produce more than a million and a half
of dollars. This bill was hailed with approval
by the metropolitan papers; and the committee
were commended for having dared to attempt, in
the face of so many unsuccessful attempts here-
tofore in the House, to abrogate this privilege.
We did not stop to inquire whether it would not
indiiectly aid these papers, by requiring the peo-
ple to look to them more exclusively for congres-
sional news: but wo pushed it to its passage be-
cause we thought it was "right. I am free to say
that while the passage of that bill was pending in
the House of Representatives, I did feel pained
that one or two members, who thought it ought
not to have been introduced, indirectly imputed
wrong motives to us. 1^ thought, however, that
we could bide our time. The bill finally passed
the House, and it is now pending before tne Sen-
ate. It was distasteful to members, and yet by a
majority of over two to one the House of* Repre-
sentatives, with a patriotism which I think woi thy
of this crisis, said that this privilege, which their
predecessors had exercised since the first days of
the Government, and by which we carried on cor-
respondence with our constituents free of charge,
should be repealed, and adopted a provision that
would compel us to prepay postage upon all cor-
respondence, nine tenths of which is on other peo-
ple's business. This House rose superior to its
own private convenience and interest, and wiped
out that privilege in order to increase the reve-
nues of the Government.
The other bill which the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads asked to have passed for
the same purpose of increasing the revenue, waj
to impose postage upon mailable matter carried
outside of the mails, upon the very same trains
with the mails for which we pay so heavily. It
was the continuous and unquestioned policy of the
Government, from 1789 to 1845, that all mailable
matter should pay postage. I find, when this bill
is introduced, that the very same presses which
commended the bill abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, and said that it was right that members
should abolish that invidious distinction between
themselves and other citizens, contend that this
was all wrong, and insist that, having enjoyed
this privilege of sending papers on mail trains free
of postage, they shall not now be required to sur-
render it. But let us see its inequality. Look at
the law as it stands this day. A single poor, hum-
ble citizen, who sends a paper through the mail
and writes upon it<£ all well," and pays one cent
postage upon it, what is his fate? The law con-
demns him as a violator of its provisions. He is
brought before the United States court, and fined
five dollars and costs; and yet, sir, tons upon
tons of the same kind of printed matter are sent
free of postage upon the very mail train which con-
veys his prepaid paper for which he finally pays
so dearly. The summing up of the whole matter
is, that the papers send by express on the roads
where postage would really compensate us for
their transportation, while they require the Gov-
ernment to carry their papers for them on the long
and distant frontier routes, where the expense and
trouble far exceed the receipts.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Permit me to say a word.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Illinois
must excuse me until I get through, and then I
will answer his questions or those of any other
member. I would yield to my friend as soon as
to anybody in the House. I wish to go on with
my argument, as a whole, without interruption,
so as to finish it the more rapidly. [Ciies of l<Go
on!"]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply wanted to ask a
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
refuses to yield to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. COLFAX. A great many of the strict-
ures upon myself and the Committee on the Post
Office.and Post Roads are ably written. I have
rend them with interest and with care, as is my
duty; for we should all seek knowledge wherever
attainable, even when emanating from a critic in-
stead of a friend. One or two have been written
j; in not the best, temper; but I think that I can pass
|j 1 hat by without recrimination; for I have found
!j in my experience that angry replies only provoke
i: wrath, and that he who needlessly envelopes him-
' ■ self in clouds will have but little sunshine upon
his pathway.
!i I find m the Boston Herald, which has been sent
I to every member of Congress, a stricture upon
P this bill of the character of those to which I have
| just alluded. It is written by a gentleman who has
evidently a large experience in post office matters;
for he says^that he writes.from twenty years of
experience in the post office business. Says the
Herald:
" We undertake to say that Mr. Coli-ax docs not know
what he is attempting by legislation to accomplish. In the
thst place. if he knew anything about post office matters,
he would endeavor to keep the newspapers out of the mails
as much as possible.}}
I acknowledge that I do not know as much abou t
postal matters as I wish I did, or as perhaps I
ought to know as chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads; but I will say what
I think members around me will bear me out in
asserting, that I have faithfully studied the system
in all its legislation and details, so as to bring to
the performance of my duties an intelligent dis-
crimination as well as my poor abilities would
admit. But if I do not know anything about postal
matters the Post Office Department does, and this
bill was drafted in that Department. I am, how-
ever, always willing to receive information from
anybody; and will cheerfully learn at the feet of
this Gamaliel. He says:
" Why has not the virtuous Mr. Colfax exerted his tal-
ents to ud the Post Office Department of this immense tax
upon its lesourees?"
Referring to some other reforms he suggests in
place of this.
My editorial friend who wrote this ought to have
put under it, like Artcmus Ward does under some
remarks in his sketches, " this is sarkastikal."
[Laughter.] I suppose that he believes that vir-
tue is not my special weakness, or else-he would
not have called me in this paragraph, in his sar-
castic way, " the viituous Colfax." Cut let this
pass. He concludes:
" It is well enough as it is, now that the franking privi-
lege is abolished. Theie let it remain."
I want the privilege of the newspapers to load
down our mail trains free of postage abolished,
just as I wanted and advocated the abolition of
the franking privilege of members. And that is
all the comment I propose to make on that article.
There arc other strictures written with better
feeling. This bill is, as they conceive, striking
at their interest. I regretted to have to do it; but
it is ncccssary, in order to raise sufficient revenue,
to legislate unfavorably on a great many interests
of this country, which will be found out, I fear,
before we get through with this session.
I am not insensible to the condemnation of the
press, although I do not shrink, as I think my
course proves, before it, and those who profess to
be indifferent to this many-tongucd chronicle and
critic, really fear its censure more than I do. I
value its approval just as much as any member of
the House of Representatives. Nor am I surprised
at its hostility to this bill j understanding as they do
that it affects their interests unfavorably. Bat I
know, also, that the press is not always infallible,
and I have a right to say this, being a member of
that profession myself. A few years ago I voted in
a small minority of twelve here against a bill which
the leading press over the country demanded that
Congress should pass. It was a bill compelling
witnesses to go before investigating committees,
and there to testify to their own guilt, saying in
the same bill that if they did they should be ex-
empted from the responsibility of a criminal trial
therefor. I voted against that bill—and 1 believe
I am the only one of the twelve now remain-
ing in Congress—because my convictions told
me that it was wrong* unwise and injudicious.
For this I was assailed by two New York papers,
and attacked at home, although fullysustained by
my constituents afterwards as I knew I should
be. It has been tested. Under it Floyd, Russell,
and a number of others charged with abstracting
bonds, &c., from the Treasury, have been ex-
empted fiom prosecution, because they testified
before investigating committees, and every pecu-
lator now desires a summons to testify for the
same reason. The result is precisely what I ex-
pected, and the universal belief now is, that that
bill does not carry out the object intended. And
the House the other day by an unanimous vote
struck out the prominent features of that bill and
substituted others, relieving it of those obvious
and grossly unwise provisions.
A New York paper of great ability, and one
which I read with much interest, especially when
I agree with it, (the New York Tribune,) in the
! same issue that contains a condemnation of this
bill, has an editorial on the franking privilege. I
will quote a paragraph:
"The POht OtFice, if is currently affirmed and believed, is
a heavy tax oil the Federal Treasuiy, because of the low
naiesot postage. Make eicriithmgpayandletussee! If this
should not choke the deficit we shall bo willing to have
postal facilities curtailed or rates of postage raised so as to
make the Department self-supporting. lint so long as the
