3362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
I
by the petition of the prisoner, and upon writ of
habeas corpus, the petitioner will be discharged.
This bill, in the first section, assuming that the
risoner is rightfully confined, and therefore that
c has no right to the writ of habeas corpus, pro-
vides that he may apply to the court for an order,
and not for a writ, and without a hearing, without
a trial, without any examination, he shall be dis-
charged .
.Thesecond section provides for taking^bail in
bailable cases, but the third section is in these
peculiar terms:
Sec. 3. JlnA be it further enacted, That it is and shall bo.
lawful for the President of the United States, whenever, in
his judgment, by reason of rebellion or invasion, the pub-
lic safety may require it, to suspend by proclamation the
privileges of the writ of habeas carjais throughout thf; Urn-
ted States, or in any part thereof; ana whenever, and where
ever, the said writ shall be suspended as afoiesaid, it shall
be unlawful fur any of the judges of the several courts of
the United States, or of any State, to allow said writ, any-
thing in tills act or in any other act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
In the very same bill in which you arc trying
to discharge prisoners by an order, you declare
that it is the right of the President already, and
shall continue to he his right, to suspend the writ
of habeas corptts. You do not propose to confer
that power upon him, but to recognize it as his.
Now, wlmt is the meaning of the whole bill? Is
it anything more or less than this: these prison-
ers, and all others confined under like circum-
stances, shall not be entitled to the writ of habeas
corpusj shall not be entitled to a hearing upon a
writ of habeas corpus; but upon an ex parte appli-
cation, they shall be discharged upon a judge's
order. Is not that the effect of the whole act, ac-
knowledging the right of the President to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, which is the time-long
remedy for persons restrained of their freedom
contrary to law,and creating a new remedy which
will discharge the prisoner m spue of the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus. That is what
the whole act means, standing together. Now,
it does seem to me that either you ought to strike
out the fnat two sections or the last, I think the
whole bill ought to be struck out except the enact-
ing clause, and that ought to be greatly amended;
but as the motion is to strike out the first two sec-
tions, I shall content myself now with voting for
that motion.
Mr. PE8SENDEN. We must have a short
executive session to-night. It is now after ten
o'clock.
Mr. COWAN. I ask the Senator to allow me
to move a few amendments to the bill.
Mr. FESSRNDEN. Very well.
Mr. COWAN. In the nineteenth line of the
first section, I move to strike out the words "since
the arrest of said persons," ami to insert " after
the passage of this act;" and in the twenty-third
line, after the word " of," to insert " any," and
in the same line, after the word " prisoner," to
insert the words " desiring a discharge." 1 pro;
pose, also, to amend the third section by insert-
ing, in the fifth line, after the words " habeas
corpus," the words " in all cases of political of-
fenses;" so as to confine the suspension to that
class of offenses, leaving the writ allowable in all
other cases.
Mr. PESSENJDEN. Now I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 15, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock,m. Prayer
by Rev. Bvrom Sunderland, D. D., Chaplain of
the Senate.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
OHAIIGES AGAINST HON. BENJAMIN WOOD.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of privilege.
On Inst week the testimony before the Committee
on the Judiciary in my case was concluded. On
yesterday ( learned for the first time that the com-
mittee had continued the case until the next ses-
sion of Congress, when I sought the floor for the
purpose of offering the following resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will stale his
question of privilege.
Mr, WOOD. My question is one of personal
privilege relating to myself as a member of this
House, which I was proceeding to state. I say
that I protest against this delay as unjust to my-
self. If I am guilty of the charges preferred against
me, I am unworthy of holding a seat upon this
floor. If I am innocent, it is due to myself that
it shall be so decided by the-House. I submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instiucted to
report forthwith to the House in tile matter of the investi-
gation into the alleged misconduct ot Benjamin Wood, a
Representative of the State of New York.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is not a question of privilege to
instruct a committee to make a report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lmrdly thinks
a resolution to instruct a committee to report or
to do any particular thing involves a question of
privilege. The gentleman from New York asks
consent to introduce the resolution which has been
submitted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that.
NAVAL CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, in compliance with the fourth
section of the act approved 4th May,I8o8, trans-
mitting a statement of contracts entered into in the
Navy Department since the commencement of the
present session of Congress; also transmitting a
letter from the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks; which was hud on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
0. B. AND 0. S. LATHAM.
Mr. PENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back a bill (C. C. No. Ill,) for tile lehef
of'O. B. and Oliver S. Latham, with amendments.
The bill was recommitted to the Committee of
Claims, and with the amendments ordered to be
printed.
NORFOLK NAVY-YARD EMPLOYES.
Mr, FOUICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to legalize certain payments made by
William H. Peters on account of wages due by
the United States to mechanics, laborers, and other
employes at the Norfolk navy-yard; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
PENSION ACT.
Mr. WALTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on Print-
ing to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That five tliotnand extra copies of the act of
Congiess entitled " An act aramiwr pensions," be printed
in pamphlet fonu Cot the use ot' thf Hoiwe, tmd tlmt there be
ncUhul thereto so mufhot'tlu* act m.iUin;j appropriations for
tin4 paymctitofbouiiivtotlh'wido\v aud heirs ot deceased
soldiers a- i« I ucsto thai subject.
Mr. ROSCOE C0NKL1NG. Will the gentle-
man permit me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. WALTON. I will.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. I suggest that it
will bo a groat convenience to everybody if he will
so amend the resolution as to embrace with it such
instructions and forms as the Department has pre-
pared in relation to these pension and bounty acts.
We are called upon for them every day. It will
add very little to the expense, and if the gentle-
man will so amend his resolution as to embrace
these forms and also all the pension and bounty
laws as tlicy will stand at the end of the present
session of Congress, I am sure, if the gentleman
will reflect for a moment, he will see that it will
bo a matter of great convenience to members to
have ail this matter embodied ill a single pamph-
let.
Mr. WALTON. I would be very glad to ac-
commodate the gentleman, but I haiclly see the
necessity of the amendment he proposes. The
Department has already been instructed by reso-
lution of this House to prepare circulars em bracing
all those forms to which the gentleman from Now
York alludes, and I hardly think it necessary,
therefore, to include them in this resolution. This
resolution embraces the pension law as it has
passed during the present session, and also the
law in relation to the bounty of widows and heirs
of deceased soldiers. I tlnnk this, with the cir-
culars already provided for by resolution of the
House, will be amply sufficient.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let uie make onu sug-
gestion to my friend. I do not know about the
necessity of the publication of those additional
laws, but if they are to be published, 1 suggest
that he add the publication, in the same connec-
tion, of the forms and instructions for drawing
the back pay and bounty of dead soldiers by their
widows and heirs. I think it would be a matter
of convenience to the members of the House-
Mr. WALTON, Very well. I will so amend
the resolution as to include the forms and instruc-
tions to which the gentleman alludes.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLINGL If the gentleman
will allow me, I hope he will go a little further
and include the pension laws as they now exist,
or as they will stand at the end of this session.
I do not mean any pension laws which may have
been repealed, but the laws as they shall stand
•upon our statute-books when this session of Con-
gress shall adjourn.
Mr. WALTON. With the consent of the
House, I will withdraw the resolution for the
present, and remodel it to meet the suggestions
which have been made.
No objection being made, the resolution was
withdrawn.
PRINTING OF BANK ItEPOItT.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back Hc&tse bill No. 568, to pro-
vide for printing the annual report upon banks.
The bill was read. It makes it the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to have his annual re-
port upon the banks of the United States for each
year as nearly completed by the first Monday m
October as practicable; and requires that when
completed, or during its progress, the Seeietary
of the Treasury shall cause the work of printing
to be commenced, so that the report shall be ready
"Tor delivery on or before the first Monday in De-
cember following.
The bill further provides that, until otherwise
ordered by Congress, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall cause to be printed five thousand copies for
the use of Congicss and the Treasury Department,
to be substantially bound—except those to be in-
cluded with other public documents—at a cost of
not more than twelve cents a copy.
Mr. WALTON. I will state this bill is sub-
stantially the present law for the publication of the
Report on Commerce and Navigation. It is asked
for by the Secretary of the Treasury, and by the
officers having charge of the bank report, and the
effect will be to provide that the report shall be
printed and on our table at the commencement of
each session of Congress. It will add nothing to
the expense, and I piesume there can be no objec-
tion to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time*, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE VRO51 THE SENATE.
A message was teceived from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed joint resolutions and
u bill of the following titles; m which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House:
Joint resolution (No. 98) to repeal and modify
ccrtain portions of an act mentioned therein;
Joint resolution (No. 99) relinquishing to the
hcirs-at-law of Robert L. Stevens, deceased, all
the right, title, and interest of the United States
in and to the Stevens battery, and
An act (No. 365) for the admission of the State i
of Woat Virginia into the Union, and for other J
purposes. <+***
The message furtherannounced that the Senate
have agreed to the amendments of the House to
the bill of the Senate (No. 358) to prevent mem-
bers of Congress and officers of the Government
of the United States fiom taking considerations
for procuring contracts, office, or place from the
United States.
The message also announced that the Senate
have disagreed to the amendments of the House
to the joint resolution of the Senate (No. 86) reg-
ulating the employ merit of the convicts in the pen-
itentiary of the District of Columbia for their im-
provement nnd benefit.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. WALTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved> That five thousand copies of House bill No.
568,10 provide a national eurieney, secured by pledge of
United States stock, and for the circulation and redemption
thereof, be printed in pamphlet foim fox the use of the
Hour©
