3364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Maynard, Menzies, Moor-
head, Anson P. Morrill, John S. Phelps,Timothy G. Phelps,
Riddle, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sloan, Smith, 'irowbridge,
Wallace, Webster, and Wickliffe—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Aidiich, WiUiam Allen, Alley, Ancona,
Arnold, Babbitt, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake, George II. Browne, William G. Brown,
Buffinton, Cobb, Coifax, Frederick A. ConkUng, Roscoe
Conkltns, Covode, Cox, Cutler, Davis, D.iwe , Duell,
Dunn, Ely, Fenton, Fe^enden, Fouke, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger,Gurlev, Bale,Hanchett,Iloiman, Hutcinns, Jack-
son, Julian, Kellev, Killinger, Loomis, Low, McKniglit,
McPherson, Mitchell, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Odell, Ohn,
Patton, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Itice, John H.
Ilice, Edward H. Rollins, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman,
Spaulding, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stile*, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Trimble, Verree, Walton,
Washburne, Albert S. White, Wmdom, Wood, and Wor-
cester—75.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE MOM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the'following communication
from the President of the United States:
Executive Mansion. Washington, July 15,1862.
Sir : Please Inform the [louse of Representatives that I
shall be obliged if they will postpone the adjournment at
least one (lay beyond the time which 1 understand to be now
Your obedient servant, ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Hon. Galusha A. Grow,
Speaker oj the House of Representatives.
MILEAGE AGAIN.
Mr. COLFAX. The previous question not
having been demanded upon the passage of the
bill, I desire to say that the proposition I intro-
duced for the reduction of the mileage one half,
was a section which had previously passed the
Senate in the Army bill, and which I supposed
they would be willing to agree to at this period of
the session. I have tried on two successive Mon-
days, when only a suspension of the lules was
in order, to offer this proposition, and offered it
yesterday at the earliest hour I could obtain the
floor. The House, however, has now seen fit to
strike it out, arid insert instead a pioposilion abol-
ishing all mileage, and requiring members to re-
fund the mileage they have already received during
this Congress, I infer they are serious; for I re-
gard every action and vote here as serious, and
I shall vote for the passage of the resolution as
amended, although 1 can scarcely hope that the
amendment will pass the Senate, but because a
majority of the Senate being sincerely in favor of
ioform, they may, if they do not see fit to go thus
far, strike it out, and send back to us something
in which the House may concur.
The gentleman from Kentucky, whom I do not
regard as a supervisoi of my votes, but to whose
gray hairs I pay the reverence due to old age, in-
terrupted the roll-call recently to inquire how I
had voted. He can find that vote, and my vote
on all other bills, upon the record. I voted my
conviction, which is that this mileage being, in the
opinion of the whole country, too high, 1 believed
that before we adjourn, when we are taxing the
people in the future so heavily, the least we could
do would be to reduce our future mileage one half.
We have passed reform bills reducing the pay of
chaplains, mustering bands out of the service, cut-
ting down the extras of officers, and we talk about
economy, and yet a majority of the House have
refused "to retrench their own expenses in one sin-
gle item, present or prospective.
Mr. PHELPS, of Mi&souu. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 desiio to know how this matter
is open to discussion.
The SPEAKER. The previous question had
exhausted itself upon the third reading, and the
gentleman from Indiana, having introduced tiie
pioposition, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. Some gentlemen who were not
heie at the extra session of Congress, not being
then elected, com plain about the proposition I have
introduced; because, they say, those who were
here during the cxtia session of Congress draw
two mileages for three sessions of Congress, and
they will not get as much. But most of those are
gentlemen who come from a great distance, and
receive a very huge mileage. They have aright,
of course, to make that complaint, and I do not
eiineise them because they make it, but I say this
in reply; by my bill, if it had passed, the members
who sect'i: three sessions would receive two mile-
ages, while the members who serve two sessions
receive one and a half mileage. If anything could
be more equitable, I do not know what it is. In
proportion it is almost exactly the same.
Again: there are gentlemen here who were
elected before their terms commenced on the 3d of
March, and they drew their pay, at the rate of
$3,000 a year, from the 4th of March. There are
also gentlemen here, and those affected somewhat
by my proposition, who were elected in Septem-
ber, after the commencement of their term, and
yet they drew their pay from March on to Sep-
tember, aperiod of five or six months before then-
election, simply deducting $8 33j a day (or the
time Congress was actually in session, when they
were not here and performed none of the duties
and endured none of the labors of that session.
And yet their terms expire simultaneously with
ours, eighteen months from the time they were
elected, and they draw their per diem for the whole
two years, except the month that Congress was
in extra session.
I say these things to vindicate myself, and not
to reproach any one; and I only say that the mat-
ter is not so unequal as some gentlemen have said
it was, in conversations in which I have partici-
pated. I did think that this proposition should
be made at some time. I wish it had been made
earlier m this Congress, but thisargumentalways
is used, that retrenchment does not come at the
right time, that we should wait until the next Con-
gress; and when we come to that time, gentlemen
will say they were elected with the understanding
that they were to receive mileage at the rate of
forty cents each mile, and that it is no time to re-
trench m reference to them. I believe at this par-
ticular time it would be a graceful act upon the
part of Congress to cut down their mileage. I
offered this bill in good faith. It has now been
modified, in the manner I have stated.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
say with great brevity precisely the ground upon
which I offered my amendment. I had a serious
purpose, as well as the gentleman from Indiana.
This matter of mileage has been two or three times
before the House during the present Congress. 1
thought and think the graceful thing, in the pres-
ent condition of the country and in the depleted
condition of the Treasury, was and is for the mem-
bers of the present Congiess to give up their own
mileage, instead of regulating the mileage of fu-
ture members of Congress. When this question
was befWe the House formerly, 1 voted to reduce
the mileage. I am willing that future Congresses
should regulate the matter for themselves, as, un-
der all the circumstances of their condition, they
shall think right; but I do not think it is graceful
or liberal to undertake to regulate the mileage of
future members of Congress, while, at the same
time, we have taken full mileage for both sessions
of Congress ourselves.
Mr. COLFAX. We have thought it graceful
enough to regulate the future pay and allowances
of officers of'the Army. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from California.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of a reduction of mileage of members, and I am
very sorry to be placed in a position where I am
compelled to vote against a bill of this kind. But
I am not wiling that the impression shall go to
the world that the members of this House ate so
self-sacrificing as to tluow away pnit of their
mileage, while the fact is that the gieat majority
of them do not lose a dollar by the passage of this
bill.
The gentleman from Indiana speaks of it being
our duty to vote for this bill as a self-sacrifice,
called for by the exigency of the times, and yet
he knows very well that he has drawn every dol-
lar of mileage that he can draw for this Congress.
The statute allows us two mileages for each Con-,
gress, whether we coinc here two, three, or twenty
times. All of that he has drawn, lwillnotdis-
cuss the question whethet it was proper for him
to drasv his first mileage for this Congress seven
months in advance. If he was wrong in it, he
simply had the advantage of interest on the money.
But it is a poor argument for members who have
received every dollar they can get, to go to the
country and say," see how we have reduced mile-
age," when, in fact, all the change proposed to lie
made is to be at the expense of half a dozen mem-
bers from the Pacific coast. 1 am willing to pay
back half my mileage if a resolution be passed to
make that geneial. I will cheerfully vote for such
a resolution. Yielding in patriotism to no gentle-
man on this floor, I will give up pay and mileage
for the whole session, provided all other members
do the same. But it is unjust and unfair for mem-
bers to stand here and say that those who vote
against this proposition because all the reduction
is at their expense, are opposed to retrenchment;
and it is equally unfair to pretend to the people
that the majority are affecting their pockets by a
reform which does not cost them a dollar. I ask
the gentleman from Indiana this question: wheth-
er, if this measure be carried, it will cost him one
cent? I ask him whether he has not received all
the mileage that it is contemplated by law he can
receive, and hence, whether this would be any re-
duction of the mileage of members of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, except 6f those members who
were not here at the extra session? I believe it
would not be. For these reasons, I felt compelled
to vote against the bill, because I conceive it to be
unfairand unjust,and based upon false pretenses.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman from California
is here for many sessions, as I trust he will from
the course of his votes, lie will find that lie should
not throw so much feeling into a discussion.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Indiana
entirely misapprehends me. I usually speak with
a good deal of earnestness, because 1 speak from
stiong convictions; but I speak at the same time
with good temper and feeling. Those who know
me best know that while I speak earnestly, I do
not speak angrily.
Mr. COLFAX. I thought from the gentleman a ■
conversation yesterday, and his speech to-day,
that he had some feeling on the subject.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not think it entirely
proper for the gentleman to allude to a conversa-
tion at which he was present, and which was not
before the House. As lit has done so, he will
please state what remark implied feeling on my
part. I remember none, and think he is in error.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not repeat the remark. I
was only alluding to the gentleman's manner,
which before this was always friendly. 1 will
answer his question. We are levying taxes on
the people of the country, to be paid in the future.
We are providing ways and means for the future.
AVhcn we go to our people and ask them to pay
these taxes, it would be graceful for us to say to
them, "in the future we intend to bear our part
of these burdens with you. We shall not hence-
forth take the forty cents mileage which is now
allowed to members of Congress." That is all I
have to say, except this: 1 have drawn two mile-
ages for three sessions of Congress, while thegen-
tleman from California will draw one mileage and
a half, or $7,800, for two sessions.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution and bills of the follow-
ing titles:
Joint resolution (H. Tv. No. 105) to grant pen-
sions to masters and other officers upon the gun-
boats in the service of the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 573) to impose an additional
duty on sugars produced in the United States; sev-
erally, with amendments; and
An act (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of James
N. Muller, supervising inspector of steamboats
for the thud supervising district, without amend-
ment.
Also, that the Senate insist upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the House to the joint
resolution of the Senate (No. 86) regulating the
employment of convicts in the penitentiary of the
District of Columbia for their improvement and
benefit, and agree to the conference asked for by
the House, and had appointed Messrs. Grimes,
Trumbull, and Anthony, the committee ofcon-
feience on its part.
MILEAGE 01' MEMBERS AGAIN.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker,
during the various votes on this bill I have heard
it insinuated that some persons, I do not know
who, were voting to load the measure with the
amendments, first of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] and second with that of
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Aldrich,]
in order to render it so hateful as to insure its de-
feat. Inasmuch as such a suggestion has been
made, I wish to state briefly the views which have
influenced me, and, as I believe, the other friends
of the measure, ill the votes alieady given.
In the first place, 1 agree entirely with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] that
