1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
not only retain his power as president of the board,
to act with the others in relation to the light-house
establishment as it has been going on for ten years,
buttogive him theabsolutepower of interference;
to take men out of his own revenue fleet and put
them upon the board athis discretion. It is break-
ing up the system.
Now, sir, with all my respect—and no man en-
tertains more—and all my personal regard for the
Secretary of the Treasury, I think the whole thing
would be excessively injurious to an interest in
which I feel a very deep concern, and that is the
interest of light-houses on our coast. We know
that a great many light-houses and lights have
been broken up and destroyed on the southern
coast. They are soon to be rebuilt, and soon to
be relighted. To put this matter in the hands of
the revenue officers, who have business enough of
their own, m the fii&t place, in my judgment, if
carried out, will require a very vast increase of the
revenue force in order to attend to it. It is bad,
I think, in every aspect; and notwithstanding all
that has been or can be said, I must remain of that
opinion. I hope the bill will not pass. When you
have a system that in an experience of ten years
has been found to woik admirably, to the satisfac-
tion of everybody, both with regard to its cheap-
ness and the perfection of its operations, I believe
it is unsafe, on the recommendation of any Secre-
taiy of the Tieasury or anybody else, to break
into it by measuies of this description.
Mr. KING. This bill had passed the House
of Representatives and was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the Senate, when the com-
mittee took it up. Without having sufficient
information themselves to determine on the pro-
priety of it, it was referred by the committee to the
Treasury Department for information. The clerk
took it up, and then the chairman himself went
and consulted the Secretary of the Treasury. On
a very full inteiview with him, the infoimation
communicated to us in relation to the character
of these officers and the economy of the service,
which was one of the points considered by the
committee, tho committee were satisfied that the
recommendations of the Secretary of the Treasury
were entitled to respect, and unanimously assented
to the bill as it has been reported. This is the
condition of it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have been informed that
the Secretary of the Treasury has recently, upon
a nioie easeful examination of this subject and
fuller consideration, changcd his mind on this sub-
ject, and piefers now that the light-house system
should remain as it is.
Mr. CHANDLER., Permit me to say to the
Senator from California that I had an interview
with the Secretary on Saturday, and that no such
change had taken place then. If it has taken place,
it has occurred since.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not propose to argue
the question; but as the Senator from Maine has
said, this board has now been organized for a
number of years; it has led to great results, to a
peifect system. As I understand, the members of
the board receive no compensation for their ser-
vices as sucli.
Mr. FESSENDEN. None at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. They embrace men of
various descriptions of science. They have di-
vided off the various departments of their business,
organized into committees those who have charge
of the location of lights, the construction of light-
houses, the lights themselves, and experiments in
lights. They have been carrying on a series of
experiments that have greatly advanced the ser-
vice, and made it far mure economical. It is now
admitted to be a perfect system; and a change
such as is indicated would be an abandonment of
the system. Why should the change be made5
An officer of the revenue service is selected for his
skill in navigation,simply handling his ship,being
a reliable and intelligent gentleman, and a good
sailor. Now, however, we select for this kind of
seivire persons who have studied the specialities
belonging to it. There is no question about the
system having been economically administered.
It has accomplished great results. I think it would
he a public misfortune to abandon it at the instance
of no matter how high an officer of the Govern-
ment, who is not master of this particular subject.
The Secretary of the Treasury lives in the inte-
rior; he has had very little to do with the business
of light-houses, probably has never studied any
one of its specialties, and he comes into the De-
partment now and makes his suggestions. He
may see some causes why he would prefer this
change; but I think it would be a great misfor-
tune to abandon a successful organization and
make a change at the instance of an officer of the
Government who certainly is not familiar with
the particular subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Cali-
fornia says that these officers receive no increase
of pay. He is mistaken about that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I spoke of the board.
Mr. CHANDLER. The officers who are put
on this duty are on leave of absence, and the Sen-
ate knows very well that when an officer of the
Army or Navy is on active duty he receives a
great deal more pay than when he is on leave of
absence; and they get a much larger salary than
we pay to the revenue officers. They have quar-
ters; they receive mileage; they receive the differ-
ence between leave of absence pay and active ser-
vice pay, all of which swells the expense of the
system. This bill will effect a saving of many
thousands of dollars to the Treasury, and will, in
my estimation, actually improve the service. The
officersof the revenue cutters are continually mov-
ing about in their revenue districts. The Senator
from Maine is mistaken in supposing they are
busily employed in watching the revenue. As I
am informed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
they have ample time for this service, and it is
provided that they shall have no increase of pay
for attending to it; they will simply continue to
receive the pay to which they are entitled as cap-
tains or lieutenants of the revenue service as the
case may he. Upon the lakes at this time I know
it would save many thousands of dollars, and act-
ually improve the service. The same engineers
that have heretofore been superintending the build-
ing of light-houses will continue. Civilians have
heretofore been employed in many cases; most of
our light-houses have been built by civil engineers
employed by the superintendent of lights to build
them. I think the Committee on Commerce spent
at least two months in a thorough examination of
this subject, and they unanimously came to the
conclusion that it would be beneficial to the ser-
vice, economical to the Treasury, and better in
every respect that this bill should pass.
Mr. GRIMES. If the committee have spent
that length of time on this subject, they can prob-
ably give the Senate some information that would
be desirable before we proceed to vote upon it;
and I should like to know how many more offi-
cers will be required to be appointed into the rev-
enue service, if we adopt this bill, than arc now
appointed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I can answer that at once.
Not one.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I should like to know
how they aie going to do the business when the
light-house districts do not at all correspond with
the revenue districts. There are only twelve light-
house districts. One of them is on the California
coast, for instance. There are several revenue dis-
tricts. Now, how is the revenue officer on the
California coast going to perform all his duties on
that entire coast, and yet attend to all the duties
in connection with the light-houses? I think the
committee have not got very accurate information
on that subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I should like to have
the Senator explain it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Senator desire
an answer now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask one
question of the chairman, and that is whether he
or the Committee on Commerce has ever consulted
with the Light-House Board oil this subject?
Mr. CHANDLER. We had their report be-
fore us, the same as the Senator had.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is on another sub-
ject; but have you ever consulted them on this
point, as to giving this service to the revenue
officers?
Mr. CHANDLER. No; we did not deem it
neeessai y.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator spoke about the
present inspectors drawing mileage. Does he
mean to say that the officeis of the Navy who are
on the inspecting vessels—the light-house vessels
—have been drawing mileage?
Mr. CHANDLER. If they take a Govern-
ment vessel, they do not draw mileage; but if they
do not, they travel, and are paid for it. 1 s
Mr. GRIMES. Then, does the Senator sup-
pose that the revenue officer, when he is not on a
revenue vessel, is not going to draw mileage?
Mr. CHANDLER. The revenue officer goes
with his vessel.
Mr. GRIMES Exactly; and so does 
Mr. CHANDLER. Pardon me. The Army
or Navy officer has not a vessel, and cannot get
one belonging to the Government. •
Mr. GRIMES. That is where the Senator is
mistaken. The committee have not thoroughly
investigated the subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, we have.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will pardon
me 
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have two of these
vessels in my town.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Michigan
has notthoroughly examined that subject,nor has
his committee. There is a vessel put in charge
of each one of these inspectors. The Senate will
remember, doubtless, that some of these very ves-
sels were captured by the rebels, one at Charles-
ton a year ago this spring, one at the mouth of the
Mississippi river, one in Texas, and one in the
waters of North Carolina. The Senator from
Maine says that there are two of them to-day in
the harbor of Portland. As the board is at present
organized, the inspectors draw no mileage when
they are on these vessels; nor will the revenue
officers when they are on the revenue vessels; but
when you transfer them from the revenue vessels,
and make them pay their own expenses, the rev-
enue officers, as well as the Navy officers, will
draw mileage, so that the Senator is altogether
mistaken,! apprehend, on that subject. I do not
see any purpose in this bill except to create, first,
a new batch of officers, and second, to make the
place of light-house inspector a political office
rather than a profession. If that is the purpose,
we had better pass the bill, not otherwise.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Iowa
is making a very large mountain of a very small
mole-hilt. There is nothing compulsory about
this at all. Tnere is no change forced upon theSec-
retcuy of the Treasury or upon the Light-House
Board. Here is a simple proposition permitting
the Secretary of the Treasury, in case the exigen-
cies of the service require it, to appoint a captain
of a revenue cutter to perform this duty. If it is
more economical or better that an officer of the
Army or Navy should be appointed in any dis-
trict, he will be appointed. If there is any case
where it is better, where it is for the interest of
the Treasury, to appoint a revenue officer, he will
be appointed. Perhaps two, or three, or half a
dozen revenue officers, perhaps not any, will be
appointed under this bill. It simply gives the
power to the Secretary of the Treasury to select
one of his own officers to perform a duty which is
in his hands, and ought to be there. It is not the
Army or the Navy, it is the mercantile marine
that is benefited by the light-house system. Of
course it is for the interest of the Secretary of the
Treasury to keep up this service to the highest
standard at which he can keep it. I hope the
amendment of the committee will prevail. I ask
for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I did not propose to interfere
in this debate; but the proceeding of the Commit-
tee on Commerce strikes me so singularly that I
cannot forbear to say a word or two in opposition
to this amendment. We have confessedly had a
Light-House Board now for some eightor ten years
that have managed the system of the light-houses
and the lights admiiably well; I think no faultis
found with them anywhere; and now, not upon
the suggestion of that board, not upon any require-
ment of the service by those who have charge of
it, but from outside influence, it is proposed to
interfere with that board, and take from them the
control of it in the manner in which they have
had it heretofore. I understand the chairman of
the Comm ittec of Commerce to say that this allows
the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint. I do
not so understand his bill. The bill says the Pres-
ident shall detail 
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. Suppose, then, the President
of tin1 United States undertakes to interfere with
the Light-House Board, or the movements of the
