1-448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31.
same honored representative showed the nature of
the jurisdiction which he would claim, according
to the'following; record in the Madison Papers,
(p. 1395:) " Mr. Gerry thought we had nothing
to do with the conduct of the States as to slaves,
but ought to be careful not to give any sanction to it."
In these words will bo found our own cherished
principle—;-freedom national, slavery sectional—ex-
pressed with homely and sententious simplicity.
There is something grateful and most suggestive
in the language employed, " we ought to be care-
ful not to give any sanction to it." Ata still later
day, in the first Congress under the Constitution,
the same representative, in the debate on slavery,
gave further expression to this same conviction,
wlfen he said that " he highly commended the part
the Society of Friends had taken; it was the cause
of humanity they had interested themselves m."
(Annals of Congress, vol. 2, p. 489.)
The proposition of Mr, Gerry, after undergo-
ing various modifications, was repealed during
the next year. But shortly afterwards, in 1784,
three commissioners were appointed to lay out a
district not exceeding three nor less than two miles
square " on the banks of either side of the Dela-
ware, not more than eight miles above or below
the falls thereof, for a Federal town." At the
Congress ofthe succeeding year, which met at New
York, great but unsuccessful efforts were made to
substitute the Potomac for the Delaware. The
commissioners, though appointed, never entered
upon their business. Atlast,by theadoption ofthe
Constitution, the subject was presented in a new
form under the following clause: " Congress shall
have power to exercise exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever aver such district, not exceed-
ing ten miles square, as may by cession of partic-
ular States, and the acceptance of Congress, be-
come the seat of the Government of the United
States." From the report of the debates in the
convention it does not appear that this clause oc-
casioned discussion. But the discussion broke
out in the earliest Congress. Virginia and Mary-
land each, by acts of their respective Legislatures,
tendered the ten miles square, while similar prop-
ositions were made by citizens of Pennsylvania
and New Jersey. After a long and animated dis-
cussion, Germantown, in Pennsylvania, was on
the point of being adopted, when the subject was
postponed till the next session. Havre-de-Grace
and Wright's Ferry, both on the Susquehanna;
Baltimore,on the Patapsco;and Connogocheague,
on the Potomac, divided opinions. In the course
of the debate, Mr. Gerry, who had first proposed
the Potomac, now opposed it. lie pronounced it
highly unreasonable to fix (he seat of Government
where nine States out of the thirteen would be to
the northward, and he adverted to the sacrifice the
northern States were ready to make in going as
far south as Baltimore. An agreement seemed
impossible, when the South suddenly achieved
one of those political triumphs by which its pre-
dominance in the national Government was es-
tablished. Ponding at the same time was the great
and trying proposition to assume the State debts,
which being at first defeated through southern
votes, was at last carried by a c< compromise,"
according to which the seat of Government was
to be placed on the Potomac, thus settling the
much-vexed question. Mr. Jefferson,in a fami-
liar letter, thus sketches the (i compromise:"
« f t was observed that this pill [the assumption ofthe State
debt*] would be pcculimlybittei to thesouthinn States,and
that some concomitant measure should he adopted to ■>uecten
it a little to them. Tiieie had before been a piopo-sition to
fix the seat of Government either at .Philadelphia or at
Georgetown on the Potomac, and it was thought that, by
giving it to Philadelphia lor ten year?*, and to Geoisetown
permanently afterwauh this might, as anodyne, calm m
some degree the feimcnt which might be excited by the
other measure alone. So two of the Potonnw members
(one with a revulsion ofstomaeh almo^teonvulsive) agreed
to change their votes, and Hamilton uudeitook to eanv the
other point."—Memoirs and Correspondence of Jcrtcjson.
vol. 4, p. 449. 1 J M ,
^ Such was one of the earliest victories of slavery
m the name of " compromise." It is difficult
to estimate the evil consequences which it has
entailed upon the country.
The act establishing the seat of Government
having all ead y passed the Senate, was ad on ted by
the House of Representatives, after vehement de-
bate and many calls of the yeas and nays, by a
vote of 82 to 29, on the 16th of July, 1790. A dis-
trict of territory, not exceeding ten miles square,
on the nvcr Potomac, was to be acccpted for the
permanent seat of the Government of the United
States; " Provided, nevertheless, That the opera-
tion of the laws of the States within such district
shall not be affected by this acceptance until the
time fixed for the removal of Government thereto,
and until Congress shall by law otherwise provide."
Here, it will be seen, was a positive saving of
the laws of the State for a limited period, so far
as Congress had power to save them, within the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Constitution; but
there was also a complete recognition of the power
of Congress to change these laws, and an implied
promise to assume the " exclusive legislation in
all cases whatsoever" contemplated by the Con-
stitution.
In response to this act of Congress, Maryland
by formal act ceded the territory which now con-
stitutes the District of Columbia " in full and ab-
solute right, as well of soil as of persons residing
or to reside thereinprovided that the jurisdic-
ton of Maryland " shall nnt cease or determine
until Congress shall by law provide for the govern-
ment thereof." (Acts of Maryland, 1791, cap. 45,
sec. 2.)
In pursuance of this contract between the Uni-
ted States of the one part and Maryland of the
other part, expressed in solemn statutes, the pres-
ent seat of Government was occupied in Decem-
ber, 1800, when Congress proceeded to assume
that complete jurisdiction which is conferred in
the Constitution by enacting, on the 27th Febru-
ary, 1801, "that the laws of the State of Mary-
land, as they now exist, shall be and continue in
force in that part of the said District which was
ceded by that State to the United States, and by
them accepted for the permanent seat of Govern-
ment." Thus at one stroke all the existing laws
of Maryland were adopted by Congress in gross,
and from that time forward became the laws of
theUmted States at the national capital. Although
known historically as the laws of Maryland,
they ceased at once to be the laws of that State,
for they draw their vitality from Congress alone,
under the Constitution of the United States, as
completely as if every statute had been solemnly
reenacted. And now we shall see precisely how
.slavery obtained its foothold here.
Among the statutes of Maryland thus solemnly
reenacted m gross by Congress was the following,
originally passed as early as 1715—in colonial
days:
41 All ncgtocs ami other slaves alieady imported or here-
after to bo imported into thte province, and all elnldten
now born or heieaiter to be hoi n ofsuch negroes and slaves
shall be slaves dining their natuuil lives."'—Lausof Mary-
land, 1?1.">, ch. H, sec. 22.
But slavery cannot exist without barbarous
laws m its suppoit. Mai yland, accordingly, in
the spirit of slavery, added other provisions, also
reenacted by Congress, in the same general bun-
dle, of which the following is an example:
" No ncspro or mulatto slave, free negro or mulatto, born
of a white woman, during his time of "servitude, by lawm
this province, shall be admitted and received as «ood and
valid evidence in law, in any matter or thing wlwts-oevei de-
pending befoio any court of teeord or bofoto any magt^tiate
within thus ptovince, wherein any Christian irhite person is
concerned.'''—Laics of Maryland, Ytl'i, cli. J 3, t>ee. 2.
At a later day the following kindred provision
was added in season to be reenacted by Congress
in the same code:
;i No Mave manumitted agreeably to the laws of this Statu
shall bo entitled to give evidence agam^t any white per-
son, or shall be received a* competent evidence to manu-
mit anv slave petitioning for lus freedom.''—LawsoJ Mary-
land, 1796, cli. 67, sec. 5.
And such is the law for slavery at the national
capital.
It will be observed that the original statute, which
undertakes to create slavery m Maryland, docs
not attaint the blood beyond two generations. It is
confined to "all negroes and other slaves," and
their <{ children," "during their natural lives."
These arc slaves, butnoneothcrs,unlessa familiar
rule of interpretation is reversed, and such words
are extended rather than restrained. And yet it is
by viituc of this colonial statute, with all its ancil-
lary barbarism, adopted by Congress, that slaves
are still held at the national capital. It is true that
at the time of its adoption, there were few slaves
here to whom it was applicable. For ten years
previous the present area of Washington, accord-
ing to received tradition, had contained hardly five
hundred inhabitants, all told, and these were for
themostpartlahorensdistiibuted in houses merely
for their temporary accommodation But all these
musty, antediluvian, wicked statutes, of which
you have seen a specimen, took their place at
once in the national legislation, and under their
supposed authority slaves multiplied, and slavery
became a national institution. And it now con-
tinues only by virtue of this slave code borrowed
from early colonial days, which, though flagrantly
inconsistent with the Constitution, has never yet
been repudiated by court or Congress.
I have said that this slave code, even assuming
it applicable to slaves beyond the " natural lives"
of two generations, is flagrantly inconsistent with
the Constitution. On this point the argument is
so plain that it may be presented like a diagram.
Under the Constitution, Congress has exclu-
sive jurisdiction in all cases whatsoever" at the
national capital. The cession by Maryland was
without condition, and the acceptance by Con-
gress was also without condition, so that the ter-
ritory fell at once within this exclusive jurisdic-
tion. But Congress can exercise no power except
in conformity with the Constitution. Its exclu-
sive jurisdiction in all cases whatsoever is con-
trolled and limited by the Constitution, out of
which it is derived. Now, looking at the Consti-
tution, we shall find, first, that there are no words
authorizing Congress to establish or recognize
slavery; and, secondly, that there are positive
words which prohibit Congress from the exercise
of any such power. The argument, therefore, is
twofold: first, from the absence of authority, and,
secondly, from positive prohibition.
Of course, a 1-jarbarism like slavery, having its
origin in force, and nothing else, can have no legal
or constitutional support except from positive
sanction. It can spring from no doubtful phrase.
It must be declared by unambiguous words in-
capable of a double sense. In asserting this prin-
ciple I simply follow Lord Mansfield, who, in the
memorable case of Sommersett, said: " The state
of slavery is of such a nature that it is incapable
of being introduced on any reasons, moral or polit-
ical , but only by positive law. It is so odious that
nothing can be suffered to support it but positive
law." (Howell's State Trials, vol. 20, p. 82.)
This principle has been adopted by tribunals even
in slaveholding States. (See Horcy vs. Decker,
Walker's R., 42; Rankin vs. Lydier, 2 Marshall,
470.) But I do not stop to dwell on these author-
ities. Even the language, " exclusive jurisdiction
in all cases whatsoever," cannot be made to sanc-
tion slavery. It wants those positive words, leav-
ing nothing to implication, which are obviously
required, especially when we consider the pro-
fessed object of the Constitution, as declared in its
preamble, "to establish justice and secure the
blessings of liberty." There is no power in the
Constitution to make a king, or, thank God, to
make a slave, and the absence of all such power
is hardly more clear in one case than in the other.
The word king nowhere occurs in the Constitu-
tion, nor docs the word slave. But if there be no
such power, then all acts of Congress sustaining
slavery at the national capital must be unconsti-
tutional and void. The stream cannot rise higher
than the fountain head; nay more, nothing can
come out of nothing; and if there be nothing in the
Constitution authorizing Congress to make a slave,
there can be nothing valid in any subordinate legis-
lation. It is a pretension which has thus far pre-
vailed simply because slavery predominated over
Congress and courts.
To all who insist that Congress may sustain
slavery in the national capital, I put the question,
wherein the Constitution is the power found? If
you cannot show where, do not assert the power.
So hideous an effrontery must be authorized m un-
mistakable words. But where are the words? In
what article, clause, or line? They cannot he
found. Do not insult human nature by pretending
that its most cherished rights can be sacrificed
without solemn authority. Remember (hat every
presumption and every leaning must be in favor
of freedom and against slavery. Do not foiget
that no nice interpretation, no strained construc-
tion, no fancied deduction, can su/T.ce to sanction
the enslavement of our fcllow-me i. And do not
degrade the Constitution by foisting into its blame-
less text the idea of property in man. His not
there; and if you think you see it there, it is simply
because you make the Constitution a reflection of
yourself.
A smgh; illustration will show the absurdity of
this pretension. If under the clause which gives to
