2408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
for five years or two years in the State of Illinois
or the State of Ohio. Under this amendment, as
it is proposed, the person who has that claim or
that right to the service of another for that term
of years is to pay a tax of five dollars annually,
although the person owing the service is a white
man, or a white boy, or an apprentice. It is not
confined to slaves. Would anybody contend that
that was making property out of white men?
This thing of service or labor is a great value.
One person may have the right to the services or
labor of a lawyer for a year. A corporation fre-
quently engages an attorney, and by the terms of
the contract is to have his whole services for the
year. He binds himself not to do any legal busi-
ness for anybody else, and to devote his whole
time and attention to that corporation. There is
great value in the services that he renders; but
does anybody suppose that because you tax this
service, this value, therefore the attorney himself
becomes property, and is to be bought and sold?
It seems to me not.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Seveial Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. HALE. It is suggested to me that it is time
to adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us take this question
to-night.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to adjourn. I am
ready to say what 1 have to say now, but I will
give way if anybody wants to move to adjourn.
Mr. CARL1LE. If the Senator will give way,
I will submit the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us dispose of this
question. If we ever want to finish this bill, let
us dispose of this question befoie we adjourn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 23 noes 14; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 28, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ni. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rov. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was road and approved.
STEVENS^ BATTERY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Secretary of the
Navy;
Navy Department, May 27, I860.
Sir: The second section of the act of Congress making
additional appropriations for th-e naval service, approved
April 17,18C2, appropuated $783,294 for the immediate
completion of Stevens's buttery, now partially constructed
at Hobokcn, New Jersey, with the proviso, "that said
money shall not be expended unless the Secretaiy of the
Navy is of opinion that the same will scenic to the public
servicc an efficient steam battery."
A committee, appointed in pursuance of a resolution of
the last Jses&ion of Congress, having, after a thorough inves-
tigation, made an elaborate report adverse to this vessel, I
was not prepared to declare that her completion would
"secure to the public seivicc an efficient steam battery;"
nor could I, under the responsibility imposed upon me, go
forward to expend the Jarge sum appiopriated without fui-
thcr inquiry.
Considering that an opinion as to the efficiency of the
steam battery, if completed, could be best pronounced bv a
board of experts in such matters, I appointed such a board
for that purpose. The board was composed of Captain
Charles II. Davis, United States Navy, President; Colonel
Richard Delafteld, United States Aimy j S. M.Pook, naval
constructor; Samuel V. Merrick, Esq., of Philadelphia;
and Moses Taylor, E^q., of New York.
The board met a? New Yoik on the 03d of April, and ad-
journed on the 2d oi May. They stated m their lepou that
they had made themselves well acquainted with the views
and plans of Mr. Stevens, as they then existed ; had read
the description presented by him ; inspected the vessel and
the models of the vessel, and of the armament, and were of
opinion '-that the completion of the steamer of Mr. Ste-
vens in such a manner as to 'secure to the public service
an efficient steam battery,5 will leqmre modifications ren-
dered necessary by lecent important changes in the art of
war; and with these modifications this object may be
accomplished."
The board having presented no specifications, or stated
the modifications that would he requited to make the ves-
sel an efficient steam batteiy, m conformity with their re-
port, the late members were requested individually to fui-
nlsh the Department with this infoimation so necessary for
intelligent action. They have accordingly done so. They
£re Q,°Pimon that the vessel, if completed on the plans of
Mr. elevens, will not make an efficient steam batteiy, and
state in detail the modifications required.
In view of these report*, and the presumption that Con-
££e*sL1Ili1P^r0Pnalmg ^ie sum *or completing the steamer
of Mr. elevens, contemplated that the vet-sel should be
completed m accordance with his plans, and when so com-
pleted, should be an efficient steam battery, I do not feel
authorized to expend the money appropriated for the pur-
pose indicated, unless Congress shall so direct.
! have the honor to be your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES.
Hon. Galusha A. Grow,
Speaker of the Howe of Representatives.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
COURT W CLAIMS REPORTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House pri-
vate bills from the Court of Claims, accompanied
by reports; which were severally read a first and
second time, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON moved that they be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
LAWS OF NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
laws of the Territory of Nebraska; which were
referred to the Committee on Territories.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up and act on the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 389, to es-
tablish certain post routes. I will move that they
be all concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hope that my colleagne will
not press the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments at this time.
Mr. COLFAX. It will not take a moment to
consider them. I will state to my colleague and
to the House that it is the intention of the com-
mittee hereafter to report a supplemental post
route bill, which will include all of the post routes
which may be needed, and which are not embraced
in the House bill or in the Senate amendments.
This bill having already passed the House, and
been concurred in by the Senate, with amend*
ments, I do not want the fate of the post routes
in the bill and amendments and for all parts of the
country to depend upon amendments which may
now be offered, and on the action which may be
taken on the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses. I want the Senate amendments con-
curred in withoutamendment, so that the bill shall
speedily become a law. I do not want delay to
occur by sending the bill back to the Senate. As
I have said, the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads propose to report a supplemental post
route bill containing all of the routes not now in-
cluded. I hope, therefore, that there will be no
objection to taking up these Senate amendments
at this time.
There was no objection; and the Senate amend-
ments wen* taken up and read, as follows:
Insert after line three:
California:
From San Juan to New Jdria; from San Diego, via Santa
Isabel, to Buona Vista; from San Diego, via San Luis* Key,
San Juan Capistrano, and Anaheim, to the city of Los An-
geles; fiom Ohicoto Humbug Valley; from Qumccyto
Richmond; ftom Cuiaon, Nevada Territory, to Aurora, Cal-
ifornia ; from Laneha I'iana, via Poverty Bar, Jenny Lind,
BrushviIle,Salt Spring Valley, CopperopoJis and Jefferson-
ville, to Sonora.
Inseit after line forty, as additional routes in Indiana:
Fiom Wabash, via Milies and Mount Vernon, to Som-
erset; fiom Bremen, via Hepton and Milltown. to Etna
Green ; fromClaik's Hill, via Jefferson, to Franktort; from
Attica, via Rob Roy, Coal Creeu, Stcain Corner, Harris-
burg, Wright's Mills, and Syivania, to Annapolis; from
Kokomo, via Stanton and Ervin, to Poplar Grove.
Insert after line sL\ty-sevcn, as an additional route in Il-
linois, "from Mokma, via Adley, to Gooding's Green."
Insertafterhne eighty-eight,as additional routes in Iowa:
Fiom Corydon toOceola; fiom the city of McGiegor, via
Elkadei arid Volga City, to Stiavvberry Point; from Dodgc-
ville, via Morning Sun, Virginia Grove, and Cairo, to Co-
lumbus City; from Independence, via Brandon, to Vinton;
from Clayton to McGrcgoi; from Atranto, via Staeyville
and Wentworth,to Saratoga; from Charles City, vialtoek-
ford, Mason City, Chapin, Goldfieid, and E.igle Grove, to
Fort Dodge; from Giemvood, Iowa, to Nebia>ka City, Ne-
braska Territory; from Waveily to Shell Rock; from Dal-
manutha to Guthrie Centre; fiom Hook-'Point to Web-
ster City; from Brooklyn toAskaiusa; from Cedar Fails
to New Hampton; from Des Monies to Magnolia; from
Dos Moines, Iowa, to St. Joseph, Missouri; from Eddy-
ville, Iowa, to Nebraska City, Nebraska Territory; from
Eddyville to Des Moines; from Waukon, via French
Creek, Union City, Wmncbago, and Crooked Creek, to
Brownsville, Minnesota.
In line one hundred and eighteen, under the head of
II Kansas,'' strike out uMbsoun," and insert '• Mission"
before " Creek ;" *o as to make the item icad, " from To-
peka, via Mission Creek, to Council Grove.55
fn line one hundred and thirty-four, under the head of
u Kentucky," strike out -c Ilauodsvillf," and insert{< Har-
rodsburg;"so as to make the clause read, ii from Bryants-
ville to Ilarrodshuig.'1
Insert after line one hundred and thirty-six  as an addi-
tional route in Kentucky, " from Lancaster to Crab Or-
chard." ~
After line one hundred and thirty-niiw, insert, as an ad-
ditional route in Maryland, from Gtueenstown, via Wye
Mills and Hillsborough, to Denton."
Atter line one hundred and foity-three, as additional
routes in Maine:
From New Sharon to Farmington ; from Jonesport, via
Addison Point, to Columbia.
After line one hundred and seventy-seven, insert as addi-
tional routes in Michigan:
Fiom Ontonagon, Michigan, via Bayfield,Wisconsin, and
La Point, to Supenor, Wisconsin, during the opening of
navigation; from Shawamo, Wisconsin, via Stations one,
two, tlnee, and four, to Kewenaw Bay, Michig-m ; from
Station four to Marquette; from Station four to National,
(Minnesota Mine.)
After line one hundred and eighty-five, insert under the
head "Missouii:"
From Rochester, via Empire Prairie, Douglass, Island
City, Mount Pleasant, and Hugginsville, to Smithton; from
Snufliton, Missouri, to Mount Air, Iowa.
After line one hundred and ninety-nine, under the head
"Minnesota," inseit:
From Mankato, Minnesota, via Leavenworth, Brown's
Ciossings, Lake Shettek, and Biula Crossings, to Vermil-
lion, Dakota Tenitory; from La Crescent, via Troy, Chat-
field, Frankford, Grand Meadow, Mower City, Lansing,
Austin, and Albert Lea, to Winnebago City.
After line two hundred and thirty-eight, insert as addi-
tional routes in New Yoik:
Fronj Bainbridge, via Guilford Centre and Guilford, to
Norwich ; from Scio to Bolivar.
Insert, after line three hundred and eighty, as additional
routes in Pennsylvania:
From Callensbuig to Einlenton; from Washington to
Rice's Landing.
Insert, alter lino three hundred and eighty-seven, under
the head WNcons-in
Fiom Munchc's Post Office, via Monroe's Corner, in the
town of Erie, to the village of Hartford; from the village oi
Barton, Washington county, to Billman's Corner-, in the
town of Wayne; fiom Sturgeon Bay, via Egg Harbor and
Fish Creek, to Ephi aim, m Dorr county; from Avoca, Iowa
county, via the villages of Highland and Linden, to the city
of Mineral Point; fiom Baiton to Eckel's Corners, m the
town of Addison, m the county of Washington ; Amu Wa~
tertovvn, via Ixema, Coneoid, and Farmington, to Johnson's
Cieek, in Jefferson county.
After lino four hundred and fifty-three, insert as addi-
tional routes in Nebraska:
From Brownsville, via Neineha City, Monterey, Scott's,
Rodenbmg'a, and Middlcburg, to Sabetha,in Kansas; from
Fall's Citv, via Geneva, Rodonberg's, Scott's, and Long
Bianch, to Monterev ; from White Cloud, via Fall's City
and Table Rock, to Bcatnce; from Fall's City, via Middle-
burg and Athene, to Pawnee City ; from Fall's City, via Sa-
lem and Pawnee City, to Otos Agency, (Denm&on;) from
Arago, via Fall's City, to White Cloud, Kansas; fiom Peru,
via Biovvnsvtllc, Nemrhu City, and Falls City, to Atchison;
from Biown'-viMe. via Falls City, to Highland, Kansas;
from Fails City to'Hiaw.itha, Brown county, Kansas; from
Browimilo, via Monterey and Franklin. (Long Branch post
office.) to Table Rock; from Nebtaska City, via St. Fred-
erick and McClure's, to Table Rock; from Platt-unouth,
via Glendale, Fountain Station, Salt Creek, Lake Station,
Burnliill'.-, McCabe Station, McFarland's, O'Donnell's,
Brackctt's, Big Maitin-'s, Bisseil, Mabine, and Junction
City, to Fort Kearney.
After line four hundred and seventy-nine, insert as an ad-
ditional route to New Mexico, " fiom Abiqui to Garland."
After line five hundred, insert as an additional ioute in
Washington Territory, "from Lewistown to Florence
City."
As an additional ioute for Maryland, insert, after line one
hundred and foity-one, " from Beckleysville, via Grave Run
Mills, to Hampctead "
In New Jei&cy, after line two hundred and forty-four,
insert " from Mount Holly, via Lamberton, to Medt'ord."
In Kansas, after line one hundred and twenty-eight, in-
sert " from Junction City, via Gatesville, to Washington,
Washington county."
Add as an additional section:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and lie is hereby, authorized to fix the salaries
of special agents of the Post Office Department, employed
on temporary servicc, at any sum less than the amount
designated for such service by law.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I now give notice to members
of the House, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to send to us at once the
post routes that they may desire included in the
supplemental post route bill.
EMANCIPATION.
The SPEAKER, The question now in order
is the consideration of the motion to reconsider
the voto by which the House rejected House bill
No. 472, to free from servitude the slaves of reb-
els engaged in or abetting the existing rebellion
against the Government of the United States was
rejected, on which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Porter] is entitled to the floor.
