426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected. \
The question recurred on the adoption of Mr.
Colfax's substitute.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I desire to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on the rost
Office and Post Roads whether this tax of three
cents on ail telegraphic messages, except those
sent by the Government, and by the companies
owning the line on business of the line, is to be
exapted for messages of railroad companies where
there are special agreements with the telegraph
companies? The railroad companies continually
use the telegraph for their own purposes.
Mr. COLFAX. I should infer that the mes-
sages of railroad companies would come within
the exception, for the reason that the telegraph
lines running along a railroad may be virtually
considered the property of the railroad company.
However, I am not a lawyer, and my colleague
can answer the question himself iust as weil as I
can.
Mi*. WHITE, of Indiana. The railroad com-
panies use the telegraph every hour of the day.
Mr. COLFAX. The intention of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads was to ex-
cept all such cases. If the language used in the bill
does not cover the case which my colleague puts,
I regret it; and if the House have no objection, I
should be very glad to have the bill so amended
as to guard against any misconstruction in that
regard. I ask my colleague to suggest the lan-
guage which he thinks would cover the point.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object. I am opposed to
nil these reservations and amendments.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask a
question of the Chair in regard to the vote. If the
.substitute proposed by the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Colfax] be rejected, then the vote will
be on the original bill?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. Then I hope the
substitute will be rejected.
The question was taken on Mr. Colfax's
amendment, m thu nature of a substitute, and it
was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tlie third time.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the first and second provisoes, as fol-
lows:
Provided, That this prohibition f-hall not apply to any
rompany, person, or agent who eh all have at any time writ-
' Kin authority from the PostOthee Department toeairy s-Uch
matter outside of the United State* mails? upon specified
louteg: Jlnd provided further, That Mich license may ho
gt anted by the Postmaster Genenil, nnd'-r regulations to bo
by liiin piCM-ubed and conditio tied upon the due ntwrvanee
theirof, pioviding tlietoliy /'or the payment ot inte-; of post-
age thcicon notcxeeedmg the iates now fixed bj law.
It is vety manifest that under this last proviso
the. Postmaster General might show partiality and
discrimination, and might do much injustice. I
can see no object in conferring this authority upon
him.
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer my colleague by
reading what the Postmaster General himself says
in regaid to this provision:
tc To tbe> end we do not piopo-e to prevent the eatiy'mg
of" the mattei by tiams and otbei\Huclca which do not
entry mail-, but merely to get postage on such mattei how-
evei earned. 1 think we canieneh that object by licensing
tlx'v: tram.-. &,«•., to cany the matter, rating the'license by
the amount to be a-eeitaiued by the Post Office agents."
I do not myself like the license system, and in
my substitute avoided its necessity; but I am going
to vote for the bill just as it is. I demand the pre-
vious question.
^ Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman ftom Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man] is
entitled to the floor, and the gentleman has, there-
lore, not the right to demand*the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I had yielded the floor; but
I desire that those two provisoes shall be stricken
out.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
nsk the gentleman from Indiana whether, by the
passage of the bill as it now stands, we do not sub-
stantially take from Congress the power of fixing
what shall be the rates of newspaper postage and
vest it in the Postmaster General ?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
that it does not; because the bill fixes as the ba^is
of any license to be given by the Postmaster Gen-
eral the rates of postage as established by law.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not so
understand it. It places the whole matter in the
discretion of the Postmaster General, so that he
may order one newspaper to be carried for one
price and another for another price over the same
road.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is my understanding of
'the effcct of these two provisoes; but I hope the
House will consent to have them stricken out.
Mr. COLFAX. So far as I am concerned, I
preferred the substitute reported by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads; but the
House, by rejecting it, indicated that they pre-
ferred the original bill. It is not my fault that the
bill stands in its present shape before the House.
The committee prepared a substitute, to obviate
all objections as far as they could, and presented
it to the House; but the House has voted that it
piefers the original bill. 1 have given the gentle-
man from Massachusetts the language of the
Postmaster General himself in explanation of this
proviso. The gentleman will see that it is a mat-
ter that must he left in some general way. It. can-
not be determined in advance how much matter
of this description would be carried on a train.
That must necessarily be ascertained from the
mail agent. Something must be left to the dis-
cretion of high executive officers. I do not im-
agine that any Postmaster General, with Congress
watching him, and with all the people of* the
country watching him, and with all the argus-
eyed editors watching him, would ever be guilty
of making such a discrimination as the gentleman
from Massachusetts suggests. If any one ever
did, I would vote for impeaching him and turning
him out, and he would deserve to be turned out.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. What rea-
son is there for giving him the power of making
this discrimination ?
Mr. COLFAX. Because, as I said, you can-
not ascertain in advance the quantity of matter to
be carried on any tiain.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then you
leave it in his power to make a discrimination
against one paper and in favor of another?
Mr. COLFAX. Does not the gentleman from
Massachusetts see that it would be impossible for
us here in advance to ascertain the amount of such
mail matter that would be carried on a night train,
for instance, from Boston to Worcester, or from
Worcester to Springfield? I do not like to require
what I think would be impossible to carry into
effect, and therefore I could not undertake now to
fix the rate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. By the terms of this bill, the Post-
master General may make any contract with the
publishers of a newspaper that he chooses for the
carrying of that paper over the railroads. That I
understand to be a matter, by the terms of the bill,
placed entirely in the discretion of that officer.
Now, [ ask the gentleman whether, if the Post-
master General is to be allowed to make these
special contracts, he should not be regulated by
some rates of postage fixed by law '
Mr. COLFAX. I am very glad the gentleman
has called my attention to that objection again,
for I am now able to answer with "the bill before
me; and in order to prevent any further misunder-
standing as to the effect of the hill in that regard,
I will read the provisoes to which the gentleman
refers:
Provided, That thi< piohibition shall not apply to any
company, person, or agent, who shall have at any time
wntten autbouty Irom the Post Ollioc Department to carry
such matter outside of the United States mail, ujtoii *peei-
tied route-%
Jlnd jnovided finthcr,That -ueh license may he granted
by the Po>tma<tei Geneial, undci legulations to be by him
prcsciihed,and conditioned upon the due observance thcie-
ot. pioviding thereby for the payment of iates ot postage
thereon not exceeding the rates now fi^ed by law.
Now, sir, it will be seen that these are restrain-
ing clauses.^ They prevent the Postmaster Gen-
eral in making these contracts, or granting these
licenses, from saying to the publisher of any
newspaper that his paper shall pay more than the
rates of postage established by law. For, mind
you, this hill does not repeal the law fixing the
ratgs of newspaper postage. It simply gives the
PostmasterGeneral power to fix the rate to be paid
for newspapers earned on these trams, and limits
him to the rates now fixed by law. He, thete-
fore, would have no power to make one news-
paper pay twice as much as another.
Mr. WRIGHT. That does not answer the
point of niy inquiry. You fix by this bill that
the rate shall not exceed a certain amount, but it
is left discretionary with the Postmaster General
to fix any compensation, and to make any dis-
crimination he pleases, so that he keeps within
the rate fixed bylaw. Now I want to see it fixed
by law so that the Department shall have no such
power of discrimination between publishers of
newspapers.
Mr. COLFAX. I will endeavor to answer the
gentleman more clearly. It will be seen that the
rates fixed by law are not repealed by this bill.
The law, for instance, allowing papers to circu-
late within the States where they are printed at a
quarter of a cent postage, remains unrepealed.
Now, this bill says a license may be granted by
the Postmaster General, under the circumstances
named, to carry newspapeis with the limitation
that the rates charged shall not exceed the rates
of postage fixed by law.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It does not
say it shall not be less than the rates fixed by
law.
Mr. COLFAX. It says not exceeding those
rates, to be sure that there shall be no excess
charged from this license.
Mr. WRIGHT. And leaves it discretionary
with him to make any discrimination he may
please below those rates.
Mr. COLFAX. It is for him to ascertain, as
near as possible, the quantity of matter to be car-
ried on one of these trains, and then fix a license,
not to exceod the rates of postage fixed by law.
It is not to be supposed a Postmaster General
would throw away the revenues of his Depart-
ment by fixing any less rates. I had not supposed
it necessary to place any guards upon his action
in that direction.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As a friend to this
bill 1 should be very much obliged to the gentle-
man from Indiana if he would consent to striking
out these first and second provisoes, so as to allow
no such discretion as is there contemplated, and
which is certainly liable to be very grossly abused
by some power that may be brought to bear upon
the Postmaster General as well as upon the Sec-
retary of War, or the Secretary of the Navy, or
the head of any other Department. It is not safe
to proceed upon the assumption that nothing
wrong will be done, because nothing wrong ought
to be done. I desire that this bill shall pass, but
it seems to me that these provisoes constitute a
capital objection to it, at least in the minds of
many gentlemen.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman will see that
the bill is now in such a position, having passed
its third reading, that the amendment can only be
made by general consent. If the gentleman will
propose the amendment he suggests, an $ can get
the unanimous consent of the House, which is
necessary, I certainly shall not object. I demand
the pievinus question, "the House now fullyun-
dcrstands the bill. If they intend, like myself, to
stand by the bill, in spite of the remonstrances
against it, they will pass it. If they do not, it
should not stand longer in the way of the public
business'.
Mr. DAWES. I move to lay the bill upon the
table, and call for the yeas and niys upon the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas To, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily,
Bakei, Biddlc, Bingham, Fiancis P. BJair, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair. ButFmton, Buniham, Chamberlin, Claik,
Cobb, Frederick A. Conkhna, Roscoe ConkUng, Conway,
(Jotmntr, Davis, Dawe-5, Delano, Diven, Dueil, Dunlap,
Ed\\<ud>, Eliot, Fenton, Fo.seuden, Frank, Gooch, Gian-
eer. Guiley? Haicht, Ilauison, Hooper, Hutching Julian,
Keiley, Fiance W. Kcllo<rg.Law,Lazear,lieaiv, Loomis,
Lovejov. Menzies, Nixon.'Noble, Noel!, Perry, Timothy
G. Phelps, Potter, Alexander H. llice, Riddle, Robinson,
Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield,
Sherman, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Tutnu Van Hunt, Van Vaikenbnrgh,
Vibbcud, Wadswmth, Wall, Charles \V. Walton, Wafd,
Whaley, Wieklifl'e. Wood, Woodruff, and Wiight—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Aid rich. Alien, Ancona, Ashley, Baxter,
Bcaman, Blake, Campbell, Colfax, Cox. Crisfield, Cutlci\
Dunn, Edgerton. Fouke, Grider, Hickman, Ilolman, IJor-
ton. Johnson, Ivillingei, Knapp, McKmsht, MePhei&on,
Maltory, Marion. Maynaid, Mooiliead, Justin S. Mori ill,
Moms, Norton, Nugen, Patton, Pendleton, Pike, Pomeioy,
Porter, Piiee, John H Rice, RichauHon, Sargent, Shank.-,
