1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3369
lars. When it was returned tQ the Senate, a com-
munication was received by that body from the
Quartermaster General, suggesting these very dif-
ficulties. That document was published with the
proceedings of the last session of Congress; and
every member of the Senate and of the House un-
derstood the embarrassment and restraint which
the bill would impose upon persons authorized to
make contracts for the Government; and yet, with
a knowledge of all that, that act passed the Senate
at this session, and passed this House by an al-
most unanimous vote. And yet, within a month
afterwards, it is proposed to reconsider that bill
which has been twice considered within thirteen
months, and was regarded as the only safeguard
against fraud on the part of those who ai e author-
ized to make contracts for the Government, and
to suspend its operation until a period so remote
that, in all human likelihood, its importance will
have entirely ceased. I say that it is a burlesque
upon legislation. I ask my colleague what new
light has been thrown upon Congress that it had
not when the bill was passed, and that should in-
duce an abandonment of the policy then deemed
necessary to protect the Treasury against fraud ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I stated yesterday that
the reason why I thought the appropriation of
$1,200 for a clerk ought not to be paid was, that
on a thorough examination of that bill which had
passed here in the " presto, change, and begone"
style, I felt convinced that it would be impossible
for an honest Army officer to do his duty efficiently
and still observe its provisions. That was the
only measure advocated by me which passed this
session, and I will tell the gentleman from Indi-
ana why a new light has sprung up in me on this
subject. It was on my motion that a provision
was introduced making fraudulent contractors
punishable by courts-martial. Now, all that I ask
is, that the execution of that act be postponed until
it can be amended. When an army is marching
alons, quartermasters have to take supplies where
ever and however they can get them, but under
this law they could not get a load of corn or a
basket of bread without going through the forms
prescribed, swearing that they have no interest in
the contract, and the contractor swearing that no-
body is in partnership with him, and that there is
no fraud in it.
Mr. DUNN. Theobjectofthclaw, Mr.Speaker,
was a good one. It was that all contracts for gen-
eral supplies for the Army should be reduced to
writing. All possible provisions against fraud
were introduced into it. But the bill does notcarry
out properly the objects proposed. It is too ex-
tensive in its provisions. While it is proper that
contracts for general supplies should be reduced
to writing, there are other circumstances in which
it is absolutely necessary that the quartermaster
shall procure the necessary supplies in whatever
way he can. The act would amount to such an
embarrassment of operations as seriously to inter-
fere with the movements of the Army. I think
it right that the execution of the act should be
suspended; otherwise detached parties cannot be
sent out. We have passed a law this session pro-
viding that fraudulent contractors shall be pun-
ished under the rules and articles of war; and that
will be one wholesome measure of defense against
fraud.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not my colleague know
that this court-martial law has special reference
to, and can only operate on contractors? And I
also ask my colleague whether there is any law
in force to punilh officers for or preventing them
making improper contracts. The bill in question
was reported on favorably at the extra session,
and was passed at this session.
Mr. DUNN. I am very free to say that if that
bill has been properly drawn, so as to limit it to
general contracts for supplies of the Army and
Navy, I would have supported it, and would not
have been here to-day asking for a suspension of
its operation. But the truth is, that its provisions
are too extensive, and that it embraces too many
cases. It is necessary that its execution should
be suspended, so as not to embarrass the opera-
tions of the Army.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the fault with
this bill be as the gentleman states, that it is too
extensive, I submit to him whether we ought not
to amend or narrow it in place of repealing it alto-
gether.
Mr.OLIN. The difficulty, Mr. Speaker, is this:
perhaps the suggestion of the gentleman from
New York is well enough in itself; but to amend
the act we would have to go on and enumerate all
the possible cases in which officers might be au-
thorized to make contracts. The difficulty is that
in a thousand instances, perhaps in a majority of
instances, there is an absolute necessity for the
immediate furnishing of the supplies. For in-
stance, where your Army moves from its head-
quarters, and is cut off from communication with
its base of supplies, it must procure them where
and how it can. Sometimes your quartermaster
must seize them without making any contract at
all. If he had to make the contract and submit it
to the Secretary of War, the soldiers might have
to starve to death. This law has only been in
practical operation fifteen or twenty days, and yet
in nine cases out of ten it has already been disre-
garded.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. ' I ask whether it is
not practicable to amend the law so as to require
the quartermaster, or the officer who makes the
contract, whenever it was impossible, from the ex-
igencies of the service, to comply with the act of
Congress, to show that fact by affidavit? Would
not all the difficulty be obviated by making that
exception? The law is certainly an exceedingly
important one in the general, and if it were sim-
ply so amended as that the officer should show the
facts that rendered it impracticable for him to com-
ply with the law, that would be, it seems to me,
the best course.
Mr. OLIN. I suppose that half the time it
would require the contracting officer to be busily
engaged in making affidavits.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. He could do it
afterwards.
Mr. OLIN. The law is perfectly absurd, to say
the least of it. It is one of those hysterical efforts
of the House to remedy a difficulty which is in-
superable from the very nature of conducting mil-
itary affairs on the scale on which we are now
engaged. Unquestionably there are a gieat va-
riety of casesin which somesafeguaid ought to be
thrown around the contracts of the Quartermaster
General's department, and of the ordnance de-
partment, and of every depaitment of the Army
where money is expended. There should be a
general law requiring contracting officers to adver-
tise for the articles needed, letting cveiy one com-
pete for the contract, and leaving the proposals to
be examined and the contracts awaided to the low-
est responsible bidders. Every one will sec that
that is the only guarantee for fidelity and economy
in the purchase of military supplies. But does not
every one see, also, that, situated as we are, that
is wholly impracticable? The law provides that
the Secretary of War, when the exigencies of the
public service demand it, may dispense with that
formality in time of peace. It cannot be complied
with now,for the occasion frequently occurs when
the supplies demanded must be furnished within
twelve hours of the time that notice is given. He
must get them where he can,and if he cannotget
them by contract lie seizes them where he finds
them and gives certificates. What would be the
use of requiring him to go through the formality
of entering into a contract m such a case ? The
House may or may not suspend the operation of
this law, as it chooses; but if it does not, the con-
sequence will be that which happens with every
foolish regulation—the Deportment will, if neces-
sary, disregard the law, nine times out of ten.
Mr. DUNN. I desire to say one word further,
and then 1 will move the previous question. The
law whose execution it is proposed to suspend
requires that notice shall be given before any con-
tract is made. I.should like to know how an army
which, retreating, finds itself in strange circum-
stances, with its supplies cut off,can be supported,
if the quartermaster must give notice to the War
Department before he can procure supplies. The
idea is utterly preposterous; and if this law were
to be stringently enforced, half of your Army and
Navy officers would this day be under arrest. I
move the previous question on the third reading
of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was first on referring the bill to
the Committee on Militaiy Affairs.
Mr. DUNN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
IIoi,man were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 17, noes 75.
So the bill was not referred.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. DUNN moved the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation the
bill was passed.
OATH 01' ALLEGIANCE.
Senate bill No. 202, requiring commanders of
American vessels at foreign ports and persons
prosecuting claims to take the oath of allegiance,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move the previous
question on the thud reading of the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. *
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
LAW OF PRIZE.
Senate joint resolution No. 97, in relation to the
law of prize was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second, time.
The joint resolution was read at length.
Mr.'WASHBURNE. I move the previous
question on the third reading of the joint resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. P. A. C0NKL1NG. I wish to say that 1
think this joint resolution is in conflict with a bill
which the House has recently passed.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, the
main question having been ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. I am now in order in
saying that 1 think this joint resolution is in con-
flict with a bill which hasjustpassed both Houses;
and in order to ascertain that fact, I will move to
refer it to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE. This certainly is a meas-
ure that ought, to be passed at the present session
of Congies's, and I hope it will not be referred.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The pro-
visions of this lesolution seem to me to be right.
It provides that this prize money shall be depos-
ited in the Treasury of the United States while the
cases are pending in the courts. I think that is the
proper place of deposit. It is subject to the order
of the courts either fordistribution or restoration,
as tKe case may be. I see no objection to it.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Iftlic gentleman will allow
me, I will move to refer the bill to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, with leave to report at any time.
Mi. WASHBURNE. It seems to me it is a
question whether this resolution shall be passed
at this session of Congress or not. If it goes to
a committee, as a matter of course it will hardly
come back in time to be passed.
Mr. F. A. C0NKL1NG. I desire to say that
I have no wish m any way to embarrass the meas-
ure. It seems to me it is in conflict with our legis-
lation justadopted,and I wish simplyto ascertain
whether such is the fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As I understand it, the
gentleman from Now York [Mr. Sedgwick] does
not think it is in conflict, but thinks it does not
go far enough.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I hope it will be allowed
to go to the Naval Committee, with leave to re-
port at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman will
report it back to-morrow, I will not object.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I presume it will be re-
ported back to-morrow.
The joint resolution was then referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, with leave to report
at any time.
KANSAS INDIAN TANDS.
Senate joint resolution No. 98, to repeal and
modify certain portions of an act mentioned
therein, was taken from the Speaker s table, and
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length.
It repeals the second and third sections of the
