1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
Congress " exclusive legislation" at the national
capital slavery may be established, if under these
words Congress is empowered to create slaves
instead of citizens, then, under the same words,
it may do the same thing in " the forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings"
belonging to the United States, wherever situated,
for these are all placed within the same " exclu-
sive legislation." The extensive navy-yard at
CharSestown, in the very shadow of Bunker Hill,
may be filled with slaves, whose enforced toil shall
take the place of that cheerful, well-paid labor
whose busy hum is the best music of the place.
Such an act, however consistent with slaveholding
tyranny, would not be regaided as constitutional
near Bunker Hill.
But if there were any doubt on this point, if the
absence of all authority were not perfectly clear,
the prohibitions of the Constitution would settle
the question. It is true that Congress has "ex-
clusive legislation" within the District; but the
prohibitions to grant titles of nobility, to pass ex
post facto laws, to pass bills of attainder, and to
establish religion, are unquestionable limitations
of this power. There is also another limitation,
which is equally unquestionable. It is found in
an amendment proposed by the First Congress,
on the recommendation of several States, as fol-
lows:
"No person shall be deprived ofhfe, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due jnoccss of law."
Thisprohibilion,according to the Supreme Court,
is obligatory on Congress. (Barron vs. Baltimore,
7 Peters's Rep., 243.) It is also applicable to all
who are claimed as slaves; for, in the eye of the
Constitution,every human bewgwithin itssphere,
whether Caucasian, Indian, or African, from the
President to the slave, is a person. Of this there
can be no question. But a remarkable incident of
history confirms this conclusion. As originally
recommended by North Carolina and Virginia,
this proposition was restrained to the freeman.
Its language was:
** No freeman ouuht to be depiived of his life, hbcr/i/, oi
propcity, but by tlx; Jaw of tho land.'5
Of course, if the word freeman had been adopted,
this clause would have boon restrained in its effect-
ive power. Rut in deliberately rejecting this lim-
itation, the authors of the amendment recorded
their purpose that no person, within the national
jurisdiction, of whatever character, shall be de-
prived of liberty wiihout due process of law. The
latter words are borrowed from Magna Charta,
and they mean without due presentment, indict-
ment, or other judicial proceedings. But Congress,
in undertaking to suppoit slavery at the national
capital, has enacted that pci sons may be deprived
of liberty there without any presentment, indict-
ment, or other judicial proceedings. Therefore,
evety person now detained as a slave in the na-
tional capital is detained m violation of the Con-
stitution. Not only is his liberty taken without
due process of law, but since he is tyrannically
despoiled of all the fruits of his industry, his pi op-
erty also is taken without due process of law.
You talk sometimes of guarantees of the Consti-
tution. Here is an unmistakable guarantee, and I
hold you to it.
Bringing the argument together, the conclusion
may be briefly stated. The five-headed Barba-
rism of slave lv, beginning in violence, can have no
legal or constitutional existence, unless through
positive words expressly authorizing it. As no
such positive words can be found m the Consti-
tution, all legislation by Congress supporting sla-
very must be unconstitutional and void, while it
is made still fuithcr impossible by positive voids
of prohibition guarding the liberty of every person
within the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress.
A court properly inspired, and leady to assume
that just responsibility which dignifies judicial
tribunals, would at once declare slavery impos-
sible at the national capital, and set every slave
fiee—as Lord Mansfield declared slavery impos-
sible m England, and set eveiy slave free. The
two cases are parallel; but, alas ! the coui t is want-
ing here. The lcgiiln y of sla\ei y m England dur-
ing the last ci ntury was affirmed by the ablest
lawyers in piofeusional opinions; it was also af-
firmed on the bench. England was a slave State,
and even its newspapers were disfiguied with ad-
vcitiseniMUs fin the sale of human brings; while
the merchants of London, backed by great names
m the law, sustained the outrage. Then appeared
Granville Sharp, the philanthropist, who, pained
by the sight of slavery, and especially shocked
by the brutality of a slave hunt in the streets of
London, was aroused to question its constitution-
ality in England. For two years he devoted him-
self to an anxious study of the British constitu-
tion in all its multifai ious records. His conclusion
is expressed in these precisc words: "Neither
the word slaves or anything that can justify the
enslaving of others can be found there, God be
praised !" (Hoare's Life of Sharp, vol. 1, p. 58,
cap. 1.) Thus encouiaged, he persevered. By his
generous exertions the negro Sommersett, claimed
as a slave by a Virginia gentleman then in Lon-
don, was defended, and the court of King's Bench
compelled to that immortal judgment by which
slavery was fore /er expelled from England, and
the eaily boast of the Biitish constitution bccame
a practical verity. More than fifteen thousand
persons, held as slaves in 1772 on British soil—
four times as many as are now found in the na-
tional capital—became instantly free, without price
or ransom.
But the good work which courts have thus far
declined remains to be done by Congress. Sla-
very, which is a bai barous anomaly and an anach-
ronism here, must be made to disappear from the
national capital; if not in one way, then in an-
other. A judgment of court would be simply on
the question of constitutional right, without regard
to policy. But there is no consideration of right
or of policy—from the loftiest principle to the
humblest expediency—which may not properly
enterinto the conclusion of Congress. The former
would be the triumph of the magistrate; the latter
of the statesman. Let it come from magistrate or
from statesman, it will constitute an epoch in his-
tory.
But the question is asked, shall we vote money
for this purpose ? I cannot hesitate. And here
there aie two considerations, which with me are
pievailing. First, the relation of master and slave
at the national capital has from the beginning been
established and maintained by Congress, every-
where in sight, and even directly under Us own
eyes. The master held the slave; but Congress,
with strong arm, stood behind the master, look-
ing on and sustaining him. Not a dollar of wages
has been taken, not a child has been stolen, not
a wife has been torn from her husband, without
the hand of Congress. If not a partnership, there
was a complicity on the part of Congress, through
which the whole country has become responsible
for the manifold wrong. Though al way sprotesting
against its continuance, and laboring earnestly for
its removal, yet gladly do I now accept my share
of the promised burden. And, secondly, even if
we are not all involved in the manifold wrong,
nothing is clearer than that the mode proposed is the
gentlest, quietest, and surest in which the benefi-
cent change can be accomplished. It is, there-
fore, the most practical. It lecognizes slavery as
an existing fact and provides for its removal. And
when I think of the unquestionable good which
we seek; of all its advantages and glories; of the
national capital redeemed; of the national charac-
ter elevated-.and of a magnanimous example which
can never die; and when I think, still further, that,
according to a lulc alike of jurisprudence and
morals, liberty is priceless, I cannothesitateatany
appropriation within our means by which all these
things of incalculable value can be promptly se-
cured.
As I find no reason of policy adverse to such
appropriation, so do I find no objection to it in
the Constitution. ! am aware that it is some-
times asked where m the Constitution is the
power to make such appropnation ? But nothing
can be clearer than that under the words confer-
ing " exclusive jurisdiction m all cases whatso-
ever," Congress may create freemen, although
ltmay not create slaves. And, of course, u may
exercise all the powers necessary to this end,
whethei by a simple act of emancipation or a vote
of money. If there- could be any doubt on this
point, it would be removed when we reflect that
the abolition of slavery, with all the natural in-
cidents of such an act, has been constantly recog- ■
nized as within ihe sphere of legislation. It was .
so lcgarded by Washington, who, m a generous i
letter to La Fayette, dated May 10, 1786, said: "It |
certainly mi^hf and assuredly ought to be ef- ;
fected. and that, too, by legislative authority." h <
is through legislative authority that slavery lma 1
been abolished in State after State of our TJnion,
and also in foreign countries. And I have yet to
learn that the power of Congress for this purpose
at this national capital is less complete than that
of any other legislative body within its own juris-
diction.
But while not doubting the power of Congress'
in any of its incidents, 1 prefer to consider the-
money which we pay as in the nature of mnsomi
rather than compensation, so that freedom shall he
yielded rather than purchased; and I place it at
once under the sanction of that commanding char-
ity proclaimed by prophets and enjoined by apos-
tles, which all history recognizes and which the
Constitution cannot impair. From time imme-
morial every Government has undertaken to ran-
som its subjects from captivity, and sometimes a
whole people has felt its resources well bestowed
in the ransom of its prince. Religion and human-
ity have both concurred in this duty, as more than
usually sacred. " The ransom of captives is a
great and excelling office of justice," exclaims
one of the early fathers. And the pious St. Am-
brose insisted upon breaking up even the sacred
vessels of the Church, saying, " the ornament of
the sacraments is the redemption of the captives."
The power thus commended has been exercised
by the United States under important circum-
stances with the cooperation of the best names of
our history, so as to he beyond question. The
instance may not be familiar, but it is decisive,
while from beginning to end it is full of instruc-
tion.
Who has not heard of the Barbary States and
of the pretension put forth by these Powers to
enslave white Christians? Algiers was the chief
seatof this enormity, which, through the insensi-
bility or incapacity of Christian States, was al-
lowed to continue for generations. Good men
and great men were degiaded to be captives, while
many, neglected by fortune, perished in barbar-
ous slavery, liven in our colonial days there
were cases of Americans whose fate, while in the
hands of these slave masters, excited general sym- ^
pathy. It was only by ransom that their freedom
was obtained. Perhaps no condition was more
calculated to arouse indignant rage. And yet the
disposition so common among us to palliate sla-
very in Washington has shown itself with regard
to slavery in Algiers; and, indeed, the same argu-
ments'to soften publicopinion have been employed
in the two instances. The parallel is so complete
that I shall require all your trust to believe that
what I read is not an apology for slavery here.
Thus a member of a diplomatic mission from
England, who visited Baibary in 1784, speaks of
the slavery which he saw: It is very slightly in-
flicted, and as to any labor undergone, it does not
deserve the name." (Kcatinge'sTravels, p. 250.)
And another earlier traveler, after describing the
comfortable condition of the white slaves, adds, in
words to which we are accustomed: " 1 am sure
we saw several captives who live much better in
Barbary than ever they did in their own country.
Whatever money in charity was sent them by their
friends in Europe was their own. And yet this
is called insupportable slavery among Turks and
Moors. But we found this, as well as many other
things in this country, strangely misrepresented."
(Braithwaite's Revolutions in Morocco, p. 353.)
And a more recent French writer asserts, with a
vehemence to which we are habituated from the
partisans of slavery in our country, that the white
slaves at Algiers were not exposed to the mis-
eries which they represented; that they were well
clad and well fed, much better than the free Chris-
tians there; that special care was bestowed upon
those who became ill; and that some were allowed
such privileges as to become indifferent to freedom,
and even to prefer Algiers to their own country.
{Histoire d'Mger, Paria, 1830, cap. 27.) Believe
me, sir, in stating these things, I simply follow
history; and I refer to the volume and page or
chapter of the authorities which I quote, that the
careful inquirer may see that they relate to slavery
abroad, and not to slavery at home. If I continue
to unfold this strange, eventful story, it will be in
order to exhibit the direct and constant inf<erve?i-
tion of Congress for the ransom of blavts; but the
stoiy itself is an argument against slavery, perti-
nent to the piesent occasion, which I am not un-
willing to adopt.
Scarcely was our national independence estab-
lished when we were aroused to fresh efforts for
