1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
Shiel, Sloan, Stevens, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
br!dgea Upton, Vallnndigliam, Verrce, Voorhees, Wallace,
E. P. "Walton, Washburne, Webster, Albert S. White,
Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—60.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid upon the table; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS.. I move that general debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill shall be closed within one hour
after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL SECRETARIES OF WAR.
Mr. GrOOCH. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the Speak-
er's table Senate bill No. 164, to authorize the Pres-
ident to appoint twoadditional Secretaries of War,
in order to put it on its passage.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest that that bill
be,referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
Mr. WOOD. I object to its being called up.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. PR.ICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a joint resolution in rela-
tion to certain railroads in the State of Missouri.
Mr. DAWES. I object to that bill being put
on its passage.
Mr. PRICE. I only propose that it shall be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to its introduction
at this time.
ADDITIONAL SECRETARIES OF WAR—AGAIN.
Mr. GOOCH. I understand that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] withdraws his ob-
jection to taking up Senate bill No. 1G4, author-
izing the President to appoint two additional Sec-
retaries of War, and 1 ask that it be taken up and
put on its passage.
Mr. HOjLMAN. I object to its consideration
at this time.
Mr. GOOCH. I move, then, that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business upon
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
SIGNAL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
bill No. 141, making appropriations for the sig-
nal service of the United States; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the Houflc re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. GOOCH. It will take but a moment to
reach the bill authorizing the appointment of two
additional Secretaries of War.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
CRIMINAL JUSTICE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the bill
(S. No. 137) in regard to the administration of
criminal justicein theDistrictofColumbia; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PROTECTION TO OVERLAND EMIGRANTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
bill (S. No. 99) to provide for the protection of
the overland emigrants to California,Oregon,and
Washington Territory; which was read a firstand
second lime by its title, and, on motion ot Mr.
Sargent, referred to the Committee on Military
o- rt T | o
JAPANESE PRESENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 34, authorizing certain
officers of the Navy to accept presents offered by
the Japanese Govim nment; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
ADDITIONAL SECRETARIES OF WAR AGAIN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
bill (S. No. 164) authorizing the President to ap-
point two additional Secretaries of War; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. GOOCH. I move that the bill be put on
its passage, and I demand the previous question
on its third reading.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. This bill may be right,
but there ought to be some explanation of it.
The bill was ordered to bo read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
The bill authorizes the President of the United
States to appoint two additional Secretaries of
War, at $3,000 per annum, each, who shall per-
form the duties in the office of the Secretary of
War belonging to that Department, as prescribed
by the Secretary of War, or may be required by
law; and it provides, further, that these offices of
additional Secretaries shall .continue one year.
Mr. GOOGH. I demand the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
On seconding the previous question, the House
was divided; and there were—ayes 38, noes 43.
Mr. GOOCH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Cuisfikld were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 35.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Docs the Secretai y of War
ask for these additional Secretaries of War?
Mr. GOOCH. I-Ie docs.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yens ()J, nays 30; as follows:
YKAr5—Aldrieb, Alley. Anoona, Arnold, A«hlcv,
Joseph J3aUv, Baxter, iiiddle, JJinghnm, Jacob 3J. IJlau,
Samuel S. iilau, I3iake, George II. I3io\vne, William G.
Brown, 15uflinton, Chainbeihn, Clark, Cobb, Colfax, Coin-
ing, Covode, Cox, Cnsfield, Cutlei, Dawes, DeJanOjDucIl,
Dunlap, Goocli, Gianper, Glider, Giulev, Haight, Hall,
Ilanison, Hooper, Hoiton, Hutching John-son, Julian,
Kolley, Francis YV. Kellogg, Lazear, Leary, Lovejoy, Mc-
Knight, Malloiy, Maiftoa," M.iynaid, Mooihead, Morn*,
Nixon, Noble, "Noell, Nugen, Udell, Patron, Pendleton,
Pcriy,Timothy G. l'help-, Pouer, Potter, 1'rie^, Alexander
II. Rice, Riddle, Saigent, Shanks, Sheffield, Sherman. John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Franei> Thoni<\s, Ti.un, Upton, Yalldmhgharn,
Vibbard, Wadswnrth, Wallace, Chailes YV. YYalton. E. P.
YValton, YY'uiri, YVebster, YYlialev, Albeit S. White. Clul-
ton A. Wlute, Woodmtf, YVorcester, and YVright— 01.
NAYS—Messrs, Allen, Baker, Francis P. Blair, Fieder-
iek A.Conkhng.Ro-eoeConkhna, Conway, Diven, Frank,
FFolman, Kilhnger, Knapp, Law, Loomis, Menzie>, Justin
S. Moinll, Notion, Robinson, Edwaid U. Uollin>, James S.
Rollins, Sedgwick, Sluel, Tumble, Tuuvhudge, Y'.in Flora,
V.tn Valkenbuigh, Voorhecs, Wall, YVa&hbume, YY'ickhlie,
and YY'ils-on—30.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GOOCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNARD, (at
twenty minutes to fouro'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 22, 1802.
Prayer by the Uev. Everard Kempshall, of
New jersey.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, m an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of December 24,
1861, in relation to the appointment of acting lieu-
tenants, masters and masters'mates, paymasters,
and assistant paymasters, since the commence-
ment of the present rebellion; which, on motion
of Mr. Hale, was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Treasurer of the United States, trans-
mitting a certified copy of the Treasurer's accounts
of receipts and disbursements for the service of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
June, 30,1861; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 238) to pay the expenses of the
special commission of the House of Represent-
atives appointed July 8,1861, to ascertain and re-
port in regard to contracts with any Department
of the Government for provisions, supplies, trans-
portation, &c., was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Pembroke, Massachusetts, praying for the
total abolition of slavery throughout the country;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, protesting against the appointment of
a solicitor of customs in the city of New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
New Hampshire, piaying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mc-
Henry county, Illinois, praying for the total ab-
olition of slavery throughout the country; which
was ordered to lie .on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of David
H. Burr, late surveyor general of Utah, praying
for reimbursement of certain expenses incurred in
transferring the aichives of his office to his suc-
cessor; which was leferre'd to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citizens
of Kansas, praying that provision may be made
by law for the extension of Government surveys
over the lands lying west, and along the line of
surveys heretofore made in the State of Kansas;
also, that proper treaties may be made with the
Osage and Cherokee Indians for their lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. W1LMOT presented apetition of citizens
ofPennsylvania, praying that homoeopathic phy-
sicians may be appointed surgeons in the Army
and Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Ml*. WILSON presented the petition of Shep-
ard Davis, praying for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee-on Pensions.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 164) to authorize the President
to appoint two additional Assistant Secretaries of
War.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
1G8) to repair and complete a post office and court-
house in Philadelphia; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the joint committee of the
two Houses of Congress, appointed to inquire into
the conduct of the present war, reported a bill (S.
No. 169) to authorize the President of the United
States, m certain cases, to take possession of rail-
road and telegraph lines, and for other purposes;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five thousand copies of the proceedings of the Sen-
ate on the occasion of the announcement of the de-
cease of Hon. E. D. Baker, direct me to report the
same back without any recommendation. The
committee learn that the Senate, during the last
Congress, after full debate, decided not to publish
any obituaries of thiskind: but the rule was broken
down in the case of the late Senator Douglas; and,
in the opinion of tlie committee, if the rule is to be
vaiied fiom in any ease, there could not be a more
appropriate one than that of our late gallant and
eloquent associate, Colonel Baker. The commit-
tee report the resolution back for the consideration
of the Senate.
