2410
THE C 0JSrGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
upon the same, respectively, into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States,and take accrlificatetheieof,by vutue whereof
the said lands shall be discharged from said tax.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the following amendments:
Strike out" thereafter," and insert " after the tax com-
missioners herein named shall have fixed the amountand
after the words " United States," iuseit " or to the com-
missioners herein appointed."
The amendments were agreed to.
The Clerk read the fourth section, as follows:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the title of, in,
and to each, and every piece or parcel of land upon which
said tax has not been paid as above provided, shall there-
upon become forfeited to the United States, and, upon the
sale hereinafter provided for, shall vest in the (Jnited States
or in the purchasers at such sale, in fee simple, free and
discharged from all prior hens, incumbrances, right, title,
and claim whatsoever.
No amendment was offered.
The fifth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, Thar the Picaidcnt of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, may appoint a boaid of three tax commission-
ers for each of & aid Suit's m winch such msuriection ex-
ists with a salary of ,$'3,000 each pei annum, to give secu-
rity in the.«umof$50,000cach. m suchfoim as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall direct, and to be approved by liim, for
the faithful performance of all their duties as such, and to
account for and pay over all moneys and other property
coming to their hands.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the following amendment:
After the words "United States,"strike out the words
"by and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth section was read, as follows:
Sec.6. And bcit further enacted.. That said board of tax
commissioners shall enter upon the discharge of the duties
of their othee whenever the commanding general of the
forces of the United States, ontonng into any such insur-
lectionary State or district,'shall have established the mili-
tary authority of the United State* throughout any paush
or distuct oi county of the same, and they shall open otic
or more office-* for the uan-action of business.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. i suggest to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
we iuul not better amend the fifth section, by pro-
viding that the salaries of these commissioners
shall not commence until they enter upon the dis-
charge of the duties of their offices. Commission-
ers may he appointed for a good many of these
Stales long before they will be wi!ling to go there,
and they ought not to be paid until they are doing
some service. I move to add to the fifth section
the following proviso:
Provided, That said commissioners shall not receive pay,
under the ptovisions of tins aet, until they shall have en-
teied upon the dischatge ot their duties in their respective
districts.
Mr. STEVENS. Where is the amendment to
come in ?
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. As i understand this hill,
it provides for the payment of these commission-
ers of a salary out of the Treasury, and not a com-
mission on the taxes collected. I propose that they
shall not draw any salaries until they enter upon
the discharge of their duties.
Mr. STEVENS. ( do not sec much objection
to that. I suppose, however, that the gentleman's
amendment will not pi event them from receiving
their salaries from the time of their appointments,
provided that they immediately commence prepar-
ing for tiie discharge of their duties.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I see no objec-
tion whatever to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Let it be read again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. STEVENS, f think the amendment will
be sufficiently comprehensive if it ends with the
woids " the discharge of their duties." It may
be that they will have duties to peiform hero in
the way of preparation.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. Itis with great reluctance
that I make any opposition to the views of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways andMeans;
but certainly it cannot be his purpose or the pur-
pose of the House that the President of the U ni-
ted States, without the consent of the Senate,
shall appoint two or three commissioners for each
of these States, with salaries of $3,000 each, and
who shall 1)0 entitled to commence receiving their
salaries the moment they take the oath of'offico.
I have no objection to this mode of collecting the
revenue if it can be done; but my amendment is
designed to provide that they shall not teceive
any pay until they commcncc the discharge of
their duties. Do not let us have two or throe com-
missioners for each of these military districts or
insurgent States hangingabout here, and drawing
pay from the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " in their respect-
ive districts." I think they ought to receive pay
from the time when they commence their duties
here, if they have any preliminary duties to per-
form here.
Mr. .WlCKLIFFE. What duties can they
have to do here?
Mr. STEVENS. If thejr start from here to go
to their districts, taking their hooks with them, I
think they ought to have pay from that time.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. Suppose they should start
from here, and do not go to their districts: they
would still receive their salaries. In that case they
will certainly start from here, and stop at some
watering place, or some such place. ,
Mr. STEVENS. I think that is a presumption
against the officers to be appointed, rather moic
than there is any occasion for.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the amendment to the
amendment will not prevail. I believe it is the
usual construction of the Departments, that an of-
ficer enters upon the duties of his office as soon as
lie is qualified and takes the oath. If the amend-
ment to the amendment prevails, there will be
nothing to prevent one of these commissioners
from drawing his pay from the time he takes the
oath of office, although lie may not go to the district
where his duties arc to be performed, but may go
to Saratoga Springs and spend his time there.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me call the attention of
the gentleman to the sixth section of the bill which
provides that—
The said boatdof tax commissioners shall enter upon
the dischaige of the duties of their office whenever the com-
manding general of the forces of the United Stales, entering
into any such insurrectionary State or distuct, shall have
established the military authority of the United States
tluoughout any parish ordistnctor county of the same, and
thev '-hall open one or more offices for the transaction of
badness.
That section fixes the time when they shall enter
upon the discharge of their duties.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I should like to have
the amendment provide that they shall not draw
any pay until they shall enter upon the discharge
of their duties in puisuance of the directions of the
commander of the mihuuy district. 5
Mr. STEVENS. I call for tellers on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawes and
Lehman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 42.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE*S amendment, as amended,
was then adopted.
The Clerk then read the seventh section of the
bill, as follows:
Si-'C. 7. Jlndbeit fto thcr enacted, That the said board of
commissioners may be authorized in case the taxes charged
upon the said iots and p.uccls of land shall not be paid as
piovided foi in the third section of this act, to cause the
sainc to be advertised for sale, in a newspaper published in
the town or county where situate; and it theie be no such
newspaper published m paid county, or if the publisher
thereof refuse to publish the same, then in any other news-
paper to be selected by said commissioners in said district,
or in the city of Washington, ior at least four weeks, and
by posting notices of said sale in three public places in the
town, parish, oi district,within which said hinds are situate,
at least tour weeks previous to the day of sale; and at the
tune and place of sale to cause the same to be severally sold
to the highest bidder pursuant to said notice; hi all cases
where, the owner ot said lots or parcels of giound shall not,
on or before the day of sale, appear m peisoti before tiie said
board of commissioners and pay the amount of said tax,
with ten per cent, lnteiest theieon. with the co.-t of adver-
tising the same, or ieque<t the same to be struck off to a
puichaser ior a less sum than two thuds of the assessed
value ot said seveial lotsoi p.ucels of giound, the said com-
missioners shall at said sale sttike off the same severally to
the (fluted States at that sum,unless some person shall bid
a laigcr sum ; and in that case the same shall bestiuck off"
to the highest bidder, who shall, upon paying the pui chase
money in gold and silver com, oi in the Tieasuiy notes of
the United State?, or In ceitificates of indebtednessagainst
the United States, be entitled to jeceivc from said commis-
sioneis their ceitilicatc ol sale; which «aid certificate «hall
be jecejved in all eomts and places as pi ima facie evidence
of the legujarm* and \ahdity of said sale, and of the title
ot the said puichaser oi put cha-etd under the same . P? o-
vided, nevertheless, That the ownei of said lots of ground
mnv, zit anv tune, within sixty d.i}-s after said sole, appeal
before the Van! boaid of lax commtssioneis in his oi hci
own piop^i person. and, if a citizen, upon taking an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States, and pay-
ing the amount of the said tax, with interest thereon liorn
the date of the said proclamation of the President men-
tioned in the second section of this act, at tiie rale of fifteen
per cent, per annum, together with the expenses of the sale
and subsequent proceedings to be determined by said com-
missioners, may redeem said lots of land from said sale;
and any purchaser under the same, having paid moneys,
treasury notes, or other certificates of indebtedness of the
United States, shall, upon such redemption being made, be
entitled to have the same returned to him by the said com-
missioners, upon suriendering up the certificates of sale:
And provided further, That if the owner of said Jots of
ground, it a minor, a person of unsound mind, or under a
legal disability, tiie guardian, trustee, or other person hav-
ing charge of the person and estate of such person may re-
deem the same at any time within two years after the sale
thereof, in the manner above provided, and with like effect.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
amendments to the above section; which were
severally read and agreed to, as follows:
In line two strike out the word "may," and insert
'•'shall," and strike out "authorized," and insert "re- •
quiied." , ,,
In line six, after the word " town," insert " parish, dis-
trict."
In line twelve strike out the word " or," after the word
"parish," and insert "or county," after the word "dis-
trict."
At the end of line fifteen insert the following: " for a
sum not less than the taxes, penalty, and costs, and ten per
cent, per annum interest on said tax."
And beginning oa hue eighteen, strike out the following
words : " in all cases where the owner of said lots or par-
cels of ground shall not, on or before the day of sale, appear
in person before the said board of commissioners and pay
the amount of said tax, with ton per cent, interest Iheieon,
with the cost of advertising the same, or request the same
to be struck off to a purchaser for a less sum than two thirds
of the assessed value of said several lots or parcels oi
ground," and insert in lieu thereof the woid " and."
After the word " bid," in the twenty-seventh line, insert
the words " the same or," and in lines twenty-eight and
twenty-nine &tnke out the words, " and in that case the
same shall be struck off to the highest bidder."
In line thirty-six strike out the word " nevertheless," and
after the word kk ground," in the thirty-seventh line, insert
" or any loyal poison of the United States having any valid
lien upon or interest in the same."
tn line forty-tin ce strike out the word "the," and inseit
after "tax" the woids " and penalty."
In line fifry-two, after the word " sale," insert " with
the interest aceiumg atter said sale."
Inline fifty-live, sttiko out the word " if" where it occurs
after the word " piound," and nisei tin lieu thereof, " shall
be and after the word " minor," insert " a non-resident
alien, oi loyal citizen beyond seas."
Strike out the word " and" in line fifty-eight, and insert
in heu theicot u oi
Mr. OLIN. I move, now, to strike out the
whole of the seventh section, with*the view of
calling the attention of the committee to the ques-
tion whether it would be wise, upon the whole,
in a bill of this description, to require the sale of
the property assessed upon for the payment of
taxes. I suppose that members of this House
arc familiar with the fact that almost all of these
tax sales, somehow or other, through a defect in
the execution of the law, are usually found to af-
ford no protection to the purchaser, and, after a
careful examination of the questions involved, I
do not think that it is necessary to the divesting
of the title in the property upon which the tax ts
assessed that there should he a sale of the prop-
erty. It is particularly desirable, in the present
condition of the country, that the provisions of
this bill should be as simple, and its machinery as
simple, as possible. The object of the bill is to
enforce the collection of this direct tax.
A provision is contained in the bill that prop-
erty shall not be sacrificed, directing the officer of
the Government to become the purchaser on the
part of the Government, unless the piice bid for
the property shall be at least one third of its as-
sessed value. That, in my judgment, is a very
wise and proper provision. But it will be seen
that the more you complicatc your machinery for
the transfer of property sold for taxes, the more
liability there is that you will not effect a legal
transfer of the title out of the owner of the prop-
erty. I make these suggestions to the committee,
and call its attention more paiticulaily to the ques-
tion whether, on the whole, it would not be wiser,
after public notice for a reasonable length of time
has been given, and the owner does not sec proper
to pay the tax, to declare simply that their prop-
erty is forfeited to and vested in the General Gov-
ernment for the non-payment of taxes.
Now, I am aware that tiie opinion is held by
some, and possibly it is the best opinion, that m
oider to divest the title there must be a sale, and
that a sale is something very nearly approxima-
ting, if not cntiiely, that which is termed " due
process of law." But I am not of that opinion.
