428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
EXPENSES OF A JOINT COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Finance, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No.
35) for the payment of the expenses of the joint
committee of Congress appointed to inquire into
the conduct of the war, have directed me to report
the resolution back with an amendment, and rec-
ommend that the resolution as amended do pass;
and I am requested to ask for the immediate con-
sideration of the resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which appropriates §10,000, or
so much thereof as may be nccessary, to pay the
expenses of the joint committee of Congress ap-
pointed to inquire into the conduct of the present
war, the money to be drawn from the Treasury
upon the order of the Secretary of the Senate, and
by him disbursed on the order of the committee.
The Committee on Financc reported the joint
resolution, with an amendment to strike out the
wordw:
That the said sum be drawn ftom the Treasury upon the
order of tiie Secretary of the Senate, and by lum di^buised
upon the oidcr of the committee.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
And that the said sum shall he diawn ftom the Tiea?ury
upon the oulei of the Secretary oi the Senate, as the Fame
shall be required from time to time by the committee having
such investigation m ehaigc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concuned
in,and the joint resolutionordcrcd to be engrossed
and read a third time. .Itwas read the third time,
and passed.
WITNESSES IiEFOKE COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (Ei. R.
No. 219) amending the provision of the second
section of the act of January 2-1, 1857, enforcing
the attendance of witnesses before committees of
either House of Congress, have instiueted me to
report it back with a recommendation that it do
pass; and the same committee, to whom was also
referred Senate bill No. 1GJ, to promote the admin-
istration of justice, upon the same subject, intro-
duced by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
ask to be discharged from its further considera-
tion.
'Die motion to discharge the committee was
agiecd to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the House bill
which I have just reported, relating to witnesses
examined before the investigating committees.
The Senate is aware that one or two investigating j
committees are in session; and that, under .the ,
law as it now stands, any prison who testifies ;
before those committees in reference to any mat- i
ter whatever is discharged from criminal prose- I
cution for any offense that he may have been i
guihy of, connected m any way wit h those iuins- |
ncthms. It was under this law that Floyd was I
discharged after he had been indicted, and also
theclerk in the Interior Depat tment who purloined
the Indian bonds. This bill has passed the House
of Reptesentatives; I flunk then! can be no well
founded objection to it, and I hope it will become
a law at on< e.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the consideration of this bill at the pres-
ent timeP
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to its con-
sideration : but I desire, before it is put on its pas-
sage, to make a suggestion in relation to it. I
think there is a fatal objection to the bill in its
present shape.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the consideration of the bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. U. No. 219) amend-
ing the provisions of the second section of the act of
Junuary24, 1857,enforcing tiie attendance of wit-
nesses before committees of either House of Con-
irress. U proposes to amend, alter, and repeal the
provisions of the second section of the act entitled
"An act more effectually to enforce the attend-
ance of witnesses on the summons of either House
of Congress, and to compel them to discover test-
imony," approved January •'J-t, 185-7, so as to
lead as follows:
That file testimony of a witness examined and te>tifying
before either House of Congress, or any committee of either
House of Congress, shall not be u&ed as evidence in any
criminal proceeding against such witness in any court of
justice : Provided, however, That 110 official paper or rec-
ord, produced by such witness on such examination, shall
be held or taken to be Included within the privilege of said
cvidcuce so to protect such witness from any ciimmal pio-
ceeding as aforesaid; and no witness shall hereafter be al-
lowed to refuse to testify to any fact, or to produce any
paper touching which he shall be examined by either House
of Congress, or any committee of either House, for the rea-
son that his testimony touching such fact, or the produc-
tion of such paper, may tend to disgrace him or otherwise
render him infamous: Provided, That nothing in this act
shall be construed to exempt any witness from prosecution
and punishment for perjury committed hylnm in testifying
as afoiesaid.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to state my objection
to this bill, and then, of couise, Jt will be tor the
Senate to dispose of it as it thinks lit. It is a
most valuable safeguaid of the common law of
evidence, that a witness may always refuse to
testify when he thinks his testimony will tend to
criminate him. It is a rule of evidence that ha??
always been recognized, and witnesses have al-
ways been allowed to protect themselves under it.
This bill seeks to innovate on that rule; and for
that reason I object to it. It is not enough to say
that the testimony of a witness shall not after-
wards be used against him upon a criminal pros-
ecution. Everybody at all familiar with the pro-
ceedings in courts of justice knows that a witness
may be called upon to develop a state of facts that
will lead to other testimony which may criminate
him; and .thus, by this sort of inquisition, he may
be made to furnish the means by which he shall
afterwards be convicted. It is upon that ground that
witnesses always have been allowed to take the
objection, not merely that their testimony, if used
in evidence against them, will criminate them, but
that it will tend to criminate them. Now, the effect
of passing the bill in its present shape will be this: j
a witness may be put upon the stand; he may be
compelled to answer questions, and the answers
to those questions may be such as to furnish the
means by which he can afterwards be convicted
of a crime. 1 am not willing to make this great
innovation upon the common-law doctrine of evi-
dence. That is my objection to this bill. I think
it a very serious objection; and Tam very unwill- [
ing that tlfcie should be so great an innovation i
on the common-law doctrine as to the rules of evi- ,
dencc in relation to criminal cases, as this will be. *
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I agree in tiie :
principle stated by the honorable Senator from '
New York; but there is a pait of the bill which j
certainly ought to paso; I mean thatpoition which .
takes away the effect of the former law, so far as i
it operates as a kind of legislative pardon to a man, !
provided he has been examined in reference to a J
subject-matter which is ""before a committee of j
either House of Congress. The first portion of.!
this bill docs that; and I move an amendment to *
strike out all of the bill from the word <v and," in j
the sixteenth line, to the word " infamous,"111 the j
twenty-sccond line, both inclusive. That amend- ,
ment iemo\cs entirely the objection made by the j
honorable Senator from New Yoik. If those words j
bo stricken out, the common law will remain; the .
bill will then authorize a witness to be examiner],
audit willalso provide thatany official paper which
lie may produce may be used in evidence. I move
to strike out that part which compels him to an-
swer a question that may tend to his degradation !
and crimination. That is counter to the principles ,
of the commofl law. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment ;
will be read. !
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state for the inform- j
ation of the Senate that Senators will find the j
bill on their tables—No. 219 011 the House files; !
i and everyone can see it there.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will j
1 read the amendment.
! The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. ;
| Bayard, which is to strike out the following ,
| words: |
1 And no witness thai I heieaftei he allowed to refuse to j
testify to any fact, oi to produce any paper touching winch j
he shall be examined by eitiioi House of Cungics*," or any j
committee of either House, for the reason that his te-U- !
mony touching auch fact, or the production of such paper, \
may tend to disgrace him, or othei wise lender him in fa- I
mous. ;
Mr. TRUMBULL. The words which the Sen- j
ator from Delaware proposes to strike out are the :
words of the statute now. I will read the statute
as it now exists, passed the 24th of January,
1857. It is only the first part of the section that
is changed, and I will read the whole section:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no person ex-
amined and testifying* before either Rons'1 of Congress, or
any committee of either House of Congress" 
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a suggestion? If he will look
at this bill, he will see that it means to substitute
for the second section of the act of 1857 the pro-
vision now sought to be enacted, and therefore it
repeals that portion of the existing law entirely.
The only question is whether the provision in this
bill ought to be the law of the land. As I move
to amend it, it removes the defect arising out of a
legislative pardon; it also authorizes official papers
to be used. The only question is whether you are
to retain that portion of the act which compels a
party to answer to that which at common law he
could not be compelled to answer. That is* the
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read the section:
" No person examined and testifying before either House
of Coiigtess, or an> committee of cither House, shall be held
to answer cihninally 111 any court of justice, or subject to
any penalty or ioifeiture, for any fact or act touching which
he'&hall be requned to testify before either House of Con-
giess, 01 any committee of either House, and as to which ho
shall have testified whether before 01 after the date of this
act; and that no statement made or paper produce'd by any
witness before either Home ol Congress*, or before any com-
mittee of either House, shall be competent testimony in any
criminal proceeding against such witness in any couit of
justice."
The part which I have just read is changed by
the pending bill. The remainder of the section,
which I will now read, if Senators will observe,
is a precise copy of the law as it stands:
And no witness shall hereafter be allowed to refuse to ,
testify to any fact, or to produce any paper touching which
he shall be examined by either House of Congress, or any
committee ofcithei IIou e, for the reason that his testimony
touching such fact, or the production of such paper, may
tend to di*>2iace him or otherwise lender him infamous:
Proiidcd, That nothing in this act shalj he construed to
exempt any witness fiom prosecution and punishment for
peijuiy committed by lum in testifying as aforesaid.
The object of the pending bill is to change the
first part of this section; and the Senator from New
York is entirely mistaken, 1 think, in the effect of
this bill. This bill does not change the common
law in any respect, except it be in this, that the
witness may refuse at common law to testify to a
fact which would tend to disgrace him or render
him infamous, perhaps. My friend from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] shakes his head. There is a
dispute about that. That is a controverted point
possibly; but if that is not a controverted point,
if he may be compelled to testify now, this bill
docs not change the common law in any respect
whatever. The object of the bill is to put the wit-
ness upon the common-law grounds—the very
position which the Senator from New York desires
him to occupy. The statute of 1857 was passed
hastily; we all recollect that it grew out of a par-
ticular matter, and was known to be imperfect
when'it passed. It has operated so as to discharge
from prosecution and punishment persons who
were brought before these committees and testified:
, touching matters that they might have been pros-
, ecuted for. In fact this holds out an inducement
■ for the worst criminals to appear before our in-
, vestigating committees. Here is a man who stole
two millions in bonds, if you please, out of the
I Interior Department. What does he do? He
! gets himself called as a witness before one of the
i investigating committees and testifies something
■ 111 relation to that matter, and then he cannot be
j indicted. That very case occurred; the very clerk
! who purloined two millions m bonds from the
1 Interior Department was discharged and the in-
dictment against him quashed, as I understand,
because he had made some statement in reference
; to the matter before an investigating-committec.
. So it was with the former Secretary of War; there
■ were two or three indictments against him in this
| Distiict, but my information is that they were all
| quashed, upon the ground that he also had testi-
' fied before a congressional committee.
| The Senator from Delaware proposes to strike
j out that portion of the bill which compels a wit-
ness to testify, although his testimony may tend
to disgrace him. Perhaps it was unnecessary to
insert that clause 
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senator from Illinois
I will pardon me for a moment, I will make a sug-
j gestion that I think will settle this whole difficulty.
1 It the construction of the Senator from Illinois be
