1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
the protection of our enslaved citizens. Within
three years no less than ten American vessels
were seized. At one time an apprehension pre-
vailed that Dr. Franklin, on his way home from
France, had been captured. " We are waiting,"
said one of his French correspondents, " with the
greatest impatience to hear from you. The news-
papers have given us anxiety on your account,
for some of them insist that you have been taken
by the Algerines, while others pretend that you
sre at Morocco, enduring your slavery with all
the patience of a philosopher." But though this
apprehension happily proved to be without foun-
dation, it soon became known that there were
other Americans, less distinguished, but entitled
to all the privileges of new-born citizenship, who
were suffering in cruel captivity. The sentiments
of the people were at once enlisted in their behalf.
The newspapers pleaded, while the slave corsairs
were denounced sometimes as " infernal crews,"
and sometimes as " human harpies." But it was
through the stories of sufferings told by those who
had succeeded in escaping from bondage that the
people were most aroused. As these fugitive slaves
touched our shores, they were welcomed with out-
spoken sympathy. The glimpses opened through
them into the dread regions of slavery gave a har-
rowing reality to all that conjecture or imagina-
tion had pictured. It was, indeed, true that our
own white brethren, entitled like ourselves to all
the rights of manhood, were degraded in unques-
tioning obedience to an arbitrary task-master;
sold at the auction block; worked like beasts of
the field, and galled by the manacle and lash. As
our power seemed yet inadequate to compel their
liberation, it was attempted by ransom.
Informal agencies at Algiers were organized
under the direction of our minister at Paris, and
the famous Society of Redemption, established in
the thirteenth century, under the sanction of Pope
Innocent III, ollered their aid. Our agents were
blandly entertained by the chief slave-dealer, the
Dey, who informed them that he was familiar
with the exploits of Washington, and as he never
' expected to set eyes on this hero of freedom, ex-
pressed a hope that, through Congress, he might
receive a full-length portrait of him, to be dis-
played in the palace at Algiers. But amidst such
professions, the Dey still clung to bis American
slaves, holding them at prices beyond the means
of the agents, who were not authorized to go be-
yond $200 a head, being somewhat less than is
proposed in the present bill; and I beg to call the
attention of the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] to the parallel.
Their redemption engaged the attention of our
Government early after the adoption of the Con-
stitution. It was first brought before Congress
by a petition, of which we find the following
record:
(£ Friday, May 14, 1790.—A petition from sundry citizens
of the United Suitrs, captured by the Alserinca, and now
in slavery tlu-re, was pie-ienteil, pniyins! the interposition
ot Congress m tlieii behalf. Referred to the Secretiny of
State."—Jlnnals of Congress, 1'jrat Congie s, p. 1072.
An interesting report on the situation of these
captives, dated December 28, 1790, was made to
the President by the Secretary of State, in which
he sets foith the eflorts of Government for then-
redemption at such prices as would not "raise the
market," it being regarded as important that, in
" the first instance of redemption by the United
States, our price should be fixed at the lowest
point." I quote the precise words of this docu-
ment, which will be found in the State Papers of
the country, (vol. 1, p. 101,) and I call special
attention to them as applicable to the present mo-
ment. It appears that at this time the number of
whiteslaves at Algiers, belonging to all countries,
was nearly identical with the number of black
slaves at Washington whose redemption is now
proposed. The report of Mr. Jefle rson was laid
before Congress, with the following brief message
from the President, (State Papers, vol. 1, p. lool)
United States, December 30, 1790.
Gentlemen of the Senate and House of Reprcsentatu es ;
I lay before you a report of the Seeretai v of State on the
i! J ?C c,tl7'(;"s of t'"* United States in captivity at
Algiers, that you may p, ovule on tlieir belialt' what to vou
shall i-eeni most expedient. -
GEORGE WASHINGTON'.
It does not appear that there was any question
in any quarter with regard to the power of Con-
gress. The recommendation of the President was
broad. It was to provide on behalf of the slaves
what should seem most expedient.
Another report from the Secretary of State, en-
titled the Mediterranean Trade, and communicated
to Congress December 30,1790, related chielly to
the same matter. In this document are the esti-
mates of different persons.with regard to the price
at which our citizens might be ransomed and
peace be purchased. One person, who had re-
sided very long at Algiers, put the price at sixty
or seventy thousand pounds sterling. This was
the lowest estimate. But another authority put
it at §570,000; and still another said that it could
not be less than §1,000,000, which is the sum pro-
posed in the present bill.
Mr. Jefferson, after considering the subject at
some length, concludes as follows:
''Upon the whole it rests with Congress* to decide be-
tween war, tribute, and ransom. If war. they will consider
how far out own resouices shall be called foith. If mbute
or ransom, it will rc<>t with th< m to limit and piovide the
amount, and with the Executive, observing the same con-
stitutional foims,to make ariangoments 101 employing it to
the best advantage."—State Papers, vol. I, p. 105.
Among the papers accompanying the report, is
a letter fiom Mr. Adams, while he was minister
at London, from which I take the following words:
"It may be reasonably concluded that this great affair
cannot be finished lor much less than £200,000.
In pursuance of these communications, the Sen-
ate proceeded to tender its advice to the President,
in the following; resolution:
l< Resolved, That the Seriate advise and consent that the
Picsidcritof the United States take such measures as lie
may think necc^ary foi the unh'mpuon of the citizens of
the United States now in cnptivirv at Alters : Pro ruled,
The expense shall not exceed ,-$10.000; andaiso that rncas-
uies be taken to confirm the treaty now existing between
the United States and the Empeioi of Morocco."—State
Papers, vol. 1, p. 128.
By a subsequent message, dated February 22,
1791, the President said:
" I will proceed lo take measures for the ransom of our
citizens m captivity at Algiers, in confonnity with your
resolution of advice of the 3 st instant, so soon as the moneys
necessary shall he appropriated by the legislature and shall
be m readiness."—JAM.
Still later, the same subject was presented by
the following inquiry proposed to the Senate by
President Washington, under date of May 8,1792:
" If the President of the United States should con-
clude a convention or treaty with the Government
of Algiers, for the ransom of the thirteen Ameri-
cans in captivity there, for a sum not exceeding
$40,000, all expenses included, will the Senate
approve the same? Or is there any, and what,
greater or lesser sum which they would fix as the
limit beyond which they would not approve the
ransom?" The Senate promptly replied by a
resolution declaring it would approve such treaty
of ransom. (State Papers, vol. 3,p. 136.) And
Congress, by the act of May 8, 1792, appropri-
ated a sum of $5U,000for this purpose. Commo-
dore Paul Jones was intrusted with the mission
to Algieis,chaigedwitli the double duty of making
peace with this Power and of securing the redemp-
tion of our citizens. In his letter of instructions,
dated June 1,1792, Mr. Jefferson expresses him-
self as follows:
" Tt has been a fixed punciple with Congress to establish
the iate of ia M>ii) of Amenean captives with the IJaibary
State*, at as low a point a* possible, that it may not be the
interest of tho^o States to go in quest ot our citizens in pref-
erence to those of other countries Had it not been for the
danae i it would have brought on the tesidue of our seamen,
by exciting the cupidity of these roveis against them, our .
citizens now in Algiei-, would have boon lontr ago ledeemcd
without regard topnee. Th<' mete inonev lor their paittc-
ular redemption neither ha  been noi is an object with any-
body here."—State Papers, vol. 1, p. 292.
In the same instructions, Mr. Jefferson says:
'■ As soon as the ransom completed, vou will be pleased
to have the capmes well clothed and sent home at the ex-
pense ot the United State<, with as much eeonomv as will
consist with their reasonable comfoit.'-—I but.
Commodore Paul Jones—called admiral in the
instructions—died withoutcntcring upon the per-
formance ot these duties, which were afterwards
undertaken by Colonel Humphreys, our minister
at Lisbon, who was honored especially with the
friendship ol Washington, as an accomplished
officer of his staff during the Revolution. But the
terms exacted by the Dey were such as to render
the mission unsuccessful.
Meanwhile other Americans were seized by the
Algerines, who ate described as "employed as
captive slaves on the most laborious woik, m a
distressed and naked situation." (State Papeis,
vol. 1, p. 413.) One of their numbei^ in a letter
to the President, dated at Algiers, November 5,
1793, says:
" Humanity towards tlie unfortunate American captives,
[ preMime, will induce your excellency to eo perate with
Congress to adopt >ome speedy and effectual plan in oider
to re>toie to liberty and finally extricate the Amenean cap-
tives from theii ptesent dimnesses.5"—Ibid.
At this time there were one hundred and nine-
teen American slaves in Alliens, who united m a
petition to Congress, dated December, 1793, in
which they say:
"Your petitioners arc at present captives in this citv of
bondage, employed daily in the most labouous work, with-
out any respect to persons. They pray that vou will take
tbeit uufoilunate situation into consideiation, and adopt
such measures as will restot e the American captives to their
country, their friends, families, and connections."—Ibid,
p. 421.
The country was now aroused. A general con-
tribution was proposed. People of all classes vied
in generous efforts. Newspapers entered with
increased activity into the work. At public cele-
brations the toasts " happiness for all," and " uni-
versal liberty," were proposed, partly in sympa-
thy with our wretched white fellow-countrymen
in bonds. On one occasion, at a patriotic celebra-
tion in New Hampshire, they were remembered
in the following toast: " Our brethren in slavery
at Algiers. May the measures adopted for their
redemption be successful, and may they live to
rejoice with their friends in the blessings of lib-
erty." The clergy too were enlisted. A fervid
appeal by the captives themselves was addressed
to the ministers of the Gospel throughout the
United States, asking them to set apart a special
Sunday for sermons in behalf of their enslaved
brethren. Literature, too, added her influence,
not only in essays, but in a work, which, though
now forgotten, was among the earliest of the lit-
erary productions of our country, reprinted in
London at a time when few American books were
known abroad. I refer to the story of The Al-
gerine Captive, which though published anony-
mously—like other similar works at a later day—
is known to have been written by Royall Tyler,
afterwards chief justice of Vermont. Slavery in
Algiers is here depicted in the sufferings of a sin-
gle captive—as slavery in the United States has
been since depicted in the sufferings of Uncle Tom;
but the influence of the early story was hardly
less strong against African slavery than against
white slavery. " Grant me," says the Algcrine
captive—who had been a surgeon on board a ship
in the African slave trade—from the depths of his
own sorrows, " once more to taste the freedom of
my native country, and every moment of my life
shall be dedicated to preaching against this detest-
able commerce, i will fly to our fellow-citizens
of the southern States; I wifl on my knees con-
jure them, in the name of humanity, to abolish a
traffic which causes it to bleed in every pore. If
they are deaf to the pleadings of nature, I will
conjure them, for the sake of consistency, to cease
to deprive their fellow-creatures of freedom, which
their writers, their orators, Representatives, Sen-
ators,and even their constitutions of government,
have declared to be the unalienable birthnght of
man," (cap. 32.) In such words was the cause
of emancipation pleaded at that eaily day.
Colonel Humphreys, from his distant mission
at Lisbon, while yet unable to reach Algiers,
joined in this appeal by a letter to the American
people, dated July 11, 1794. Taking advantage
of the general interest m lotteries, and particu-
larly of the custom, not then condemned, of re-
sorting to these as a mode of obtaining money for
literary or benevolent purposes, he suggested a
grand lottery, sanctioned by the United States, or
particular lotteries in the individual States, in
order to obtain the means requited for the ransom
of our countrymen. He then asks:
"Is there within the hmits oftheso United States an in-
dividual who will notcheerfullv contiibute in propoition to
Iih means to cariy it into effect? Bj the pccuhai blessings
offiecdom which \ou enjoy, b> the di-jinteiested Mietifices
you made for its attainment, bythe patnotic blood ot tlio-e
martyis of Jibeity who died to secure your independence,
and by all the tender ties of natuie, let me conjure you once
moie to snatch yout unfortunate countiymen fiom fetters,
dungeons, and death."
Meanwhile the Government was energetic
through all its agents, at home and abroad °nor
was any question raised with regard to its con-
stitutional powers. In the animated debate which
ensued in the House of Representatives, an honor-
able member said, "if bribery would not do, he
should certainly vote for equipping a fleet."
