1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
(Annals of Congress, Third Congress, p. 434.)
At Inst, by act of Congress of the 20th of March,
1794,$1,000,000 was appropriated for this purpose,
being the identical sum now proposed for a sim-
ilar purpose of redemption; but it was somewhat
masked under the language "to defray any ex-
penses which may be incurred in relation to the
intercourse between the United States and foreign
nations." (Statutes at Large, vol. 1, p. 345.) On
the same day, by another act, the President was
authorized 44 to borrow on the credit of the Uni-
ted States, if in his opinion the public service shall
require it, asum notcxcceding$l,000,000." The
object was distinctly avowed in the instructions
of Mr. Jefferson, dated the 58th of March, of the
same year, " forconcludinga treaty of peace and
liberating our citizens from captivity," and in
other instructions, dated the 19th of July, of the
same year, in which the wishes of the President
are thus conveyed:
" Ransom and peacc are to «ro hand in hand, if piaotica-
ble; but it'peace cannot be obtained, a random ia to bo ef-
fected without delay," r * * * "resiiict-
m?yourself, on the head of random, within the limit of
$3,0U0 per man."—State Paper*, vol. 15 p. 0.29.
The negotiation was at last consummated, and
the first tidings of its success were announced to
Congress by President Washington m his mes-
sage of 8th December, 1795, as follows:
"With peculiar satisfaction I add, that information has
been received from aa agent deputed oa our part to Algiers,
impoitmg that the terms of a tieatv with the Dey and Re-
gency of that couutiy had been adjusted in s-uch a manner
as to authorize the expectation of a speedy peace, and the
restoration of our uutoiiunute fellow-citizens fioin a griev-
ous captivity. "—State Papers, \ nl. I, p. 28.
The treaty for this purpose was signed at Al-
giers 5th September, 1795. It was a sacrifice of
pride, if not of honor, to the necessity of the oc-
casion. Among its stipulations was one even for
an annual tribute from the United States to the
barbarous Slave Power. But amidst all its un-
questionable humiliation, it was a treaty of eman- 1
cipation; nor did our people consider nicely the 1
terms on which such a good was secured. It is
recorded that a thrill of joy went through the land !
on the annunciation that a vessel had left Algiers
hetving on board the Americans who had been cap-
tives there. The largess of motley and even the i
indignity of tribute were forgotten in gratulations
on their new-found happiness. Washington in
his message to Congress of December 7, 1796,
thus solemnly dwelt on their emancipation:
" After many dehiy* and disappointments arising out of
the liuiopcan war, the final anancements for fulfilling the
engagements to the L)e\ and Regime} of Algieis will, in all
pie-ent appearance, be crowned* with puccu-^; but under
great, though inevitable, disadvantages in the pecuniary
tian^aetionj. occasioned by that wai,which will icndei a tur-
ther piovi-aon noeosaij. The attuul hhci ation of all our
citizens, who u ere itonfin at while it %rutifies every
feehns; heart, is itvlf an earnest of a sitiMuetoiy termina-
tion ot the whole negotiation.'''—State Papas,vol. 1, p.JO.
Other tieatics were made with Tripoli and with
Morocco, and more money was paid for the same
object, until at last, m 1801, the slaveholdmg pre-
tensions of Tripoli compelled a resort to arms. It
appears by a document preserved in the State Pa-
peisof our country, that from 1790—m the space
of five years—appropriations had been made for
the liberation of our people, constituting a sum
total of upwards of two millions of dollars. (State
Papers, vol. 2, p. 372.) To all who now question
the power of Congress or the policy of exercis-
ing it, f commend this account, in its various
items, given with all possible minuteness. If we
consider the population and the resouices of the
country at the time, as compared with our pres-
ent gigantic means, the amount will not be con-
sidered inconsiderable.
The pretensions of Tripoli aroused Colonel
Humphreys, the former companion of Washing- j
ton, who was now at home in rotir'nnent, In an |
address to the public, he called again for united j
action, saying: I
*' Amencuns of the United States, your fellow-citizens j
aie m fetter^ I Can tlteie be but one leehng: Whoie ai<i '
the gnllant iemain-.of the race who fought for Iroedom
\\ heie the clouou«5 hens of their patiioti-m? HV/ tkac \
never be a truce to political pan Lies ? Or must itforcvci be ■
the fate of the free States, that the soft voice of itnimi should ,
be tironned in the hoaise clamors of discord] No! Let j
ever\ friend of blessed humanity and haciedfierdom enter- I
tain a better hope and confidence,''—Mm elluncom Jl'orki ,
of Dai id Humphreys, p 75. j
Then commenced those early deeds by which '
our arms became known in Europe—the best i
achievement of Decatur, and the romantic expe- j
dition of Eaton. Three several times Tripoli was i
attacked; and yet, after successes sometimes men-
tioned with pride, our country consented by
solemn treaty to pay $60,000 for the freedom of
two hundred American slaves, and thus again by
money obtained emancipation. But Algiers was
governed by slavery as a ruling passion. Again
it seized our people; but even the contest in which
we were engaged with Great Britain could not
prevent an outbreak of indignant sympathy for
those who were in bonds. A naval force, which
was promptly dispatched to the Mediterranean,
secured the freedom of the American slaves with-
out ransom, and stipulated further that hereafter
no Americans should be made slaves, and that
" any Christians whatever, captives in Algiers,"
making their escape and taking refuge onboard
an American ship of war, should be safe from
all requisition or reclamation. Decatur, on this
occasion, showed character as well as courage.
The freedmen of his arms were welcomed on board
Ins ship with impatient tiiumph. Thus, not by
money, but by war was emancipation this time
secuied.
At a later day, Great Britain, weary of tribute
and ransom, directed her naval power against the
Barbary States. Tunis and Tripoli each prom-
ised abolition; but Algiers sullenly refused, until
compelled by irresistible foice. Before night on
the 27th August, 1816, the fleet fired, besides
shells and rockets, one hundred and eighteen tons
ofpowderand fifty thousand shot, weighing more
than five hundred tons. Amidst the crumbling
ruins of wall and citidal the cruel Slave Power
was humbled, and consented, by solemn stipula-
tion, to the surrender of all the slaves in Algiers,
and to the abolition of white slavery forever. This
great event was announced by the victorious ad-
miral in a dispatch to his Government, where he
uses words of gratulation worthy of the occasion:
u In all the vicissitudes ot' a long life of public service,
no cucuinstaneo has ever piodueed on my mind such im-
picssiou> <>i giatuude ah the event of ychtcrday. To have
been one of the humble in-trmnonts in the hands of Divine
Piovidenee. fot bringing to reason a feiocious Government
and deploying toiever the msulFeiable and hornd M-lem
ot Christian sluve.iv, can never cea^e to be a souicc of de-
light and heart!elt comtoit to eveiy individual happj enough
to be «ii)p]o}ed in it."—Osier's Life ot Lord Exmoulh,
p. 432.
And thus ended white slavery in the Barbary
States. A single brief effort of war put an instant
close to this wicked pretension. If, in looking
buck upon its histoiy, we find much to humble our
pnde—if wc are disposed to mourn that our Gov-
ernment stooped to ransom those who were justly
free without price, yet we cannot fail to gather in-
struction fiom this great precedent. Slavery is
the same in its essential character, wherever it ex-
ists, cxccpt, perhaps, that it has received some
new harshness here among us. There is no ar-
gument against its validity at Algiers which is
not equally strong against its validity at Wash-
ington. In both cases it is unjust force organ-
ized into law. But in Algieis, it is not known
that the law was unconstitutional, as it clearly is
heie m Washington. In the early case, slavery
was regarded by our fathers only as an existing
fact; and it is only as an existing fact that it
can be now regarded by us m the present case;
nor is there any power of Congress, which was
generously exerted for those distant captives,
which may not now be invoked for the captives
m our own streets.
Mr. President, if in this important discussion,
winch seems to open the door of the future, I
have confined myself to two simple inquiries, it is
because practically they exhaust the whole sub-
ject. If slavery he unconstitutional m the national
capital, and if it be a Christian duty, sustained by
constitutional examples, to ransom slaves, then
your swift desires cannot hesitate to adopt the
present bill. It is needless to enter upon other
questions, important peihaps, but irrelevant. It
is needless also to consider the bugbears which
Senators have introduced, for all must see that
they are bugbears.
If I have seemed to dwell on details, it is he-
cause they furnished at each stage instruction and :
suppoi t; if I have occupied time on a curious pas- :
sage of history, it is because it was more apt even ;
than curious, while it sometimes held the mirror
up to our own wickednesses, and sometimes even :
seemed to ciy out, " Thou art the man." Of1
course, I scum to argue the obvious truth that
the slaves here are as much entitled to freedom as i
the white slaves that enlisted the early energies
of our Government. They are men. by the grace
of God, and this is enough. There is no princi-
ple of the Constitution, and no rule of justice,
which is not as strong for one as for the other.
In consenting to the ransom proposed, you will
recognize their manhood, and, if authority be
needed, you will find it in the example of Wash-
ington, who did not hesitate to employ a golden
key to open the house ofbondage.
Let this bill pass, and the first practical triumph
of freedom, for which good men have longed, dying
without the sight—for which a whole generation
has petitioned, and for which orators and states-
men have pleaded—will at last be accomplished.
Slavery will be banished from the national capi-
tal. This metropolis, which bears a venerated
name, will be purified; its evil spirit will be cast
out; its shame will be removed; its society will
be refined; its courts will be made better; its re-
volting ordinances will be swept away; and even
its loyalty will be secured. If not moved by jus-
tice to the slave, then be willing to act for your
own good and in self-defense. If you hesitate to
pass this bill for the blacks, then pass it for the
whites. Nothing is clearer than that the degra-
dation of slavery affects the master as much as the
slave; while recent events testify, that wherever
slavery exists, there treason lurks, if it does not
flaunt. From the beginning of this rebellion, sla-
very has been constantly manifest in the conduct
of the masters, and even here in the national cap-
ital, it has been the traitorous power which has
encouraged and strengthened the enemy. This
power must be suppressed at every cost, and if
its suppression here endangers slavery elsewhere,
there will be a new motive for determined action.
Amidst all present solicitudes, the future can-
not be doubtful. At the national capital slavery
will give way to freedom; but the good work will
not stop here. It must proceed. What God and
nature decrce rebellion cannot arrest. And as
the whole wide-spread tyranny begins to tumble,
then, above the din of battle, sounding from the
sea and echoing along the land, above even the
exultations of victory on well-fought fields, will
ascend voices of gladness and benediction, swell-
ing from generous hearts wherever civilization
bears sway, to commemorate a sacred triumph,
whose trophies, instead of tattered banners, will
be ransomed slaves.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I propose to
say something on this subject, and I move that
it be postponed until one o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Of course I am disposed to
give every opportunity for debate upon this ques-
tion, but I desire now to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that this measure has been
greatly procrastinated, and that a single speech a
day where there are so many to speak, it seems
to mc is hardly reasonable, and that after to day
I shall press this measure upon the consideration
of the Senate, and ask its action by voting upon
the bill.
KISVOTjUTIONATvY PENSIONS.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider a bill that passed here during the
morning hour on Friday in a very thin Senate.
It is House hill No. 318.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from Kansas indicate the title of the bill?
Mr. PO.MEROY. It is entitled "A bill to pro-
hibit the allowance or payment of pensions to the
children of officers and soldiers of the Revolution.''
i1 I merely desire to have the motion to reconsider
'I entered to-day, and the question may be taken at
]J some future time.
ij The PRESlDENT;>ro tempore. The Chair is
jj informed that the bill has passed from the pres-
!' encc of the Senate and has gone to the House of
1 Representatives, and will require a motion that
ij the House be directed to return that biil to the
j! Senate.
!I Mr. POMEROY. It is a House bill, and could
! not have gone back to the House of Represent-
| atives, for wc made no amendment to it. If, how-
ever, the bill has really gone back, I will make a
motion that the House be requested to return it to
the Senate, and then 1 shall desire to have a motion
to reconsidei entered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion of
the Senator from Kansas to request the return of
