1862.
TAB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8371
(No. 98) to repeal and modify certain portions of
an act mentioned therein, with an amendment; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following- enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of James
N. Muller, supervising inspector of steamboats
for the third supervising district;
A bill (H. R. No.527) to secure one month's
pay and pension to Margaret Bailey, widow of
George B. Bailey, lieutenant colonel in the ninth
regiment of Virginia volunteers;*
A bill (H. R. No.5Gl) in relation to commis-
sioned officers of the United States revenue cutter
service;
A bill (H. R. No. 572) making supplemental
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government, for the year ending June 30, 1863,
and for the year ending June 30, 1862;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 102) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Captain A. H. Foote,
United States Navy; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) to grant
pensions to masters and other officers upon the
gunboats in the service of the United States.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed
the following acts and joint resolutions:
An act (H. R. No. 423) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1863, and for other purposes;
An^act (H. R. No. 553) to establish additional
post routes;
An act (H. R. No. 550) to further provide for
the collection of the revenue upon the northern,
northwestern, and northeastern frontiers, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 525) in relation to the elec-
tion of Representatives to Congress in single dis-
tricts;
An act (H. R. No. 84) for the relief of preemp-
tors on the Home reservation ofthe Winnebagoes,
in Blue-earth region, in the State of Minnesota;
An act (H. R. No. 437) to extend the territorial
limits of the Territory of Nevada;
An act (H. R. No. 438) to grant pensions;
An act (H. R. No. 531) increasing temporalily
the duties on imports, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) to declare
the meaning of an act to authorize the President
of the United States in certain cases to take pos-
session of railroad and telegraph lines, and for
other purposes, approved January 31, 1862, and
to repeal a part of said act.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 10th of June, information in relation
to claims made by citizens of the United States
upon the War Department for damages to or de-
struction of property by the Federal Army; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 81) authorizing the Secretary
ofthe Interior to expend from a fund in the United
States Treasury, belonging to the Winnebago In-
dians, the sum of $50,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, for the benefit of said Indians,
have had the same under consideration, and have
instiucted me to report it back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass. I ask that it be put on
its passage now.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The jointresolution was reported to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know some-
thing about that appropi lation of $50,000.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state all about it in
a very few words. The Winnebago Indians have
in the Treasury $l,100,000of their money, which
has been there some years. They have a large
tract of land, and under a treaty made two years
ago, it was provided that one half of the land
should be sold, and the Indians should be re-
moved to the other half of the land. They have
been removed, but there are no improvements
there, and the Indians in council have begged that
a portion of their regular funds shall be applied
for some important improvements for them, the
Secretary of the Interior not thinking it wise to
sell the land at this time, when there is no sale
for it. It has passed the House of Representa-
tives, and been referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. It appropriates nothing out of the
Treasury; the money belongs to the Indians; itis
their fund.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has it received the sanc-
tion of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
Senate ?
Mr. WILKINSON. It is reported from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and has received
the sanction of that committee.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
POLICE CONTINGENT FUND.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia from the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 108)
requiring the superintendent of the metropolitan
police to pay over certain moneys collected for
fines and penalties, to constitute a contingent fund
for certain purposes.
The motion was agreed to
Mr. GRIMES. 1 now move that the Senate
take up that resolution for consideration
The motion was agreed to
The PRESIDENTprofem/Jore. The joint res-
olution is not here.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be laid aside informally
until we can get the engrossed copy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore That course
will be pursued.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom were refeired the bill (S. No. 189) author-
izing the President of the United States to accept
certain officers to serve in the Army of the United
States without pay, and the bill (S. No. 156) for
the better organization of the artillery of the Army
of the United States, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 82) establishing a professorship of the Ger-
man language in West Point Academy, reported
it back, and moved its postponement to the first
Monday in December next; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL from the Committee on the
Judiciary,to whom was referred resolutions ofthe
Legislature of Maine, approving the administra-
tion of the President of the United States in the
conduct of the war; and resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Ohio, expressive of their views as to the
treatment of the leading rebels, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred various memorials
and petitions m regard to the tariff and tax bills,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the views of Mr.
Kennedy and himself, as the minorit^of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, in relation to
the condition and management of the Washing-
ton jail; which were received, and ordered to be
printed.
VOLUNTEER FORCE FOR KENTUCKY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 337) to authorize !|
the raising of a volunteer force for the better de-1
fense of Kentucky, have instructed me to report'
it, and to ask to be discharged from it. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky desired me to make the re-
port, and he can take such action as he sees fit.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to dispense with all other
business, and that we take up that bill.
The motion svas agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. If proposes to empower the military board
for Kentucky to raise and organize into regiments :
a volunteer force not exceeding twenty thousand, 1
rank and file, to serve for the term of twelve
months, to be employed within the limits of Ken-
tucky in repelling invasion, suppressing insurrec-
tion, and guarding and protecting the public prop-
erty; but at any time that it may be necessary,
these troops may be employed out of the limits
ot Kentucky against the enemies of the State or
of the United States. The regimental and com-
pany officers arc to ho appointed and commis-
sioned by the State of Kentucky in such mode and
manner as the military board may prescribe; but
the officers of the regiment are to be entitled to
pay only when the regiments or companies are
filled, as now required bylaw. The regiments,
when raised and officered, are to be mustered into
the service of the United States, and be subject to
the command of the officer of the United States
having power and jurisdiction over the whole or
any part of Kentucky. The regiments may be
formed into brigades at the discretion of the offi-
cer in command of the department, and the brig-
adiers to command may be designated from time
to time by the War Department, or the general
in command of the department. The officers and
soldiers thus enrolled and mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States are to be subject to the
rules and articles of war, and to be placed on the
same footing with other volunteers of the United
States as to pay, subsistence, clothing, and other
emoluments, for and during the time they may be
in service. A portion of this volunteer corps may,
when necessary in the opinion of the general in
command of the department, be mounted and
armed as mounted riflemen.
The Committee on Military Affairs report as
a new section, the following amendment:
Jlnd be it Jurthcr enactcd, That by and with the advice
and coiimmh of the commanding gom r;i] ofthe department
of which lOntuekv may he a part, the volunteeis author-
ized to be lahod by tins art, ot any portion of them, may
attach thmw Iws to, and bccomc p.ut of the body of the
thicc yeais Kentucky volunteris, according to sucii tule.s
and lrgulation-. a^ riie said commanding general may pie-
hcribe.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the amend-
ment; my only purpose is to have a body of men
for the defense of the State as efficient as possi-
ble, and upon the most approved piinciplcs. If
there is anything in which the bill is defective, 1
would not only be willing to amend it, but very
much obliged to Senators for suggesting the de-
fect and the remedy for it. Before this bill was
passed by the House of Representatives, it was
foreseen by the delegation from Kentucky what
would be the condition of things along through
the spring and the summer, both in Kentucky and
Tennessee. We knew that in all probability the
great body of the forces in that State in the ser-
vice ofthe United States would be moved across
the State for the subjugation of the rebels in Ten-
nessee and north Alabama,and northeastern Mis-
sissippi, and that the consequences of these move-
ments would be to leave our State comparatively
defenseless. We knew that there was a syste-
matic organization of the secession party all over
the State; that they had secret military organi-
zations and sucrefrnmgazinesof arms, of powder,
and of other munitions, and were only waiting
favorable opportunities for the put pose of making
an uprising. Events have demonstrated thatth.it
view of things was correct. In that State now,
and in the State of Tennessee, there are guerrilla
bands of secessionists who are making their dep-
redations pretty much over both of the States,
and there are other organizations over each ofthe
States that have come to a head,and aie ready to
break out upon those States neaily as thickly as
the small-pox breaks out on the natural man when
he takes the infection.
It will be seen from the provisions of the bill
that these troops arc to be raised for twelve months.
They arc to be raised especially for the defense of
the State of Kentucky, but the President of the
United States has the full discretion to order them
at his will and pleasure anywhere; and I assure
the Senate that any body of men organized under
this bill, if it shall become a law, will move with
as much promptitude and as much pleasure to
any field of seivice to which they may be called
as the three years forces.
I have no idea that we can raise twenty thou-
sand volunteers in that State in addition to wh.it
we have raised, the number of forces in that Stale
that have attached themselves to the Army being
already upwards of thirty thousand; but if this
