1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2411
A sale is simply a statutory proceeding, and may
be required or dispensed with as the Legislature
may see lit to determine, A sale for the non-pay-
ment of taxes bears no analogy to what is meant
in the Constitution by due proces&.of law, which
is a proceeding according to the course of the
common law and the judgment of a court. There
is nothing of a judicial proceeding about the levy-
ing and collection of a tax. There is no analogy
in it. No part of it is a judicial proceeding. If
it were, the unpaid tax could only be collected
through the ordinary process of a district or cir-
cuit court. But it never was supposed that the
intervention of a court was necessary for the col-
lection arid enforcement of a tax. It is therefore
no judicial proceeding. It is a mere statutory
proceeding authorized by the Constitution, which
gives Congress power to levy and collect taxes,
and to fix the mode and manner of their levying
and collection.
Now, although the provisions of this bill are,
as a general thing, drawn with great care, I think
it would have been wiser to simplify the machin-
ery, and to declare that, if the tax shall not be paid
within a certain time, the property shall be for-
feited to, and vested in, the Government of the
United States. It would save the property from
being sacrificed, and would leave to the Govern-
ment authority to dispose of it as it might see lit,
keeping it out of the hands of speculators.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, Mr. Chairman, that
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
will not prevail. I see no difficulty, from the way
this bill is drawn, in perfecting the titles to lands
sold for taxes. I know that in some States, as in
this District, a tax tide is looked upon as of no
great avail, becausc the purchaser is obliged to
prove the regularity of every step in assessing the
tax, in the description of the property, in the ad-
vertisement of it, and in everything connected
with it. In Pennsylvania, however, a different
rule prevails. After the sale is made by the com-
missioners, and the time for redemption has ex-
pired, the deed given by the commissioners is
conclusive evidence of the regularity of the pro-
ceedings, and carries with it whatever title to the
property the owner had. It carries the whole title
to the land, because the tax is an assessment on
the thing itself.
Now, this bill has provided against.the incon-
veniences that exist* in those States to which I
have referred. It provides that after the assess-
ment is made in the way pointed out, after the sale
has taken place, and after the expiration of the
time allowed for redemption, the certificate of sale
given by the commissioners shall be evidence of
the regularity of all previous proceedings, and no
advantage whatever shall be taken of the absence
of a particular advertisement in a particular way;
that the thing itself shall be prima facie evidence.
I think the bill steers clear of all difficulties of that
kind. Besides, it was thought right, that in the
sale of these lands, which of course will take
place only where the owners are absent in the
rebellion, you should proceed against them in no
more rigid manner than you do against the people
in the loyal States who refuse or neglect to pay
their taxes. In the general tax law laying these
direct taxes, the provisions made for the sale of
property fur unpaid taxes are precisely the same
as the provisions made for the sale of the property
of rebels under similar circumstances. The only
necessity for this law was, that in no other mode
could you get at the allotment of the particular
taxes to the particular parcels of property wlrcre
you couldnotgo in and appoint the assessors within
disloyal districts.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to inquireofmy col-
league whether the language of the bill isnotsuch
as would allow the land-owner, on whom the tax
is assessed, to contest the regularity of the pro-
ceedings? The language of the bill is, that the
certificate shall be prima facie evidence of the reg-
ularity of the proceedings. Then, of course, the
land-owner might prove that these proceedings
are irregular. I suggest, therefore,thatthe words
"primafacie" ought not to be in the bill, according
to the very idea thrown out by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. I myself
would prefer that it should be conclusive evidence
rather than prima facie,
Mr. STEVENS. That might do if it were not
that in some cases it might operate harshly, For
instance: in Pennsylvania, if there be a gale of
property for taxes, and if the owner of the land
can prove that there was no tax due, or that he
had paid it before the sale took place, then the
purchaser acquires no title. I think it but right
that it should be so here. It puts upon the owner,
however, the burden of proving all this, of prov-
ing irregularities, of proving every fact necessary
to void the title. I should have no objection to
say that it shall be conclusive evidence of every-
thing except the fact of the payment of the taxes.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not see my colleague's
answer to the point I make. The very trouble
that he speaks of as formerly existing in Penn-
sylvania, exists, I think, under the phraseology
of this bill. The certificate of these commission-
ers is made only prima facie evidence of the regu-
larity of the proceedings. That is, on exhibition
of the certificate, the proceedings shall be assumed
in the first instance to be regular, and to vest the
title. But yet the former owner may go back of
this certificate and showthattheproceedings have
been irregular, and may, in that way, subvert the
title which was supposed to be vested in the pur-
chaser. In the case referred to by my colleague
—that of a prior payment—I would suggest that
the language of the section be changed m that par-
ticular. In place of prima facie evidence, it should
be conclusivc evidence, of the regularity of the
proceedings, with the exception of the case re-
ferred to, where the former owner can prove that
the tax is actually paid.
Mr. STEVENS. If my colleague will move
an amendment of that kind, I see no objection to it.
Mr. IIICKMAN. Unless that is done, the very
difficulty that my colleague supposes is guarded
against will arise. The owner will go hack and
show the irregularity of the proceedings, and
then, as the gen tleman from New York [Mr.Olin]
suggests, it will be almost impossible to show that
the proceedings were regular, particularly after
a lapse of time. I therefore move to amend by
striking out the words " prima facie," bl\\CL insert-
ing in lieu thereof the word "conclusive."
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. It seems to me that this is a
very good bill, that it was a very good bill ns it
came from the Senate, and I think the Committee
of Ways and Means have improved it by the
amendments which they have reported. I am in
favor of its passage, but I am opposed to the
amendment suggested by the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania for the reason, among others, that
this bill is to affect or is to operate upon a veiy
large class of property, upon the property of per-
sons occupying almost every possible position in
society in the section of country to which it is to
apply.
Now, the commissioners, who are to be ap-
pointed by the President, without even the con-
sent of the Senate, may go down into these dis-
tricts, and if the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is to prevail, no matter under
what cncumstances of fraud, as I understand it,
no matter under what circumstances of neglect,
or what mistakes they may make in executing
the duties of their office, their acts are to be valid,
and their certificate is to be conclusive upon any
party who may see fit to contest the validity of
their acts.
It seems to me that would be a very unwise
provision for us to make,and I hope the committee
will not adopt it. I think the bill as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means is precisely
as it should be. It throws upon the party seek-
ing to void the title given by the commissioners
the burdenof impeaching the regularity of the pro-
ceedings; of showing that the law has not been
complied with, or that the tax had been paid, or
that it wasnotvahd. I think that is precisely as it
should be, that it gives to the purchaser as much
security as to the validity of his title as may be
consistent with justice to the other parties in in-
terest. I hope, therefore, the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will not be agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. Befoie the gentleman from
Missoui J proceeds with his remarks, I wish simply
to suggest that I did not perfcct my amendment.
If this amendment shall be adopted, I will then
move farther to amend by inserting in the forty-
second line a proviso to the effect that the person
from whom the laud was sold may, by establish-
ing the fact of prior payment, receivc again the
title to his property.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from New York,
as well as to that suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. As a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, I have endeavored to have this
legislation conform as nearly as possible to the
legislation which exists in all the States of this.
Union where taxes are assessed and imposed upon
land. In the States we make the tax a lien upon
lands. Wc provide that in default of payment at a
time specified for the payment of the taxes the
penalty shall be enforced. We provide that in the
event of the non-payment of the taxes the lands
shall be advertised and sold to the highest bidder,
or to that person who may bid the amount of the
taxes and penalties which shallhavebeen assessed
upon the land. We then provide, in all the States
in the Union, that when a sale shall have taken
place, the certificate of such sale shall be prima
facie evidence of the regularity of the proceedings
under which the sale has taken place.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes to
make the certificate of sale conclusive as to the
title. Now, sir, one part of these proceedings is
that the property shall be advertised, and the
amount of the tax and penalty stated. Suppose
the commissioners should refuse or neglect to ad-
vertise or to give the parties concerned the notice
which is required under the law, in consequencc
of which the sale takes place without the knowl-
edge upon the part of the owner or his agent that
the property was to be sold at all, they will have,
therefore, no opportunity of appearing before the
day of the sale and redeeming the land. Are you
willing that in case of the fault or neglect of the
commissioners to discharge their duty and com-
ply with the law, the title shall be conclusive in
favor of the purchaser and the other party left
remediless.
If there bo irregularity in the proceedings under
which the sale takes place, the bill already pro-
vides that the party seeking to invalidate the title
shall establish that fact. It is incumbent on him
to appear before the commissioners or before the
court ofjustice in which these questions must ul-
timately be decided, and establish the fact that the
proceedings are irregular or no tin compliance with
the law. If he fails in establishing that proof, the
title will then be conclusive in the purchaser.
I think the bill as it was reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is right. It follows
the course of policy which is adopted in, perhaps,
all the States of the Union. 1 will remark that,
as a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I gave to the bill much consideration, and
gave it my assent, with the amendments which
have been reported. It is, perhaps, not as per-
fect as it can be made, but we have endeavored to
make it, at least, more perfect than when it came
to us from the Senate. At any rate, we have oblit-
erated some of the objections which exist to the
Senate bill. And I expect to give it my support.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I wish to ask my
colleague,the chairman of the CommitteeofWays
and Means, for I have not examined the bill with
any great care, whether there is any provision
requiring: these commissioners to give security?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. To what ex-
tent-5
Mr. STEVENS. Fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. If that were not
thu fact, m case of an improper sale, the owner of
the property would be without remedy.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Hickman
was disagreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the section
by striking out, in the thirty-ninth line, the words
" sixty days,55 and inserting, instead thei eof, the
words " six months;" so as to give six months
in which to appear before the commissioners and
redeem the property. I should be glad to sub-
mit an amendment in connection with that, but I
have not framed it, providing thatthe money may
be paid either to the commissioners or into the
Treasury of the United States, as it might happen
that the commissioners would not be on duty.
But in relation to the amendment which I now
submit, I desire to remark that, in my judgment,
sixty days is not a sufficient time (o give to loyal
persons to redeem their propeity.
