1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
right—and we will not debate about that—he will
not object to my adding at the end of the bill this
clause:
Nor shall thisact besoconstiued as to require any witness
to testify to any Met which shall tend to cumulate linn.
That can do no harm, and wiil settle this whole
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent to the
amendment for two or three reasons. In the first
place, it is important that this bill should be passed
at once, and I do not wish to send it baclc to the
House of Representatives with any amendment;
and, in the second place, I do not see the neces-
sity of rcenactmg the law over again, or holding
it out to a witness that he may refuse to testify.
I do not believe in encouraging a witness to re-
fuse to testify, on the giound that his testimony
will criminate himself, as the Senator from New
York says; and he puts it on the ground that the
witness is to decide, that no person can be com-
pelled to give testimony where he thinks his test-
imony will tend to criminate him. If that is the
law, any unwilling witness may always shelter
himself under this pretense. I do not understand
it to-be the law, however; I do not think that the
witness is to judge for himself. I do not believe
the wilness can screen himself from testifying .
becausc he says, " X think it may tend to elim-
inate me." In my opinion, the court is to pass
upon that question when the witness makes the
objection; but that is a point which I do not care
to go into now. I trust the bill will be passed as
it came from the House of Representatives.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, in a part of his ai-
gument, sustains my amendment; at least that is
the inference 1 draw from it. I am not going to
enter into the question of what is the extent of
the exemption of a witness at common law. All
will admit that if the question put to him tends to
criminate him or render him liable to prosecution,
he is exempt from answering at common law.
There have been various opinions, however, as
to whether he is also exempt where the answer
would merely tend to disgiace or degrade him.
Gentlemen may differ about that, but it is a judi-
cial question, and would be ultimately properly
decided. The committees, if it should arise be-
fore them, could judge whether the question was
proper at common law to be asked. Why alter
the common law, (which this bill will do,) if it is
an exemption; and why insert a provision which
will be perfectly nugatory if it is not an exemp-
tion? That is the effect of the paitof the bill
which I have moved to strike out.
I prefer my amendment to that of the honora-
ble Senator from New York, bccause I think it
leaves the law of evidence, as regards the exemp-
tion of a witness in answering questions, as the
subject of judicial decision accoiding to the ap-
proved rules of evidence. Though courts have
differed about this point, we should ultimately
have come, in the United States, to a final judicial
decision as to what questions a witness was ex-
empt from answering. The committee before
whom he was sworn would always have in the
first instance the right to decide judicially whether
the witness could refuse to answer at common
law. Of course, a witness should have no more
exemption b'-fore a committee than befoie a court
of justice. Jf this exemption exists at common
law, I am not disposed to give to a committee of
either House a ri^htof inter) ogation to a witness
which, if he were examined in a court of justice,
lie would not be obliged to answer to. Yet the bill
as it stands would do that; and that is my objection
to it. No mattei what may be the common law,
this bill will prevent a witness fiom setting up his
exemption, «'\-en though it be a universally recog-
mzed'right m courts oi'justice. If it besoumvei-
sully lecogmzeJ, I am not disposed to alter it. If
it be not so universally recognized, it is a judicial
question, and let the committee decide whether
the witness is to answer a particular question or
not. In thai way the point may be ultimately car-
ried to the courts of justice where it can be de-
cided according to what the law is on the rules ot
evidence; and I believe the less those rules are
altered in the general by legislative action, the
better for>the sulety of mankind.
I submit that the provision is uugatoiy and use-
less if the exemption exists at common law; but
if it means to take away an exemption thatuocs
exist at common law, I am opposed to giving to
a committee of either House of Congress a right
of examination beyond that which the witness
would be subjected to if he were examined in a
court of justice in ordinary cases.
Mr, SUMNER. Mr. President, there has been
much inquiry as to what is the common law bear-
ing on this question, and various points have been
made.
It has been asked, for instance, whether a per-
son is obliged to answer where his answer will
render him infamous. On that point I have no
doubt. I believe that under the common law he
is obliged to answer in such a case.
Again: it has been asked whether a witness is
permitted to determine for himself whether to an-
swer the questioi>proposed. There, again, I cannot
doubt that the common law, when properly inter-
preted, is clear. The witness cannot be the judge.
He must submit on this point to the decision of
the court.
Rut then, Mr. President, why speak on this
occasion of the common law? Why go into these
details when we have the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, winch has specifically dealt with this
very proposition ? In the fifth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution it is provided that " no
person shall be compelled in any criminal case to
be a witness against himself." There is the spe-
cific provision in the Constitution deiivod, I ad-
mit, to a certain extent, from the common law,
hut giving precision to the common law. Now,
it seems to me it will be enough if, on this occa-
sion, we follow the text of the Constitution. If
we bring our legislation to that text as to a touch-
stone, and if we find there is nothing inconsistent
with the Constitution in what is proposed to be
adopted, \vc need not ramble through the wide de-
mesnes of the common law in order to see whether
there are not some new points or difficulties which
may be found. Whatever may be the rulcat com-
mon law, it is clear that under the Constitution its
operation is restricted to a criminal ease "
I am free to say, sir—and what I am about to
rematk now is particularly in answer to whnt fell
fiom the able Senator from New York [Mr. Har-
ris]—that if this question were presented inde-
pendent of the Constitution of the United States
I should not be disposed to follow the common
law at all. I think the common law is mistaken
on that topic. To my mind, the jurisprudence of
othci civilized countries, derived from the Roman
law, on this question is preferable to the juris-
prudence of the common law. There is no other
jurisprudence under which a witness is not ex-
pected to answer any question that is put to him,
no matter whether it may impeach his character or
his honor, or even may render him criminal. The
common law cajly in us history, under a generous
inspiration, it is true, adopted a contrary princi-
ple. This principle passed to our country with
our forefathers, and it has been embodied with a
certain limitation in the text of the Constitution.
Finding it in that text I accept it; certainly I do
not quarrel with it; but I cannot consent that it
shall receive any expansion, especially when such
expansion may interfere with the public interests.
I hope the bill may pass, as it comes fiom the
House, without amendment, iris a good bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Delaware.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will not
prevail. I do not see why it is that we here are
so tender-footed as to rogues. I do not care what
the old common law was. Combinations are
formed heie by great numbers of men to defiaud
the Government, and no light can be had while
any of them can say " I cannot testify in this case
without criminating myself, or tending to disgrace
myself." That rule might do well enough perhaps
in its application to well-defined crimes at com-
mon law, such as larceny, manslaughter, or any
of that class of offenses that generally involve nut
more than one or two persons, but the delinquen-
cies into which our committees inquire frequently
involve vast masses of men, all combined and keep-
ing each other's seciets for the purpose of defraud-
ing the Government. The principles of the com-
mon law are altogether too narrow to afford us an
ooportunity to attain justice m such cases.
Nov/, sir, why should a man who has deliber-
ately disgraced himself, by an attempt to defiaud
vour Government, be permitted to exculpate him-
self from the responsibility he has incurred ? I
did not suppose there could be any doubt as to
how such a question would be decided here.. I
have not dared to enter upon certain investiga-
tions before a committee of which I am a iViember,
for the reason that the law as it now stands ex-
culpates great rasc,als from the responsibility they
owe to the Government, and gives entire immu-
nity to any man touching any matter that you
see fit to inquire of him about. I wonder how
such a law was ever passed. I never should have
believed that such a law was on your statute-book
if it had not been suggested to me and I had not
found it. I was astonished to find a law in exist-
ence providing that if you inquired of any witness
m regard to any delinquency that had arisen, he
should be exculpated from that moment from the
consequences of his crime. I hope no member of
the Senate will for one instant sanction any such
law.
As to the other point which is made, the old
common-law rule was as vague and indefinite as
it could be; and I find now that the distinguished
and accomplished lawyer from Massachusetts
[Mr, Sumner] has stated it different from the un-
derstanding of it in my State. With us the wit-
ness is given such latitude that it depends entirely
on himself whether he will testify or not. I know
that Chief Justice Marshall, in the Burr case, said
that the witness was to state what the fact was,
and the court was to judge whether'it would crim-
inate him. Othej" decisions of the same kind have
been made; but those decisions have been repu-
diated, 1 believe, in the State of New York, cer-
tainly in the State of Ohio; and I think the prac-
tice of our courts now is almost universal that the
witness has an unlimited discretion to testify or
not, just as he is willing to say on oath that his
answer wiil tend to criminate him, or would lead
to an inquiry that would criminate him. I know
that the rule has this extent in Ohio, and it is
there regarded as the common-law rule. It is not
created by any statute; it is the interpretation that
the courts themselves put upon it by an examin-
ation of the common-law authorities.
I am entirely unwilling that this rule shall be
extended to investigations before Congress. 1
think it is impolitic. Like the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, I have never been able to see the wis-
dom oi the justice of such a rule existing even at
the common-law, and I believe the civil-law rule
was infinitely better. Still I say if the rule was
well enough to stand ot the common law, if. is not
broad enough for the great issues involved in in-
vestigations before your committees affecting: mil-
lions'of property and hundreds of men combined.
It is better that the rule be reversed, that you may
inquire of the party all he knows, and give him
immunity against making what he says evidence
against him in a court of justice. That is far
enough to go. I would make the rule this: you
may inquire; he may testify and may be com-
pelled to testify, but whatever he says shall not
be used as evidence against him in any court.
That is all that a rascal ought to have at the
hands of justicc, and even more than he ought
to have.
Mr. President, I have not heard all of this ar-
gument; but as I came into the Chamber I heard
some gentleman saying that the exemption which
this bill aifords will not avail the delinquent, be-
cause if his testimony is given, though it cannot
be used directly against him, it may lead to other
testimony that may throw light on the subject,
wheieby m the concatenation of events he may be
convicted of crime. Well, sir, I hope it will be
so; but then let me remind Senators that under
the old common-law rule nobody has any doubt
of the criminality of a man who is reduced to the
despeiate noees&ity of availing himself of its ex-
emption. When a man is charged with larceny,
and another is called as a witness, and he gets up
befoie the court and says: 441 cannot testify in
this case without criminating myself," does it
lea\e anv doubt on the uimd of court, jury, or
bystander that the man is just as guilty as the
person who is indicted?
Rut, sir, I will not prolong the argument. I
[I undeistand it has been exhausted, and I have no
;! fear that so absurd a rule will be maintained by
[j the Senate, i hope that all amendments to the
r| bill wilt be rejected,and that the bill will be passed
as it is. It accomplishes all that 1 intended to ac-
|| complish by the bill that I introduced a day or
!j two ?uncc. It has already passed the House of
