1862..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
protection of the common law under the general
principle of evidence is given. I believe it falls
within the intent and spirit of the Federal Consti-
tution. Sir, I think this is an innovation which
ought not to be made; and I can conceive, as the
first part of the bill stands, that a construction
might be given to it by committees of the House
that would compel a party to answer questions
tending to criminate himself. I am not disposed
to make such an alteration in the law.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Curiile,ColIamer, Cowan,
Davis, Doohttle, Harris, Howard, Kennedy, Latham, Mc-
Dougall, Ncsmith, Pearce, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice, Sauls-
bury, and Thomson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, "Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Ilalc, Harlan,
Howp, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—191.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. ^
PROPOSED EXPULSION OP MR. BRIGHT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
followingresolution submitted by Mr. Wilkinson
on the 16th of December last, and which had been
reported upon adversely by the Committee on the
Judiciary:
Whereas TTon. Jpsse D. Bright heretofore, on the 1st
day of March, 1861, wrote a letter, of wluch the following
is a copy:
Washington, March 1,1861.
My Rpar Str.: Allow me to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my friend Thomas B. Lincoln, of Texas. He visits
your capital mainly to dispose of what he regards a gieat
improvement in fire-arms. 1 recommend him to your favor-
able consideration as a gentleman of the first respectability,
and reliable in every respect.
Very tiuly, yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Conjcderatioii of States.
And whereas we believe the said letter is evidence of
disloyalty to the United States, and is calculated to give aid
and comfoit to the public enemies : Therel'ote,
Be itresolvcd, Thatthe said Jesse D. Bright is expelled
from his seat in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. DAYIS. Mr. President, I feel it incum-
bent on me to occupy the attention of the Senate
for a short period of time, upon the interesting
question which is now before it for consideration
and judgment. In saying what I intend to say,
it is my purpose not to violate the decorum of the
Senate, nor in any degree the respectful bearing
which 1 should myself preserve towards a mem-
ber of this body; and 1 assure the Senator from
Indiana that it is not my purpose, willfully atleast,
to wound any sensibility he may have. At the
same time, 1 feci it my duty on this important
question, which I shall endeavor amply to dis-
charge, to speak my opinions and my convictions
plainly and frankly. In doing so, it may be ne-
cessary to make a lew general remarks in relation
tu Our Government, and in relation to the Consti-
tution which established that Government.
It is conceded on all hands that the Govern-
ment of the United States is one of limited powers,
that it possesses no power except what is specif-
ically and literally conferred, or some incidental
power necessary and proper to carry an express
power into effect, and to give it a proper execu-
tion. Our system of government in the United
States is very complex. It is somewhat analo-
gous to the solar system. We have a General
Government, a Government of the United .States,
whose proper office and duties are to regulate our
relations with foreign nations, and with the sev-
eral States of the Union. So far as there are pow-
ers conferred by the Constitution upon the Federal
Government, and so far as it may become neces-
sary, that the Federal Government from time to
time, according to the altered condition and cir-
cumstances of the country, should claim incidental
powers that are proper and necessary to carry
any express power conferred upon it into effect,
the Federal Government is^supreme. It is not a
mere compact or league; it is asocial system. It
is, in other words, a perfect Government, with all
the authority that any Government can possess
within the scope of its legitimate powers. It does
not require any argument to establish that posi-
tion. It is established by the woids of the Con-
stitution itself. I will read, sir, from the second
clause of the sixth article:
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the
United States, shall be the supieme law of the land ; and
the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, anything
in the constitution or laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding."
The immediately succeeding clause reads in
these words:
"The Senators and Representatives before mentioned,
and the members of the several State Legislatures, and all
executive and judicial officers, both of the United States
and of the several States, shall be bound by oath or affirma-
tion to support this Constitution; but no religious test,'7 &c.
Now, sir, what is the general principle in rela-
tion to our Government that is established here ?
It is this: that within the scope of the powers of
the General Government, express or implied, its
power is supreme; and that any resistance by
individuals, or by State authority, to the laws of
Congress, passed in pursuance of the Constitu-
tion, is unauthorized, and is, in fact, if it be con-
tinued by an organization of an armed military
force, an act of rebellion.
There is another provision of the Constitution
which clothes the President of the United States
with the chief executive power of the Govern-
ment. It is his duty to sec that the laws are
faithfully executed; and whenever he fails to per-
form that duty he becomes derelict in his duty,
and is himself in violation of the Constitution of
the United States. That is a high duty. It is
the life-giving principle of the Government; it is
the circulation of its vital fluid, without which it
could not have vitality at all. To enable the
President of the United States to execute that
important duty, the Constitution itself provides
the necessary machinery and force. It makes
him the Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the
United States; and when the execution of the laws
is resisted by combinations too powerful for the
ordinary officers who arc appointed to cxccute the
law, to perform that duty, the Constitution, and
the laws passed in pursuance of it, have clothed
the President with the amplest powers to execute
that great and essential duty in carrying on the
Government and in perpetuating its existence.
Mr. President, during the last year or fifteen
months, the United States has been passing
through a new phase in its existence. The laws
of the United States have been resisted in their
execution. They have been resisted by State au-
thority, and by a combination of States in the
attempt to establish a separate confederativc gov-
ernment. I hold that this conduct, on the part of
the seceding States, individually and collectively
in their confederative government, is just as un-
authorized and as much an act of rebellion against
the just authority of the Government of the Uni-
ted States as though the whole proceeding had
been inaugurated by individuals without the sanc-
tion of State governments and of State authority.
I shall not attempt to elaborate that proposition.
I have no doubt gentlemen have made up their
minds definitely in relation to it, for and against;
and I have not the time to endeavor to enforce it,
if I had the power to do it. But, sir, it is enforced
in the Federalist, by that great intellect, Alexan-
der Hamilton. It is enforced in the luminous con-
stitutional opinions rendered in the Supreme Court
by Chief Justice Marshall and Justice Story, and
their illustrious associates. It is enforced by the
unequaled power of argument of the great de-
fender of the Constitution himself—Daniel Web-
ster. It is enforced in the living, breathing, im-
mortal senatorial eloquence of the great statesman
of Kentucky, in arguments thatcannot be resisted
by anything likehuman reason, in my judgment.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from In-
diana is arraigned here because he is disloyal and
faithless to this Government,andupon that ground
it is proposed to expel him from this body. If
that proposition can be madegood against him, it
seems to me there is no gentleman in this Cham-
ber who could withhold his assent to the proposi-
tion that he ought to be expelled from the body.
Let me endeavor to illustrate the principle of duty
which that Senator, as a component member of
this body and of the United States Government,
owes to the Government itself and to the country.
Suppose that the President of the United States
—the present incumbent, if you please—m this
great conjuncture of our affaiis, had folded his
arms, and had assumed the position that he would
do nothing towards the executionofthe law,noth-
ing towards reducing and eompellingthe insurgent
States, who have raised mighty armies for the pur-
pose of resisting the execution of the law, to obe-
dience to that law. If that had been the position
of the President of the United States, I ask the
Senate if he would not have been in the mostflagi-
tious disregard of his duty. If, in addition to
assuming that position, he had acted up to it; had
refused his assent to measures necessary, essen-
tial, and indispensable to the due execution of;the
law, and had given his discountenance to the pas-
sage of all such laws, would he not be in sach
flagrant default in the discharge of his duties as
that he would be unworthy to fill the office of Chief
Executive Magistrate of the United States ?
Well, sir, are his functions and his duties more
necessary than those of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, of the Senate of the United States* to
take measures to insure the execution of the laws?
What did he do? When the war broke out in
earnest, and commenced to rage by the reduction
of Fort Sumter, he, under the act of 1795, called
on the States of the Union to furnish seventy-five
thousand volunteers to aid him in the execution
of the law. I was not a member of this body at
that time. I do not know that I am accurately
informed as to the course of action of the Senator
from Indiana on the occasion when Congress sub-
sequently convened to approve of and to confirm
the action of the President of the United States,
and to clothc him with other and greater powers
in the raising of men and money and arms to en-
able him to perform this necessary duty; but, if
I am correctly informed, that gentleman's line of
conduct through the whole series of these meas-
ures conformed to his avowed position in the Sen-
ate Chamber on this occasion: that he stood op-
posed to the passage of any and all measures for
the purpose of coercing the seceded States, and
compelling them to acknowledge obedience to the
laws of Congress. The gentleman-yesterday read
from a speech that he made at the last session of
Congress. If I understand the position and the
principle which he assumed in that speech, it is
identical with that of his letter dated in Septem-
ber last, referring to a letter which he had pre-
viously written to Mr. Lincoln in March, and he
there declares explicitly, frankly, courageously,
that he is opposed to the whole scheme and sys-
tem of coercion of the revolted States.
Well, sir, if Congress had passed mcasuresjust
such as Congress did pass with a view to produce
the due execution of the laws, and in that way to
save the Government from ruin, and the Union of
the States from disruption; and the President of
the United States had assumed the authority of
ignoring all those laws, and recommending a sub-
stitute for the purpose of producing results en-
tirely different from those which those measures
were intended to subserve, I ask the Congress of
the Unitc'd States if he would not have been in
such dereliction of his duty as would have sub-
jected him properly to impeachment and to re-
moval from office. Shall a Senator of the United
States be allowed to assume opinions and'princi-
ples and a line of conduct which, if they had been
adopted by the President, would have subjected
him properly to impeachment, without subjecting
himself to the analogous punishment of expulsion
from this body ?
Let me illustrate this position by another ex-
ample. This is a most stupendous rebellion; it is
one that I abhor from my deepest soul. I have no
j conclusion of reason; I have no impulse of heart;
• I have no emotion of soul that does not utterly
condemn it; and so far as I have energy to take
part personally in the contest whenever it comes
to my domicil, or so far as a member of the Sen-
! ate of the United States 1 can clothe the President,
| the chief executive officer of the United States,
i whose first duty it is to put down this rebellion,
j with every constitutional and proper power to put
i it down and crush it out forever, I shall do so.
But, sir, it takes a combination of all the officers
of all the departments of the Government to put
down this stupendous and unparalleled rebellion.
Suppose Congress had not acted upon the subject
at all by raising men and money to clothe the Pres-
ident with power to meet the great emergency;
suppose Congress had folded its arms listlessly,
if you please—sympathizuigly I might say, as the
Senator from Indiana did—and had remained as
inactive to this great danger and to this extreme
emergency as he did, what now would be the con-
dition of this conn try ? Why, sir, the Union would
be in ruins, the Constitution would have been de-
