1862.
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
discriminations. Itisnotso. lfa call were made in
Ohio for troops to guard the soil of Ohio, we should
have a large number of volunteers for that purpose
who cannot go into the,three years service; and in
the State of New York, in the county of St. Law-
rence, where the honorable Senator lives, if there
was danger of an invasion from Canada, and a
call was made on the people of that locality for
service for a short time to defend that soil, thou-
sands of men would spring to arms, and render
good service to their country, who might not see
proper to enlist for a long term of general service.
All these motives ought to be acted upon. You
must avail yourselves of local pride, of local jeal-
ousies, of local feelings. You must avail your-
selves of every physical and every moral power
in this war. There may be thousands of men in
Kentucky who are willing to serve as volunteers
for the defense of that State who may not be will-
ing to go beyond that State. The Senator says
they ought to be patriotic enough to go every-
where. That is not the question. If they are
willing to render good service anywhere, I would
employ them there, and employ general volunteeis
for other duty. It seems to me we make a great
mistake in not availing ourselves of this local pride
and local feeling. I think it is right and proper
to do it.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not call out the militia
there under our new law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. As I have stated, you can-
not call on the militia of particular States; you
must call on the general militia, and then it is ap-
portioned among the States.
Mr. TPJCJMBtXLL.. The Senator is certainly
mistaken. We can call out the militia under the
law of 1795 in any State or all the States.
Mr. SHERMAN- Then my answer is, that it
is much better and wiser to have volunteers than
militia.
Mr. GRIMES. Why?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because I believe you get
a better class of men, men who go voluntarily into
service and assume service without a draft.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 ask the gentleman if the
Government gives encouragement to volunteers
for service in a particular State and organizes them
for that purpose, whether you will ever get any
other volunteers there.
Mr. SHERMAN. My own impression is, that
now since you have called for a draft, you will
get very few volunteers any way. You have got
to choose between two systems: drafting, which
I have always thought wisest for general purposes,
and volunteering; but if you adopt one system it
is very apt to stop the other. But I say you may
get volunteers for particular local purposes when
you cannot get them for general purposes of the
wai; and 1 think we ought to avail ourselves of
that class of persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend the sec-
ond section by adding the words " and while in
actual service," so as to restrict payments to the
officers while they are in actual service.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not object to that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will state my object. In
our public experience we have had a species of
troops called " the sedentary militia," particu-
larly in Florida. When we had our Indian war
down there, a number of volunteer militia com-
panies were got up to be used whenever their ser-
vices might be needed, just as is proposed here.
This is to be a volunteer force to be mustered into
service, but not to continue in service unless they
are called on for the defense of the State. That
becomes a sedentary militia. The fact was in re-
gard to that kind of militia in Florida, that the
same men belonged to three or four different com-
panies and drew pay in each, because the calcu-
lation was that they were not likely to be called
upon to serve in each company at the same time.
Many men and officers in that way got paid for
belonging to different companies. That is a se-
dentary militia. I desire thatthese volunteertroops
shall not be under pay except when they are in
actual service, and 1 desire not only to insert the
words that have been inserted on my motion, but
to extend the same provision to the soldiers as
well as to the officers. In the fourth section, I pro-
pose the same amendment, to insert the words
"actual service," and in the second section, to
provide that the officers and soldiers shall not have
pay except while they are in actual service.
Mr. DAYIS. V hope those amendments will
be adopted.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. By these amendments the
character of the bill is somewhat altered; but after
all, my impression is that if you provide for this
sort of qualified service in a State, subject to the
possibility of being called out of the State and be-
ing sent away freely like other volunteers, you
will not get many men; and if it is understood
that they are not subject to being called away like
others, and to go abroad, a good many will enter
the sei vice; and my belief is that just as far as you
organize this sort of service in any State you will
pro tanto prevent the getting of any other men there.
The men who enter this service will not enter any
other, and you will be deprived, either of getting
your militia in proper detachments, or obtaining
your volunteers as you need them for the general
service of the country.
In the next place, if we pass a bill of this kind,
it will be very awkward for us to go home to other
parts of the United States and talk over what we
have done about the war and urge our people to
enter upon the service under the call for three hun-
dred thousand additional men, of which my State
has sent the first regiment into the field. We may
be told " you passed a law for Kentucky by which
their people can volunteer for the defense of their
State merely, subject to a possibility of some part
of them being called beyond the State; but you
will not let us do so, you will not let the people of
other States of the Union enter themselves as brave
patriotic men into the local service of their Slates;
we have gof to march down into Virginia six or
seven hundred miles from home, and now we do
not understand, we cannot perceive the propriety
or equality or equity of such an arrangement." I
should hardly know what to tell them. The hon-
orable Senatorfrom New Hampshire [Mi'.Clakk]
informed us the other day that he desired to go
home and exert himself to raise men as volunteers
for the service of (he country in Us prescntextrem-
ity. I should hardly know what to tell him to say
to the people oflSew Hampshire, and I should
hardly know what to say myself to the people of
Vcrmontin relation toanarrangementofthis kind.
" What," say they, " you want to provide for the
people of the State of Kentucky—who at one time
put themselves upon the ground that they would
fight out of the State our troops and the southern
troops—and to organize and pay a local militia for
the defense of that State, and not oblige their men to
go as we have to go to the common defense of the
country;*,you make peculiar distinctions and ex-
tend favoritism to them, and call upon us to bear
the heat and burden of the day." i cannot see the
propriety of doing so; I cannot see how I am go-
ing to excuse it at home; and, therefore, I shall
vote against it.
Mr. CLARK. In addition to what has been
said by the Senator from Vermont, I may men-
tion a little incident that has come to my knowl-
edge in the history of this war, which relates pe-
culiarly to the State of New Hampshne. There
wentoutfroma little rural town in that State with
a small population, in one of the regiments of the
State, sixteen men. They belonged to the New
Hampshire fifth. I am told now upon good au-
thority, that I believe, that there is not a man alive
of the sixteen who went in that regiment, and
there has not been a man of those sixteeen who
has fallen by the bullet, the bayonet, or the saber.
They belonged to the army ot the Potomac, and
they have all fallen in the swamps and by the
wayside and in the ditches of Vngmia; and now,
as the Senator from Vermont says, what can we
say to the people of that State when they tell us,
"you send us out to perish in Virginia, not to
fight the enemy, but to die in the trenches like
dogs and rot by the wayside, while the people of
Kentucky in their own climate, and on their own
hills, defend their own State, without marching
where you send us."
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, whenever the
States of New Hampshire and Vermont have the
same pelils threatening them that Kentucky has,
Kentucky will vote that those States be author-
ized to arm for their own defense, as Kentucky
now asks to be armed for her own defense.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will allow me to
say that I have not any doubt about it; but the
objection is this: why will not Kentucky go into
Virginia ?
Mr. DAVIS. Sheis willing to go into Virginia,
and these troops are subject to be ordered into
Virginia whenever the President decidcs to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky may also say that she is compelled to fur-
nish her quota under the other call.
Mr. DAVIS. Precisely. If gentlemen will just
give us a law authorizing the President to fu rnis'h us
with arms, we will ask no more; we will raise the
troops necessary for our own defense without pay
and without clothing. All we ask is that the State
be allowed to rally her sons to her own defense,
finding herself, m the present sudden emergency;
but if gentlemen will pass the bill, the troops who
will be laised under this law will be subject to the
order ot the President, and they will march freely
to any point where he may order them to serve.
Mr. COWAN. I think there is great force in
what has been said by the Senator from Ohio, and
the Senator from Kentucky,and I think that one
point has been overlooked entiiely in the debate;
and that is that the necessity for the provision
arises out of the condition of Kentucky at the
present time—a State in civil war. I can very
easily conceive thata provision of this kind prop-
erly cairied out might have the effect of entiiely
saving that State; because it is a question often-
times as to who shall arm first, who shall first be
in the field with an imposing array. I feel con-
strained to favor the passage of this measure, be-
cause I think it will be salutary, and perhaps save
the lives even of New Hampshire and Vermont
men in defending the State ofKentucky,hereafter,
as well as men from the other free States; and if
it were in my own State I should claim it as it is
claimed now by the representatives of Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that this bill be
indefinitely postponed, and on that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
8ALT3 OF INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 should like to have
permission of the Senator from Wisconsin to make
a report from the Committee on Imhan Affairs. It
is a joint resolution which I should like to have
passed.
The joint resolution (S.No. 100) suspending
the sale by sealed bids of the lands of the Kansas
and the Sac and Fox tribes of Indians was read
the first time by its title.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This is a matter that
there is no dispute about, and I should like to
have the resolution passed.
The PRESIDENT j)ro tempore. Docs any Sen-
ator object to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution ?
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. To suspend the sales
of lands of the Kansas and Sac and Fox Indians by
sealed bids, until the 4th ofMarch. We have trea-
ties here with the two tribes, but there is no time
to get the treaties through, and the joint resolu-
tion is to suspend the sales as provided by the
new treaties, until the 4th of March next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any Sen-
ator object?
Mr. KING. I object; we ought to get through
with the hill before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that the vote will be taken
on this bill.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY".
Mr. CLARK. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, I desire to postpone the bill
for a moment, to call up the House resolution ex-
planatory of an act to suppress insurrection, and
to punish treason, for the purpose of making an
amendment. It will take but a few moments,and
it is very important that it should be taken up at
this time.
Mr. HOWE. I yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any Sen-
ator object? The Chair hears no objection.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 110) explana-
tory of u An act to suppress insurrection, to pun-
ish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate
the property of rebels, and for other purposes,"
was read twice, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that the provisions of
the third clause of the fifth section of4< An act to
