3374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
July 16,
suppress insurrection, and punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property or
rebels, and for other purposes," shall be so con-
strued as not to apply to any acts done prior to
its passage; nor to include any member of a State
Legislature or judge of any State court who has
not,in accepting or entering upon hisoffice, taken
an oath tosuppoitthe constitution of the so-called
confederate Slates of America.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the resolution
by adding:
Nor shall any punishment or proceedings under said act
be so construed us to wot k a forfeituie of the real estate of
the offender beyond his natural life.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent to that
amendment. The Senate will observe it is a very
important amendment. It provides that you shall
confiscate the leal estate only lor life. \^hat will
that amount to? What is a life estate worth in
lands in the West, where these traitors chiefly
hold their real estate ? It is not worth anything; it
amounts to nothing. Accouling to the principles
of this bill, I think there can be no question about
the constitutional power to seize the property of
these traitors who have run away. Take the case
which I have so often alluded to in the Senate, that
of Mr. Slide!!, who owns forty thousand acres of
land in the State of Illinois. You cannot reach
Mr. Slidell to punish him; you cannot institute
proceedings against him; he is not in the coun-
try; probably never will be in the country; yet he
has property in my Slate which was worth more
than $100,000 some time ago, which would prob-
ably sell for $100,000 now. The life estate in that
property is not worth any tlung; it would not sell
for anything, it seems to me there is no trouble
in reaching that property. I cannot consent to
this amendment. i*do not wish fo take up time
at this stage of the session, bu 11 trust the amend-
ment will not. be agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I trust the amendment will be
ngiccd to. it may be sometimes desirable to se-
cure as much as wo can, if we cannot get all we
wish. I would desire to get the real estate in fee;
but if wc cannot do that', it may be. worth while
for us to consider whether we will not take the
personal pioperty of the individual and the real
estate for life, jf we cannot gel the estate in fee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know by
what authority the Sermtoi says we cannot get
any moie, because if we are acung under a kind
of duress, I want to understand it.
Mr. CLARK. I do not say that we are acting
under any duress; but it may be that there may
be objections to the bill as it now stands, some-
where, and it may be that an amendment like t his
will cure the difficulty and enable us to get over
it. J suggest to Senators whether it may not be
better to adopt the amendment in that view of it,
rather than to reject it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator fiom New
Hampshire will state to us m explicit language
that the President of the United States will veto
the bill unless we pass this amendment, t am in
favor of passing it; but I want to throw that re-
sponsibility upon tho.se who ought proiuuly to
assume it. I will not shirk myself, and 1 do not
want anybody else to shirk. If the President de-
sires to say that in his view of the Constitution—
and 1 do not criticise him- be wishes this amend-
ment in older to enable him conscientiously to
sign the bill, I will pass it; but I want him to take
that position before the people of t he United States.
So far as the lite estate to wild lands in the West
is concerned, it is a simple absurdity to talk of
seizing tt unci deriving anything from it. The lead-
ing traitors of this country have been speculating
very largely in western lands, and they have gt eat
quantities of them. 1 think we ought to seize them
and sell them, and use the pioeeeds to put down
their icbeliion The idea that wc may diaw a dis-
tinction in a military opei at ion between a life estate
and an estate in fee, I think is an absurdity. That
will do vei y well for the com ts to talk about. but
it lias no application to this case. Still, if the Pres-
ident rests hit. objection to any bill we have {Kissed
on that ground, i am leady to vote for this reso-
lution in order to remove the objection; but 1 want
him to take the lesponsibility ot saying so. if the
Senator says that be is autiioiized, oi feels author-
ized, to say that the Piesident objccts to the bill
we have passed because of tin' two grounds named
here, then I am pe: feetly willing to relieve him by
passing this amenda'm y resolution; but 1 want
him to assume the responsibility, and not to take
it myself. , ,
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I think I may
say that I am authorized to declare that I do know
that that is one of the objections made to the bill
by the President,and it is with a view of remov-
ing that objection and inducing his signature to
the bill that I offer this amendment, not that it
Satisfies me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will vote for it.
Mr. CLARK. There is one other amendment
that I propose to make, and I may as well, as I
am upon the floor, state what that is. I propose,
after this amendment be adopted, if it shall be
adopted, to move this further amendment:
Jlndbe it further resolved, That the words granting an
amnesty in the thirteenth section o( said act shall he so
consulted as to authorize the President to restoie the of-
fender any pioperty which may have been seized and con-
demned under any proceedings of this act, or the proceeds
theieol'.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator state whether
that is also at the instance of the President'
Mr. CLARK. It is. The thirteenth section
of the bill provides:
That the President is hereby authorized at any time heie-
aftor.hy pioclamation, to extend to poisons who may have
paiticipated in the existing rebellion in any State oi partof
,i Siare, pat don and amncMy, with *uch exception?, and at
such times and on .such conditions as he may think tit.
The question was whether that would author-
ize him, if a man showed himself to be innocent,
to restore his property; and it is only to extend
the words to give him that privilege, if he finds the
man has been innocent, to let him have his prop-
erty back again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is incum-
bent upon the Chair to announce the special order
of the day, which will supersede all other business.
Mr. CLARK. I move that that and all prior
oi ders be postponed with a view of enabling us to
proceed with this joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not; for it is mani-
fest that if this matter comes up there will be
some controversy about it.
Mr. CLARK. We may as well have it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is for a majority of the Senate to decide. The
Senator from New Hampshire moves to postpone
the special order and all other orders for the pur-
pose of continuing the consideration of the joint
resolution which lias been before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I do not like to legis-
late under duress, or under the threat of a veto
from the President of the United States. Some
three days ago we passed a confiscation bill. I
made a suuendcr of my individual opinions to
take the bill as it was, believing that it should be
more stringent in its character than we passed it;
but having consented to that bill I am not now will-
ing to have a modification of that bill which will
not be a law until the President of the United States
shall sign it. Having voted upon it under my re-
sponsibility as a member of the Senate, my duty
for the time being ceases. It then becomes the
duty of the President of the United States either
to approve the bill or to return it to Congress with
his objections. When he shall return it with his
objections, I shall be willing to vote for or against
it, according to the dictates of my conscience; but
I am not willing m advance to anticipate an ob-
jection of the President of the United States, and
to remove it by an amendment of a law which is
no law. I will not surrender the independence
of the Senate and the Constitution of the United
Stales at the dictation of any President, however
I may tiust his discietum and his patiiotism.
"Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
When the veto message shall be presented to the
Senate I shall be ready to make the issue between
confiscation and no confiscation,and to stand upon
my convictions. I believe a confiscation bill is de-
manded, and imperatively demanded; but I am
not willing in advance to have my hands tied at
the dictation of the Executive or any other power
this side of God in heaven.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, it may be well
enough to look at this matter piactically and can-
didly and calmly. I do not know that there is
any attempt here to have any Senator legislate
under duiess. J do not think the Presidentof the
United States attempts to dictate to anybody. But
every Senator will say that when a bill has passed
both Houses of Congress, it becomes the duty of
the President to examine it carefully and thought-
fully and conscientiously. If the President has
objections to it, he is authorized to return it to
Congress with his objections. Now, in a meas-
ure so importantas this, the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States sought nobody; he holds out no dicta-
tion to anybody; but some persons who feared
there might be objections, sought the President
to know what might be the objections. He asks
nothing; he determines nothing; he imposes no
dictation. They ascertained what were the ob-
jections in the mind of the President to the bill,
and the President has a right to entertain these
opinions, if he entertains them conscientiously, as
I have no doubt he does. And does it not become
us as practical legislators, if we can meet the ob-
jections of the President and offer to the country
a bill not so stringent as some gentlemen might
like, but one nevertheless which has some import-
ant features in it; is it not our duty as practical
Senators and legislators to doit? That is the
question that suggests itself to my mind.
I do not make any question whether it is duress
or dictation. I ask what is best to be done, and
I make the appeal to Senators now, whether, in
this condition of the country, when we want re-
cruits, it is worth while to stand upon punctilio,
and upon exact points, and defeat this bill, and
thus repress the ardor of our men and prevent en-
listments, when, by yielding a little ourselves, or
making this modification, we can make it harmo-
nious to the country. I ask what is the duty of
the statesman, what is the duty of the Senator?
Is it to stand upon his own pai ticular notions, or
is it to yield something and take the best thing he
can get, if he does not sacrifice any principle in
doing so? You may ask the President to sacrifice
a principle; but if he tells you what that principle
is, and you can modify the measure so as to get
something which maybe properand advantageous
to the country, I suggest to Senators whether we
ought not to do it, and whether we ought to stick
and higgle as to how the thing shall be done.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, this mode of pro-
ceeding presents to us a question that is entirely
new. We are called upon to make a precedent as
to the manner in which communications shall take
place between coordinate branches of the Govern-
mental the exercise of their powers. I look upon
it as a graver question, if possible, than the merits
of this particular proposition.
We have three independent branches of the Le-
gislature: the President, with the power to recom-
mend measures for the consideration of Congress,
and with a veto upon the acts of Congress; and
we have the two Houses of Congress, each acting
separately and independently, the distinct action
of each necessary to the passage of a law. Gen-
tlemen say Congress is not coerced by this mode
of proceeding, and talk about the practicability of
things. They might as well say, if we cannot be
freemen we can consentto be slaves. Each of the
three branches of the Legislature is and ought to
be independent of the others. The President of
the United States has his constitutional lights. If
a proposition which has passed the two Houses
is not satisfactory to him, either by reason of con-
stitutional or other objections, it is not only his
right, but it is his solemn duty, under the Consti-
tution, to return that bill to the House in which it
originated, with his objections to it; but it will not
do, through a Senator upon this floor, to suggest
that a bill must be modified. It is monstrous to
commence a practice that would require the two
Houses to ascertain and shape their action by the
will of the Executive. Where is popular power,
where is the legislative power, or what is the power
of Congress, if suggestions of that sort are to be
made either secietly or openly?
I am astonished that this proposition should be
made. I regret it. I think it ought not to be made
or acted on. Let Congress sit here until it can do
the business of the country; let us meet all these
questions; it is our highest duty to do so; and not
under any circumstances to shirk and run, and
then talk about the responsibility for results. It
is a threat for a child, and foi a vei y young child
too, to talk about iesponsibihty in the discharge
of duties where high trusts are confided to men.
We have got to meet our enemies as enemies, and
we have got to act with the decision that belongs
