1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. HORTON. We do not propose to tax
water. We put a tax of five cents on wine and
none on water. I do not think there is much
choice between "the two.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Horton's amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morris and
Chamberum were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move further to amend
the paragraph by adding thereto the following:
"including all such wine on hand when this act
shall take effect." I merely wish to say, Mr.
Chairman, that as I did notmove this amendment
to the tax on liquor for the purpose of promoting
the cause of temperance, so neither do I refrain
from moving it to the tax on wine for the reason
assigned by the gentleman from Ohio, that it will
promote the cause of temperance to impose a small
tax upon this article. I offer the amendment be-
cause I believe that this tax is now altogether be-
low what should be imposed on an article which
is an article of luxury, and without any reference
to the temperance question. I think it will well
bear a tax on the amount that shall be on hand
when this law goes into effect, inasmuch as there
will be the same accumulation of this article for the
purpose of subsequent sale as there was of the arti-
cle to which the other amendment was proposed.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. It is contrary to the whole principle
of the bill. The bill is founded generally upon the
supposition that articles hereafter to be manufac-
tured and sold are to be taxed. It is true that
upon the article of whisky the Committee of the
Whole, by a very meager majority, reversed the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means, put-
ting the tax upon the article on hand; but when
the same motion was afterwards made in refer-
ence to other manufactured articles it failed; audi
trust that when wegetinto the House this amend-
ment in regard to whisky will be voted down. We
• know very well that a large quantity of the wine
now on hand has been manufactured for years
without any expectation of a tax at this time.
The western wine-growers, I think, ought to be
encouraged. If I could have my way in the ar-
rangement of a tariff, I would exclude all foreign
wines by a duty that would be prohibitory, so
that every wine drank in the country should be
produced here. Wine would then be much cheaper
than it is now. Besides, theie is nothing that goes
so far to promote temperance as the general intro-
duction of wine among the people. Those who
have traveled in foreign countries all agree thatin
the wine-growing regions, where wine is the com-
mon beverage among the laboring classes, there
is no intemperance. You may go through Ger-
many and through those portions of Prance where
wine is made and you will find no drunkenness.
In order to find drunkenness you must go to Eng-
land or come to America, where wine is not the
comrqon beverage of the people. In my judg-
ment, if you could make wine the common bever-
age of the people here, you would be conferring a
great benefit on the cause of humanity. I hope,
therefore, that no obstruction will be thrown in
the way of the production of native wine; and I
also trust that when wo come to modify the tariff
we will take notice of this matter. This country
is as well adapted to the growth of wine as any
other country, and there is no necessity for our
sending a dollar abroad to purchase wine.
Mr. EDWARDS. Before the vote is taken on
my amendment, I propose to modify it by add-
ing after the words " on hand" the words " held
for sale."
The question was taken on Mr. Edwards's
amendment as modified, and it was rejected.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to have an !!
explanation of this clause from the Committee of!
Ways and Means. As the clause is worded, it |j
strikes me that wine is subject to be taxed more
than once. I suppose that that is not the inten-
tion of theCommitteeofWaysand Means. They
know that the manufacturers of wine have to keep
it on hand for two or three years before it is fit
for sale, and it cannot be intended that it should
be taxed every year. 1 think that some explana-
tion of that clause should be made.
Mr. HORTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will see from the first part of the section,
that the duties laid on it are to be imposed on
goods " made and sold, or removed for consump-
tion." That covers the gentleman's objection.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend in the one
hundred and seventy-eighth line by striking out
the words " twenty-five cents per gallon," and
inserting in lieu of it the words " five per cent.
ad valorem;" so that the clause would read, " on
varnish, made wholly or in part of gum copal or
other gums or substances, five per cent, ad valo-
rem."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by adding as a new paragraph the words,
" on furs of all descriptions, not otherwise pro-
vided for, five per cent, ad valorem.>f
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SPAULDING. I wish to submit a few
remarks in regard to the amendment as to furs.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has
already been adopted.
Mr. SPAULDING. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which it was adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. SPAULDING. Then I ask unanimous
consent to make an explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. SPAULDING. Mr. Chairman, the reci-
procity treaty, so callcd—which, by the by, is a
very one-sided bargain—made by Great Britain
with this country, enumerates furs among the
articles that may come in free of duty; and i may
as well, in this connection, make a few general
remarks on the treaty itself, as applicable to the tax
on Hour, furs, and other articles mentioned 111 the
tax bill.
This one-sided bargain, made between William
L. Marcy, Secretaiy of State, on behalf of the
United States, and Lord Elgin, on behalf of the
British Government, misnamed a "reciprocity
treaty," admitting certain articles, being the
"growth and producc" of the British provinces
of North America, into the United States free of
duty, operates very injuriously upon the people
of the United States. This treaty, 111 effect, placcs
the people of Canada on an equal footing with the
citizensof^he United States in all theircommeicial
intercourse, without imposing upon them any
taxation or other burdens. " Grain, jluur, bread-
stuffs, and furs," of all kinds grown in Canada
are admitted into the United States free of duty.
We cannot levy any impost duty on flour and
furs imported from Canada without violating this
treaty. If we impose an internal tax of ten cents
abarrelonflourmanufacturedin the United States,
the Canadian millers will have just ten cents a bar-
rel the advantage over our own millers. When
the Canadian miller brings his flour into our mar-
kets free of duty, he can, whether friendly or un-
friendly, undeiscll our own loyal citizens if we
impose this tax on flour.
Air. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, this is a little
iiregular. I suggest to the gentleman from New
York to move a proviso that this tax on furs shall
not be collected till after the expiration of the reci-
procity treaty.
Mr. SPAULDING. I accept the suggestion of
the gentleman, and move the proviso which he
indicates, not bccausc I approve of the proviso,
but so as not to be out of order in the few remarks
I am making. Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to understand that I am opposed in toto to this
reciprocity treaty. The effect of it is to put the
citizens of Canada and of the British possessions
adjoining our country on an equal footing with
our loyal people. The people of Canada bring
all their surplus productions into all our cities and
villages, to be soid, wuhout being taxed at all to
support our Government. They eii)oy all the
benefits of oui maikets,our railroads, and canals,
the same as our own citizens, without any alle-
giance to our Government, and without sustain-
ing any of its bui dens. They become, in effect,
for all trading and commercial purposes, citizens
of the United States, without having to pay taxes
for the support of the Government. It is one of
the most one-sided and ill-considered treaties in
its practical workings that ever was negotiated.
I have examined it with a good deal of care, and
I find that it imposes upon us, and upon all our
manufactured articles, a heavy tax to be collected
on everything which we desire to export into Can-
ada, while we admit into our markets almost
everything which the Canada people have to ex-
port, free of duty. Since this treaty went into
effect, the Treasury of the United States has lost
over fourteen millions of dollars, which it ought
to have received from Canada in the shape of du-
ties on imports, and without any corresponding
benefits to our Government. The time has come
when we must husband all our resources. The
people of Canada ought not to enjoy these great
advantages while our people are to be so heavily
taxed.
Now, we cannot with any propriety continue this
treaty beyond the time fixed for its termination.
We are undoubtedly bound to observe its provis-
ions so long as they are observed by the British
Government during the time specified for its con-
tinuance. It was negotiated on the 5ih of June,
1854. It was ratified by the two Governments,
and proclamation made of it, on the 11th of Sep-
tember, 1854. The fifth article provides that the
treaty shall continue in force ten years from the
time the treaty goes into effect, and until the ex-
piration of twelve months after either party shall
give notice to the other of its wish to terminate
the same; such notice to be given at the end of
the term, or at any time afterwards. The ten
years from the time when President Pierce made
proclamation of the ticaty will expire September
11,1864, and if our Government gives the required
notice, then the treaty may be terminated Sep-
tember 1], 1865, and not before.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman from
New York if there is not a proviso in the treaty
that it may be annulled by either party's giving
six months' notice?
Mr. SPAULDING. No, sir; there is no such
provision. I have the treaty before me. It is in
volume ten of the United States Statutes-at-large.
It is provided in the fifth section that it may be
terminated after ten years by a year's notice being
given; but that notice cannot be given until the
expiration of the ten years. If notice is given
September 11,1864, the treaty may be terminated
on the 11th of September, 1865.
Now, almost every article on which we impose
an internal duty by our tax bill is more or less
affected by this treaty. I have before me a table
showing how the treaty operates. [See table on
next page.] On all manufactured articles which
we carry into Canada, they impose a tauffof duties
that is almost prohibitory. Our export of manu-
factures to Canada is constantly failing off, by
reason of these high duties imposed by the Cana-
dian Parliament. The trade between Canada and
the villages and cities on the frontier is such that
the Canadians can trade in our ports and cities
and villages without paying any impost duty;
while we, trading with them, have to pay impost
duty on everything that we exchange with them.
I take, for instance, boots and shoes. The Cana-
dians have, since the treaty, increased the duty on
these from twelve and a half to twenty-five per
cent.; on molasses, from sixteen to thirty per
cent.; on refined sugar, from thirty-two to forty
percent.; on harnesses, from twelve and a half
to twenty-five per cent.; on cotton goods, from
twelve and a half to twenty per cent.; on iron
goods, stoves, hollow ware, tools, and all kinds
of iron manufactures, from twelve and a half to
twenty per cent. They have also increased their
tariff on silk goods, woolen goods, and all kinds
of manufactuies.
This great increase in the Canadian tariff has
been made in violation of the spirit of the treaty,
and it has operated most unjustly upon our man-
ufactures. Under tins tariff the Canadian gov-
ernment collect of our people over one million of
dollars in the shape of impost duties towards the
support of their government. While we have
levied annually since the treaty only about forty
thousand dollars on Canadian manufactures, the
aveiage amount of duties levied on our manufac-
tures carried into Canada has been more than one
million of dollars. Consequently, the manufac-
tures of this country exported into Canada have
diminished nearly one half during the last five
years in consequence of this high Canadian tariff.
One of the beneficial effects which Governor
