1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2415
The bills were read for information, as follows:
A bill to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Lanniwa; and
A bill to grant the right of way and a grant of
land to the State of Minnesota to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from a point on Lake Su-
perior, in Minnesota, to a point on the Mississippi
river between the Falls of St. Anthony and Sauk
Rapids.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the introduction
of the first bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the second one.
AMOUNT OF THE PUBLIC DEBT.
_ Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous conscnt,
introduced the following resolution:
Resolvedj That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to furnish to the House of Representatives a statement of
the public debt up to this date, together with a statement
of the average rate of luteie&t paid upon the entire debt.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to add, " and
that he make it as small as possible." [Laughter.]
The resolution was adopted.
ARMING SLAVES, ETC.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to declare and limit the number of volun-
teer soldiers of the Army of the United States,
and to prohibit the arming of slaves in any part
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
INDIANS IN KANSAS.
Mr. RICHARDSON, by unanimous conscnt,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary ot the Interior be, and he is
hereby, duected to inform this. IIou=e how many Indians,
who have been duven into Kansas by the rebels, have
been or are now being fed and clothed tlieie by the Govern-
ment; at what expense per da)', and through whom; and
whether by contract; and if so, with whom.
MINERAL RESOURCES OF TIIE COUNTRY.
Mr. BENNET asked leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Whereas it is deemed important to facilitate the eariy and
economical development of the mineial resomees of the
country, and especially of the piecions metaW known to
exm in gieat quantities in the llocky mountain lange and
in nearly all thQ ranges of mountains in the we.stein part
of the continent: Theiefoie, ioi the puipose of oigamzing
all the aids of qeienco and expetienec, and collecting and
disseminating tollable information in repaid to tluscompar-
atively neglected somee of the wealth of tne country,
Resolved, That the Committee on Aguculturc be in-
structed to mquiie into the utility and feasibility of estab-
lishing a Bureau of Mineralogy, and leport by bill or othei-
WlfeC.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I ask that Ex-
ecutive Document No. 102, being a letter from the
Secretary of War, relative to the alteration of the
bridges across the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, be
referred to the Committee on Military Afiaiis.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
COMPENSATION OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. FRANK, by unanimous conscnt, intro-
duced a joint resolution limning the amount of
compensation and mileage to be paid to unsuc-
cessful claimants to seats m Congress; which was
read a first and second time, and referred u> the
Committee on Mileage.
And then, oil motion of Mr. RICE, of Maine,
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 29, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Suxderla>ti>.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Har-
lan a member of the selcct committee on the Pa-
cific railroad, in accordance with the order made
yesterday.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ute a communication of the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 2d
instant, relative to the condition of the Military
Asylum and the funds received for its benefit;
which, on motion of Mr. Foster was ordered
to be printed, and to lie on the table.
STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I gave notice
yesterday that I would this morning present a
memorial or request on the part of the Legislature
of Virginia in reference to the formation and erec-
tion of a new State within the jurisdiction of that
State, and that I would ask the indulgence of the
Senate dining the morning hour for the purpose
of accompanying the presentation of that request
with some explanatory remarks.
I hold in my hand, sir, an act of the Legislature
of Virginia giving the consent of that State to the
formation and erection of a new State within its
jurisdiction; passed May 13, 1862. I will read
the third section of that act:
" Be U further enacted, That this act shall be transmitted
by the Evecutive to the Senators and Representatives of
this Commonwealth in Congress, with a certified ouginal
of said constitution and schedule, and the said Senators and
Representative* are hereby lequcsted to use their endeav-
ors to obtain the consent of emigres to the admission of
the State of West Virginia into the Union."
Accompanying this request is a certified original
of the constitution adopted by that portion of Vir-
ginia which seeks to be erected into a new State,
together with a certified copy of the returns of the
vote in each county upon the adoption of that con-
stitution.
Mr. President, in presenting this " request of
the Legislature of Virginia, together with the said
certified original of the said constitution," I deem
it proper to accompany it with some explanatory
remarks. I think the importance of the question
involved, is a sufficient apology for such a claim
upon the indulgence of the Senate. I shall be as
brief as is possible.
In the winter of 1860-61 the Legislature of Vir-
ginia was convoked inspecial session, to take into
consideration the exigencies pressing upon the
country in consequence of the revolutionary pro-
ceedings of the Gulf States. That Legislature
passed a law directing the people of Virginia to
elect delegates to a convention, to be held in the
eiiy of Richmond on the 14th day of February,
1861, to determine the duty of Virginia under the
extraordinary circumstances by which she was
surrounded; and it was expressly provided in this
law dircctmg the election of delegates to this con-
vention, that a vote should be taken at the same
time, ascertaining the sense of the people of Vir-
ginia, whether, if the convention passed an ordi-
nance withdrawing the State of Virginia from the
Federal Union, such ordinance, before it became
operative and final, should be leferred back to the
people, for their adoption or rejection. The ma-
jority of votes in favor of such reference was
nearly sixty thousand.
The delegates thus chosen assembled atthe time
and place appointed. After several weeks of ex-
cited discussion, and under the pressure of malign
and extraordinary influences, not now necessary
to he recounted, the convention, in secret session,
did pass an ordinance of secession on the 17th day
of April, 1861. Under the requirement of the law
calling the convention, aheady mentioned, this
oidinance was formally referred to the people, to
be voted upon, on the fourth Thursday of May,
1861, next ensuing. Of course, this ordinance
could not, therefore, be of any legal effect, until
after it should be adopted by the people.
And now, astounding as what lam about to
state may appear, it is, nevertheless, true. Before
the seal of secrecy was removed from the pro-
ceedings of the convention; before the people
knew that the ordinance had been passed; before
the people had voted upon it—yes, sir! on the
veiy next day after the passage of the ordinance, .
the convention began to levy war against the j
United States—large appropriations for military j
purposes were made, field officers were appointed
and commissioned—the miluaiy stores, forts, ar- j
senals, and arms, and custom-houses of the Uni- '
ted States wue seized at Richmond, Norfolk, j
Harper's Feiry, and other places. A fortnight j
had not elapsed until the convention, still in secret ,
session, and before the people knew that any j
ordinance of secession had passed, had, by sol- :
emn compact made with commissioners from the j
insurrectionary government of the so-called con- 1
federate States, annexed Virginia to that confed-
eration, and transferred to it her entire military
resources, and placed the militia under the con-
trol of the rebel chief of that insurrectionary or-
ganization. All this was done by these secret
conspirators, not only before the people had voted
upon the ordinance of secession, but before they
were permitted to know, or did know, that any
ordinance of secession had been passed. Thus
were the unconscious people of Vix'ginia, like
beasts in the shambles, transferred to a new alle-
giance, a new government, and new rulers and
political masters, in the selection of whom they
had no knowledge or choice. And before the peo-
ple were permitted to know of these proceedings,
the "sacred soil' * of Virginia was trodden by the
armed legions of South Carolina and the Gulf
States, and on thefourthThursdayin May,when
the ordinance was to be voted upon by the people,
thirty thousand glittering bayonets surrounded
the polls from the Chesapeake to the summit of
the Alleghanies. Portions of the confederate
forces had been pushed across the Alleg-hanies,
and were menacing the lives and liberties of north-
west Virginia. Officers had been commissioned
vand authorized to raise troops there and to organ-
ize the militia in subjection to the military tyrants
at Montgomery, and in hostility to the United
States. The civil authorities were also threatened
with condign punishment unless they instantly
recognizcd this new order of things, and admin-
istered their offices as under the authority of the
southern confederation.
Against all this the loyal spirit of the people of
northwest Virginia revolted. Public mass meet-
ings—the first of which was organized under the
direction and at the instance of my respected col-
league—were held in many of the counties, to take
into consideration the best means of preserving
our allegiance to the United States, and to protect
ourselves from the remorseless despotism of the
usurpers. A convention, composed of nearly
five hundred delegates, representing nearly thirty
counties of the northwestern section of the State,
assembled early in May, 1861. This convention
not regarding its authority as competent to take
final and definite action in the premises, but breath-
ing a spirit of undying attachment to the national
Union and Constitution, and of eternal hostility
to the principles and pretensions of the southern
rebels, adopted, on the 13th day of May, a scries
of resolutions, which I will read. Senators have
sometimes talked about the fact that Western Vir-
ginia had not come up to the rescue, as she ought,
in this crisis. Sir, five hundred of her men gath-
eied on that day with their lives in their hands,
with conspirators in their midst, and the armed
legions of the southern rebellion marching upon
us, and passed these resolutions in the very teeth
and forefrontof all this danger and array of force
against us:
" I. Resolved, That in our deliberate judgment the ordi-
nance parsed by the convention of Vifgmia,on the 17th day
of April, 1861, known as the ordinance of scces&ion, by
which said convention undertook, in the name of the State
of Virginia, to repeal the ratification of the Constitution of
the United States by this State, and toiesumeali the rights
and powers gj anted under said Constitution, is unconstitu-
tional, null, and void."
We committed treason, according to the theory
qf the South, in the face of her armed legions:
<:2. Resolved, That the schedule attached to the ordi-
nance of secession, suspending and prolnbitingthe election
of membeis of Conine-? for tins State, isamanrfest usurp-
ation of power, to which we ought not to submit.
u 3. Resolved, That the agreement of the 24th of April,
1861, between the commissioners of the confederate States
and this State, and the ordinance of the 25th April, 1861,
approving and ratifying said agreement by which the whole
militaiv force and military operations, olfensive and defen-
sive. ot this Commonwealth, are placed under the chief con-
tiol and directum ol the president or the confederate States,
upon the same punciples, bauis and footing as il the Com-
monwealth were now a membei of .-aid co'nfcdciaey, and ¥
all the acts of the executive officers of oui State m pursu-
ance ofsaidagieemeut and ordinance, are plain and palpable
violations of the Constitution ot the United Stales,, and aie
utterly subveiMve of ihd lights and hbei lie* of the people
of Virginia.
" 4. ileso/uerf, That we earnestly urge and onticat the cit-
izens of tne State eveij where, but inoro especially in the
western j-ection, to be prompt atthe poll* on the93d instant,
and to impiess upon every voter the duty of voting m con-
demnation of the ordinance ot secession, m the hope that
we may not be in\olved m the nun to be occasioned by its
adoption, and with the view to demonstrate the position of
the west on the question of secession.
415. Resolved, That we eai neatly recommend to the citi-
zens of Western Vugiiua to vote for members of the Con-
giess of the United States in their several distiiets, in the
