1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and signal ability. In speaking of the cxercise of
the power of expulsion, this report says:
"In examining the question whether these forms of judi-
cial piocecdingtj m the ruled of judicial evidence ought to
be applied to the exercise of that censorial authority which
the Senate of the United States possesses over the conduct
of its members,, let us as&umea's the tebtof their application
eitherthe dictates of unfettered reason, the letter and spirit
of the Constitutionj or precedents domestic or foieigri, and
your committee believe that the re-ultwill be the same:
that the power of expelling a member must in its nature be
discretionary, and in its exeicise always more summary than
the taidy process of judicial proceedings.
"The power of expelling a member for misconduct re-
sults, on the principles ot common sense, from the interests
oi the nation that the high trust of legislation should be in-
vested in puie hands. When the tiust is elective, it is not
to be presumed that the constituent body will commit the
deposit to the keeping of worthier characters. But when
a man, whom his fellow-citizens have honored with their
confidence on the pledge of a spotless leputation, has de-
graded Jumbelf by the commission of lnfamou.s crimes,
which become suddenly and unexpectedly revealed to the
world, defective, indeed, would be that institution which
should be impotent to discard fiom its bosom the contagion
of such a member; which should have no remedy of ampu-
tation to apply until Hie poison had jeachedthe heait."
Now, I ask the attention of those members of
the Senate who are lawyers (and there are many
here who are much more learned and able in that
profession than I am or could ever hope to be) to
this reasoning:
44 The question upon the trial of a criminal cau«se before
the courtd of common law id not between guilt and inno-
cence, but between guilt and the possibility of innocence.
]f a doubt can possibly be raised, cither by the ingenuity
of the patty, or ot his counsel, or by the operation ot gen-
eral rules in their unfoie^een application to paitieulai cases,
that doubt mu?.t be decisive for acquittal; and the veuhet
^of not guilty, pei haps in nine cases out of ten, means no
more than that the guilt of the party has not been demon-
strated in the precise, specific, and nanovvfoims prescribed
by law. The humane bpti it of the laws multiplies the bar-
riers for the protection of innocence, and freely admits that
tljese bairiers may be abused for the shelter of guilt. It
avows a stiong partiality favoiable to the peison upon ttial,
and acknowledges the prefeience that ten guilty should
escape r*thei than that one innocent should suffer. The
Interest of the public that a pamcnlar crime should he pun-
ished is but as one to ten, compaied with the interestot the
paity that innocence should be spared. Acquittal onlj re-
stores the patty to the common lights of eveiy citizen; it
restores hun to 110 public tiust; it invests him with no pub-
lic confidence; it substitutes the sentence of mercy for the
doom of justice, and to the e\es of impartial reason, in the
great majority of cases, must be considered rather as a
paid on than a justification.
" Cut when a member of a legislative body lies under the
imputation of aggiavated offen-scs, and the determination
upon his cause can operate only to remove him from a station
of extensive powers and important trust, this disptoportion
between the interest of the public awl the inteiost of the
Individual disappears; if any di^propoition exists, it is of an
oppo-ite kind. It is notthe bcttei thattentiaitoisshould be
members of this Senate than that one innocent man should
suffer expulsion. In cithci case, no doubt, the evil would be
great. Hut in the foimer it would si like at the vital* ot the
nation; 111 the latter, it might, thoush deeply to bo lamented,
only be the calamity of an individual."
Mr. President, these authorities prove conclu-
sively that we are bound now, in giving our judg-
ment in this case, by no positive principle of law.
There is and can be no controversy as to the proofs
in the cause, and thercfoie I will make no remark
on the law of testimony that would apply to the
case, if there was any such controversy. The prin-
ciple deduced from the authorities is this: there
is no common law, no statutory law, there is no
parliamentary law that binds the Senate to any
particular definition of crime or offense in acting
in this or any other ease of the kind. On the con-
trary, as these authorities establish, it is a matter
coming within tin? discietion of the tribunal try-
ing the Senator. They establish this general prin-
ciple, that where the evidence makes out a case
against him which, in the judgment of the^ triers,
unfits him for his parliamentary duties, it is their
duty to expel him.
When this great Government and country have
been in the throes of this mighty rebellion; when
no man has been able to say whether to-morrow's
sun would shine upon the reestablishment or the
dissolution of the Union,and whether the Goveru-
men t would ever 1 ally cnei gy and power and means
and men enough to reconstt uct it; when the Pres-
ident proposes toCongress, the law-making power,
a series of*measures to procure the mean s to ena-
ble him to raise and fo ccjnip armies for the pur-
pose, not of subjugating the States, but ot com-
pelling obedience to the laws; when the gentleman
either votes against every such proposition or does
not vote for it, and offers no measure, rio propo-
sition himself as a substitute for the various prop-
ositions the President has made; when he declares
in the most explicit language, and reiterates it,
reiterates it here upon this floor while he is under
trial, " I am opposed to the whole system of co-
ercing these States, and will not vote a dollar nor
a man nor a gun to the President of the United
States to crush out this rebellion;" I ask if he
does not demonstrate to the world, and beyond all
doubt, that he is an unfit Senator in the present
great exigency of the country, and that he ought
to be removed from his seat? I think he does.
Mr. President, I have spoken longer than I ex-
pected to do when I rose, but my heart is full of
this subject, and when I get up I do not know
how long I am going to speak nor how I am going
to speak. I should close at this point if ithad not
been for an illusion made by the Senator from
Massachusetts, who said that slavery was the
cause of this rebellion. Mr. President, I do not
controvert the fact that slavery was one of the
causes—not one of the immediate and provoking
causes, but a remote cause.
Mr. WADE, i inquire of the Senator whether
he will not give way for an executive session, and
finish his remarks on another occasion.
Mr. DAVIS. Any course that the Senate prefer
will be satisfactory to me.
Mr. WADE. I will conform to the gentleman's
wishes.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit myself to the pleasure
of the Senate,
Mr. WADE. If the gentleman is willing I will
make that motion in order to relieve him. I want
the Senate to go into executive session, and I
make that motion.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will not press that motion. It is right that the
Senator from Kentucky should be answered. I
dislike very much to interpose to say a word. I
cannot think that the honorable Senator from
Kentucky would knowingly misrepresent either
my votes or anything that I have said. His con-
cluding' remarks imputed to me language that I
have never used, when he declared that I had said
I would not vote either a man or a dollar or a gun
to crush out this rebellion 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair is obliged to interpose.
TheSenatorfrom Kentucky is entitled to thefloor;
he has yielded it only for the purpose of a motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am aware of that; and I
wanted to correct the Senator just there, that he
might do me justice.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senate allow me a word?
He totally misconceives me. 1 have imputed to
him no such language. I just argued that that
would be the effect of ins position.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not so understand the
Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent thctoin, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 22, 38b*2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
S. F. BEACH.
Mr. DAWES presented the credentials of S.
F. Beach, claiming to be the Representative of the
seventh district of Virginia; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
POSTAGE STAMPS AND ENVELOPES.
The SPEAKER. The firstbusmcsa m order is
the consideration of House bill No. 216, respecting
the sale of postage stamps and envelopes, heieto-
fore reported from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and postponed until yesteiday.
Mr. DUELL. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads is not pres-
ent, and I move that its further consideration be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act to authorize the Pres-
ident to appoint two additional Secretaries of.War;
when the Speaker signed the same.
FREDERICK VINCENT.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revoiur
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief.of
Frederick Vincent, administrator of James Le
Caze, surviving partner of Le Caze & Mallet;
which was read a first and second tinie by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he did, on the
21st instant, approve and sign joint resolutions
and bills of the following titles;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 29) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to transfercertain bal-
ances of an appropriation for printing of the sec-
ond session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress to the
sum appropriated for the first session of the Thir-
ty-Sixth Congress;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 32) declaratory of
the purpose of Congress to impose a tax;
An act (H. R. No. 193) in relation to the letter#
of sailors and marines in the service of the United
States; and
An act (H. R.No. 160) to promote the efficiency
of the dead letter office.
ISAAC BOWMAN.
Mr. PERRY, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made an adverse report on the
claim of Isaac Bowman and others, executors of
Isaac Bowman, deceased; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
TREASURY STOTI5 BILL.
Mr. SPAULDING, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to authorize the
issue of Treasury notes, and for the redemption
or funding thereof, and for funding the floating
debt of the United States, as a substitute for the
Treasury note bill which was introduced a few
days since.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that the bill be
made a special order for Monday next, at one
o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New York that the bill should
not be made a special order for Monday. Though
I am generally averse to making any special or-
ders, 1 do not know that I should object in this
instance, if some other day than Monday were
designated. The gentleman from New York
knows that that is the only day on which we can
move to suspend the rules, and I suggest to him
that he name some other day. Though I do not
know that there is anything special for Monday,
1 do not think we should cut ourselves off from
the right of moving to suspend the rules The
gentleman understands that no special order can
be made except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SPAULDING. 'I have no objection to
fixing Tuesday as the day, and I modify my mo-
tion accordingly.
The motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF CLERKS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back, with amend-
ments, the bill (S. No. 107) to authorize an in-
crease of the clerical force in the War and Navy
Departments.
The amendments were as follows:
Strike out, in lines five and six, the words, " in the Ad-
jutant General's office, eighteen clerks of class one,*' and
insert m lieu tliereoi the word*,la the Adjutant General^
office, eighteen cleiks, to be clarified l>v the Adjutant
General, bo that the aggregate compilation of the eighteen
clerks shall not exceed $21,600;" and strike out the second
section.
Mr. BLAIR,ofMissouri. The object of thefirst
amendment is to enable the Adjutant General to
classify the clerks without increasing the amount
appropriated for the eighteen clerks of class one, as
provided m the bill as it came from the Senate. It
has been deemed by the committee, upon inform-
ation from tiie Department, that it is much better
that these clerks should be classified, as some of
them arc very important clerks, and some of them
less important. Without increasing the sunmslced
