436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
for by the Department, we have made an amend-
ment authorizing the Adjutant General to classify
them, so that those clerks who perform more im-
portant duties, and who arc required to have
greater intelligence and experience, may be paid
a higher rate than those who occupy inferior po-
sitions.
The second amendment is to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill, which authorizes the ap-
pointment of the chief clerk of the War Depart-
ment as a disbursing agent of the Department, to
receive the salary affixed to that office by the act
of March, 1853, in addition to his pay as such
clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE. "What are the salaries of
those first-class clerks?
Mr. BLAI^l, of Missouri. Eighteen hundred
dollars a year.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsidcr
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
r recruiting for regiments.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, offered the following resolu-
tion; winch was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the House whether the act of Congress
requiring that the officers of the icgular Army appointed m
the new regiments should be assigned to duty in the field,
and that the olfiecrs appointed fiom civil hie to said freiji-
mctits should be aligned to the duty of recruiiingsnid regi-
ments, Imsbpen complied with ; and whether any officers of
the regular Army, eveept such have been roeentJy ap-
pointed, have been employed in rcciiuting service; and if
bo, how many have been employed in such service since
the adjoui nmciit ot the recent cxtiaoidmaiy bc^ion of Con-
gress, and how many are still employed in this service and
upon duty other than with the uoops in the field.
payment of officeks, etc.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the payment of the field
officers of volunteer regiments for services ren-
dered prior tcf the full organization of the regi-
ments; which was read u first and second time,
its consideration postponed until Wednesday next,
and ordered to be printed.
presents from the japanese government.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, repotted back, with a recommedation that
•it do pass, a joint resolution (S. No. 34) author-
izing certain officers of the Navy to accept pres-
ents often d by the Japanese Government.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
it was accord mgly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
correction of a vote.
Mr. ALDRICH. When the vote was being
taken yesterday on the proposition of the gentle-
man from Vermont (Mr. Morrill] to amend the
instructions offered by the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] for recommitting the bill from
the Post Office Committee to the Committee of
Ways and Means, so as to increase letter postage
from three to five cents, I had j.tst been called out
by an oflicer of the Minnesota sharp-shooters, in
regard to the alarming sickness in that company
here, and humediy voted and left. I undoistoud
that the question was on Air. Blair's instructions;
but the vole being- on Air. Morrill's amendment,
I was recorded as voting for an increase of post-
age, to winch I am opposed; and I was not able,
after my return to the Hall yesterday, to have
the vote corrected. I ask to have the Journal cor-
rected, so that my vote on Mr. Morrill's amend-
ment should be recorded i( no."
Theic being no objection, the correction was
made.
Baltimore and oiiio uailiioad.
Mr. MALLORY I was not present when the
Committee on Koads and Canals was called and
I ask unanimous consent to icport from that com-
mittee a resolution.
No objection h< ing made,
Mr. MALLORY reported the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form this House, as soon as piacticable, whether, and in
what time, sufficient military pi otectiou can be extended
to the line of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, to enable the
company to repair and work said road.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting after the word " practica-
ble," the words "if consistent with the public
interest."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was passed.
LEGISLATIVE; ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. T move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Blair, of Missouri, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government, for the year ending
30th of June, 1863, and additional appropriations
for the year ending 30th of June, 18G2, on which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Diven] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Chairman, I suppose I need
not state to this House that since the assemblage
of this Congress at the extra session a principle
has been gathering strength that has divided the
councils of this House, and that has divided the
sentiments of this country. One side of the ques-
tion has been strongly represented upon this floor.
If the other side has remained quiet, I apprehend
it has not been because they have not been as
firmly rooted in their principles as the side that
has been more active. If we were to judge from
the debates which have occurred in this House,
it might be supposed that the Executive of this
country had no support from the party that ele-
vated him to power. All the attacks which have
been made upon the Administration have come
from the Republican side of this House, and all
the replies which have been made to those attacks
have come cither from the Democratic side of the
House, which opposed his elevation to power, or
from those who represent the border States, and
who really were neither for or against him in the
election.
Now, Mr. Chairman, T regret that this division
has been made; I regret that I feel obliged to rec-
ognize it; and I regret that I"feel a necessity for
speaking in defense of the Executive of this coun-
try, and in opposition to men who have professed,
and who still profess, to be his friends. 1-regret
it, because there is one set of opinions here that
favor the prosecution of this war for the para-
mount purpose of abolishing slavery throughout
the land. Somebody says, "Oh, no;" but that
gentleman is mistaken. I say there are such prin-
ciples avowed and advocated here.
There is another set of men here, among whom
I rank myself, who are in favor of prosecuting
this war m the spirit in which it was commenced
—for the purpose of restoring this Union to its
original position, and leaving all these States in
the possession of the same constitutional power
that they possessed before this rebellion. That
is the division tlu\t exists, and I regret that it has
been made and has to be met now. It ought not
to have been made now. Those men who want
to prosecute this war for the paramount purpose
of abolishing slavery, must know, if they know
anything, that they cannot attain their end until
they annihilate the rebel army that stands between
them and the slaves. We, also, who want to pros-
ecute this war for the restoration of the Union,
know equally well that we never can attain our
end until we annihilate that same army. Thus
far we are traveling upon the same joad. The
same force is to be overcome for the attainment of
cither end. Why, then, should we not unite all
our energies? Why, then, should we introduce
any disturbing clement to divide our councils or
distract our aims? Why should we not employ
those whole energies in obtaining a victory over
this common foe, and when that shall have been
: i attained, then determine what use we will make of
that victory? That is the spirit m which I should
have been glad that the affairs of this country
should have been conducted. And when the vic-
tory was won, and this wicked rebellion should
be wiped out, then how we should administer the
Governmentafterwards would be deliberately, pa-
tiently considered, and not, as now, in the face
of a formidable foe. But, sir, the element in this
Congress and in the nation that is for making this
war subservient to the purpose of the^abolition of
slavery, and who would not have this Union re-
stored to its old status, who would rather not have
this war ended than to have it ended without the
abolition of slavery, would not be quiet; they have
obtruded their opinions not only upon this House,
but they have obtruded them everywhere. When
we met here in July last, in special session, we
were united; we declared our determination to
prosecute this war simply for the restoration of
this Union, and when that was done to terminate
the war. That was our universal declaration.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. DIVEN. No, sir; I must say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that I am unaccustomed to
speak in assemblages like this; that I am not pre-
pared, like other members, with written notes;
that I have the chain of argumentin my mind that
I wish to pursue, and that no man can interrupt
without causing me some embarrassment. I wish
to be free from such embarrassment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no wish to embarrass
the gentleman. I wish to make a remark simply
in reference to the statement he has made, and not
in reference to his argument at all.
Mr. DIVEN. The gentleman from Illinois has
a most imploring and beseeching way.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply wish to correct the
gentleman's statement.
Mr. DIVEN. How long will it take?
Mr. LOVEJOY. About half a minute.
Mr. DIVEN. Well, I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply wish to correct the
statement, so far as I am concerned, which the
gentleman makes in regard to the fact that there
are those on this floor who are in favor of waging
this war with the purpose of abolishing slavery.
Mr. DIVEN. I do not yield for any such pur-
pose. I am as competent to judge of that question
as the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I only wish to deny it so far
as I am concerned.
Mr. DIVEN. I have not said that the gentle-
man from Illinois wished it. I have said no such
thing. I have said that such sentiments have been
avowed here, and, sir, the imposition of thatsen-
timent upon the public mind has been the most
active element at work in this country since tke
last adjournment of this Congress. Our tables
have been piled up with papers and documents
emanating from the same source, calculated to
inculcate this very doctrine. One of our public
institutions in this city is opened weekly for the
delivery of lecturcs by men engaged in the dis-
semination of that very sentiment, and speeches
have been made and sent forth to the world from
this Hall advocating that sentiment; and when
men have closed such speeches they have received
the congratulations of, I am sorry to say, too
many of the members of this House.
Mr. COX. I would like to correct the gentle-
man as to a matter of fact. I will not disturb his
argument. He speaks of one of our institutions
being opened weekly.
Mr. DIVEN. Well, I mean the Smithsonian
Institution. If that is not one of our institutions
then everybody knows how much I am mistaken.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will allow me to
say, that the lectures to which he refers are not
given under the auspices of the Smithsonian In-
stitution at all.
Mr. DIVEN. Now, I hope that out of consid-
eration to a modest young man, who is easily dis-
concerted,! shall not be interrupted again during
the progress of my hour. Sir, unless I have mis-
understood the sentiments of a number of mem-
bers of this House, unless I have entirely misun-
derstood the disposition of a large number of the
people of this country, under momentary excite-
ment, they do desire to make this war a war for
the abolition of slavery, and they mean to make
this the occasion to abolish slavery, regardless of
any considerations other than the accomplishment
of that object. True, sir, they differ about the
mode of action. Some of them admit that their
object cannot be constitutionally effected by Con-
gress. Others admit that in ordinary times it
cannot be done by Congress, but that in time of
war powers are vested in Congress by which they
can do anything; and they insist that as the insti-
tution of slavery lies at the root of this rebellion,
