1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
Mr. HALE. I should like to have that report
explained, whatever it is about.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a report on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the joint resolu-
tion of the Senate regulating the employment of
convicts in the penitentiary. The House struck
out the third section of the resolution, which set
free all soldiers within the jail by sentence of court-
martial. That has beeij provided for in another
bill, and we, therefore, concur in their amendment
striking that out. They also put in an amend-
ment abolishing the office of clerk in the peniten-
tiary. That they have receded from; so that the
resolution now stands with the first two sections,
as it originally stood.
Mr. HALE. Does it still leave soldiers in jail?
Mr. GRIMES. It leaves them, as they are pro-
vided for in the bill of the House of Representa-
tives on that subject, which has passed the ordeal
of the Committee on Military Affairs here, and, I
think, passed the Senate yesterday, or the day be-
fore. The whole subject is provided for in an-
other bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 524) prohibiting the confinement of per-
sons in the military service of the United States
in the penitentiary of the District of Columbia,
except as a punishment for certain crimes, and to
discharge therefrom certain convicts by sentence
of courts-martial, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the joint resolution of
the Senate (No. 99) releasing to the heirs-at-law
of Robert L. Stevens, deceased, all the right, title,
and interest of the United States in and to the
Stevens battery.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the jointresolution
of the Senate (No. 97) in relation to the law of
prize, with amendments; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 566) for the relief of Dr. William
Trcavitt; and
A bill (No. 577) to provide for the more prompt
settlement of the accounts of disbursing officers.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills of the House:
A bill (No. 518) transferring the western gun-
boat fleet from the War to the Navy Department;
and
A bill (No. 390) in relation to the competency
of witnesses in trials of equity and admiralty.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the Presidentpro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 202) requiring the commanders
of American vessels sailing to foreign ports, and
persons prosecuting claims, to take the oath of
allegiance;
A bill (S. No. 348) for the better government
of the Navy of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 350) to suspend temporarily the
operation of an act entitled " An act to prevent
and punish fraud on the part of officers intrusted
with making contracts for the Government," ap-
proved June 2, 1862;
An act (S. No. 376) to allow and pay to the
State of Missouri the amount of money expended
by said State in the arming and paying of troops
employed in the suppression of insurrection
against the laws of the United States;
< ' A bill (H.R. No. 355) to amend an act entitled
V {{ An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
approved December 21, 1861;
A bill (H. R. No. 369) for the relief of Robert
M. Evans; .
A bill (H.R. No. 503) to confirm and establish
a patent heretofore granted to Etienne Bernot;
dated July 24, I860, and to secure to George Sum-
merville Norris, the assignee of said patent, the
benefit of the full term for which said patent was
granted; and
A bill (H. R. No. 573) to impose an additional
duty on sugars produced in the United States.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were seveially read twice by their titles
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 566) for the relief of Dr. William
Treavitt—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 577) to provide for the more prompt
settlement of the accounts of the disbursing offi-
cers—to the Committee on Finance.
CUSTODY OF PRIZE MONEY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The House have just re
turned the joint resolution of the Senate in regard
to the distribution of prize money with a couple
of amendments. I move that the Senate take up
that resolution, and concur in the amendments of
the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments, of the House
to the joint resolution (S. No. 97) in relation to
the law of prize. The first amendment of the
House was, in line eight, to strike out the words
"within twenty days from," and to insert the
words " immediately after;" so that it will read:
That liereafter all moneys arising from the sale of prop-
erty under the prize laws of the United States, whether
under interlocutory or final dccree, shall be paid by the mar-
shal into the Treasury of the United Stales for safe-keep-
ing immediately after the day of sale, &c.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the resolution the following:
And no more shall be retained by any clerk for money
rfceived and paid over by him under tins resolution as
commissions or otherwise than one per cent, upon the first
.$1,000 in each case, and one fourth of one per cent, on the
excess above that Bum, not, however, to exceed $250 m
any case.
The amendments were concurred in.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
The Senate,'as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 110) explanatory of an act to sup-
press insurrection, to punish treason and -rebel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels,
and for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Powell to the amend-
ment of Mr. Clark, to strikeout the word "real"
before the word "estate."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am disposed to look
calmly and dispassionately at this question which
is presented for our consideration, and I am
sorry 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to know
from the Chair how I lost the floor? I gave way
to other gentlemen, to the Senator from Maine
distinctly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will yield the floor to
the Senator from Kansas, if he claims it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to beg pardon of the Senator from Kan-
sas. The Senator from Kansas is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Now, I have no ob-
jection to give way to the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I will wait.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I merely ask the Sen-
ate to allow me to give a reason for the vote I am
abouttogive, to my constituents. This President,
whom it is proposed to relieve, is the child of the
Republican party of the United States. So far as
I am concerned, I do not propose to injure my
own child, nor to prejudice him before the coun-
try; and I differ with the distinguished Senator
from Ohio as to the course he has pursued towards
this Senate. We have solemnly decided that the
interests of the country are to be advanced by an
adjournment of Congress to-muirow. As to our
child, as to our President, it seems to me he has
acted highly proper in communicating tq us
frankly his opinion. He differs from us as to the
constitutionality of this bill. So far as I am con-
cerned I do not proposethatour President shall vio-
late his own conscience to oblige us. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, so far as my constituents are concerned, is
better than the original bill. We have in Kansas
a larger proportion of rebel property than any
other State in this Union. The proposition of the
senator from New Hampshire will enable us to
obtain possession of that property for much less
money than under the original bill; and I am will-
ing to risk the intelligence and sagacity of my con-
stituents to obtain the balance, the fee. We pur-,
chase the life interest in the rebel property; and
the Legislature of Kansas will know how to pass
an occupation bill, by which they will obtain the
fee to every foot of-that land. 1 repeat to that con-
stituency, to this Senate,and to the country, that
so far as my constituents are concerned, the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire
will be a saving of money to them, and that under
it they will obtain the fee to as much rebel land
as under the original bill. As I stated the other
day, in this instance as in all others, I shall stand
by the officers of this Government, and sustain
them in this our darkest hour. I shall sustain the
President of the United States, and all others in
authority. After the war is over, after the rebel-
lion is crushed out, then I propose to hold them
to a strict accountability.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I said, I was disposed
to look at this question as far as I was capable of
doing it, dispassionately and calmly, and looking
at it as it is, so far as I am capablc of seeing it. i
think the Senator from Kansas has not discussed
the question that is before us. He speaks of
standing by the President. That is not the ques-
tion that is before us. We have a duty to per-
form. We are a legislative body. The Consti-
tution imposes upon us the passage of laws. The
approval of those laws is left to the President.
He may approve or disapprove any bill which
we pass. The Constitution points out the mode
by which that is to be done. Has it been done
in this instance? If the President does not ap-
prove of the bill we have passed on the subject of
confiscation, the Consiitution clearly points out
his duty; and the Senator from Kansas is no fur-
ther from attempting: to force the President to vio-
late his convictions of constitutional duty than I
am. I would not require the President to violate
the Constitution aa ne understands it. I would
not have him do so. Is that the question ? Is the
President of the United States a part of the legis-
lative body in any other sense than as possessing
the veto power? Was it in contemplation by the
fmmers of the Constitution that the President
should exercise an influence upon your vote in the
Senate on a bill that is pending in the Senate?
Was he to interfere with it at all, except by re-
turning the bill with his objections, and then it is
our duty to reconsider it?
Why speak of a collision which we are bring-
ing about with the President? Are we bringing -
about any collision ? If a collision is brought
about, does not the President bring it about in an
unconstitutional Way? The Senator from Maine
spoke of sa collision between Congress and the f
President. Have we brought about any such col-
lision ? Is it not our duty—I know the Senator
from Maine will so consider it—to pass bills which,
in our judgment, ought to be passed, leaving it
to the Executive to excrcisc his constitutional
prerogative of approving or disapproving those
bills? Shall it be said that we come in conflict
with the Executive because we do not go to him
and ask him whether a bill that is pending before
us would be acceptable to him ? I know that will
not be contended; and yet that is the effect of this
proposition. We are not coming in conflictwith
the Executive; but the Executive is brought in
conflict, in an unconstitutional way, and in a very
dangerous way, with Congress, 1 have no doubt
that the Sena tor from New Hampshire and the Sen-
ator from Maine areaccuratc in theirunderstand-
ing of the President's views; I have great confi-
dence in both those Senators being accurate in their
recollection of the conversation; but look at the
danger of the precedent. Some other bill may be
up, and a Senator who is not so exact in his lan-
guage as cither of those Senators may have a con-
versation with the President 
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon me for
interrupting him. If he refers to me, I have not
seen the President on the subject. I do no^tknow
anything about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed the Senator
from New Hampshire had.
Mr. CLARK. Other individuals; not me.
Mr, TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
saw him. It does notalter the point I was desiring
