THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
it never can be put down until that institution is
rooted out. Some put it upon the ground of a
high moral principle; some upon the ground of a
constitutional right; some, again, put it upon the
ground of military necessity; but all are urging
that, whether constitutional or not, it must be
done. Some are too learned to pretend that it is
constitutional. The gentleman from Kansas, [Mr.
Conway,] with a frankness that I respect,admits
that it cannot be done constitutionally, and he
contends that we must recognize the sovereignty
of the rebels, and treat them as a foreign independ-
ent nation, and then we can subjugate them and
exact from them any conditions we choose to im-
pose upon a subjugated State. But it seems to me
that the gentleman from Kansas forgets that if we
recognizc them as an independent people the world
must so recognize them, and that their being so
recognized by the world strengthens their hands,
and places us in an attitude entirely false to all the
pretensions upon which we began the prosecution
of this war.
There are others who hold that because these
southern men have departed from their allegiance
to the Government, therefore the States inhabited
by these men have forfeited their State rights—
that they have no constitutional rights—and that,
therefore, we arc not bound by any of the con-
stitutional obligations that are imposed upon us.
Have not such opinions as these oeen advocated
here? There is another set of men who advocate
the abolition of this institution of slavery upon
the ground that it has caused this war, and that
because it caused this war, therefore, in prosecut-
ing the war, we are justified in removing it, and
never shall be justified if we stop short of remov-
ing it. Have not such opinions as these been
advocated and insisted on here? Certainly, if I
have rightly understood the arguments of men,
they have been. Have gentlemen stopped to re-
flect where this doctrine would lead? Suppose
this war had been caused, as a war was once likely
to be caused, by the revenue duties, would we
never have terminated it without abolishing all
revenue duties? Suppose it had been caused by
arbitrary measures sought to be imposed by the
Catholic religion, or by any other sect—I mention
the Catholic as being the best defined sect in the
country—and suppose the nation was engaged in
putting down that war thus provoked, would it be
claimed that on that account the religion should
be wiped out? Sir, I am not comparing slavery
and religion; but I am answering the argument
that slavery, because it lies at the foundation of
the war, should therefore, in the prosecution of the
war, be eradicated. The mere fact that slavery
was the origin of the war of itself is 110 sufficient
reason why it should be destroyed.
But, sir, I wish to get to what is really the sub-
stantial issues between us—that is, how the Ad-
ministration proposes to prosecute this war, and
how those who differ with the Administration
would have the war prosecuted. After all, that
is the material question for our consideration. I
hope 1 maybe mistaken with regard to the senti-
ment which prevails here. I believe that some
majority, and I hope that a large majority of the
House, not only on theDemocraticside—ingrafted
with the conservative side of the Republicans—
but also on the Republican side, will be found
ranged in support of the Administration with re-
gard to this war. I hold it to be the doctrine, not
only of the Republican party, butof the President,
that the General Government has no power over
the laws of the States other than those which
were deliberately granted at the formation of the
Constitution. 1 hold that those powers cannot
be enlarged by any departure from fidelity on the
part of any portion of our citizcns. I hold that
if any of our citizens break through the whole-
some restraints of the Constitution, they can be
and ought to be punished, not in contravention
of, but in pursuance of the Constitution. I hold
that the Constitution gave all the power that is
nccessary to put down rebellion. It gives the
strongest arm of the Government to put it down
and crush it out.
Oh, how deluded must any man be who thinks
that any law of Congress can put clown this re-
bellion ! I would to Heaven it could. Long ere
this it would have been ended, if Congress had
the power, by legislative enactment, to end it. But
Congress has not the power. Ithas notthe power
to recognize the independence of these rebellious
States, and ought not to exercise it jf it had the
power. I desire, however, to draw a distinction
between rebellious States and rebellious people,
and to draw a distinction between a civil and a for-
eign war. In a foreign war, all the citizens of the
State with which we are at war are our common
enemies—no matter whether they are engaged in
the conflict or not. But, sir, in civil war, none are
our enemies but the persons who voluntarily em-
bark in the war; and the rules and usages of war
cannot apply to any other of the citizens than those
who are actually engaged in it. Even those who
may be forced into a hostile position by the rebel
power are just as much entitled to our protection,
although they may have their domicile in South
Carolina, as though their domicile may be in Con-
necticut. All laws applicable to the protection of
the property and persons of citizens of the United
States extend all over the United States. It makes
no sort of difference where the citizen may dwell,
he can say, " I am a citizen of the United States,
and I appeal to the protection of our Constitution
and our laws."
Now, sir, let us'see what power there is in Con-
gress. If 1 am right in my construction of the
source from which it derives its power, and of the
extent of that power, let us see what right Con-
gress has over the property and lives of citizens
who are not engaged in this rebellion. Let us see
what power it has over the reserved rights of any
State that "ever entered into the Union. It has
no power except what was conferred on it by the
Constitution. By the recognized law of nations,
t&e sovereign acquires, and can acquire, no new
jbower because some of his subjects rebel. In
support of this doctrine, I wish to read from a
recognized high authority on this point:
"The act of the people, [says Rutherforth,] however
injuiious it may be, will not increase the power of the sov-
ereign, or will not give him a right to any more power than
the constitution has given him.
41 For the sovereign power was originally vested in the
collcctive body of the society, called the people. The sov-
ereign cannot of right claim any greater part of it than the
people have granted to him by compact in forming the con-
stitution.
" When the people violate the conipaet on their side, it
is voidable at the sovereign's discretion.
" If he chooses to abide by it, lie has no right to any other
power than he derives troni it; and if He chooses to make
it void, instead of gaining a greater part of the supreme
power, he will lose what he has, and it will, as in the other
case, revert to the people.
" Thus, the people may claim to change the constitution
when the sovereign invades their part of the powei, wheieas
he can only claim to continue the constitution, though the
people should caubeles&ly and wiongfuliy invade his pan.
" This is the whole of hi* right, and no event whatsoever
can give him a more extensive light without the consent of
tiie people.
" [f the struggle between him and them should end in
civil war, and victory should declare itself on im side, yet
conquest will not of right increase his power, however
strongly we may put the ca^e in his. favor, by supposing the
breach of the constitution to have begun from the people
and the whole blame of the war rests upon them.
" For the use of force, though it should be superior to the
force opposed to if, only seivcs to support a right which
might otherwise have beenhmdeicd iroiy taking effect; it
does not produce a right where there was none before."
If the author be right, no act ofrebellion or dis-
loyalty on the part of any people, can enlarge the
grant of power in the Government. Victory or
no victory, it remains where it was. In the light
of that construction of our constitutional powers,
I say that any right which was leserved to any
State cannot beinfringed upon by the Government.
We cannot alter the domestic law of any State.
No state of war will authorize us to do it. No
success of arms will authorize us to do it. And
whenever we attempt to do it we violate our con-
stitutional obligations.
Now, sir, in regard to this right of interfering
with the laws of any of the States, connected with
their domestic relations, does any one pretend that
that right was ever claimed by this Government
till now that it is claimed under some mystic plea
called the war powei ? I have been denounced
here as pro-slavery. I have been called a rene-
gade from my Republican faith. But if there is
anything established in the Republican platform
of this country, it is that Congress has no power
over the laws of States. At the very formation
of that party in Philadelphia it was declared that
while we insisted that Congress had a right to pro-
hibit the extension of slavery, we as firmly in-
sisted that they had no right to meddle with it
where it did exist.
I was surprised the other day, at hearing the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] quoting
Abraham Lincoln in favor of the abolition of sla-
very, and appealing to know whether Mr. Lincoln
or this Congress would establish another rule on
that point, different from that which was dissem-
inated ever the plains of Illinois in 1858- No, sir.
I am for the same rule which Abraham Lincoln
disseminated emphatically in 1858. I am for the
same rule that was disseminated when the Rer
publican party was inaugurated in Philadelphia.
I am in favor of adhering to the same rule that
was more explicitly avowed at Chicago, when
Mr.Lincoln was putin nomination. I am forad-
hering to the same rule on which I stumped my
State and district in favor of Abraham Lincoln.
That doctrine emphatically is, that Congress has
no power over the institution of slavery in the
States where it exists. I was surprised to hear
the quotation from one of Mr. Lincoln's speeches
made as it was. Mr. Lincoln was met with it by
Mr. Douglas, just as it was quoted. He was met
with it by all the Democratic papers over the land,
just as it was quoted. It was circulated in the
South to stir up the people there against Abraham
Lincoln, and to lead to this rebellion. It would
not become this body for me to characterize it
here as I characterized it on the stump, as a most
unfair proceeding. You can take almost any book *
or writing or speech ancUby dividing paragraphs
you can prove the exact reverse of the sentiment
which the author intended to convey. x
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman allow
mc to ask him a single question ?
Mr. DIYEN. Yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do you wish to have it
understood that I misquoted?
Mr. DIYEN. No, sir; but the gentleman did
not quote enough. The quotation is right so far
as it goes. I will illustrate my proposition. At
a time when there was a warm debate in the Brit-
ish Parliament on the reform bill, a member closed
a fervent speech against reform by a hackneyed
quotation from Hamlet:
t: Rather bear those ills we have
Tiian fly to others that we know not of."
When he took his seat, another member rose
and finished the sentence:
" Thus conscience does make cowards of us all;
And thus the native hue of resolution
is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought;
And enteiprises of great pith and moment,
With this regaid, their currents turn awry,
And lose the name of action."
Thus showing Hamlet an advocate of reform,
instead of an advocate of stability.
That is the complaint I have to make, and when
I get through, if the gentleman wishes to correct
me, I will give him an opportunity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I shall be glad
of the opportunity.
Mr. DIVEN. I want first,'however, to show
how the gentleman quoted from Mr. Lincoln's
speech, and then show how he ought to have
quoted. The gentleman must have borrowed Itis
quotation from something besides Mr. Lincoln's
speech; he must have borrowed it from some
Democratic assault upon Mr. Lincoln. Mr. Lin-
coln did say that he believed this Union could not
exist part slave and part free, and that a house
divided against itself could not stand; that he be-
lieved it would all bccome free. But, mark you,
I ask the gentleman from Maine to mark that Mr.
Lincoln then added: "But 1 believe it will take
place in a perfectly constitutional way and by the
consent and action of the people where slavery
exists.'' That is what he said; but that is not what
the Democratic journals of the country quoted.
When Mr. Douglas was trying to make him out
an abolitionist, he would not add it, although Mr.
Lincoln never failed to correct him. Any man
who can read that debate between Mr. Lincoln
and Mr. Douglas from which this extract was bor-
rowed, will find that in every speech of Mr. Lin-
coln, both when he was catechised in the most
ingenious manner by Mr. Douglas and when he
was speaking upon nis own volition without any
catechism, he was always emphatic in declaring
that Congress, in his judgment, had no power to
meddle with slavery in the States. He most em-
phatically declared that he believed the southern
people were entitled to a fugitive slave law, and
he declared that he was not in favor of any amend-
ment to that law that would render it less efficient
in securing the right of the slaveholder to his slave
under the Constitution. He declared that he would
not be in favor of the abolishing of slavery in the
