1862,
THi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
first clause, that you shall get at the real estate
hy means of a fine. That never was a favorite
proposition of mine. I was opposed to it. I be-
lieve I moved in the Senate to strike it out, but the
Senate disagreed with me, and f acted on the prin-
ciple on which I have ever been acting, witling to
-concede to get the best bill I could, and I confess,
not having1 very clear ideas of what this clause in
the Constitution did mean', for X have had great
•difficulty in understanding^, and the very fact that
it is understood so differently by Senators, shows
that it is an obscure passage. As I understand
there is not now in the bill any provision for
^forfeiting the property of a traitor beyond his life
"-or for* any time except as it will grow otit of that
<first section. The other provisions of the bill for
seizing property relate to property that is cap-
tured by the Army where the person of its owner
•is not subjected to trial for treason or any other
offense.
The objection I have to the passage of this res-
olution, therefore, in the shape in which it is, is
-that it is introduced in—I do not sayan uncon-
stitutional way; it is perfectly competent for the
Senator from New Hampshire to offer an amend-
ment to a bill or resolution; but it is a violation
-orf the spirit of the Constitution which has pointed
•out the mode by which we are to ascertain the
views of the Executive; it is setting a dangerous
precedent; it will lead to taking the loose expres-
sions of the Executive for his settled constitu-
tional convictions. If the President of the Uni-
ted States, when he comes to write out his veto
■message, if he should undertake to veto it, would
•examine the bill and scan it, when he finds there is
no provision in it to forfeit the real estate of the
traitor who is tried for treason, beyond his life, I
think he would come to a different conclusion. I
•cannot believe that the veto message will ever reach
-us. I will not believe that a person so earnest and
sincere, so desirous to discharge his duty and his
wholeduty to the country, as 1 know the President
•of the United States to be, when he carefully ex-
•amines this bill of-such vast importance would
-come to the conclusion that his duty required him
to express his dissent. I cannot believe it, sir, and
I will not believe it until 1 see his message and the
reasons he shall give for it. I vastly prefer, there-
fore, that instead of passing this resolution to ob-
viate supposed objections, we should wait till he
•presents to the Senate in a constitutional form his
objections to the bill. The Senator from New
Hampshire will find me as ready as any man in
the Senate to meet those objections by obviating
them in some other bill, if they shall be thought
by the Senate to be sound; if they are not, then
it would be our duty to repass the bill.
I protest against its being said that the Senate
=is putting itself in collision with the President.
The President is brought into collision with the
Senate by this course of proceeding. It is not
•our fault, but it is the fault growing out of this
■informal, indirect, and, I think, very objection-
able mode of proceeding. By that I mean to cast
no censure on the Senator from Maine. I can
appreciate the patriotism that led him to visit the
President, for it was doubtless an unpleasant duty
-to him to go upon such an errand, and nothing but
a sense of public duty, 1 am persuaded, would
have induced him to go upon such an errand. I
appreciate all that; but, sir, I do no^t think that is
the way to get at the views of the President. I
>am sorry that he should be brought into these dis-
-cussions. I think we should never cite the opin-
ions of the President in regard to a pending meas-
ure with a view of influencing the action of Sen-
ators upon this floor. So far as the President
makes-official communications, messages, as itis
his duty under the Constitution, undoubtedly his
•suggestions should receive the attention, and will
receive the due consideration of every Senator.
When I say that we ought not to cite his opinions
to influence Senators, I mean opinions derived
from him in other than the constitutional form,
his private opinions, his casual declarations. It
is bringing'the Executive of the nation, as I think,
in a wrong position, to be compelled to discuss
him here in the passage of bills. I trust, sir, that
the Senate will not adopt the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I confess that I have listened to
& great deal that has been ^id on this occasion
with pain. I do not sympathize with those who
have any censure to cast upon, the President or
upon the members who have taken occasion to
3381
ascertain what his views are. I see nothing irreg-
ular or improper in it; but on the other hand, it
strikes me as being highly proper and highly
praiseworthy. Let us, in the first place, see if
there is anything the President has done that is
wrong. I do not understand that he has made any
suggestions to anybody. He had this confisca-
tion bill under consideration, and it was rumored
that there were doubts about its being signed.
Those rumors might have arisen from the fact that
the bill was so long in his hands without our re-
ceiving official notice of his approval or disap-
proval of it. In that state of things, some mem-
bers of the Senate, knowing that the close of the
session was near at hand and that this was an im-
portant measure, undertook to ascertain, if it were
possible, what the objections were, and with that
view frankly called upon the President and ascer-
tained. Certainly there can be nothing improper
imputed to the President in the proceeding thus
far. On the contrary, I think there is great credit
due to^his candor and frankness in stating what
his objections were.
I regret exceedingly that the President should
have stumbled at this bill upon thatabsurd dt)gma
of black-letter law which it seems sticks in his
mind; because although there are others who agree
with him, and notwithstanding the triumphant
vindication which the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] notified us a few days ago he
had made, and made so triumphantly that nobody
had gainsayed it since, 1 confess 1 still entertain
the same opinion upon it now that I did then; and
the Senate, by their vote upon the bill, affirmed
the same idea. I say 1 regret exceedingly that
the President should have stumbled there; buthe
has. It is no matter whether there is anything
. of the kind in it or not, provided he thinks so, and
is not disposed to agree to the bill. I think, there-
fore, there is nothing at all irregular in this; and
I think this is not the time nor the occasion for
the Senate to stand upon points with the Presi-
dent. Some call it standing upon their dignity as
a Senate. I do not think the President has in-
fringed the dignity of the Senate; and 1 will say
this in passing: whenever a body, and the same
may be said of an individual, undertakes very
scrupulously to nurse its own dignity, it will be
found that it is a poor bantling they are trying to
raise, generally speaking. A man's dignity is best
taken care of by his own character without mak-
ing any extraneous effort to defend it; and those
people \<ho take the greatest care to nurse their
dignity are generally those who have the least of
it. I do not think that the Senate need be afraid
that their dignity will be lowered by listening re-
spectfully to these suggestions.
Again, sir, 1 think the President, if we believe,
as I do believe, that he is eminently patriotic in
his purposes; that heis pure, upright, honest,and
honorable in his intentions, jp entitled to the re-
spect, the confidence, and the sympathy of both
Houses of Congress and of the public; and if we
believe that Jie has with honest purpose and an
earnest and faithful desire to discharge his whole
duty, come to the conclusion that he has upon this
bill, 1 think we are bound by every consideration
which can address patriotic minds to respect it;
and if we are aiming for the public good we should
try to conform our actions to what we know to
be the fact, instead of caviling at the manner in
which we found it out.
It is well known to those who take any notice
of what so humble an individual as I think or say,
that I do not concur with the President in this. 1
think he has made a mistake, and a wide mistake;
and I think it is owing to bad advice that he has
had upon the subject. I do not believe that his
unsophisticated mind could have become imbued
with such an absurd sophism if he had not been
advised by those whose legal knowledge or whose
legal erudition upi>n this subject is an evidence
that—
" A little learning is a dangerous thing/'
I think if the President had been no lawyer at
all, but a good, sound, sensible man, or a very
learned lawyer—if he had been either extreme—
he would have gone wide of this mistake. But,
sir, I agree that whether it is right or wrong, if
the President has acted honestly, honorably, pa-
triotically about it, and we have ascertained this,
and we reatiy and earnestly desire to pass a con- i
fiseation bill, we must take this, and take it with
this amendment that will obviate this difficulty;
and no matter whether the Senator from Maine
said it or not, I will say it now,, though it will
not h^ve so much force as it would if he had said
it, that we must take this bill or nothing.
Mr. TRUMBULL.' Why? •
Mr. HALE. I will tell (the Senator why, Jf
it comes here with a veto, I have no idea that we
can pass it by a two-thirds vote over his head. I
have seen bills pass through this Senate by a vote
of three to one; yes, five to one; they were vetoed
and came back; the executive magnet had reached
some members, and the four fifths dwindled down
to two thirds. The iirst vote is no criterion by
which you can judge what will be the ultimate
vote. The day of adjournment is fixed for to-
morrow, and it is too late to introduce a new bill
jand pass it.
Now, sir, my dignity is not offended at all, not
the slightest, by this course. In fact, I am obliged
to the gentlemen who have taken this course. I
am obliged to my colleague. I differ with him on
this subject, as he knows very well; but I think
his course upon this subject, in this stage of the
case—I am not going to indorse everything—has
been eminently wise and patriotic. I hope the
Senate will take what J conceive to be a common-
sense view of the matter, and concur in the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment moved by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. 1 desire the yeas and netyson
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 31; as follows:
YEA —Messrs. Dnvts, Henderson, Powell, Saulsbury,
Stark, and Wilson of Missouri—6.
NAYS—Mesons. Amliony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Doolittle, l'Yssenderi, Poor, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Il.uian, Hair^j EI own id, llowe, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lmip of Knn«a^, MoDougall, Morrill, 1'omeioy, Sherman,
Simmons, Sumner, TeirEvek, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wriglit-:—31 •
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] to the joint reso-
lution of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, the bill in ques-
tion, as it has passed both Houses of Congress,
provides for the seizure and condemnation of the
property of rebels in two ways: first, where the
traitor has been proceeded against personally and
convicted. In that case, the first section of the
bill provides that a fine may be imposed upon
him, arid that ins property may be sold for the
paymentof thatfine. His wholeestatein the realty
may, under the provisions of that section, be di-
vested. Thfi Senator from Illinois thinks that pro-
vision is unconstitutional,and yethe has supported
the bill and desires to have it a law! He thinks
that, under the provisions of that.section, only
the life estate can be divested. So the President
thinks. Thus far they agree.
  No w there is another pro vision of that bill which
the Senator from Illinois does not seem to under-
stand. He has stated that it is provided in the
bill that the real estate of the rebel may be seized
by the Army, and made a prize or capture of war.
The Senator is mistaken about that. The seventh
section of the bill provides that where the pro-
ceeding is not against the rebel in personam, where
there are no personal proceedings against him, his
estate may be seized by the Government by a
proceedinginrem^ and condumned and sold. The
President thinks that thatproceedingin rem against
the property instead of the person is equally un-
constitutional with the other; and I am not sure
that the Senator from Illinois would not thinkso.
It is accomplishing indirectly what the first sec-
tion accomplishesdirectly, in myjudgment. The
one is a judgment in rem against the property, the
other is a judgment in personamt accompanied
with a fine under which the property is sold. The
Senator from Illinois and the Piesident differ
widely in respect to this. The principle is the
same. The Senator has entirely misapprehended,
at least it would seem so from the remarks he has
made, the scope and the extent of the provisions
of this bill in regard to proceedings in rem. If I
understand the bill, the seventh section of the bill
provides for the seizure of rebel property where
-there are no proceedings against the person, not
by the Army merely? but by proceedings insti-
