2422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
of a majority of tin; committee. I feel bound to
state to "the Senate that it was the recommendation
of a very small minority of the committee, a vast
majority preferring some other plan. That I feel
warranted in saying. If the Senate is going to
act on this measure, as I generally act on the prin-
ciple of following1 the reports of committees, they
will go a wild goose chase if they follow the ma-
jority in the direction that this bill goes,
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the Senator speaks
of that, it is welt enough to have it understood.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to explain why
it was reported.
Mt\ FESSENDEN. When the bill was before
the committee, we were notified that one gentle-
map had a plan of his own which he was elabo-
rating and would lay before the committee. "We
were notified that another gentleman had some
amendments, pretty thorough and radical ones, to
make, and he did not agree with the first-named
gentleman. We were aware that a third gentle-
man did not like the general plan, and had no
• opinion of his own, and we found out that afourth
was doubtful, neither of them showing any plan
to the committee. The result was that we re-
ported the one we have submitted. Wc had a
great many doubts, a great many shakings of the
head, a great many 44 don't knows;" but we did
nothearanythingdefinite. Thatisjusttheamount
of it; and now I am bound to say that, take any
plan which any member of the committee brings
forward here, and it will be a great deal further
from being the report of a majority than the one
we did report.
Mr. SIMMONS. Perhaps it will. The Sena-
tor says there was no member of the committee
who submitted any plan. I happen to know of
one—it is not necessary for me to call him by
name—that had a plan, and proposed to submit
it as many as tinee times, ana was finally jostled
off, as i thought, very improperly. I thought I
ought not to embarrass those members of the com-
mittee who were devoting their whole time and
energies to the ronsiderationof this subject. They
were impatient about having their attention divid-
ed, and I preferred to let it go alone.
Mr. MCDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island to yield to me for a moment. I un-
derstand the chairman in his remarks to refer to
myself as one of ihe persons who proposed a jud-
ical change in the measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said there was one Sen-
ator who had a plan of his own which lie pro-
posed to submit, and did not submit.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand that, and
then I understand the Senator to sav that none
of them prepared measures, and nothing was pro-
duced. 1 will say to the Senate, as a member of
the committee who has undertaken to present an
entirely different proposition, that, at the request
of the chairman, who objected to any discussion
of a different pioposition, until we matured the
bill^ sent trom the House of Representatives, in
which wo all acquiesce, I consented not to bring
forward the proposition or argue it to the commit-
tee. But when they had got through their dis-
cussions, I was there, before any vote was taken
upon the bill, with my substitute, in the shape in
which it has been printed; eitid then, at the re-
quest ot the chairman, I voted with him to report
the bill, with the understanding that my proposi-
tion should be primed at the same time as a sub-
stitute, and that J should offer it as a substitute.
My bill was there, but the chairman himself ob-
jected to its being considered in committee. I
wish to say this, lest it might be understood that
I, in committei, was not prepared to move a
scheme for consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wc were notified by the
honorable Senator from time to time that he would j
have aplanmatured. It is hardly parliamentary to j
talk about what took j>lace in committee; but I am
perfectly willing that it should be known, and so
are vye all. The Senator told us from time to time !
that he was investigatingthe subject; that he was i.
looking into the philosophical principles of it, and i.
he occasionally started, while wo were in discus- i
sion upon this bill, with that matter. I told him I
very distinctly that when he brought his plan be- ■'
fore the committee, I should be ready to Consider !|
it; but not to discuss general principles until I
saw the plan. 1
f ^rjvfV 1 gentleman j
from Maine whether 1 was not there with my bill I
prepared as soon as we had amended the bill sent
to us from the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly ,on the very last
day, when we got through; but it was not ready
before that time.
Mr. SIMMONS. I fear I shall begin to forget
what I was talking about.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I wish to have a full
explanation of this matter. There is no dispute
between the Senator from California and myself.
He is perfectly correct in saying that 1 objected
to considering any bill which was not brought be-
fore the committee, and when he did bring his
bill in at the time we got through with the House
bill, I suggested that I would rather he should
offer it in the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Did not the chairman
suggest that we should not consider any other
measure until we had matured the amendments to
the bill sent from the House of Representatives ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably.
S?Cr. McDOUGALL. Then I presented my
measure at the earliest day.
Mr. SIMMONS. I make no compl aint what-
ever, and I suppose the Senator from Maine does
not consider me as making any complaint. I
make this explanation in order that the Senate
may know that there was at no time a majority
of the committee in favor of this particular plan
of taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Andat no time was there
ever more than one in favor of any other plan.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know there was more than
one, and more than a majority voted in favor of
one plan, but I will not have any dispute about
that. I do not wish to have any dispute with my
colleagues of thecommittee ifl cangetalong with-
out it. J have tried to avoid that all along. I was
saying that 1 intended to present the geneisl rea-
sons I had for preferring some other plan to that
presented in the bill, and I will confine myself
now to the one I have submitted to the Senate in
contrast with the bill presented from the Commit-
tee 011 Finance.
Now, I say, whether this bill was designed to
be so or not, and I do not suppose it was designed
to lie so, it is a measure the operation of which
will be directly m favor of the wealth of the coun-
try at the expense of the producing classes of the
country, and I can demonstrate it to any man <
who will hear me. The bill was not designed to ;
be so, but in my deliberate judgment it is in the j
interest of wealth as against the interest of indus- |
try, and I shall be very sorry to see the Senate
adopt any such plan of taxation. I do not believe, i
if they could see it as I think I can see it, the Sen- I
ate or House of Representatives would ever adopt j
any such plan. In order to demonstrate that, 1 j
will merely call the attention of the Senate to the |
provisions in this bill in reference to the income !
tax. That, as everybody knows, is a tax laid j
upon the accumulations of past earnings, notupon I
the current receipts of industrial pursuits. If you j
examine the provisions of this bill you will find I
that by it the operation of the income tax is post- |
poned until the year 1863 and then there is a pro- i
vision that it shall continue in lorce only until the
year 1866, whereas all the other taxes are perpet- !
ual in their nature; the direct tax and every tax '■
upon industry as the bill came from the House j
has no limitation whatever. Anybody can see the !
difference in the character of these taxes and in the i
conduct of the House of Representatives in refei- j
ence to them. I do not believe they thought of i
that. They floated along into this current with- I
out happening to think of it; but so it is. Last
year we undertook to collect $20,000,000 by adi- ;
rect tax upon the States, and those of the States
which have not paid their quota we are about to ;
make pay. Most of them have assumed the tax [
themselves. The income tax which we laid last I
summer was supposed to be about equivalent to 1
that. It was talked over then in a special com- !
in it tee, and we thought that certainly there ought to {
be as much put upon the incomes of the wealthy !
as upon the direct property of the citizens at large, j
That direct tax has been collected, and in most j
part paid o^erin the form of State claims upon the !
Government, bat the income tax has not been j
touched at all. They do notproposetogetany for ]
1862, but they postpone that tax until the year j
1863,and then it is to begin to operate.
Then there is another singular course of prac- [
t.ice in this bill,all having the same effect, though '
perhaps not intended to have it. I do not charge
anybody with intending to have that effect ill tins
regard; but in reference to the income tax, and
almost all pursuits, the hill only makes imposi-
tions upon income or upon business yieldino-over
sixhundred dollarsa year, intending by the whole
theory of the bill that an amount sufficient fo sup-
port a family ill a moderate way should be exempt
from taxation. That is the general theory of the
bill; but if you look into it, you will find that here
are taxes upon all the ordinary forms of invest-
ments by ordinary men in railroad bonds, insur-
ance stocks, bank stocks, and savings banks.
Men of small means hardly ever put into a sav-
ings bank an amount that will bring the half of
$600 a year. In our State we do not let anybody
putin more than $5,000; but taxes are imposed
upon the dividends, the receipts, and earnings of
the various institutions where the industrial classes
place their little earnings in order to get interest
upon them. All these receipts are taxed three per
cent., no matter if the amount does not come to
throe dollars, whereas with the wealthy §600 is
invariably exempted. I do not know whether
those who drew the bill thought of this, but it
only shows that where you come to tax those
whose wealth looms up prominent, there seems to
be a disposition to relieve them in all forms pos-
sible; and whenever you come to these little items,
no matter whether they are half enough or quar-
ter enough to support a family, the tax is put on
at once without any of these exemptions.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator quits that
topic, I ask him how in point of fact we can tax an
income for the present year. Must we not wait
for the expiration of the year, that is until 1863,
in order to find the income to tax?
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator will find in my
proposition that I have made provision to cover
that matter. 1 extend the time fixed by the law
of August last, from the 1st of July to the 1st of
October, 1869. Is there not time, to assess an in-
come tax between now and October for the year
1862? The fiscal year commences on the 1st of
July; and we can make this year's income tax
payable in that fiscal year, and then go on regu-
larly, have the income tax for 1863 payable on the
1st July, 1863, and so on. I do not mean to let
§40,000,000 escape. It,would be a very conveni-
entsum to get into theTreasury this year, and we
shall need it as much this year as next.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to get it if we
can.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is no more difficulty
about getting it than other taxes People have
the money. If a man's income is over §600 he
would have to pay from $21 up, according to the
amount of his income. It is the most reliable
source of revenue there is.
I have mentioned these peculiarities in this bill
in order to show precisely the current vein of
thought that seems to have run through it, not
with a view of oppressing anybody; I do not be-
lieve it was so designed; but it happens to be
drawn so.
I have already referred to our receipts from cus-
toms. I have some general propositions about
the way of ascertaining the receipts from customs.
It is much less trouble, to get. the duties collected
at the city of New York than to scramble all over
the country for late returns from the Pacific coast
and from distant points. I have taken the receipts
in the city of New York for a number of years,
and I have found them to amount to five eighths
of the receipts in the whole country. I have a
statement of the different years here, but I do not
mean to read it, for 1 can remember the figures.
During the last five years before this rebellion
began, ending with 1860, the duties collected in
the city ofNewYork were $208,000,000. Those in
all the other parts of the Union were $126,000,000.
Now, if anybody will divide §208,000,000 by five,
he will find that $41,000,000 will come out; and if
he divides §126,000,000 by three, $41,000,000 will
come out, leaving some little fractions. I have
never known a return amounting to §1,000,000
but there would be some little ndds and ends of
figures at the end. I go by millions when I cast
up revenues. So you see for five years that rule
prevailed. It was a fair rule to go by. If you
take that basis now, as I said before, we are get-
ting revenue at the rate of over §80,000,000 a year
for the whole country, and have been since the
1st of April, so that this year's income is going
