1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3383
ening the sympathies of mankind,-and securing the
favor of a benevolent God. The infamous order
No. 3, which has been such a scandal to the Re-
public, is now rescinded. The slave everywhere
can hope. Beginning to dojustice to the oppressed,
we shall at last deserve success.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, under the
circumstances which surround us,and considering
the nearness of the close of the session, and the
consequent difficulty of the Senate reviewing its
action upon this important measure, I shall feel
constrained to vote for this joint resolution giving
a construction to the bill commonly called the con-
fiscation bill, and also for the amendment offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire. I do this,
however, under the strong belief, derived from as-
surances given me from sources entitled to my
entire respect, that unless this constructive reso-
lution shall be passed there is great danger, not to
say certainty, that the confiscation act will be
returned to the House in which it originated with
a veto from the President. Language scarcely
enables me to express the feelings of deprecation
with which I contemplate that contingency. I
foresee that should it happen, it would create a
most serious embarrassment in the prosecution
of the existing war; that it would tend greatly so
to divide opinion and so to arrange parties in the
free States that it would be extremely difficult, not
to say impossible, that all the energies of the loyal
people of the United States shall be used for the
suppression of this rebellion. Rather than jeop-
ard the bill now in the hands of the President,
and seeing these dangers thickening before me,
and anxious toavoid them,andanxious especially
that we should have a united North in the sup-
pression of this rebellion, I must waive any pride
of opinion which, under other circumstances, and
in peaceful times, might induce me to vote against
this measure, at such a moment as this.
Mr. President, it is not disguised that the joint
resolution, taken in connection with the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, does introduce very material modifications
into the original confiscation bill. It emasculates
that bill in some degree. In the first provision
of the joint resolution it is declared that the terms
of the confiscation act shall not apply to any act
committed by any person previous to the passage
of the act itself.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
state to him a fact or two in regard to that, if he
makes any question upon that point?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly; I shall be very
happy to hear the Senator.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that modification
was made at the suggestion of some of our Union
friends in Tennessee. I understand the fact to be
that some thorough Union men are still holding
office as judges there. 1 have heard of one instance
where a judge was pulled from the bench by a se-
cession mob. The people afterwards elected him
as a Union man, and put him on the bench. It
was said by some of our friends it was liable to
that objection, and rather than to have the objec-
tion made when they wenthome, they desired this
explanation to be made.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I have no fault
to find with them on that account. But I was pro-
ceeding to remark, Mr. President, that both the
joint resolution in that respect, applyingit to future
acts and to them only, and the amendment offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire, declaring
that the forfeiture shall only be for the life of the
offender, are based upon this assumption: that the
whole proceeding is a judicial proceeding; or, in
other words, the amendments imply that there is
notunder the Constitution any power in Congress
when waging a foreign or domestic war to resort
to the ordinary process of seizure and confiscation
and the treatment of the property as prize of war.
While 1 say I shall vote for this resolution, and
for the Senator's amendment, I do it with the earn-
est protestation that I do not concede the principle
which it seeks to establish. It falls far short of
my idea of the scope and efficiency of the Federal
Constitution. I hold that under the power of mak-
ing and carrying on war, under the power of using
the military force of the country for the purpose
of suppressing insurrection, Congress has full
power to resort to confiscation, to emancipation,
or any other means or instrumentality known to
the code of war, either ancient or modern. I do
not, therefore, wish to beunderstood, while I vote
for this joint resolution, that I yield one single
particle of the principle which I have advocated so
often in this body on this subject. I do it, as the
lawyers say, protestando. I do it under the pres-
sure of what I regard a necessity; and as such I
feel compelled to submit to it.
I hope, sir, that with this amendment, the Pres-
ident will see fit to approve the confiscation act.
I not only hope it, but I give my vote under the
expectation that he will approve it; and if in this
he shall disappoint me, it will be to me, I confess,
a most grievous disappointment. My friend from
Illinois, and another Senator, have asked where
in the history of this Government has a case oc-
curred where Congress has passed an explana-
tory act, or an act modifying a bill which had al-
ready been placed for approval in the hands of
the President of the United States. Fortunately
for the honor of Congress, and for the honor of
the nation, and for the privilege of the two Houses,
those cases are very few; but there is not a posi-
tive absence of precedent on this subject, let me
assure my friend from Illinois. I have a most
distinct recollection that while 1 was a member of
the other House, twenty years ago this blessed
summer, Congress, with great unanimity, had
passed a bill of the utmostimportance to the coun-
try, a bill necessary for supporting the credit of
the Government, and maintaining our finances,
and that while that bill was in the hands of John
Tyler, President of the United States, it crept out
that he was dissatisfied with some of its provis-
ions, and assurances were given to certain mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, and to the
Senate, that in case Congress would modify that
bill in some respects, so as to make it agreeable to
John Tyler, Esq., he would not fail to approve
it as it would pass the two Houses. In humble
obedience to that distinguished individual, Con-
gress consented to modify their legislation, and to
pass a bill precisely as it had come from his hand
m his own hand-writing. We passed it. The
bill was placed in the hands of John Tyler, and
John Tyler vetoed that same bill, whereupon is-
sued the death of the Whig party. I refer to this
ancient fact in order that it may be known in an-
other quarter, and generally to the country.
Mr. CLARK. I hope we shall now have a
vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire?
Mr. CLARK. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out the words "or pro-
ceedings," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"for treason;" so that it will read, "nor shall
any punishment for treason under said act be so
construed," &c.
I do not desire to do anything more than sim-
ply to state the effect of the amendment. If that
amendment be adopted, the provision will be that
the punishment for treason shall not take the real
estate of any person beyond his life, saying noth-
ing about the taking of real estate for any other
offense. I think that removes all the constitu-
tional difficulty, and it will be for the courts to
decide. I should like the Senator from New
Hampshire himself to see if it does not meet the
case precisely. It will then be for the court to
decide. If the ease is treason, of course you can-
not take his property beyond his life; and that is
the clause in the Constitution: that no attainder
of treason shall work corruption of blood or for-
feiture beyond the life of the person attainted.
Now, if we confine this to treason, we meet that
constitutional provision. If the other clauses of
the bill that provide for punishing rebels with a
fine relate to treason, and the courts so hold, then
you cannot take the property there. It seems to
me it would cover the whole controversy in point.
Mr. COLLAMER. A proceeding in rem.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, a proceeding in rem.
If a person is tried by a judicial proceeding, you
cannot take the property there. It will be a ju-
dicial question to decide. There will be no diffi-
culty tiien in proceedings in rem, because if that is
a punishment for treason, that would not, under
this provision, take it beyond life. I hope that
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the amendment to the
amendment will not be made. The amendment
was carefully framed to meet a particular object,
and I Jiope it will not be modified.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] on which the yeas and.
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer. Cowan, Doolittle, Fcssendcn, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
rill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Davis, Grimes, Harlan, Ken-
nedy, Kins,_Lani! of Indiana, Powell, Saulsbury, Stark,
Trunibuli, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Mis-
souri—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate;
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CLARK. I offer the further amendment
which I mentioned:
.■2nd be it further resolved, That the words granting an
amnesty in the thirteenth section of said act shall be so
construed as to authorize the President to restore to the of-
fender any property which may have been seized and con-
demned under any of the provisions of the act, or the pro-
ceeds thereof.
The section of the bill to which this refers is in
these words:
" That the President is hereby authorized, at any time
hereafter, by proelamation, to extend to persons who may
have participated in the rebellion in any State or part thereof
pardon and amnesty with such exceptions, and at such time
and on such conditions, as he may deem expedient for tile
public welfare."
It ^as doubtful whether that would authorize
him,if he found a man to beinnocentanddeserv-
ing, to have his property restored, to return it to
him, and that is the object of the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. If I understand the propo-
sition of the Senator from New Hampshire cor-
rectly, it would enable the President to direct the
capture of property which may have been sold to
innocent purchasers, and to divest them of their
title.
Mr. CLARK. I do not so understand it. It
gives them the proceeds after it has been sold;
that is nil.
Mr. HOWARD. It seems to me, if we have
gone so far 
Mr. CLARK. I withdraw it if any objection
is made.
Mr. HOWARD. I do object.
Mr. CLARK. I do not want any fuss about
it. I withdraw it.
The join tresolution was ordered toa third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
POLICE CONTINGENT FUND.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The specia^
order of the day recurs.
Mr. GRIMES. The Chair will remember there
was a joint resolution taken up this morning and
informally laid aside, and this other business has
been pushed in in place of it. It will not take a
moment; it is a mere local matter relating to the
District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is understood that
it does not postpone the special order, I will not
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, the special order will be temporarily
passed over for the consideration of the resolution
indicated by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. CARL1LE. I object. I want the bill that
was up last night considered.
Mr. GRIMES. This joint resolution is enti-
tled to precedence. It was taken up and laid aside
informally early in the morning. It is only in
regard to the police here. It requires merely to
be read and be concurred in.
Mr. CARLILE. Will it give rise to debate ?
Mr. GRIMES. If it does, I shall withdraw it.
Mr. CARLILE. I withdraw the objection.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) requiring
the superintendent of the metropolitan police to
pay^over certain moneys collected for fines and
penalties, to constitute a contingent fund for cer-
tain purposes, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct thesuperintend-
ent of metropolitan police of the District of Co-
lumbia to pay over all such moneys as may be
paid to him under the act of Congress entitled
"An act to provide for the payment of fines and
