1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1468
melodeon,or piano forte,or any other instrument
used for the purpose of family music. Why, sir,
there is not an article of household furniture that
you may not more properly tax. I do notknow
but the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means would be in favor of taxing cradles.
[Laughter.] I can think of nothing else in the
way of household furniture that would come in
the same category.
i move my amendment in good faith, and hope
it will be adopted, fori can see no reason in the
woi Id why the piano forte or other musical instru-
ment of small value used in the family should be
tax od.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so that all musical instruments not valued
at over $10() shall be exempt from taxation.
Mr. DELANO. If it were in order, I should
like to amend that proposition by providing that
it shall not include hand-organs.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I should have included that,
except out of kindness tomyfnend over the way.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope wcshall have no mote
of these propositions offered, but that the vote will
be taken upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Horton.] I can see no reason
why these musical instruments should not be con-
sidered as luxuries. If they are enjoyed in the
family, there is no reason why the family should
not pay for them. A cradle may be an article of
luxury, too, and it is suggested that it is an in-
strument fiom which music proceeds. [Laugh-
ter.] But, sir, I think that of ail things in the woi id
these musical instruments winch rich people, or
those in good circumstances generally buy, ought
to pay their proportion of tax. I hope, theivfoi e,
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio will
be adopted in the form in which it was proposed;
and for the puiposeof stopping further debate
upon it, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
 3o the committee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particuhuly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending section of the tax bill close in one
minute afiei the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itselt into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,^
for the purpose of resuming the consideration ot
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee ot
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pa/ interest on the public debt.
Mr. Lovejoy's amendment to the amendment
was dtsagieed to.
Mr. NOBLE. I move that in all cases where
the instrument is valued above $600, the tax shall
be one per cent, ad valorem. I make this motion,
because when I spoke a few moments since, I was
told that the amendment of my colleague [Mr.
Horton] would tax these instruments one per
cent., which I find is not done beyond the value ot
$600.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must state to
the gentleman that debate is out of order.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to amend by adding
to the amendment proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means, " harps of a thousand strings,
live dollars." [Laughter.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. VAN HORN. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding to it the following:
Provided, That no tax shall bo laid upon any musical
instrument mentioned in this section, used in churches or
places of public worship.
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by inserting at
the end of line eighteen, in schedule A, as fol-
lows:
Pleasure or racing vessels known as yachts, whether
propelled by sails or steam, valued at not more than $600,
live dollars j valued at more than $600, and not exceeding
$1,000,ten dollars; and for each additional$1,000in value,
ten dollars.
I will state the object of the amendment in a
single word.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the consent of the com-
mittee to make a short statement.
The CHAIRMAN. The House has ordered
the debate to be closed, and the committee could
not, even by unanimous consent, allow it to pro-
ceed.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
by adding, u pleasure sleighs valued at fifty dol-
lars or over, one per cent, ad valorem."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair doubts whether
the amendment is in order while the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is pending,
as an amendment to his amendment.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Davis was
agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I now submit my
amendment.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " valued at fifty
dollars or over." ^
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman from
Indiana had better withdraw his amendment, or
insert "pungs and lumber boxes, at ten cents
each," for they are the same kind of vehicles.
Mi. WHITE, of Indiana. It being competent
for the gentleman to move an amendment to the
amendment, 1 leave him to do it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HORTON moved to amend by striking
out " twenty dollars," and inserting "ten dol-
lars," in the paragraph, " billiard tables kept for
use, twenty dollars."
Mr. PENDLETON moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " ten dollars"and inserting
" five dollars."
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. BABBITT moved to increase the tax to
twenty-five dollars.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. Houton's amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, moved to add the
following proviso:
Prodded, Tliiit bilhaid tables not kept for hire shall be
taxed oul> ten dollais.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAKE. I move the following amend-
ment:
From and after the 1st dav of May, 3862, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid by any person or persons own-
ing, possessing, or keeptngadog of any kind, a tax for each
and e\eiy dog so owned or kept, one dollar.
In support of that amendment, I ask the Clerk
to read a communication which I have received
from h gentleman from Payson, Illinois, on the
subject of taxing dogs.
The Clerk read, as follows:
One war tax desirable in itself.
1. While the necessities of the nauondemandthatevery
souice of revenue should be made to contribute us full
quota, there is one tax for which there are many and press-
ing demand*. Tins is a tax upon dogs. A tax of one dol-
lar on male and tlnee dollar.-' on female dogs, besides pay-
ing a day's expense:® of the nation oy a stroke of the pen,
would secure othei most desuabie results. In the newer
section^ of the land, the faimei* aie constantly harassed by
3 throng of worthless dogs; many of them wholly wild,
others harbored here and theie,and others rai&cd in groups
bv the nio-t shiftle?-s families. For a large paitof their
subsistence they forage upon domestic animals, chiefly
: sheep. The kno'wk-dge of the wor-t habits of plunder often
! will not induce theownei tokii! one, while the kilhngone
1 on suspicion i«. Umouslv resented In all those icgions
I where sheep are most needed to ck-at and clean and e ub-
' due and iinpio\ e the land, it is impiacticabletokoep them,
! a*, unless constantly watched, ihey are suie to be toin in
pieces. The fanners of tne West need protection from tins
' mtolei.iblc nuisance. A suitable tax would speedily abate
j it. It would add probably $2,000,000 to the i eveuue, as one
! person in every ten or fifteen might still keen a dog. In
I large* prcfpoition than any other tins tax will come from
secessionists, as they all—cur, wolf, spaniel, and hound-
have a strong affinity forthe canine race.
2. A tax would secure the immediate slaughter of the
most worthies? curs. This would tend to the put Uy-and
excellence of the rest, and promote theirvalue for hunting,
herding, and protection.
3. Thisslaughter would diminish poor rates and demands
on charity, and increase the comforts of many of the most
destitute families, as the most shiftless have the most dogs
about them.
4. It would remove the only obstacle to the general keeping
of sheep m the Northwest. In many sections sheep would
yield a handsome profit, if raised like swine or cattle, for
their flesh, leaving the wool a clear gain. A man can keep
all he can herd. They are greatly needed in a new country
to help subdue the wild plants, to keep the cleared land
from growing up to biush, and to restore to the soil the
waste of cultivation. On many farms a small flock can be
kept without diminishing othei products. The hogeholera
and the closing of the southern markets have crippled many
farnieis, and they aie eagerly looking for some new source
of piofit to enable them to bear the burdens of the war.
The able-bodie*d young men are In the Army, and some-
thing is needed with less of hard work than grain requires.
The loss of the cotton, and the demands of the Govern-
ment, make wool higher than ever in proportion to other
products. Sheep demand oversight and eaie and very little
haid work. Wool is easily minketed, commands a leady
sale for cash, and will bear transportation any distance. By
the aid of sheep, the soldier's family, or the family which
has sent all its help to the Auny, may cairy on the farm,
and prevent the vacant fields from hems wholly overrun
with brush and weeds. The care of them will furnish em-
ployment to the disabled or wounded soldier, and enable
him at once to locate his quarter section.
It is the genius of our institutions to protect the rights of
all, and to give the utmost freedom in the pursuit of a 
laudable avocations. Here is an employment within the
reach of all, even the poor, the maimed, and the ignorant—
pleasant, profitable, useful—from which large sections,
which have given their men most freely to the war, are
virtually excluded by an untaxed nuisance.
5. An increase of wool would assist in bearing the bur-
dens of the wai. It would assist the western farmer to
maiket his stiavv piles and coarse grains ; it would sfFoid a
j mai kct An eastern sheep; it would add to the taxable vaiuo
I and pioductions of western laiuN ; it would furnish wool
I for home woikmg to innumerable families; it would sub
i stitute wool foi cotton and shoddy in many products, thus
I Icssenfaig our dependence and outgoes ; it would stimulate
| our woolen manutaetmeH, and lessen their dread of a crash
• at the rem. i of pr ice and cotton. Itwonld also lessen the
I expense ot clothing forth*' Army, while improving qual-
ity by the «.uperioriiy of home-giown wool. It would lessen
our dependence on foreign woo! and our danger from a
check to its impoitation by a foreign wai. No one who 1ms
not given attention to the eubject'ean have any adequate
idea of the desiiablencssof sheep husbandry to the western
farmer, or the absolute prohibition ot it by the throng of
woiihlfss cuis. There is nothing else so combining ease,
safety, profit,sure maiket, and quick returns, and requiring
so little capital, prepaiation, ability, or time. It would at
once become geneial were it made practicable and safe by
ataxupon dog- . This tax would yield a handsome revenue.
It would speedily increase other revenues ; it would add to
the value ot propeitv ; it would aid in paying other taxes;
it would furnish employment to capital, to classcs, and to
families; it would aid soldiers' families, and disabled and
wounded soldiers to work; it would lessen the expenses of
the nation and citizens; it would lighten the loss of cotton,
relieve our dependence on foreign nations for a staple com-
modity, and our privations in case of a foieign war; it
would rid us of an intolererable nuisance and Imposition.
C. A. LEACH.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to strike out "dog,"
and insert " dorg." [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MALLORY moved to exempt from the
payment of the tax just voted, *« pointer dogs,
setter dogs, lap dogs, hound dogs, poodle dogs,
bull dogs, and all other valuable dogs." [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WRIGHT moved to add the words " pro-
vided it docs not interfere with the reciprocity
treaty with Great Britain, [Renewed laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 18- And be it Jurther enacted, That on and after the
1st day of May next, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid by any person or persons, firms, companies, or agents
or employes thereof, the following duties or taxes, that is
to say. On all horned cattle exceeding eighteen months
old, slaughtered for sale, fifty cents per head ; on all hogs,
exceeding six months old, slaughtered lor sale, ten ccuts
per head; oil all sheep, exceeding six months old, slaugh-
tered for sale, five cents per head : Provided, That all cat-
tle, hogs, and sheep slaughtered by any person for his or her
own consumption shall be exempt from duty.
Mr. COX moved to strike out " fifty cents per
head," " ten cents per head,"and k< five cents per
head, "and to insert in lieu thereof,'' one half per
cent., ad valorem."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move to strike out " on
all hogs exceeding six months old slaughtered for
sale, ten cents per head." I desire to have ths
Clerk read the representati*n upon the propriety
