1464:
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
April I,
o£ this proposed tax, of the principal houses in
Cincinnati employed in this business. The num-
ber of-hogs killed last year, was four hundred and
Seventy-three thousand, and the tax proposed to
be levied by this section on that number would
amount to $47,300.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To the Committee of Ways and Means,
House of Repreresentatives:
A bill to provide a revenue for defraying the expenses of
the national Government, contains one section that makes
it the duty of those engaged in slaughtering hogs to make
monthly returns under oath, and pay a tax of ten cents per
head on all hogs killed.
Now, we wish to call your attention to the following facts
in regard to the slaughtering business as conducted in this
city.
The hogs are driven into our pens by the owners or
drovers, are killed and delivered by us to the purchasers,
for which we only receive the offal made in the killing;
we have nothing further to do with them, and no money
passes through our hands.
We do not see how it will be possible for us to pay the
tax of ten cents per head, as, during the season just past,
we have paid no premiums and made only a hate living by
the business. As the bill now reads we have no power to
collect the amount fioin either owner or drover, from whom
we think the tax ought to be collected, as it would mani-
festly be unjust for the few persons engaged in slaughtering
to pay a tax of some forty-five thousand dollars per annum
on a business the profits of which are divided among the
hog raisers and sellers of Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois,
and the States west and north of them.
Therefore, we, the undersigned slaughterers of Cincin-
nati, respectfully suggest that the bill be so altered as to re-
lieve the hog slaughterers from the payment of the said tax,
as the same is clearly unjust.
BOWMAN & CO.
RICHARD BERESFORD.
P. ANDREW & CO.
JOSEPH WlilTAKBR.
SAMUEL DAVIS. Sr.
KIRBY & CO.
CHARLES FLACII.
ROGERS & CO.
SAMUEL SMITH.
F. BERESFORD. .
Cincinnati, Ohio, March 24,186*2.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the Clerk to read
this letter on the same subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Cincinnati, Ohio, March^Q,1862.
Bear Sir: Inclosed please find a petition which J have
been at some trouble 10 get up, for the purpobc of trying to
have the proposed tax of ton cents per head on hogs killed,
transferred from the slaughterer to the raiser or drover,
where we think it pioperly belongs, as we are taxed on the
amount ot our business the same as others1; and then to
have to pay this additional tax would be a double load to
carry.
The profits of hog killing is not sufficient to enable us to
pay the ptoposed id\ mid get out even at the end of the
season, and if any piofits are made from raising and curing
hogs, the tax should be put upon those who derive that
profit, or at lea^t upon tho<e --uppo-od to deiive it, and not
upon the one who is only a go-between, pieparingthehog-*
in a suitable shape for a bu-uues-* purpose. The^ bushier
is not like that of any othei, for we do not own the hogs,
nor do we buy them for purpose of making a profit on
them ; we only aet as a hired man for the owner. We pre-
pare one party's merchandise to enable lum to sell it toan-
anothei, the s=aine us a tailor lures u cutter and hands to
make up his cloth into a shape winch enables him to dis-
pose of it and make a profit by doing so. Certainly the com-
mittee does not think of taking the cutter foi the numbei
of coats and pants he may cut timing the year; but the
tailor who makes the profit out ot the cloth and the man's
labor should pay a tax therefor. So it is with our business;
wc ptop;ue a man's hogs lor market, he maken or irf sup-
posed to make a profit thereby; he is suiely the party who
should pay the tax. We pay tax on the amount of capital
employed and amount of business done already, and why
should wc be compelled to pay the drover's tax for htm when
we do not make enough by his killing to pay  t with.
I have left the top ot the petition blank so you could direct
it to the proper committee, and we would be glad if you
would use yourintluencemhavingthem take a proper view
of the matter.
Plea&e acknowledge receipt of this, and oblige, vours,
truly, H. A. BOWMAN.
Hon. ft. II. Pfndi.eton, Washington, D, C,
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to reduce the tax to
one half on every article. This seems to be a dis-
crimination against the general tenor of the bill.
Here the tax is not put upon the manufactured ar-
ticle at all. Now, why should it not be fixed at so
muchahundreduponhams, or so much upon pork
by the barrel. I think that the tax ought to be ap-
plied heie as in other branches of manufactures.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAKE moved to strike the whole section
out.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 77. And be it further enacted. That on and after the
date on \\ hich this act shall take effect, any person or per-
sons, firms;, or companies, or agents or employes thereof,
who shall slaughter for sale any cattle, sheep, or hogs, shall
be required to make and render a list at the end of eaeh
and every month to the assistant assessor of the district
where the business is transacted, stating the number of
cattle, if any, the number of hogs, if any, and the number
of sheep, if any, slaughtered, as aforesaid, with the several
rates of duty as fixed therein in this act, together with the
whole amount thereof, which list shall have annexed
thereto a declaration of said person or persons, agents or
employes thereof, as aforesaid, under oath or affirmation,
in such manner and form as may be presciibed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, that the same is true and
correct, and shall, at the time of rendering said list, pay the
full amount of duties which have accrued or should accrue,
as aforesaid, to the collector or deputy collector of the dis-
trict, as aforesaid ; and in case of default in making the
return or payment of the duties, as aforesaid, the assess-
ment and collection shall be made as in the general piovis-
10ns of this act required ; and in ease of fraud or evasion,
the paity offending shall foifeit and pay a penalty of ten
dollars per head for any cattle, hogs, or sheep so slaughtered
upon which the duty is fraudulently withheld, evaded, or
attempted to be evaded.
Mr. HORTON. I move to add the following
proviso:
And provided further, That the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue phall prebciibo such other lules and regulations
as he may deem necessary for the purpose of ascertaining
the coireet number of cattle, hogs, and sheep liable to be
taxed under the provisions of this act.
Mr. Chairman, this proviso is added that the
collection may be made more certain. The com-
mittee could not provide all of the means for car-
rying out this provision, and they have thought
it proper to confer upon the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue the power to make rules and regu-
lations prescribed in my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Michigan. I move to in-
sert afte.r the words " person or persons, firms or
companies, or agents or employes thereof," these
words, " whose business or occupation it is to
slaughter." There are, sir, a great number of
farmers in the western States who kill a few hogs
and cattle and cat ry them into the lumber region.
My amendment is to protect that class from the
operation of this section. I think that this tax
ought only to be imposed upon those whose busi-
ness is to slaughter.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
taken the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union geneially, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government and pay
interest on the public debt, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock, p.m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 1, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the 27th of March, information in relation to the
slave vessel the bark Augusta; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State in answer to a resolution of the
26th of March, in relation to a correspondence
between the State Department and Hon. Frank-
lin Pierce, ex-President of the United States, upon
the subject of a supposed conspiracy against the
Government; which, on motion of Mr. Latham,
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also hud before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
March 31, calling for a copy of General Mans-
field's report concerning the engagement with the
rebel steamer Merrimac, on the 8th of March,
stating that it is deemed inconsistent with the pub-
lic interest at the present time to furnish a copy of
that report; which was ordered to he on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I present a remonstrance of the
City Council of the city of Washington against
the passage of a bill now pending in the Senate,
reported upon by the Committee on the District*
of Columbia, authorizing persons who have re-
sided only six months within the city of Wash-
ington to exercise the elective franchise at the city
elections. As that bill is now before the Senate,
having been reported from the committee, I move
that the memorial of the Common Council lie
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES also presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Atranto to Saratoga, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have received, through
the Secretary of the Interior, a copy of a letter ad-
dressed by the Bishop of Minnesota to the Presi-
dent of the United States, which was deemed by
him of so much importance that it was referred
to the Secretary of the Interior, and his special
consideration was requested to it. The Secretary
of the Interior has given it that consideration, and
has addressed me a letter suggestingcertain mat-
ters of legislation in relation to the condition of
the Indian tribes upon the northern Mississippi.
I move that this communication of the Secretary
of the Interior, and the accompanying papers, be
printed and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. I present a memorial from
the constitutional convention of the State of Illi-
nois, recently in session at Springfield, in that
State, relating to the enlargement of the Illinois
and Michigan canal, praying that it may be so
enlarged as to afford passage to ships, making a
ship canal of it. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
Ordered, That Clement L. Lukens and Hugh Maxwell
have leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. GRIMES,from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 250) to amend an act entitled "An act to
create a metropolitan police district of the District
of Columbia, and to establish a police therefor,"
approved August 6,1861, reported it with amend-
ments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
256) for the relief of the widows and orphans of
the officers, seamen, and marines of the United
States ships Cumberland and Congress; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 257) for the better organization
of the militia of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 72) for the adjustment of certain land
claims; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
GENERAL WOOL'S COMMAND.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he instiuctud to
submit to the Senate the cori espondence of General Won!
with the War Department, relative to a movement of the
Aimy, or a part theieof, since he has been in command of
Foitress Monroe.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 120) in addition to " An act to
refund and remit the duties on arms imported by
States," approved July 10, 1861;
A bill (H. R. No. 318) to prohibit the allow-
ance or payment of pensions to the children of
officers and soldiers of the war of the Revolution;
and- _ _
"y'K joint resolution (H. R. No. 49) for the
