1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2425.
among the different States, and I will tell you how
I got at the basis of this calculation. I am pretty
familiar with the people of Rhocfe Island who pay
taxes. I do not believe there is a man in it who
is worth $500,000 that I do not know personally.
It is a little Slate; you can see all over it. I esti-
mate that this tax, according to the provisions of
my amendment, would amount in Rhode'-Island
to about four dollars for each person. I always
like to make a little allowance for leeway, and I
can call it three. Although Rhode Island has got
a few very wealthy men in comparison with its
numbers, perhaps more in proportion than the
States around it, it is not any more wealthy than
is Massachusetts, Connecticut, and New York,
and will not pay any greater proportion of income
tax according to its population. But I lake off a
quarter so as to be sure. The population of Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and New
York, is 5,746,572; and I reckon them at throe
dollars—making seventeen million and some hun-
dred thousand. Then I took Pennsylvania and
New Jersey, with a population of 3,578,000, and
call it $2 25—they are pretty old hives—and that
will be eight, millions and some thousands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can raise it
more if he calls it live.
Mr. SIMMONS. But I doubt that it would
yield that. You did not hear how I estimated this
in Rhode Island; but I warrant that I cannot make
an estimate or anything else that will suit the
chairman of our committee. I have fried that
for the last fortnight, and failed; but I will try to
satisfy (he Senate that this is right. Then I took
Maine, Vermont, and New Hampshire, with a
population of 1,269,000, and call ita dollar, which
will give over $1,200,000. Thus you have for
what we call the old States, the Atlantic States,
$26,560,000. Then I took the western States,
Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin,
Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas, California, Oregon,
and the Territories. I put Ohio at two dollars—
she is sixty years old, and has got to be pretty
rich—and the rest of those States 1 put at one dol-
lar. Many of them are very wealthy. They
have a population of 9,535,000, and would pay
$10,000,000 of this tax, while there was a tax of
§26,000,000 for about the same number of people
in the eastern States. Then I took Maryland and
the District of Columbia, and called it two dollars.
This is all city here, and cities pay a great deal
more tax, when you come to incomes, than the peo-
ple of the country. Thatamounted to $1,243,682,
Delaware, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri,
with a population of 3,560,000, less the slaves,
618,000, calling it a dollar, would make $2,941,000.
That made altogether for that population of about
1,500,000, $4,185,000. These are the loyal slave
States. The disloyal States, containing a popu-
lation of 7,993,000, less 3,150,000 slaves, 4,843,000
whites, calling the tax a dollar, would pay over
$4,000,000. The abrogate, accoiding to this cal-
culation's $46,462,000. If the disloyal-States
were in here, in an income tax of $46,000,000 they
would only pay $4,000,000.
I have no doubt these estimates are right. They
are as close as 1 could make them. 1 did not try
to make them large or small. I meant to have
them as near as I could get them, making, as I
think, proper allowances, i think I have aright,
even from my worthyfnend fromMaine, to claim
some crecht for making pretty good calculations
about what laws will give. When a little over a
year ago we were making a taritf bill, gentlemen on
the other side said it was enormous, prohibitory,
sixty and one hundred per cent. I got up and
told them it would be about twenty-five per cent.;
they might call it what they had a mind to. I no-
tice now that it is not three fourths of one per
cent, from it. I have got the returns. We im-
ported into New Yoik during the last quarter
forty-five millions and some hundred thousand,
and got $11,600,000 revenue from it. It is a little
fraction over twenty-five per cent. During this
session we put a higher tax on sugar and some
other things which carried it up. But for that I
should not have a quarter of one per cent. If any-
body could not learn to cipher it out in forty
years, he must be a mighty dull scholar, and 1
have been at it all that time.
I have made another comparison of what these
States would pay, provided this was a direct tax
instead of an income tax. I thought that would
be a little reliefto our friends of the West. I want
to convince them that, so far as I am concerned,
I do not mean to do anything to injure them.
They are aboutas industriousa people as I know,
and 1 am rather in favor of that kind of folks. If
it was a direct tax, these old States, as I call
them, the Atlantic States, instead of $26,000,000,
would pay but $16,000,000. That is a consider-
able difference. The western States, instead of
paying $10,000,000, would pay $14,600,000. By
the income tax we pay $10,000,000 more than we
should by a direct tax, and you pay $4,000,000
less. I like it the better for that. Bythedirect tax
the slave States would pay $4,860,000, instead of
$4,100,000. Therefore, although you think that
when we do not impose the taxes on the manu-
factures of the country, and put a direct tax on
them, we must be inimical to you; instead of
having the income tax repealed for this year, and
the land tax kept on this year, I voted to repeal
the land tax, and now I propose to put this on,
although it is a tax on us; and 1 want you to
have a little patience if I jlo not happen to vote
with you all the time; I should like to vote with
you.
There is one other consideration that 1 wish to
present to the Senate, which I think in point of
comfort is more than all the others. 1 desire to
call the attention of my friends in the majority
here who are responsible for the administration
of this Government, say what we will, to the
enormous number of officeholders that you must
create in order to collect this quire of taxes, as
compared with the six or seven articles that I
propose. I took up this list the other day, and
undertook to count the number of things that were
taxed; but the figures are so large that I always
got confused. 1 could not enumerate the endless
variety of things that are to be assessed. As I
could not cipher through this swamp or thicket, I
took twenty-six of the first articles 1 came to under
the general heads, and there were sixty-two dif-
ferent rates of duty to be imposed and ninety-five
varieties to be inspected out of those twenty-six
articles. On the aiticle of leather, that is one gen-
eral branch of industry, there are seventeen rates
of duty, and twenty-five different descriptions to
be examined and assessed in order to find out
what is the proper duty to put upon them. If I
had got to take this tabic, as we say in Yankee-
dom, I would rather undertake to collect the whole
revenue of $200,000,000 on the six articles I have
enumerated, than undertake to collect the duties
on leather and the manufactures of leather under
this bill; and you could do it for less money with
less men.
Now, I want to tell Senators, and particularly
my friends—I will not say that; I will say my
political friends, because I believe there is nobody
m this Senate who is not my friend—that our op-
ponents in the rebel Status, in Europe, and in
what are called the loyal States — these red-
mouthed secessionists, who sympathize with the
rebels as much as they ever did—they have got
their speeches all written to denounce this bill, and
to go on the stump with in the next election, and
they have got these little items ail paraded down.
I venture to say, if we could go into their closets,
we would find them there filled up, ready to as-
sault the Administration. Do you want to give
them that chance? Do you want to have to go
and meet these objections to your taxes, that a
man who makes wheelbarrows and employs two
men, and who certainly makes more than six bun-
dled dollars, is to have a tax gatherer watching
over him as he woiks with his jack-plane, seeing
what he is going to get, and how much you can
squeeze out of his earnings? No party can
stand such imputations, if they are justly put on
them, and they will be just if you pass this bill.
There is no defense for it. It goes into every
kitchen, prying everywhere. I believe we have
got rid of some of the worst parts of it in that re-
spect. I believe they cannot now go into my
closet and see if tlicy can find as much silver as
would weigh thirty ounces; and that would buy
out some of these speakers, 1 suppose, f do not
moan to go into the details, but I say that that is
the worst feature of it. Nothing would so alarm
this country, and nothing would so injure the Ad-
ministration, and the great and patriotic party in
power. I have a right to appeal to them to avoid j
these dangers for the good of our common coun- j
U y, for I do as honestly believe, as 1 believe that j
I am here, that the welfare and happiness of my i
children depend apon- the success of the Republi-
can party. I have no unkind feelings to people in
other organizations. I hail members on the "op-
posite benches, true representatives of the loyal'
States; I agree that their hearts and bowels yearn .
as much for the welfare of my country as my own;
but at the same time, the old notion ofparty makes
them seek with avidity every question to over-
throw the organization that is opposed to them.
I do not blame them for that, if they use. fair
means. I appeal to my party friends not to give
them these weapons, when you can get your-
money in a way that there is not a mother's son
of them would dare to arraign you for. Will they
go forward and say you have taxed whisky?
Can they make anything out of that? Is there a
living man that does not know it is a fit and legit-
imate subject of taxation ? And besides, you can
demonstrate to them, if they like it, as I do, it will
not cost them any more. That is one of.the
beauties of it.
I believe I have said enough on that topic, be-
cause I know I am speaking to an intelligent body*
of men. I do not need to drum it and hammer it
into them. If I merely suggest it, they will see
and carry out the idea.
I have said about all that. I intended to say,
though I have a great many papers and never want
to see them again. I have stated the substance of
what is in them. I ask not only my party friends
but my loyal friends, if they are willing to place
the burdens of carrying on this war and of paying
the debt we have been obliged to create and incur
in consequence of it on the shoulders and backs
of the productive labor of the country. I am not,
and I trust they are not. I have said here once,
and I will repeat it, that I have no great love for
wealth, but 1 never saw a man who had so much,
of it as to excite my envy or so little as to forfeit
my respect, if he were otherwise a good man. I
have given one instance—I could multiply them
indefinitely—how this bill will oppress labor. I
have given you the instance of a mill with a capital
of $1,000,000. The Senator from Ohio was very
quick to get up and say that half a cent a yard
would be p \t on the consumer. That was a bad
argument, and I think he thinks so now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the con-
sumer will pay it all.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will tell you how they can
put it on the consumer, and the process is worse
than the result. They can put it on by breaking
down all the little manufacturer5?, the men who
have to hire some of their capital. They will stop,
go undei, and out of sight, and when they have
broken them down, they will have the market to
themselves, and then they can make their own
prices. That is the way it is brought about. I
ask the Senator, is he willing to break down all
individual enterprise in order that these overgrown
corporations shall tax the community to pay this
tax? Is that a good policy? That will be its
effect as inevitably as cause precedes effect. There
is no way out of it. It is so in all cases.
I have said that all these items, by the theory
of this bill, are calculated and intended to come
out of the consumption; that is, those of small
means are to pay as much as those of large ones.
Sir, the labor of this country, the masses of men
in this country, deserve bcttei usage at our hands.
Look at it, and look at their doings, and what they
are now doing. Who is it that fights these bat-
tles? I say it with pride and pleasure, our peo-
ple go indiscriminately into the service of their
country; hut nine tenths of the wealthy go in as
olliceis,and nineteen twentieths of the poor go in
as privates. They all go to serve their country,
and they all deserve well of their country, and I
honor them for doing it. But there is nothing in
the condition of these masses of men that should
induce any Senator to put undue burdens upon
them in order to shield or lighten the burdens on
the more wealthy. Besides, as a matter of states-
manship and political economy, the labor of this
country has a right to the sympathy, affection,
and kindness of their national Legislature, the
Congress of the United States. They meet every
call upon them promptly, whether of toil or patri-
oticservicein the field of danger, lask my ftiends
here not to bleed them at every pore, not to fet-
tei down and tie up this young giant with cords
and withes, but to unfetter the energies of the
whole land by removing these burdens and stim-
ulating their labor, and they and their children
