1862.
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
no vote upon that, because they were not stricken
out. The motion can be renewed at the Proper
time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I intend to
renew it.
The PRESIDENT pro kmpcire. The question
is on concurring in the first amendment, which
has been read.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment, which
is in section one, line twenty-three, after th6 word
"of," insert "any," and after "prisoner," to
insert " desiring a discharge."
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment, which
is in section three, at the end of line two, to in-
sert " Congress not being in session."
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. Thethird scction,as it stands in
the bill, affirms what I believe to be the law of the
land, that it is lawful for the President of the Uni-
ted States, whenever, in his judgment, by reason
of rebellion or invasion, the public safety may re-
quire it, to suspend the writ of habeas corpus. -The
effect of these amendments, taken altogether, is to
declare that that may be lawful for the President,
in a certain contingency, that is to say, in the ab-
sence of the Congress of the United States. It is
an indirectaffirmance that, when Congress is pres-
ent, is' convened, the President cannot do it with-
out the consent of Congress. I do not believe such
to be the law of the land. 1 do not believe it ought
to be, and I am unwilling to affirm any such doc-
trine.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Chandler,
Clark, Coliamer, Cowan, Davis, Fessenden, Fuot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Henderson, Kennedy, King, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDougall, Powell, Saui&bury, Sherman, Simmons,
Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
WtHey, Wilinot, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Mis-
souri, and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Dooiittle, Harris, Howard, Howe, and
Lane of Indiana—5.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment, which
was in line five, of section three, after the words
habeas corpus," to insert " in all cases of polit-
ical offenses."
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment, which
was in line six, of scction three, after the word
" thereof," to insert " until the meeting of Con-
gress thereafter."
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole have
all been concurred in; and the bill is still open for
amendment.
Mr. BROWNING. I propose to amend the
first section of the bill, by inserting after the word
States" in the tenth line of the first section, the
words " by order or authority of said Secretaries
or either of them."
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I have a
few remarks which I wish to submit to the Sen-
ate that may not be particularly germane to this
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope, then, the Senator
will allow us to go through with the amendments,
if he wants to make any remarks on the bill. Let
us first get through with the amendments as to
which there is no controversy, at any rate.
Mr. HOWE. I wish togetatthe viewof the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Browning.] He proposes
now to limit these discharges to the cases of those
who are in prison under the authority of these two
Secretaries. I wish to know if he means by that
to exclude those who are imprisoned under the
order of the Presidentof the United States, which
order has issued from either of the Departments
over which these Secretaries preside.
Mr. BROWNING. The section provides:
That the Secretary of State and the Secretary of War be,
and they are hereby, directed forthwith, or as soon as may be
piacticable, to furnish to the judges of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and of the District of Columbia,
a list of the names of all pei&ons, citizens of States in which
the administration of the laws, has continued unimpaired
in the said Federal courts, who are now or may hereafter
be held as prisoners of the United States.
There may be men held as prisoners of the Uni-
ted States by virtue of arrests upon process issued
from the courts. The bill, as it now stands, would
require these Secretaries to furnish lists of them
ana provide for their discharge. To prevent that
I propose the amendment, which restricts the lists
to be furnished by them, or either of them, to such
persons as have been imprisoned by their order or
authority. I have understood that all the political
prisoners to whom it is intended this act shall ap-
ply have been imprisoned by the order or author-
ity of either the Secretary of State or the Secretary
of War.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know how the fact may
be, but the newspapers informed us some time
since that a citizen of Pennsylvania commenced
an action at law against the late Secretary of War
for an alleged illegal arrest and confinement, and
that the President, although the arrest was made
under the direct order of the Secretary of War,
avowed that it was made in accordance with his
direction. It may be the case—I will not assume
or assert that it is the case—that every one of these
political prisoners, so called, has been arrested
under an order signed by the Secretary of State
or Secretary of War, but which really emanated
from the Executive, so that the authority for the
detention would be the authority of the President
of the United States; and I want to know if it is
the purpose of the Senator from Illinois by this
amendment to exclude that class of persons from
the privileges of these two sections.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to confine the duty
imposed upon the Secretaries to cases that are
within their knowledge, and upon which they can
report. They cannot report upon cases where
arrests have been made and persons confined not
by their authority. This act requires them to re-
port what persons are in prison. All they can
know will be by the records of their offices; and
it is intended to restrict the reports that they may
make to such persons as have been imprisoned
by their authority, and of whose imprisonment,
therefore, they are informed and have knowledge.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; but the Senator must
be aware that if by direction of the President of
the United States either of these Secretaries have
issued an order for the arrest of an individual,
that individual is held, not under their authority,
but under the authority of the President of the
United States, but they are equally cognizant of
the fact of the arrest and of imprisonment as if
the order had emanated from themselves directly
and without any consultation with the President.
Mr. BROWNING. If the person is held by
order of either the Secretary of State or the Sec-
retary of War, he is imprisoned, I apprehend, by
virtue of that order, and the language is " held "
by virtue of the order or authority; so that if the
order goes it is embraced within the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. But I wish the Senator would
endeavor to comprehend what the information I
wish to get at is; and that is, what he means to
do with those prisoners, if there are any, who are
held in custody by the order of the President of
the United States, which order is attested by the
Secretary of War or Secretary of State, and issued
from those Departments?
Mr. BROWNING. This amendment makes
no allusion to that, nor do I think the section does.
It does not impair the force of the section; it only
gives it certainty in its application.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. I move a further amend-
ment to the same section by inserting, between the
sixteenth and seventeenth lines, the following
words:
The Secretary of State to furnish a list of such persons
as are imprisoned by his order or authority, and the Secre-
tary of War to furnish a list of such as are imprisoned by
his order or authority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that would be the
construction without the amendment.
Mr. BROWNING. This wiilnotdoanyharm,
but makes it certain.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It makes it certain, but at
the same time it cannot receive any other construc-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. I move another amend-
ment to the first section, by adding to it the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, however, That no person shall be discharged by
virtue of the provisions of this act, until after he or she shall
have taken an oath of allegiance to the Government of the
United States,andtosapporttheOonstitution thereof: And
provided, also, That the judge or court before whom such
person may be brought may, if it be deemed necessary to do
so, before "discharging him or her from imprisonment, require
him or her to enter into recognizance in a sum to be fixed
by said judge or court, to keep the peace and be of good be-
naviortowards the United States and its citizens,and from-
time to time, and at such times as such judge or court may
direct, appear before said judge or court to be further dealt
with according to law, as the circumstances may require.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the third
section by inserting, after the word " writ,"in the
ninth line, the words " or to make or issue any of
the orders hereinbefore provided;" so that the
whole clause will read as follows:
And whenever and wherever the said writ shall be sus-
pended as aforesaid, it shall be unlawful for any of the judges
of the several courts of the United States, or of any Slate,
to allow the said writ, or to 'make or issue any of the orders
hereinbefore provided.
The effect of this amendment will be to ena-
ble the President, when he suspends the writ of
habeas corpus, to make that suspension effective
against the operation of this statute also.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to the amend-
ment. If the writ of habeas corpus is suspended,
the question arises upon the return to the writ,
and it will then be decided whether it is author-
ized or not; but to say that the judge shall not
grant the writ, would be going beyond what has
ever been contemplated. I trust the Senator will
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not withdraw the
amendment. It seems to me very important.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted; itnullifies the whole bill; it would
make it a felo de se. The first section of the bill,
as it is now amended, provides that if no proceed-
ings whatever are talcen against these political
prisoners after a grand jury shall have met, they
may, upon certain conditions which have been in-
serted on the moti$$^jf my colleague—taking an
oath and entering into bond, if required—be dis-
charged; and if an indictment is found, then, by
the second section, they are to be admitted to bail
in bailable cases. The third section authorizes
the President of the United States to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus under certain circumstances.
Now, the Senator from Massachusetts moves an
amendment providing that if the President of the
United States suspends the writ of habeas corpus>
then this law is not to operate. What will it be
good for? What will it amount to ? If after the
President of the United States has suspended the
writ of habeas corpus, and a political offender is ar-
rested and put in prison and confined until after
the grand jury meets, and there is no charge pre-
sented against him, and he is willing to comply
with the provisions of the act and give bond and
make the oath, does the Senator from Massachu-
setts mean to keep him in? Is that his intention,
that he shall be kept there forever? The very ob-
ject of the bill is to allow this person who is ar-
rested where the habeas corpus i$ suspended, after
he shall have remained in prison till a grandjury
has met in his district, there being no obstruction
to the judicial proceedings in the locality, to be
discharged if he complies with the terms of the
act. The Senator from Massachusetts comes in
and says that he shall not be discharged at all if
the writ of habeas corpus has been suspended by
the President. The writ of habeas corpus may be
suspended for the time being, but it is not intended
to be perpetual. I trust the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will not be adopted. It
is enough if the writ of habeas corpus is suspended
during this length of time; and then let the pro-
visions of this act, if it is adopted, apply.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the effect of a sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus ? Clearly, the
very statement of the question is an answer to it.
The writ is suspended, and the parties who are
imprisoned can be detained because the writ can-
not be had for the asking. My proposition simply
explains the obvious meaning of the statute, for
the last section gives to the President the power
to suspend the writ; so that really, unless the
Senator from Illinois is prepared to deny entirely
the efficacy of the suspension, the moment any
court has proceeded under the first two sections
of this statute, and the person is about to be dis-
charged, he^may be met at the door of the prison
by the suspension of the writ of habeas cojpus, as
regards him, and be returned. The few wordy
