2426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
and-their children's children will rise up and call
you blessed.
Mr. WADE. What is the question ? I should
like to know.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Maine, to
strike out " five," and insert " two."
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to say that as I
am opposed to the whole of this ta,x, whether it
is live dollars or two dollars, I shall vote against
the amendment and aiso against the original prop-
osition. I will not vote for any tax of the kind
in any shape.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. I wish to state, by way
of explanation before voting, that upon examina-
tion I find that this very question was considered
at the time of the establishment of the Constitu-
tion; was discussed, before its adoption, in the Fed-
eralist; had been made the subject of adjudication
in.the Federal courts and in tiie Supreme Court
of the United States; and has been commented
upon by our most eminent authority on constitu-
tional law, Judge Story, all concurring that one
of the provisions of the Constitution was expressly
designed to prevent-the exercise of this power,
either directly or indirectly. I feel myself bound,
first, to recognize the Constitution, and then the
highest authorities on the Constitution, for it came
up for discussion ill the-Supreme Court of the
United States very shortly after the Constitution
was adopted; it was commented on, as I say, in
the Federalist; it has been discussed by Judge
Story; and they pronounced the prohibition, par-
ticularly with regard to a capitation tax, as being
expressly aimed at any such taxation as this—
not that I object to the subject of taxation if we
had the constitutional power to do it; but I think
we have authority enough in the Constitution,
which should govern the action of every Senator.
I shall therefore vote against the amendment, as
well as against the proposition proposed to be
amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the proposition
is to strike out " five," and insert " two."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
pending amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall not vote for it; my
friend from Massachusetts need not be apprehen-
sive about that; but as it seems to bo a dispute
among the friends of this proposition as to how
much the tax should be, if anything, upon the
service or labor which one person claims to have
in another, I would vote for an intermediate sum,
and would suggest three. If five is too much, let
us try it at three.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply wish to state the rea-
son why 1 shall vote for the amendment to make
the tax two dollars. I believe, in the first place,
that this kind of service is a legitimate subject of
taxation, and 1 desire that the amendment offered
yesterday by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson,] should be adopted, or that some
scheme should be devised by which there should
be a drawback or an exclusion from taxation of
this species of property, or this service, in those
States where the process of emancipation has al-
ready commenced; fori believe that although this
is strictly a revenue measure, it is nghtand proper
for us to look to the effect that this measure may
have upon other interests than upon the Treasury;
I desire to hold out every inducement,'however
small it may be, to any of these border States that
choose to avail themselves of the principle laid
down in the proclamation of the President. If 1
had my way, J would place this amount at five
dollars, and then leave a drawback, or make a
deduction, or an exclusion in those States where
they had agreed upon a process of emancipation.
When this bill comes into the Senate, it' no other
Senator makes any proposition, and unybody
would draw it better than I can, I shall endeavor
to secure the adoption of such an amendment.
But if we fixed it at five dollars, and leave it as it
now stands upon a vote of the Senate this morn-
ing rejecting the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri, this tax will be collected almost exclu-
sively from the loyal or quasi loyal northern slave
fetates, a.nd it will be oppiessivc upon them. It'
you fix it at five dollars, or at three dollars even,
when their slave labor is comparatively worthless,
and they are put to expenses in retaining it oven
it will opeiate, without an exception, oppressively
upon those States where emancipation has been
undertaken, and I do not choose to do so. I shall
vote in favor of reducing it to two dollars; but
when the matter comes into the Senate, I shall
endeavor to secure the adoption of an amendment
somewhat similar to that of the Senator from
Missouri, so that this tax, when it shall be col-
lected,^ shall come off the cotton States, to the
exclusion of those States on the northern border
who choose to adopt emancipation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Iowa,
as well as myself and a large majority of the Sen-
ate, have pledged the faith of the nation to any
State which shall adoptagradual system of eman-
cipation; and if, by laying this tax, it should op-
erate unjustly upon those States who shall adopt
this gradual emancipation policy, the faith of the
nation is pledged to make it up to them. Wo
need not provide for it here. ^Ve have agreed
that we will do that; and if, by reason of laying
this tax, an additional burden is placed upon them,
it will create an additional obligation to increase
the amount which the Government is to furnish
in aid of that emancipation policy.
In regard to the suggestion made by the Sen-
ator from California as to the unconstitutionality
of this proposition, I cannot see the force of it.
There are two clauses in the Constitution of the
United States on the subject. One is, that repre-
sentatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States. What was this clause
of the Constitution intended 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow mo to say to the
Senator that 1 could have reasoned about it at
length, and furnished the authorities and read
them; but [ merely stated my opinion, as I did
not wish to delay the Senate in its action. If the
gentleman insists on arguing it, perhaps I may go
into it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not insist upon argu-
ing it. I shall not probably occupy more minutes
than he did; but I wish to state briefly the answer
to the suggestion as it occurs to me. The Con-
stitution declares that—
" Jlt-pi cK-iiMtivvs ami direct taxes shall be appoitloned
ainon<t the several States wliioh may bo included within
this Union, act-oiding to their respective number-;, which
shall be determined by adding lo the whole iiumbei office
poiM)tis, including tho.se bound to seivico lot a tenii ot'
years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three fitili, of all
other pel sons."
What is the meaning of this clause of the Con-
stitution? It means simply this: that when we
apportion the representation, we shall do it upon
the basis which is here prescribed; that is, when
the llepres -madves in the House of Representa-
tives are to be apportioned, it shal I be upon popula-
tion on this basis: counting the whites, excluding
Indians not taxed, and taking three fifths of the
slaves. So, when wc impose direct taxes, and ap-
portion the taxesamongtheStates, we mustappor-
tion them upon the same basis. If we now had ap-
portioned the tax, so many millions of dollars upon
Maine, so many upon South Carolina, so many
upon Illinois, that would have been the direct tax
contemplated by the Constitution, and in making
that apportionment wc must be governed by the
same principle, that is, the ratio of population,
according to the basis here laid down. That is
what the Constitution means. That is not the
kind of a tax wc are laying; and that the framers
of the Constitution had in view a diffcient kind
of tax from this is manifest by the other clause
which declares that—
"The Congress shall have power to Invalid coliocttmes,
duties, impost*, and excises, to paj' debts, and piovide lor
Hie common defense and general welfare of the United
vStAtes."
We are laying a tax, imposing excises here un-
der this clause of the Constitution. It is not'a
direct tax apportioned among the several States,
and it may turn out, and probably will under this
bill, whether you tax negroes or not, that one
State will pay a much larger proportion of the
taxes than could be justly apportioned to it ac-
cording to population. Why, sir, under our tariff
system, I think the Senator from Rhode Island
stated to us to-day that four fifths of all the reve-
nue from duties were collected in the city of New
York alone.
Mr. SIMMONS. Five eighths.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be a very
unjust propoition, if thu taxes were apportioned
out among the States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Illinois apprehends at all the foundation
of my objection, and if he will give me one mo-
ment, I should like to present it. I will merely
read a paragraph, and then let the gentleman an-
swer that. Judge Story, speaking upon this sub-
ject, says:
" Sec. 993. In order to prevent the necessity of recurrin"
again to the subject of taxation, it seems desirable to bring
together, in this connection, all the remaining provisions
ot the Constitution on this subject, though they are differ-
ently arranged in that instrument. The first one is, 1 xto
capitation or other rlireettax shall be laid, unless in pro-
portion to the census or enumeiation hereinbelore directed
to be taken.' This includes poll taxes and land taxes, as
has been already remarked.
" Sec. 994. The object of this clause doubtless is to secure'
the southern States against any undue proportion of taxa-
tion, and, as nearly as practicable, to overcome the neces-
sary inequalities of direct tax The Soutli lias a very large
slave population, and consequently a poll tax, wliich should
be laid by the rule of uniformity, would operate with pecu
liar severity on them, ft would tax their property beyond
its supposed relatfve value and productiveness to white la-
bor. Hence a rule is adopted winch, in effect, in relation
to poll taxes, exempts two fifths of all slaves from taxation,
and thus is supposed to equalize the burden with the white
population."
In support of this doctrine, Nos. 21, 36, and 54
of the Federalist are quoted. Also 3 Dallas's Re-
ports, where the same subject is discussed; 1
Tucker's Blackstone's Commentaries, and Eli-
ot's Debates, where it was discussed in the con-
vention. Perhaps the gentleman can answer that.
Before he does so, however, let me remark to him
that, according to my philosophy of the rule of
legislation, what the law and Constitution pro-
hibit being done directly, whether it can be done
indirectly or not, never should be done.
Mr.TRUMBULL. The answer to that, in the
first place, is, that it is not proposed to have a
capitation tax. This is not a capitation tax or a
poll tax. A poll tax would be a tax upon the per-
son, upon the slave. If the slave is to be treated
as a person, and you levy a poll tax upon persons,
the tax would be upon the slave. Suppose he did
not nay it, how could you collcct it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose a child does not
pay it, if it is a capitation tax.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then you could not col-
lect it, I suppose, if you were to treat that child
as a person upon whom the capitation tax is to be
imposed, and the Senator from Ohio, as I under-
stand, insists upon treating the slave as a person.
If he is a person responsible to be taxed, you have
no way of collecting it. But that is not what is
proposed here. It is proposed here to tax the
right of one person to the service or labor of
another person. It does not apply simply to
slaves. If the Senator from Ohio has a contract,
as very likely he has, with some person to serve
lnm by the year for two years, if ho is a white
person he is bound under this bill, if it becomes
a law, to pay the tax of five dollars annually, and
in consequence of his having that right by con-
tract to the service or labor of some other persons.
That is a thing of value. Property may consist
in things which cannot be handled and seen, arid
this is of that character. It is the right to have
the service or labor of another, and it may be by
contract, and is by contract. Such contracts are
existingallovertheUnited States. If this amend-
ment is adopted, I have no doubt revenue will be
collected under it in the northern free States, as
well as in the southern slave States. It is not a
capitation tax, it is not a tax based upon popula-
tion; it is not a tax which is apportioned among
the several States upon the census or according to
population at all.
The great revenue under this bill is proposed
to be collected from whisky, and the manufacture
of whisky, and it is manufactured chiefly in a par-
ticular section of the country. The West manu-
factures the greater portion of it. I saw a cal-
culation made by a gentleman engaged in the
manufacture of whisky, which showed that m a
small town in my State more than a million of
dollars would be paid under this bill, if it should
become a law.
Now, sir,'I do not propose to discuss this mat-
ter at all; and I rose nien-ly to make this sugges-
tion in leply to th'- points which were taken by
the Senator from California. 1 should be willing
tn vote to reduce this tax to three dollars, if we
could compiomise upon that. I shall vote against
reducing it to two. I wish the Senator from Maine
would consent, and accommodate ail arouild,and
let us take three dollars, which is coming a little
