1466
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
application to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office for the purchase of one half section
of the public lands of the United States with the
certificate, which applications were refused by the
Commissioner, although at the time of the appli-
cations the lands applied for were duly authorized
to be sold; and as it was the manifest intention of
Congress, by the passage of the act, to give to the
heirs the right to make choice of and purchase
with the certificate any half section of the public
lands of the United States, in order to compensate
the heirs for the loss of a judicious selection of
land granted to them by the provisions of a treaty
made by the United States with the Pottawatomie
Indians on the 16th of October, 1826; and as since
the passage of the act, and the issuing of the cer-
tificate, the most valuable lands of the United
States have been disposed of and made subject to
preemption, and the holders of the certificate have
been deprived of the use thereof in the purchase
of such valuable lands by reason of the decisions;
and as there are now no public lands of the United
States upon which the certificate could be used,
affording anything Ukea just compensation to the
heirs for the loss of a judicious selection for them
under the provisions of the treaty; the bill refers
back the claim of the heirs of Stephen Johnston,
deceased, to the Court of Claims of the United
States, together with the record and papers of the
case of Stephen Johnston and others against the
United States, formerly heard in that court; and
thereupon the court is to be authorized and di-
rected to order proof to be taken of the value of
such a selection of one half section of land within
the boundaries of the recited treaty as the heirs
were justly and equitably entitled to, as it was on
the 2d of February, 1841; and in estimating the
value of such a selection as it was on that day,
all or any improvements upon the land so valued
are not to be considered, but the value of such a
selection is to be estimated considering its natural
advaniages of position, and any increase of
valuefromextrinsicandgeneralcauses to that date.
When the value of such a selection shad be so
ascertained by the proof, and thereupon determ-
ined by the court, which is required by the bill,
the court is to add interest upon the value so de-
termined from February 2, 1841, and thereupon
to ascertain and determine what amount of land
scrip of the United States may be necessury to be
issued to the heirs m compensation and satisfac-
tion of the amount so ascertained and determined
by tho court, and thereupon the court is to order
the amount so ascertained to be issued; and the
Secretary of the Interior is required, upon that
order, and the surrender of the land certificate now
held by the heirs to the United States, to cause to
be issued to the heirs—Stephen Johnston and his
heirs and assigns and Eliza Winansand her heirs
and assigns—in equal proportions, severally, land
scrip of the United States to the amount ascer-
tained and determined by the court, which scrip
is to be receivable in payment for any lands of
the United States subject to private entry, the
minimum price of which does not exceed $1 25
per acre for each acre mentioned in the certificates
of scrip so issued; and this land scrip, if offered,
is to be receivable in payment of any lands of the
United States the sale of which is authorized by
law, the value of the scrip to be estimated at $1 25
for each acre of land therein named; that is to
say, scrip for eighty acres of land is to be deemed
to be of the value of $>100, and is to be received as
so much money when offered in payment of land
worth more than $1 25 per acre, and the same rule
is to apply to the scrip issued for a greater or
less number of acres; and the land scrip is, more-
over, to be assignable by indorsement, attested
by two witnesses, and is to be issued in legal sub-
divisions, in the following" mannci: for each sec-
tion to be issued one certificate of scrip for one hun-
dred and sixty acres, four certificates for eighty
acres each, and four certificates for forty acres
each; but if there should bo any fraction less than
forty acres to make up the amount to be issued,
it is to be so issued; and when so issued and deliv-
ered, is to be in full satisfaction and adjustment of
the claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a new idea to give
interest on private land claims. I never heard of
it befoie. It would oe a very bad precedent to
establish, and a dangerous one, that we should
pay interest on these old claims from the time it
is said they ought to have been settled. This bill
provides for the allowance of any increase of the
value of the land from natural causes from that
time to the present, and to give them interest on
the amount beside. 1 move that the clause giving
interest be stricken out.
Mr. WADE. I hope that will not be agreed
to. I think the Senator, when he comes to un-
derstand it, will withdraw that motion. At the
time mentioned, from which interest is to com-
mence, the Government had made these parties a
title to certain lands, and they have been kept out
of all their property in that land from that time
until the present. If they had been thus deprived
by an individual, of course they would be entitled
to recover interest on the amount, and I think it
is no more than equitable that this Government
should do the same. They certainly have kept
;j this man and his sister out of this land for almost
;! an entire generation, by selling the land that he
had levied upon before his title was perfected. He
would make his location, and then it would be
passed over to somebody else, and so it has been
all along. I hold m my hand a report on this
subject, and I wish that it might be read. It is a
report of the House committee, who were unan-
imous upon it, and I believe if the Senate will
hear that report read, they will say that the claim
is an equitable and just one. It is a very small
matter. I ask for the reading of the repoit.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Tho Committee on Piivate Land Claims*, to whom was
rcferted the claim of the heirs ol Stephen Johnston, hav-
ing had the same under consideration, icpoit as follows:
The committee find tliut in a treaty between the United
Suites arid the Pottawatomie hidians, made October 16,
1^26, wa«- reserved to the heirs of Stephen Johnston a half
section of land, (three hundied and twenty actes,) to be
located under the direction of the President of the United
Slate*. These heirs were two children, a ^on and a daugh-
ter. then minoi-5. The eonsidetation for tins giant was the
fact that the fattier of these children had been cruelly mur-
dered by these Indians while in the seivice of the United
States, and while engaged in a heroic attempt to convey a
dispatch Irom Fort Wayne, then besieged, to the Govern-
ment forces undej Geneial Hanson. A hundred and sixty
acre-? of wild land each wa-s certainly a small consideration
to these children lor such a loss; and every principle of
honor, justice, and humanity, requued that, m the selection
of these lands, great care should be taken that no injustice
was done them. Such, however, was not the ease. A half
section ofland was selected torthem, deficient both in qual-
ity and quantity.
Congress interfered, and to compensate fot this injustice,
by an act approved Julv 120, 1840, pioviued that upon the
surrender of the lands thus selected, a certificate should
isMie to the-'O children, leceivabie in payment at any land
office in the United States, for any half section ofland not
subject to preemption.
The lands were suriendered, and the certificate author-
ized by said act issued Febiuaiy o, jy.il.
These lands, when lehnquished to tiie United States,
were worth fioin five to seven dollars an acre.
In view of thii fact, and the sacred clmractei of the trust,
it is certain that Congress expected and intended that the
certificate thus issued should secure to these childien lands
worth at least as much as those suriendered. Otherwise,
the injustice would have been magnified, not remedied.
And it will be observed that the language of the certificate
is very comprehensive: uThis certificate chall be ieceiv«
able m payment at any land office of the United States for
any half section of land not subject to preemption." It is
clear, therefore, in view both ot the suuounding circum-
stances and the language used, that if this ceitificate was
in all other respects properly tendered in payment of a half
section ofland, it could not properly be rejected on account
of the value of the land.
This certificate has been several times offered, and twice
tcndeied in payment of a half section of land, not subject
to preemption, and in each instance refused.
The heirs first selected a hah section in what is known
as the Wyandotte rescive in Ohio, the minimum piice of
which was .$2 50 an acre ; and offered their certificate in
payment; but it was refused. Alteivv.nds, in September,
18*14, at a public sale, they bid oifa half section of said lands
at twenty-five dollars an acre, and tendered their ceitifi-
cate in payment,and it was again refused. In March, 1847,
Congress again interfered, and by joint resolution author-
ised the ceitificate to be received in payment of any half
section of the Wyandotte reserve. But before they could
avail themselves of the benefits of this resolve, the lands
were all sold; and thus the good intentions of Congress
were defeated.
In August, 1854, these heirs again applied to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office tor leave to locate
their certificate on a half section of the Fort Snelhne land*
m Minnesota, then advertised for sale, and were refused.
These lands were very valuable; the half section selected
by them is estimated by witnesses to have been woith at
that time at lean $75,000 ; and one witness having good op-
portunities to know estimated it as high as §500 an acie.
And, although they were afterwards put into market and
sold by the United States fnr$L So an acie, ltwas to enrich
other parties, and not the heirs of Stephen Johnston.
Believing they had a right to purchase with their ceitifi-
cate a half section of these lands, these heirs, on tUe day
of the sale., as advertised, caused their ceitificate to be tend-
eied at the land office in payment therefor; and this was
repeated from day to day during the tune within which thev
weie advertised to be sold; but the ceitificate wasiefused
and no sale was then had.
Claiming that this refusal was wrong and in violation of
their rights, the heirs next applied to ihe Court of Claims
to be allowed in money the value of the half section of the
Fort Snellmg lands in payment of which they had ten-
dered their certificate. This claim was rejected by the Court
of Claims. The reason assigned is that the Fort SneHing
lands were to be sold under special provisions of law, and
not under the general land laws*. The committee do not
find it necopcaiy to call in question the correctness ot tho
decision of the Couit of Claims, but it certainly places a
restriction upon the use of the certificate in question, not
found upon the face of it or in the actnuthoi izing itrf is*-ue.
The language both of the act and the ceitificate is, that it
shall be receivable in payment of any half section of land
not subject m preemption. The decision of the court makes
it read, in efiect, Hint it thai I be receivable only in payment
of any half section sold under the general land laws, and
that it cannot be so received in paymentol land sold under
special piovisions of law. This is ceitainlv a veiy Miarp
limitation upon the language of the certificate; and more
especially observable, as, on a careful examination, the
committee do not find that the sale of the Fotr Snellmg
lands, authorized bypeeial act of Congiess, differed mate-
rially from ttie sale of other lands under the general land
laws.
The committee, however, do not find it necessary to go
into technicalities. The justice of the petitioner-,' claim,
and the necessity of furnishing them relief, m some form,
he upon the surface and may he seen at a glance. For a
consideration, which upon every principle of honor and
humanity, ought to have been guarded and protected hv the
Government of the United Slates, these oiphan children
were entitled to a half section of land, equal in quantity
and quality with oilier lands included in the treaty. Their
ji rights were not regarded. Such a selection was not made
;; for them. Eveiy attempt of Congress to remedy the wiong
5; done them, has thus far pioved a souice only of vexation
jl and expense. They suirendered to tho United States lands
l! worth from five to seven dollars an acre; and to compel
II them at this time to take a half section ot land authoi ized to
j, be sold by the general land laws, (or $1 93 att acre, and
■ J owing to the fact that the country is now flooded with land
■ ! wat rants, can bo bought for fifty cents an acre, is not to
j jemedy the wiong that has been done them. It only in
,| creases the wiong; and to call it a remedy is a misnomer,
j and an insult to ihe parties affected.
I The committee therefore report such a bill as in their
, j opinion will do justice to these parties, and recommend that
lj u be passed.
, i The b.isis of the intended relief is that the Court of Claims
. shall ascertain the value of such a halt section of land as
; these heirs weie justly and equitably entitled to under the
,] treaty, at the tune when theh claim to said lands was sur-
;; rendered to the United States, and to such value and in-
j| terest from tiiat tune to the time ot making the computa-
,: tion ; and to pay them the amount thus ascertained in land
;j at its fair value.
j| Mi*. FOSTER. As the Senator from Ohio has
'j referred to me as being one of the committee who
had not examined this .subject, it may he proper
|[ that 1 should say a word m explanation. Soon
,]' after the bill came from the House of Represent-
|j atives, the chairman of the Committee on Private
[j Land Claims, to which committee the subject was
!] leferred, handed the papers to me with a request
that I would examine the subject. 1 did so and
came to the result from the papers before me that
the bill ought not to pass without additional testi-
mony, and suggested to the chairman and to the
party prosecuting (he claim my difficulties in re-
gard to the question. Sometime after, a number
of documents were brought to me by the party
presenting the claim, who stated that they were
full and explicit upon all the points in respect to
which I had suggested difficulties, and assured me
if i would examine them I would be satisfied that
the bill ought to pass. Within a day or two after
that, I was called out of the city by the death of
a relative, and was absent during the whole of last
week, and have not theiefore since my return —
returning yesterday—had any time to make any
j further examination. That is tho reason why I
I have not united with the committee in coming to
' the result to which the committee have arrived,
j Mr. WADE. The reason that the proofs were
i not here, as I understand and believe, was that
there was an omission to send them with the
papers from the House of Representatives; but
they were afterwards furnished to the chairman
of that committee, [Mr. Harris,] who informed
me that he was entirely satisfied m regard to the
bill, and on his part was ready to report it. I
went to the other members of the committee, who
also said they were entirely satisfied, with the
exception of the Senator from Connecticut, as I
have already stated, who had not an opportunity
to examine it on account of his absence, it is not
a very large matter, and it only asks that these
persons shall be indemnified for this claim in land
scrip. They have been dancing attendance on
Congress I think about as long as we ought to
permit them to do. 1 suppose they have expended
five times more than they can ever recover by this
bill. 1 think it would have been better for them
li if they had abandoned it in the first place, and
