1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
more than half way by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. If it was a mem matter
of accommodation, I would do it with all my
heart; but I think two dollars is as much as ought
injustice and fairness to be imposed,in the pres-
ent condition of the country. I will tell the Sen-
ator another thing, that under this tax on people
held to service for life, or a term of years, I be-
lieve more money will be raised in the free States
than from the slave States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may be.
Mr. POWELL. It strikes mo that this pro-
posed tax is clearly unconstitutional. The Sen-
ator from Illinois read two clauses of the Consti-
tution. If it is the pleasure of the Senate, I will
read three of them:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several .States vvlucl) may be included within
this Union, according to then respective numbers, which
shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including those bound to seiviee for a term of
year*, and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all
other persons.''
The first clause of the eighth section of the first
avticlc of the Constitution is in these words:
11 The Con^res  shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide
forthp common defense and general welfaie of the United
Slates; but all duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniioi m
throughout the United States.."
Again, in the ninth section of the same article,
it is declared:
" No capitation or other direct tax shall be laid unless in
proportion to the e'ensus or enumeration heiembefore di-
rected to be taken."
Is this, or is it not, a direct tax? If it be a di-
rect tax, it cannot be laid except it is apportioned
among the States according to the enumeration of
representation indicated in the Constitution itself.
All direct taxes must be apportioned among the
States; all other taxes must be uniform. Appor-
tionment in the one case, and uniformity in the
other, is a rule from which we cannot depart un-
less we violate the Constitution. That this is a
direct tax, I do not think there can be a doubt.
The Constitution says that capitation taxes shall
not be laid except they are apportioned among the
States. Sir, what is a direct tax? A direct tax
is a tax that is imposed directly upon property. 1
know that gentlemen attempt to avoid this clause of
the Constitution by calling this by another name.
Such a pitiful subterfuge will not answer their
purpose. It was well said by the Senator from
Pennsylvania this morning that you could not
avoid the constitutional prohibition by naming the
thing differently. It is a tax which you impose
upon the person, upon the head of each slave that
is held by his master. You impose the tax upon
the master. Is it an ad valorem tax? No, sir; it
is no tax upon value; but it is a tax upon the head;
it is a tax upon the poll; a tax upon the person
held to service. It is nothing more, nothing less.
Fortunately, we are not left to our own inter-
pretation upon this matter. The writers upon
constitutional law have all held the position that
I now take. The Senator from California has just
read some extracts from Mr. Story on the Con-
stitution. I will read one from Mr. Rawle, who
is certainly one of the ablest legal expounders of
the Constitution we have ever had:
" Thp tenn tax include5;, first, direct laxe«, which aie
propeiJy capitation taxes and taxes on land, although direct
taxes may, perhaps be laid on other things that goneially
pervade alt the States in the Union ; secondly, duties, im-
posts, and excises; and thirdly, all other classes or an in-
direct kind. Indirect taxes affect expense or consumption:
those who i educe their consumption of an at tide m) taxed,
teducc the amount of their tax. A direct tax i>- independ-
ent of consumption or expense, and is to be apportioned
among the several States, accoiding to their lespective
numbers, which is lo be determined by the same lule that,
as already observed, is applied to representation.''
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Kentucky if the persons having
this claim to service or labor cannot reduce their
taxes by reduci tig the number of persons that they
hold in that way ?
Mr. POWELL. Just as the Senator could j
reduce the tax on his land or his house, by giving
away the one or binning the other. Unless tlicy
voluntarily or involuntarily divest themselves of
their property, or fraudulently evade the revenue
laws, they cannot do it. They must do tho one
or the other. Now, sir, this authority declares
distinctly that these direct taxes are laid upon the
person, upon the poll,the he<.vd,or upon lands. I
will read, also, a single extract from Judge Story
on this subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, if I understood his authority, I understood
it to read that indirect taxes were those which
were laid in such a way that a person by aban-
doning the business could avoid the tax; that it
did not act directly. This tax will be upon the
service or labor, and comes directly within the
definition of his own authority.
Mr. POWELL. Does not the Senator know
that all taxes on consumption may be avoided, if
the party will consume none of the articles taxed ?
If it is bread, or whisky, or meat, that is taxed,
if the Senator does not consume it, he will not
pay the tax, any more than lie would pay a tax
on broad cloth unless he wears it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unquestionably, I under-
stand the tax on whisky to be an indirect tax; it
is not a direct tax. I understand that the taxes
to be raised by this bill arc indirect taxes. The
case the Senator puts of whisky is undoubtedly
the case of an indirect tax;and so is the tax upon
the service or labor of other persons which a man
pays. If he has these other persons in his em-
ploy by contract, usage, or custom, and has the
benefit of their service and labor,'then ho has to
pay a tax. If he has not, if he invests his means
otherwise, he does not pay a tax. If he manu-
factures whisky, he pays a tax. If he manufac-
tures something else, he does not pay a tax.
That is what an indirect tax means.
Mr. POWELL. I really do not see the force
of the position the Senator last assumed. Cer-
tainly if you lay a tax upon peisons, that is a cap-
itation tax,and thathas been decided by the courts
and by the writers on the Constitution to be a
direct tax. The Constitution and the authority that
I last read expressly say that no capitation tax
shall be laid except it be apportioned among the
States. I admit you can lay a capitation tax, but
you must apportion it among the States according
to the provisions of the Constitution. Tlwi ques-
tion is, is this a direct tax ? If it is a direct tax,
there is no evading the provision of the Constitu-
tion. It will not do to say it is nor t\ duect tax
because you levy it upon the service und do not
name the slave. That is a subterfuge by which
yon cannot avoid the plain lettei of I he Constitu-
tion. If you could dodge it in (hat way, when you
levied a capitation tax, you would but have to
baptise your bill by some other name, and you
would avoid the constitutional pioviston to which
I have refened.
I will read one paragraph from Mr. Story on
this subject, in addition to what was read by my
friend from California:
" Sec. 9o 1. Rut the moie. nnpoitant inquny is, what aie
duect taxes in the sense of the Constitution, since they ;n e
requuod to be laid by (he rule of appoitionment. and all
uuinect taxes whether they fall under the head of * duties,
impost*, or excises,' or under any other description, may
be laid by the ) ule of unifoimity. It i-. dear that capitation
taxes, oi, as they are more commonly called poll taxes, that
is, taxes upon the polls, head", or peison* of the contribu-
tor, are linect taxes, for the Constitution lias expressly
enumerated them a< such. ' No capitation oi other direct
tax shall be laid,' &c., is the language of that instrument."
Do you not lay this tax on the person of the
slave? Do you not assess the master five dollars
under this bill, should it become a law, on each
slave he owns between the ages of ten and sixty-
five? Do you think that by taxing the 11 service,"
which is the property of the master, and the only
property he has m the matter, you can avoid the
plain provision of the Constitution? 1 have never
witnessed such a shallow subteifuge to avoid the
plain written provisions of the Constitution. And
allow me to tell you, Senators, this provision was
put in the Constitution to protect this very slave
interest. As early as 1796, the Supreme Court ad-
judicated these subjects most elaborately. In the
case of Hylton vs. The United States, reported in
3 Dallas, the question came up m regard to the tax
on carriages, and I will read one or two para-
graphs fiom that.
Mr. COLLAMER. What has a tax on car- j'
riages to do with this?
Mr. POWELL. I will answer the Senator: it
has nothing to do with it, but the principle settled
has much to do with it. It settles it as clear as
light that this tax, made in this way, is unconsti-
tutional, and if you lay it at all you must appor-
tion it among the States. If the'Senator will give
me his ear I will read part of the decision, which
will show what the principle has to do with itv-'
Chase, J., on that occasion said: * - «
" I am inclined to think, hut of this I do not give'a jirdi-!
clal opinion, that the direct taxes conumiplaied'by tlioC6n-'
sutulion are onjy two, to wit: a capitation or poll lax,
simply without regard to property, profession, or any other
circumstances; and a tax on land. I doubnvhether a tax,
by a geneial assessment of personal property, within the'
United States, is included within the term direct tax." '
Paterson, J., speaking of the reasons why this
clause was put in the Constitution—and this ;is
borne out by the Federalist, which I examined
this morning, and also by Judge Story in the ex-
tract read by the gentleman from California a mo-
ment ago—says;
"I never entertained a doubt that the principal, X will
not say the only objects, that the frameis of the Constitu-
tion contemplated as tailing within the mle of apportion-
ment, were a capitation tax and a tax on land. Local con-
siderations, and the particular circumstances and relative
situation of the State*, naturally lead to this view of the
subject. The provision was made'in favor of the southern
State. They possessed a large munberof slaves; they had
extensive tracts of tooitory, thinly settled and not very pro-
ductive. A major ity of the Slates had but few slaves,and
seveial of them a hunted tertitory, well settled, and in a
high state of cultivation. The southern Stated, if no pro-
vision had been intmduced in the Constitution, would have
been wholly at the mercy of the other Slates. Congress, in
such a case, might tax slaves, at discretion or arbitrarily,
and land in every pair of the Union after the frame rate oi
inea^ui e; so much a head in the first instance, and so much
an aci e m the second. To guard them against imposition
in these particular, was the reason ot' introducing the
clause in the Constitution, which directs that lepresenta-
tives and direct taxe* shall be apportioned among the States
aeeoidmg to their respective numbers.J'
There is a judicial enunciation of the reasons
why this clause was put in the Constitution,and
Senators come in here and wish to avoid the Con-
stitution by christening this a little differently
fiom a tax on the head. It is nothing but a tax
on the person. You tax the owner in consequence
of his owning a certain number of slaves, and you
call it their " service.M It is clear and distinct.
If you have a right to put a tax on them of five
dollars, you have a right to put a tax of $1,000,
and, in the language of this judge, if the shield of
(he Constitution had not been thrown around
these southern States, you might collect all your
revenue from them. Scnalois, the Constitution
was never intended to be an inslrunieiiLof destruc-
tion against any interest of the people.
Iredell, J., in this same case, says:
Thoio are two icsti ictioiis only on the e^ciciac of this
authoiitv:
11 1. All duect taxes must he appoitionrd ;
All duties, imports, and excises must be uniform.
And it is declaied distinctly by Judge Iredellin
his opinion:
" A land or a poll tax maybe considered of this descrip-
tion"1'—
That is, a direct tax—
''the latter is to be eonsidciul so paiticnlariy under the
present Constitution, on aceountof the-lavcs in the south-
ern States, who give a ratio in the representation in the pro-
portion ot tlneo to live.'1
Those are the authorities. It is not my purpose
to make any elaborate argument on the subject;
but there is no commentator on the Constitution
but bears me out in the views I have taken. But
Senators say this description of property is not
taxed; that is, this service of which they speak is
not taxed. Why, sir, do not the persons held to
service constitute a portion of the income of the
master; and is not the income of slaveholders taxed
the same as the income of other people ? You tax
their income; and now you wish to tax it oyer
again. Gentlemen, if you wish to lay a capitation
tax, I ask you, in the name of the Constitution
of my count!y, in the name ot common honesty,
march up to the work, put o'n your capitation tax,
and apportion it among the people of the States.
Then, m my judgment, you will he executing the
Constitution of your country, and not otherwise.
It is not my purpose, Senators, to make any elab-
orate argument on this question. It is a question
so plain, so clear, that I do not think there can be
a doubt about it; and a more miserable subterfuge
was never resorted to by a legislative body, or by
the advocates of any bill, to avoid a plain and dis-
tinct provision of the Constitution of the country.
I shall say no more on that subject.
My friend from Rhode Island made a very elab-
orate speech on the subject of expenditures, and
I should be most highly gratified if the exhibition
of the finances he gives us was correct. I think
he estimates that we do not owe more than a little
over four hundred millions of dollars. Why, sir,
