1862.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8367
face of an enemy far superior in numbers, with no line of
communication to protect. *****
E. PATTERSON.
General Scott says, in relation to this matte:
" General Patterson was never ordered by me, as lie seems
to allege, to attack the enemy without a probability of sue-
cess j but on several occssio^^^rote as if he were as-
sured of victory. For exampl?^\jiune 12, he says he is
♦resolved to conquer, and will fisk nothing;' and July 4,
expecting supplies the next day^ he adds; as soon as they
'arrive I shall advance to Winchester to drive the enemy
from that place.' Accordingly, he issued orders for the move-
ment on the 8th, next called a council of war, and stood
fast at Martinsburg.
"But although General Patterson was never specifically
ordered to attack the enemy, he was certainly told and ex-
pected, even wkh inferior numbers, to hold the rebel army
In his front on the alert, and to prevent it from reinforcing
Manassas Junction, by threatening maneuvers and demon-
strations j results often obtained in war with half numbers.
"After a time General Patterson moved upon Bunker
Hill, and then fell off from Charlestown, whence he seems
to have made no other demonstration that did not look like
a retreat out of Virginia. Prom that moment Johnson was
at liberty to join Beauregard with any part of the army of
Winchester."
The reason assigned by Patterson and his staff
was that Johnson had received large reinforce-
ments, and greatly outnumbered him both in men
and guns. General Patterson testifies:
"The immense superiority of the enemy at Winchester
in men and guns, as well as in position, was well known.
The information was obtained from Union men who had
been there, from prisoners, from deserters, and from various
sources, all agreeing, on an average of forty thousand men
and over sixty guns."
Colonel Price says:
tl He [General Patterson] got positive information at Bun-
ker Hill that Johnson had forty-two thousand men at Win-
chester, and, I think, sixty-three pieces of artillery."
Colonel Biddle says:
" Everybody represented the force of General Johnson as
from thirty to forty thousand."
That is the testimony of Patterson and his staff.
The facts were that Johnson had received no re-
inforcements except of undisciplined, unorganized
militia from the surrounding country,and held an
effective force less than that of Patterson.
Nathaniel F. Palmer (prisoner at Winchester)
says:
" We concluded that by the 18th (July) there was but
very little over thirteen thousand men there."
Dr. Ira Tripp (prisoner at Winchester) says
that there were about twelve thousand men of the
enemy at Winchester oh the 38th of July.
Alfred Spates (president of Chesapeake and
Ohio canal) says:
" The general impression in that vicinity was, that John-
son's army was between eight and ten thousand men. I
never heard any man put it higher than ten thousand men."
A. R. Stoke (general superintendent of the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal) says:
" I know that it was the impression throughout the com-
munity, and in the Army, that there were not more than ten
thousand men under Johnson; and there is this additional
fact ascertained since, from perfectly reliable gentlemen,
that there never was at any time in Winchester as many as
fourteen thousand men, and of those there were perhaps
four or Ave thousand militia, badly armed and equipped."
Colonel David B. Birney (twenty-third Penn-
sylvania volunteers) says:
" I thought, from information that I got from the people
there in the county, that he [General Johnson] had from
fifteen to twenty thousand men."
General Sanford says, in referenceto the story
that Johnson had been reinforced:
"They all had got this story, which was without the
slightest shadow ot foundation, for there had not a single
man arrived at the camp since we had got full information
that their whole force consisted of twenty thousand men,
of whom eighteen hundred were sick with the measles.
The story was, however, that they had ascertained by reli-
able information of this reinforcement. Where they got
their information I do not know. None such reached me,
and I picked up deserters and other persons to get all the
information I could. And wc since have learned, as a mat-
ter of certainty, that Johnson's force never did exceed
twenty thousand men."
Upon this melancholy statement of facts I will
neither comment nor dwell.
2. The second cause of this disaster was the failure
to attack on Friday before the arrival of the ene-
my's reinforcements, instead of on Sunday, after
they had arrived. Why was not this done ? It is
averred that the fault was in the quartermaster's
department, in not furnishingtransportation at the
proper time and place.
General Heintzelman says:
"The delay at Centreville, I suppose, wa* principally
Waiting for provisions, and for infoimation of the position
of the enemy.
"The day after wo left Alexandria the provision train
was to start. The wagons had not yet been collected, as I
understood, and the consequence was that they did not start
the next day, but the day after."
General Franklin states, in relation to the delay
of the army at Centreville from Thursday to Sun-
day:
" My impression is that it was on account of the non-
arrival of the supplies for the army until some time on Sat-
urday."
General McDowell states that he was forced to
leave to those in the city the duty of forwarding
provisions to him, but there was delay in doing so.
3. The delay of the whole army for three hours
on Sunday morning in consequence of the delay
ofKeyes's brigade in Tyler's division, in getting
into the assigned position. The enemy was de-
feated at two o'clock, and but for the timely ar-
rival of a portion of Johnson's force, their rout
would have been complete. The three hours lost
in the early morning could not be regained. The
men were fatigued and overworked in the heat,
and the precious moment for a crushing blow
passed. General McDowell says on this point:
" Tyler was to move at half past two o'clock, a. m.,and
Hunter was to move half an hour earlier, so that he might
close up on Tyler's division. Heintzelman was to move
at half past two o'clock, a. m., so as to fall in the rear of
Hunter's division. Tyler was expected to get over the
ground between the encampment of his advanced brigade,
and where the road turned off to the right, at the black-
smith'a shop, in time to offer no obstructions to the road
to be used in common by all the divisions.
" I was sick during the night and morning, and did not
leave my headquarters—a little over a mile, perhaps a mile
and a quarter east of Centreville—until 1 thought all the
divisions were fully in motion, so as to give myself as much
rest as possible. When I had got beyond Centreville about
a mile, I passed the troops lying down and sitting down on
the wayside. Upon asking why they did not move forward,
the reply came to me that the road was blocked up. I saw
some men coming from the left of the road through a corn-
field into £he road. When I asked to what regiment they
belonged, they said the second New York, which formed a
part of Schenck's brigade, (Tyler's division.) I went for-
ward, urging the troop* to move on,untili got to the black-
smith's shop, where the road turned off to Sndley's Springs.
I was making every effort, personally and by my aids, to
have the road eleared, in order that Hunter's and Ilemtzel-
man's divisions might tike up theii march to the right, by
way of Sudley's Springs, to carry out the plan of battle."
In reply to the question, " Whose division
blocked up the road?" General McDowell says:
"The first division; General Tyler's division. Major—
now General—Barnard, who was the chief of engineers on
my staff, in his report to me, dated July 29, 186i, says, as
follows:
" i You are aware of the unexpected delay. The two
leading brigades of Tyler's did not clear the load lor Hun-
ter to this point, (blacksmith shop,) where the road turned
to the right, until half past five.'
" That was three hours after the time fixed to start.
"Colonel Heintzelman—-now General Heintzelman--in
his report to me of July 31, states as follows:
" {At Centreville we found the road filled with the troops,
and were detained three hours to allow the divisions of
Generals Tyler and Hunter to pass. I followed them with
my division, immediately in rear of the latter."'
General Heintzelman says:
"The next morning, (Sunday,) precisely at the hour
fixed, I left. The head of the column got to Centrevflle,
and found the road obstructed with troops. General Tyler's
division had not passed yet. J waited there three hours for
Tyler's and Hunter's divisions to pass."
General Andrew Porter, who succeeded to the
command of General Hunter's division when he
was wounded, says:
" Our orders were to get under way at two or half past
two in the morning. We got into the road, and were de-
layed a great while there. We were foimed on the road in
front of my camp. I had the reserve bugade in the rear.
After some delay we then moved on some distance, and
halted again. And we kept pottering along, pottering along
in that way, instead of being fauly on the road. It was in-
tended that we should turn their position at daylight, as we
could have done very easily but for the delay."
4. The advancing of our batteries one thousand
yards Without adequate support, and the unfor-
tunate mistaking of a rebel regiment for the bat-
teries' support, was the fourth cause of that.dis-
aster. If these guns had not been captured and
turned upon our own troops, the strong probabil-
ities are that we should at least have held the field,
and that no panic would have ensued.
Captain Griffin, of Griffin's battery, who had
been placed in this advanced position, says:
"After I had been there about five minutes, a regiment
of confederates got over a fence on my fiont, and some offi-
cer—1 took it to be the colonel—stopped out in front of the
regiment, between it and my battery, and commenced mak-
ing a speech to them. 1 gave the command to one of my
officers to fire upon them. He loaded the cannon with can-
ister, and was just ready to fire on them when Major Barry
rode up to me and said, ' Captain, don't fire there! those
are your battery support.' 1 said, ' They are confederates;
as certain as the wt>rld, tliey are confederates.' He re-
plied, 4 X know they are your battery support.' I sprang to
my pieces, and told my officer not to fire there. He threw
down the canister, and commenced firing again in the for-
mer direction. After the officer who had been talking to
the regiment had got through, he faced them to the left and
marched them about fifty yards to the woods, then faced
them to the right and marched them about forty yards to-
wards us, and then opened fire upon us, and that was the
last of us.
"Before this occurred, I started to limber-up my pieces,
so thoroughly convinced was I that they were the confeder-
ates. But as the chief of artuiery told me that they were
my battery support, I was atraid to fire upon them. Major
Barry said,' I know it is the battery support; it is the regi-
ment taken there by Colonel < Very well,' said I,
and gave the order to fire in another direction with the bat-
tery 5 but I never delivered the fire—for we were all cut
down."
Colonel Averill says:
'< In going down the hill after the general break, I saw an
lA/tv ffnllrinirw. flt/mn !   -
battery is lost. 1 am afraid wc
are gone up,* or some remark to that effect. Barry then
said, * 1 am to blame for the loss of that battery: I put
Griffin there myself.' 
5. The failure to bring the reserves jnto action
at the critical moment. The reason assigned was
an insufficient staff and a lack of discipline by
brigades.
The foregoing I believe to be the true and only
reasons for the loss of the battle of Bull Run. [
am of the opinion that the remedying of any one of
the five errors would havesaved theneld,butit was
lost, and a scene too disgraceful for description
met the astonished gaze of the nation. And yet
our losses were small comparatively. Two thou-
sand five hundred men killed, wounded,and miss-
ing, in round numbers, twenty-six guns, twenty-
five army wagons, twenty-five ambulances, and
from six to eight thousand stand of arms will
cover the whole loss of that defeat.
Were the people discouraged, depressed ? Not
at all. Untold thousands rushed into the shat-
tered ranks,eager to wipe out the stain and stigma
of that defeat. From the East, the West, the
North, and the middle States, thousands and tens
of thousands and hundreds of thousands came
pouring in, until the Government said " hold,
enough." The army of the Potomac, denuded in
August of the three months' men, scarcely num-
bered fifty thousand efficient men, swelled in Sep-
tember to over one hundred thousand, in October
to one hundred and fifty thousand, in November
to one hundred and seventy-five thousand and up-
wards, until, on the 10th day of December, the
morningrollsshowed one hundred and ninety-five
thousand four hundred men, and thirteen regi-
ments not reported, chiefly intended for the Burn-
side expedition, butall under the command of Gen-
eral McCIellan. During the months of October,
November, and December, the weather was de-
lightful and the roads fine. The question began
to be asked in October, when will the advance take
place? All had the most unbounded confidence
m the army and its young general, and were anx-
iously waiting for a Napoleonic stroke. It came,
but such a stroke! That a general movement was
being prepared the whole country had known for
weeks; but when the terrific blow was to be struck
no one knew save the commander of the army of
the Potomac. The nation believed in its young
commander; the President relied upon him, and
all, myself included, had the most unbounded con-
fidence in the result of the intended movement.
It came. On the 21st of October, McCall's divis-
ion, twelve thousand strong, was ordered to
Drainesville upon a reconnoissance. Smith's di-
vision, twelve thousand strong, was ordered to
support him. McCall's reconnoissance extended
four miles beyondDrainesville,and to within nine
miles of Leesburg. Stone, on Sunday, was in-
formed of McCall's and Smith's advance, and
directed to make a slight demonstration upon Lees-
burg. How? He could do it in but one way, and
that was by crossing the river and moving upon it.
According to the testimony of Colonel Lee, con-
firmed by Major Revere, of the twentieth Massa-
chusetts, the following dispatch was sent from
McCIellan to Stone:
October 20, 1861.
General McCIellan desires me to inform you that Gen-
eral McCall occupied Drainesville yesterday, and is still
there. Will send out heavy reconnoissances to-day in all
directions from that point. The general desires that you
keep a good lookout upon Lee&burg, to see if this movement
has the effect to drive thpm away. Perhaps a slight dem-
onstration on'your part would have the effect to move them.
A.V.COLLUM,,
Jtssistant Adjutant General,
