1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4M:
Wilson's amendment was to add as a new sec-
tion :
And be it further enacted, That the fifty-fifth article of the
first section of the act of Apnl 10,10O6, chapter twenty, be,
• and the same is hereby, so amended as to read as follows:
Art. 55. Whoever, belonging to the armies of the United
States in foreign parts, or at any place within the United
States or their Territories, during rebellion against the su-
preme authority of the United States, shall force a safe-
guard, shall suffer death."
Mr. Collamer offered an amendment to the
amendment, to insert after the word "Territo-
ries," the words, " which has been or may be de-
clared to be in a state of insurrection by procla-
mation of the President of the United States."
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to withdraw my
amendment. I find, upon looking at the section
itself, that it is confined to members of the Army,
and therefore the amendment is unnecessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is at
liberty to withdraw his amendment to the amend-
ment. The question recurs on the original amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON". There was an amendment
moved to the bill by the Senator from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] which, I think, does not
roach Che object that was intended. Atany rate,
it does not do what I supposed it did when it was
offered, and I desire that a separate vote shall be
taken on concurring in that amendment. The
amendment forbids the doing of any more work
in reality, and would leave all the works just as
they are, perhaps to go to ruin or perish. I desire
that it shall be changed so as to provide that the
money appropriated by the bill shall not be used
on works hereafter to be commenced. That is
what I supposed to be the object of it at the time
it was offered. At any rate, I desire to reserve
that amendment so that we may have another vote
upon it. ♦
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
reported from the Committee of the Whole to the
Senate, and the amendment has been agreed to.
It will-now be in oider to amend the bill m any
respect.
Mr. WILSON. Let the Secretary read the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota.
The Secretary read the proviso inserted on Mr.
Wilkinson's motion, as follows:
Provided, That no part of the sum hereby appiopiiated
bhall be expended on any work lieieafter to be pei formed.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the word
" performed" and insert <s commenced;" so that
it will read:
Provided, That no part of the sum hereby appropriated
fehall be expended onany vvoik hereafter to be commenced.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read, "A bill making
an appropriation for completing the defenses of
Washington, and for other purposes."
EXPENSES OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ifit is now m order, I move
that the Senate take up the bill (S. No. 142) re-
lating to Congress.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that each Senator, at every regular session of Con-
gress, and each newly elected Senator, attending
for the first time a meeting of the Senate in the re-
cess of Congress, and each Representative and
Delegate, at every regular annual or called session
of Congress after June 30,1862, shall be allowed
and paid as mileage, at the commencement and
end of every such session and meeting, ten ccnts
per mile, to be computed by the most direct trav-
eled route from his residence to the seat of Con-
gress. A statement of the mileage ofeach Senator
is to be certified to the Secretary of the Senate,and
of each Representative and Delegate to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the House of Representatives,
by the Postmaster General, within thirty days
after the commencement of the first session of
each Congress. In case the seat of a member of
Congress or Delegate be contested successfully,
the contestant is to receive full pay; and where
the contest fails, if the House in which the con-
test occurs determine that there was reasonable
ground for the contest, the contestant is to receive
one half the pay and mileage of a member up to
the time when the contest is decided. The bill also
proposes to allow each Senator, Representative,
and Delegate annually,for postage and stationery,
the sum of §100, and provides that no allowance
for newspapers or other incidental expenses shall
be made.
The bill fixes the salary of the Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representatives
at $3,000each; fixes the number, duties, and com-
pensation of the various officers and employes of
the two Houses in detail.
Mr. SHERMAN. There arc three or four small
amendments that I desire to have made before the
bill is acted on. In section four, line six,afterthe
words "executive clerk," I move to insert "and
one journal clerk." We all supposed that proba-
bly the Senate could get along with an executive
clerk performing the duties of a journal clerk, but
I am satisfied that cannot be done. The section
will then read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Senate shall receive an annual compensation of £3,000.
That there shall be in his department, to be appointed by
him, a chief eleik, who shall receive $2,000 per annum; one
clerk, to act as disbuising and executive clerk, and one
journal clerk,$1,800 each; sixcleiks,§1,200each; one mes-
senger, #1,080, and one page, §400. All other offices and
employments in his depaitment arc hereby discontinued
and abolished. And no temporary clerks, laborers, or other
persons, shall be employed by the Secretary, or other officer
of the Senate, except such a« are in this act -specified, ex-
cept for a specific time of not more than one month, and
then only by authority of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses.
Mr. HALE. Is it the purpose of the Senator
to retain or to dispense with an executive clerk?
Mr. SHERMAN. We dispense with one of
the clerks by combining the duties of executive
clerk and those of disbursing clerk. I am satisfied
on examination that one person can do the duties
of both.
Mr. HALE. My own impression is, as I have
expressed to the Senate before—and of course what
I say now I say without reference to the present
executive clerk, because I said it before he was
appointed—that the appointment of an executive
clerk, instead of helping, hinders the business of
the Senate. Wc should have no such officcr dis-
tinct from the general officers subject to the su-
pervision and control of ihe Secretary of the Sen-
ate. It never was so until a few years ago; and
I appeal to the experience of all the members of
the Senate who were here in olden times, when the
executive files were under the supervision of a
very excellent clerk that used to be here, who was
then Colonel Hickey—no such person being Iitc
now, sir, [laughter]—whether the executive files
were not better kept than they ever have been
sincc. It is vastly better that the whole clerical
force at the desk, including the executive files,
should be under one head, and that is the Secre-
tary,and that there should not be such an anom-
aly in the Secretary's office as an executive clerk
holding hisoffice under a resolution of the Senate,
all the rest of the clerks being subject to the gen-
eral supervision and control of the Secretary of
the Senate. My own experience, when I have
had occasion to go to the executive files, has sat-
isfied me, as I stated to the Senate on a former
occasion, that the appointment of an executive
clerk hinders instead of helps our business. The
manner in which wc first came into such a prac-
tice is probably familiar to the Senate. A change
came over the politics of the country about the
time that the Nebraska bill was under considera-
tion. The Whig party died of that, and the Dem-
ocratic party took sick and lingered but a little
while 
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow me,
as he does not speak to any amendment that is
pending 
Mr. HALE. Yes I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no amendment to
strike out the executive clerk. I hope he will
allow me to make the formal amendments which
are necessary, and then he can go on.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to interfere with
the Senator. I only want the Senate to bear in
raind what I have said, so that I shall not have to
repeat it when I come in order a°;am.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, to the
fourth section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move in the second line of
the seventh section to strike out "clerk" and in-
sert " private secretary;" so that it will readi
The Vice President is authorized to appoint a private sec-
retary at a salary of §1,500 per annum.
I do this to conform to the custom.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move in the thirteenth
line of the thirteenth section to strike out "two
dollars" and insert " $1 50" for the pages of the
House of Representatives, so that they shall re-
ceive the same pay fixed in a previous section for
the pages of the Senate—§1 50 a day.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move in the second line
of the fourteenth section, to strike out the word
" clerk" and insert" messenger;"and in the third
line to strike out " $1,500," and insert" 11,080;"
so that it will read:
The Speaker of the House of Representatives is author-
ized to appoint a messenger, at an annual salary of §1,080.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word "any" should
be inserted before " way" in the seventeenth line
of the fifteenth section. It is a clerical omission.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understood that these
were "formal amendments" which the Senator
from Ohio desired to make, in order to have the
bill his own way; but inasmuch as they are made
by a vote in open Senate, are we not precluded
from touching them hereafter?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have offered the amend-
ments merely to correct the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. If that was done without
our vote, nobody would have any objection; but
if \ve are to be foreclosed by the vote now taken,
I must protest against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
are made by a vote of the Senate, and are incor-
porated in the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will they not be subject
to amendment hereafter?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now in
Committee of the Whole. The amendments made
will be reported to the Senate hereafter, to be again
voted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to spend the
time of the Senate in debating this bill. It is plain,
and relates to matters with which we arc perfectly
familiar. The most important feature of the bill
is the reduction of the mileage of members ofCon-
gress. According to the present system, we each
receive forty cents a mile going and coming, com-
puted by a very circuitous route. Under the pres-
ent bill, ten cents a mile will be allowed for each
session of Congress, computed on the direct route
usually traveled, the route to be stated and fur-
nished by the Postmaster General. The reduction
amounts to $194,675; and it seems to me very
proper that in the proposed reduction of expend-
itures which are to follow, the members of Con-
gress should commence by cutting off one of the
most glaring abuses that have existed in the ex-
penditureofourGovernment. I have a table before
me which gives a statement of the present com-
pensation of the officers of the two Houses of
Congress and their compensation under this bill.
The reduction is only about $60,000, so that it
will be found wc have not very seriously affectcd
the compensation of our employes, although in
some cases we have rcduced the number; but we
have regulated the number so that it cannot be
exceeded; and I think we have embodied in the
bill some very useful provisions to prevent abuses
hereafter, especially in the article of stationery and
things of that kind. I will not consume the time
of the Senate with debate.
I have said that 1 have in my hand tabular state-
ments which show what is proposed to be done;
and thatSenators may have thatinformation before
them I present them^o the Senate:
Statement showing an estimate oj the mileage paid members
of Congress under the present law, and aho under Senate
hill No'. 14-2:
Total mileage paid mombeis at one session §243,097
Estimated mileage to be paid under Senate bill
No. 142  48,352
Reduction $1(J4.6"5
A reduction of seventeen per cent, on total pay
of members.
