TH1 ^CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
General McCall says:
« General McClelfan told me, when he gave me the orders
t<y march Saturday morning, that there were no confederate
troops at Lees burg, that they had (eft there several days be-
fore. On my Arrival at Drainesviile all the inhabitants told
wie that the brigade at Leesburg had crossed Goose Creek,
and returned to Manassas on Tuesday. That was a thing
clearly understood. We did not see a man on the Leesburg
road. I ascertained afterwards that Evans had sent back his
heavy baggage with a guard ; and that body crossing Goose
Creek gave rise to the report that he had retired with his
whole force. Rat he was there at the time I was at Draines-
viile, bat I did not know it. Had I been ordered forward,
I have not the slightest doubt that I could have defeated
Evans and captared his whole command. But it certainly
"would have been a very delicate matter; because they could
have thrown up twenty or thirty thousand men from Centre-
Mile, and cut off my retreat from Drainesviile."
In another place, General McCall says:
"At six o'clock, Monday morning, I reported to him
^General McClellan] that the cngineeia whom I had con-
sulted reported to me that they would finish their work in
two hours. I sent that, express, to General McClcilan at
■six oMlock. Igot hH reply, dated eight o'clock, telling me
to return as soon as the work was finished. I got his an-
swer between nine and ten o'clock. I otdered the troops
<Uien to be ready to move, and as soon na the work was fin-
ished, I returned to my camp under orders."
Here are the orders given by General Stone on
that occasion:
Headquarters, Camp of Observation,
Pooles viLijii, October 20,1861,10£ p. in.
^Special Orders, No, —.]
Colonel Devens will land opposite Harrison's Island with
live companies of hi* regiment, and proceed to surprise the
-oamp of the enemy discovered by Capt«un Philbrick m the
"direction of Leesburg. The landing and march will be
effected with silence and rapidity.
Colouel Lee, twentieth Massachusetts volunteers, will,
Immediately nttPrCoIonel Dcvent>'s departure, occupy Har-
rison's Island with four companies of Ills icguuent, and will
causc the four-oared boat to be taken acio&s the inland to
the point of departuie of Colonel Devens.
One company will be thrown across to occupy the height*
•on the Viigmia shore, after Colonel Devtms's departure, to
oovcr his return.
Two mountain howitzers will be taken silently up the
tow-path, and carried to the opposite hide of the island,
under the orders of Colouel Lee.
Colonel Devens will attack the camp of the enemy at day-
break, and having routed them, will pursue them as far as
\w drums prudent, and will destroy the camp, if practica-
ble, before returning.
He will make all the observations possible on the coun-
try, will, under all circumstances, keep his command welt
in hand, and not sacrifice them to any supposed advantage
•of rapid pursuit. *
Having accomplished thto duty, Colonel Devens will re-
turn to his present position, unless he shall see one on the
"Virginia side nearer the river, which he can undoubtedly
'hold until reinforced, and one which can be successfully
held tigalnst largely superior numbers, in such case, he
'Will hold on and report. CHARLES 1'. STONE,
Jirii^adUr Genera/.
Great carc will be used by Colonel Devens to prevent any
mwieeesHarylnjuiyof private property; and any officer or
.soldier straggling from flu: command foi curiosity or plun-
-der will be instantly shot.
CHAUTJW t*. STONE,
JSrigadier General.
itBAlXiOARTKRS Coitl'S OF OHSnRVATlON,
KoWards's I-Vrry, October %\<> 18GI.
Colonist. : In cake of heavy firing in fiont of Harrison's
t&duud, you will advance the California regiment of your
'brigade, or retire the regiments under Colonels Lee and
'Devens, now on the Virginia aide of the river, at your dis-
cretion, assuming command on arrival.
Very respectfully, colonel, yours, most kindly,
CHARLES I\ STONE,
ito'g;adicr Cbmmanding.
«Coldnel B. B. Baker., Commanding Brigade.
tttudqtfaimms Corps of Observation,
Edwards'# Ferry, October % 1,11.50.
Oowset: i am informed that the force of the enemy is
about four thon.sind, all told, if you can pusli them you
way do so as fai n* to have a strong position near Lees-
burg, If you c.m keep thun before yon, avoiding their bat-
aeries. If they pass Le^buig and take the Gum Springs
road, you mil not follow far, but sei/c the .first good posi-
tion to cover that toad. Their design is to draw us on, if
they are obliged lo retreat, as far as Goose Creek, where
they can be reinforced from Manassas. J have n strong
position, lleport frequently,so that when they are pushed
Got man can come iv> on their flank.
Yours respectfully and truly,
CHARLES P. STONE,
Brigadier General Commanding.
Colonel E. D. Raker, Commanding Brigade.
Thus it is shown that Colonel Baker had reason
to cxpect reinforcements, for the enemy were to
be pushed upon their flank by General Gorman.
At two o'clock on Monday morning Colonel
Devens crossed the river upon a reconnoissance
with four hundred men at Ball's Bluff, opposite
Harrison's Island,as directed by General Stone.
At dayhght Colonel Baker was ordered to cross
to the support of Colonel Devens. I have read
his orders. One scow and two small boats were
their only means of transportation. At eight
o '<2ioek on Monday morning the fight commenced
by ColonefDevens, and Colonel Baker was placed
in command, as is alleged, with discretionary~
orders. Colonel Baker knew that Smith and Mc-
Call were at Drainesviile, or within striding dis-
tance, that our troops were crossing at Edwards's
Ferry, or, in other words, that forty thousand ef-
fective men were within twelve miles of him, and
that at least thirty thousand were upon the Vir-
ginia side of the Potomac, and that in the nature
of things he must be reinforced. He did not know
that at half past ten, a. m., of Monday, or two
and one half hours after Colonel Devens com-
menced the fight, the divisions of Smith and Mc-
Call commenced their retreat, by the express orders
of General McClellan. He knew that Colonel
Devens was contending with greatly superior
forces, and, like a gallant soldier as he was, he
hastened to his relief with all the force he could
cross with his inadequate means of transportation.
Colonel Baker has been charged with impru-
dence and rashness; but neither the facts nor the
testimony support the charge. Instead of rashly
or impiudently advancing into the enemy's lines,
as was alleged, he did not move ten rods from
the Bluff, and the only sustaining witness to this
charge was one officer, who swore that he thought
Colonel Baker imprudently exposed himself to the
enemy's bullets. This kind of rashness is usually
pardoned after the death of the perpetrator. At two
o'clock, p. m., Colonel Baker found himselfin com-
mand of about eighteen hundred men upon Ball's
Bluff, including Devens's men and three guns,
and the fighting commenced. The alternatives
were fight and conquer, surrender or be captured.
That noble band of heroes and their gallant com-
mander understood these terrible alternatives as
well upon that bloody field as we do now, and
nobly did they vindicate their manhood. During
all those long hours, from two o'clock, p. m., until
the early dusk of evening, the gallant Baker con-
tinued the unequal contest, when he fell pierced by
three bullets and instantly expired. A council of
war was called, (after the frightful death-struggle
over his lifeless remains and for them,) and it was
decided that the only chance of an escape was by
cuttingthroughtheenemyand reaching Edwards's
Ferry, which was at once decided upon; but while
forming for the desperate encounter, the enemy
rushed upon our little band of heroes in overpow-
ering numbers, and the rout was perfect.
Colonel Dovens says:
" As we were talking, Colonel Cogswell came up, and It
appeared in a moment that he wa? the officer entitled to
take the command. Colonel Cogswell said to me,4 Colo-
nel Devens, we should, 1 think, make an effort to cut our
way to tfdward^s Pony ; that ts the thing to bo done.' I re-
plied to him, a> I had to Colonel Lee, that I would take any
ordeis of Jus."
Colonel L'-e says:
"Captain Iftirvoy, of Colonel Baker's staff, his adjutant
general, came up, and said that he believed that Colonel
Cogswell was the senior officer. Colonel Cogswell was a
stranger to me; I knew he was on the field; bat whether
he was my senior or I his, was a question I would not de-
termine there. But,us Captain ilaivcystateditconfideut-
!y, I accepted it as a fact; for it was no time to dispute
about rank oil a field of battle like that. I said,1 Very
well5 what are your orders?' { I think,'said Colonel Cogs-
well, f that we better tiy to cut our way through the en-
emy to the left, and reach Edwaulh's Ferrywhich is from
two and a half to three nules distant from where we were."
Major John Mix, third New York cavalry,
says, in answer to the question:
"What number of men would have driven off the enemy
at Ball's Bluff if j-ou had gone up ?
" Answer. I think almost any number would, because we
would have attacked them on their fiank and rear. I think
twenty-five men would have seated them off, for being in
the woods, and coining right out upon them they would have
thought there was something terrific coming.
" Question. How many men had you over there (Ed-
wards's Ferry) at the tune you wanted to go up to Bali's
Bluff?
"Answer. f think not over fourteen hundred men."
General Stone says, (first testimony:)
_ "Now, here at Edwards's Ferry is Goose Creek, (indica-
ting on the map ) Here to an intrenebment of the enemy
on the road to Leesburg, and there is another intrenchment
in there, (indicating the places ) This is wooded ground
along here, (above the fcrrv on the Virginia side.) When
this lire commenced heavily on our right in the afternoon,
these troops of the left would have gone up, as a matter of
course, had it not been fully explained in the morning that
that was an impossibility, there being two mtrenchmerits
of the enemy here armed with cannon. It was known be-
forehand that they were there." * * * *
" Question. They could not go directly up on account of
these batteries ?
"•Answer. No, sir; and that was known and explained
to Colonel Baker before he started." * * * *
" Question. What was the strength of those batteries?
" Answer. They were vyithin the woods, and we could
not tell what they were; they might be very weak or very
strong. All I knew about them wa& that they were in the
woods, and that they had open spaces for the guns to play^
and I knew there were-three guns there."
Major Mix says^^«apswer to the question:
" Question. Were tfireie'any fortifications between the
two places that would'have obstructed you ?
ii Answer. Yes, sir; theite was an earthwork on a hill,
some three and a half feet wall, which did not amount to
much. If I bad not met that regiment, it was my intention
to gallop throagh that work.
" Question. Were there any guns in it ?
" Answer. I was informed by General Stone that there
was not. He said the guns had been moved out a day or
two before. I asked him if 1 could go through it, and he said
I might if it was not held too strongly." * * * *
" Question. Would it have impeded your going up there^
Did he [General Stone] think it would?
" Answer. No, sir ; I do not think it did.
" Question. He thought there were a thousand men with
three guns in the way?
" Answer. I only heard that statement about the regiment
and three guns about three or four weeks ago."
This testimony was taken February 14, 1862$
Stone's first testimony was taken January 5,
1862.
" In a conversation with General Stone, I was regretting
that we had not moved up; and he said we could not have
got there for that reason.
" Question. Did you know at the time of any obstruction
to your going up there ?
" Answer. No, sir."
Major Dimmick testifies:
" Question. When did you go up to this breastwork ?
" Answer. I went up there Wednesday morning a little
before day, just at break of day. I think there were men
inside; we could see figures moving, but we could not tell
whether they were armed or not. The day before, duiing
the skirmish, men were seen there throwing up earth. It
was evidently very hastily constructed,'nothing but a very
simple earthwork running across the road, perhaps forty
paces long.
" Question. Would you have considered that at that time
any impediment to the march ofinfantiy?
"Answer. Not atall; hardly more than if you should turn
this table upon its side, and put some men behind it. The
boys were so anxious to go that they would hardly wait
for the order to go."
Colonel Tompkins testifies:
" Question. Were there any obstacles in the way of your
going up to Ball's Bluff?
"Answer. None at all. No doubt we would have had to
fight, a little oh our way up. But I think by going up that
way, on that side, we would have drawn their attention to-
wards us, and engaged them so that Colonel Baker's forces
would have had an opportunity to have got a better foothold
than they bad. lie had a horribly bad place to cross there."
**********
" Question. Did yousee any batteries, or anything of that
kind, that would have prevented your going \m to Ball's
Bluff?
"Answer. No, sir; I did not. We did not receive any
fire from any batteries."
Philip Haynes testifies:
" Question. Are you acquainted with the ground on the
Virginia side between Edwards's Ferry and Ball's Bluff?
" Answer, Ceitamly, 1 think I ought to be. I have been
up and down there a great many times.
" Question. Is there any difficulty in the way of men
passing from Edwards's Ferry to Ball's Bluff on the Virginia
side ?
"Answer. I should think not,
" Question. Are there any fortifications there that you
know of?
" Answer. It was reported that there was a little em-
bankment there, but the men would notiequire to go within
a half mile of that to go to Ball's Bluff.
" Question. Were there any guns mounted there?
"Answer. Ineverheardofauy." * * * *
" Question. There was no obstacle to infantry marching
right up?
" Answer. None at all, except right on the bluff by the
river. The land is rolling there as it is about Cham Bridge ;
but after you get fromjthe river about an eighth of a mile it
is perfectly accessible Jfor infantry."
General Stone says, (second examination:)
" Question. They have no guns to cannonade with ex-
cept west of Leesburg ?
" Answer. None atall that are in position,nor have they
had any at any time. According to the last information
which I obtained, they had three field guns that moved from
point to point; those field guns they move about."
How many were killed in battle, how many
drowned in the relentless river, will never be cor-
rectly known; suffice it to say our little force was
destroyed. Why was this little band permitted
to be destroyed by a force little more than double
its numbers in presence of forty thousand splen-
did troops? Why were McCall and Smith ordered
back at the very moment that Baker was ordered
to cross? If we wanted Leesburg, McCall could
have taken it without the loss of a man, as his
movement in mass had already causcd its evacu-
ation, and the enemy did not return in force until
after McCall had retreated. If we did not wish
to capture Leesburg, why did we cross at all ? Of
whatudeis d elight demonstration" even, with-
