1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
ical position and the fact that they have interests
both North and South. Such, however, is the
fact; and in what I say to-day I shall try to rep-
resent what I regard to be the views and opinions
of my own loyal and conservative State.
Since I came here, what have I found ? Instead
of Senators avoiding questions which are calcu-
lated to enlist the bitterest feelings in particular
sections of the country, bill after bill is presented
which is calculated, in my judgment, to inflame
and irritate and occasion sectional discord; and
my purpose is to-day to give the reasons for the
votes I shall give upon them. I find here a bill
on the subject of carrying the mail by colored
people. 1 find here a bill on the subject of the
elective franchise in the District of Columbia, re-
ducing the residence required to six months. I
find a proposition here to reduce States of this
Union to Territories. Turn which way I will, I
meet questions of this sectional charactcr all
around me.
1 must say, with all due respect to gentlemen
who take a different view, that it seems to me
.thereare other questions which ought to be looked
into by the Senate, and that are, at least, as press-
ing and important as these. I surely regard the
confiscation bill as of more moment, and more
interest for the suppression of the rebellion than
any question before the Senate. Such a bill prop-
erly guarded is essentially called for by the coun-
try, and is, in my judgment, imperatively de-
manded as one of the means to put down this
rebellion. Besides, there are questions of revenue,
and questions affecting the payment of our troops,
which earnestly and loudly call for our speedy
attention. At this very hour, while we are dis-
cussing this bill, there are portions of our Army
that for months have received no pay. I think it
would become us more properly if our time were
devoted to such questions as are connected with
the proper prosecution of the war.
I have presented a bill on the subject of the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
It is not my bill. It is a copy, as I am advised,
of a bill introduced by the present worthy Presi-
dent of the United States when he wan a member
of the HouscofRepresentativos in 1848. I donot.
say that I favor all its provisions; butu is so much
better than the bill before the Senate,and theindi-
eai ions are that some bill will be passed on this sub-
ject, that 1 have thought proper to submit it. I
need not say that if there had been no bill intro-
duced m this Congtess on the subject of slavery in
the District of Columbia by any other member,
there would have been none presented by myself.
I gieatly prefer, in the present distracted condi-
tion of out country, that questions of this char-
acter should be passed by. I have presented this
bill because it has two features which I regard as
very important, and indeed, essentia), if any such
measure is to pavss. It provides for the gradual
emancipation of the slaves in this District, mid
upon this point! desire to call the attention of the
Senate to a precedent made m a similar case by
the distinguished patriot and statesman of Penn-
sylvania, who was on yesterday alluded to by the
Senator from Massachusetts, Benjamin Franklin.
Pennsylvania, in 1790, with less than half a mil-
lion of white population and less than four thou-
sand slaves, did not see proper to make a sudden
and radical change m her domestic or social sys-
tems. In a statute of two or three short sections,
preceded by a terse and beautiful preamble, a por-
tion of which I shall heie rend:
" Wo esteem it a peculiar ble^tn" sit anted to us, that we
are enabled tim dny to add one mote step to universal civil-
ization. by removing, as much ay pn^jble, i!ie soriowsof
those who have hvod  n uiuk'.seivcd bondage, and ftom
which, by the assumed authonry of the kmg^ot Great ijtit-
am, no effectual legal relief eotifd be obtained. Weaned,
by along course of c.\pe:iencc, fioin those nanovv preju-
dices and partialities we had imbibed. we find oat heaits
enlarged with kindness atid benevolence towauis men of
all conditions and nations; and we conceive omseives at
this paiticuiar period exiraordmat ily called upon, by the
blessings which we have received, to manifest the sincer-
ity of our profession, and to give a substantial pioof of our
giatitudclJurdon's Digeif, p. 861.
A striking and beautiful preamble, one worthy
of the man, worthy of the occasion. This is fol-
lowed by two short and simple sections, provid-
ing that slaves born in Pennsylvania, when they
arrived at twenty-eight years of age should befiee,
and hence slavery existed in Pennsylvania until
1840. The point, however, is this: here was a
State with five hundred thousand white popula-
tion, with less than four thousand slaves, and that
eminent statesman who, it is said, drafted the pre-
amble 1 have just read, did not see fit to change the
condition of things then existing by a sudden law,
but left it to work by that gradual process which
I think it would be proper for us at this time to
rely upon to accomplish the result which gentle-
men have in view. The great misfortune is that
we have a class of men in this country who are
never satisfied with gradual results. The history of
the world is full of instances of men rushing along
and tearing down in their impetuous course the
pillars of society, and actually retarding the very
thing which they aimed to accomplish. A wise
and prudent statesman takes things as he finds
them, and endeavors to adapt his legislation to the
condition of society.
I propose in the bill which I have submitted, to
adopt a provision looking; to the gradual abolish-
ment of slavery in this District. 1 believe that no
sudden change should be made.
I cannot vote for the bill presented by the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia for various reasons. If that bill passes in its
present form, there is nothing to hinder a man
from Virginia, m a portion of which slavery is
now practically extinguished, bringing in his
slaves, or purchasing them at twenty dollars,and
selling them at $300 to the Government. The bill
does not prohibit anything of that kind. But, sir,
allusion was made yesterday by the Senator from
Massachusetts to Mr. Adams. So far as I know
Mr. Adams—and 1 had the pleasure of serving
with him in the Twenty-Eighth Congress, wheie
I agreed with him on the subject of the light of
petition, and voted with him to repeal the rule
prohibiting the reception of such petitions—his
public record, if I mistake not, is certainly against
the abolishing of slavery in this District. When
he was arraigned before the House of Represent-
atives in 1837, he said:
u Sir, it W well known to all the memheis of this House,
it is certainly well known to all petitioner fot the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia, that from the day i
enteied tin*. IJou*-e down to the picsontmomont, 1 have in-
variably here, and in vat iabiy eUe where, declaied my opin-
ions to be advei-e to the piayer of petitions which call for
the abolition of slavery in the Dir-tnet ot Columbia.'"—
C'ongietsional Debutes, vol. J3, pait2, p. lo79.
Subsequently, on the 21st of January, 1839,
when the question came up m another form, he is
thus reported to have spoken:
lC Mr. Adam-; then made hi* statement, in the coinse ot
which he distinctly avened that, ihough he had so cam-
ef t!> advocated the tight ot prisons to petition lot the abo-
lition of <Javety in the Di^ti irt of Columbia, yet ho was not
Junwlf prepated to giant their pr.tvet. On the eontiarv,if
the question wete pu'&entrd at once, he should vote nganK^t
it- He knew not what change nn^iit be wiought upon his
mind by a lull and lair di-'cu^um ; but as yet he had ^cen
no reason to change Ins opinion, though lie had lead all
that had been wntren and published on tins subject by the
Abolitionists themselves —Congressional Globe,Twenty-
Fifth Congress, third se&sion, vol". 7, p. 137.
Mr. Adams said this in 1837 and 1839, when the
slave population of this District was double what
it is now—when there were slave pens and slave
markets here. Ho said this m view of the facts
then before him. He was a man of discernment,
a man of comprehensive mind, and this was the
manner in which he looked at the question.
Look at slavery m this District, and sec the pro-
cess through which it is going, and I think gen-
tlemen will be satisfied that if we let it alone, in
ten years or less there will be no slavery here.
One would have supposed from the remarks of a
Senator the other day, that there had been no le-
gislation on this subject here; hut the fact is that
Congress, by a law passed in 1850, make a black
man free the moment he is hiought here for sale.
The slave pens and the slave maikets have been
abolished. I am told that it is a very rate thing
to see a slave sold here. I am no apologist for
slavery. I am opposed to it by prejudice and by
education. It has destroyed the Democratic party,
and through us destruction has paved the way to
the destruction of our Government itself.
If the friends of humanity will only take the
world as it is and let influences operate that are
; now operating, and not undertake to hasten these
things, there will very soon be no slavery in the
District of Columbia.
Theie is another reason why I cannot vote for
tins bill. It is, that the Senate has decided against
the principle of colonization. In Indiana we have
settled this question explicitly and firmly by con-
stitutional provision. Illinois is doing it. Ohio
will do it, in my judgment. We tell you that the
black population shall not mingle with the white
population in our States. We tell you thatin your
zeal for emancipation you must ingraft coloniza-
tion upon your measure. We intend that our
children shall be raised where their equals are, and
not in a population partly white and partly black;
that they shall see those around them who are on
an equality, and we know that equality never can
exist between the two races. .Never can I vote
for this bill unless the principle of colonization is
ingrafted upon it. The people of Indiana, in 1850,
decided in favor of prohibition and colonization
by ninety thousand majority, and the question
was understood by every voter in the State. The
State of Illinois has just ingrafted a provision in
her constitution which, I have no hesitation in
saying, from my knowledge of her people, repre-
sents their views. It is in these words:
"Sec. 1. No negro or mulatto shaM migrate oi settle in
this State after the adoption ot this constitution
4k Sec. 2. No negio oi mulatto shall have the right of suf-
frage,m hold any other in this State.
" Sec. 3 The General Assembly fhall pa«sall laws neces-
sary to cariy into effect the provisions of tills article."
We in the Northwest feel the force of the idea
that was alluded to by my friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] the other day, when he told an
anecdote respecting the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. CollaiMER. ] When that distinguished mem-
ber of Cong! ess told his constituent that one sixth
of all the population in his town was likely to be
black, if they took their share of the negroes, he
exclaimed, " do not name the subject of slavery
in Congress." The reason of this is clean this
man knew, if slavery was abolished, ar.d in his
town they should receive their pro rata of these
freed slaves, one sixth of his population would be
black. Thus do we understand this matter; and
in the relation which we sustain to the South, as
one of the central States, we do not intend to allow
our region of country to be ovenun by the black
race. Such is the prejudice, such is the settled
conviction of our people, that the wall which wo
have erected is to stand. We intend to have in
our State, as far as possible, a white population,
and we do not intend to have our jails and peni-
tentiaries filled with the free blacks.
It is now proposed, so far as the action of the
Senate is concerned, to turn the slaves loose, and
make the District of Columbia the receptacle of
the free blacks of the neighboring States, I re-
ceived a letter this morning saying, that if you
must pass this bill you should inseit a prevision
prohibitingfree black men from entenng the Dis-
ttict, which I know some gentlemen would dis-
like very much to vote for; and yet I think you
will find that it will be called for by the people of
this District. I am also under the impression that
in 1837, Air. Adams, in addition to what I have
already read from his speeches, took the ground
that whenever such a bill should be passed by
Congiess, it ought to be submitted to the people
of the District of Columbia before going into op-
eration. I know gentlemen may have a good deal
to say about the doctrine of popular sovei eignty,
which I am not going to discuss; but if the legal
voters of this District have any rights at all, if
there be any subject upon which they should be
consulted, surely this question of their domestic
policy is one concerning which their views ought
to be regarded.
In this connection, as I do not desire to trouble
the Senate with remarks as the various measures
come up, I desiie to say a word in regard to the
recent message of the President of the United
States. Theie is one thing in that message that
I approve of most distinctly, and that is his as-
sertion that—
11 Such a proposition on the part of the Geneial Govern-
ment j eti up no claim of a tight by Fedcial authority to
lntei lere with slavery within State limits, loteuing, as it
docs, the absolute eontiol of the subject m each eat e to the
State and its people immediately interested. It is proposed
as a matter ot perfectly free choice with them."
But so far as I know, this is the first effort in
the history of this country where the President
of the United States, or the Government of the
United States, in power, has ever proposed to a
sovereign State of this Union anything connected
with her domestic policy. I am not awaieof any
precedent like this. !t may be that I read erro-
neously when I was in [Europe; but I remember,
before J left the Old World, reading of a distin-
guished geniletnan who, having crossed over the
