1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
Potomac, and looking at the army of one hundred
and fifty or two hundred thousand glittering bay-
onets, arid then looking back at this Capitol, ex-
claimed: " this is the last of this Government;
State lines will be blotted out." It may be so;
but never, by my vote, shall any step towards
this end be taken. The Senator from Massachu-
setts yesterday repeated the sentiment, which I
suppose was proclaimed in this country a thou-
sand times in 1860, "freedom is national, and
slavery is sectional." But there is another senti-
ment, to every true American as endeared and
beau tiful—the Constitution is national, and the right
of the people of the States to make their own domestic
institutions is national.
The proposition of the President is at variance
with all my recognized notions of State rights.
Mr. Jefferson as early as 1809 seemed to compre-
hend the effort that might be made in after time
to strike down the State governments, and in one
ofhis letters used language like this: "Our State
governments, which are the very best upon earth,
are now almost swallowed up by the General
Government." If Mr. Jefferson said this at so
early a day, I do not know what he would say
now when the House of Representatives, by a de-
cided majority, has passed a resolution suggested
bv the President, telling the people of a certain
section of this country, on a subject of their own
domestic policy, "do this, and we will do that."
It will be time enough for us to act on this ques-
tion, if it must come up here, when the people of
a State shall have presented it to the Congress of
the United States. 1 never intend, as a public man,
under any circumstances, to do anything which
will strike a blow at one of the rights of the
States. I am for the old-fashioned State-rights doc-
trine—I do not mean the Kentucky State-rights
doctrine that denies the right of the President to
send his Army there—but I mean that each State
has a right to regulate its domestic policy, includ-
ing all the social relations and the internal gov-
ernment of the State, and that the national Gov-
ernment has no right to intimate, to suggest, or to
make the first step'tosvaids interference; ami when-
ever Unit is done, I have no hope of this Govern-
ment. Jeffeison comprehended it all when he
said:
" You have seen the piaetiep*. by which the public seiv-
ants have been able to cover their conduct, or, wheie that
couiti not lie done, delusions by which tliey have varnished
it 101 Ihu eye. ol iheii constituent- Whutanauumcntatio.i
o! Hi" fi"l(f''oi jobbing, speculating, pluiideiiiig.nlfice build-
in!; and office-hunting would be pioduced by an a—umptioii
uf*ai! tlie Si tie poweis into lilt: linuds of the Grnci.i! Gov-
0111111"!)!. The line theniv ofom Constitution Id smelvtiic
wisest and l>e-..t, that tile Statesare independent,is to eveiy-
thtns within them elves, and united aJ to everytlitnii re-
spcchn" loiel<;n nations."—soil 's Works, vol 4, p 331
The idea lie goes on to elaborate in his letters i
is, tii.it, in relation to the powers lhat belong to !
the States, they ate independent, and they are to j
be left free; but he grasped with Ins m:ghty mtel- [
leet this ilionglit—and who has not seen itexem- j
plified in our day—that in proportion as you take |
hold of these powers, in proportion as you assume
them, you open the field for corruption, for job- j
biiig, for office hunting,and plundering,and spec- j
ulauiig: and if I had to suinup, 111 a few woids,
the origin and histoiy of this rebellion, I would
say that it resulted from this very disease of plun-
dering and office hunting by bad men. 1 have
no hope of this country one hour longer than we
rjo-idly adhere to the great doctrine of leaving the
Si'iiies to manage their own concerns, anil confin-
ing the GenercdGovernment appropriately within
its own sphere.
When 1 have looked at the condition of my
country, I have thought of a little mem-nto that
I brought from the Old World. [The honorable
Senate!' held in his hand a beautiful glass orna-
ment, which gentlemen use to prevent the dis-
placement of their papers, in the center of which
was a shield representing the General Govern-
ment, encircled by highly colored at monal bear-
in2;s of the respective Cantons of which the Swtss
Confederation consists, with the name of each.]
It is a beautiful little memorial of the Swiss Re-
public. Here are twenty-two different Cantons,
differing ill their religion, some of them Catholics,
•some of them Protestants, differing in their lan-
cruaT. some speaking the I^rench, some the Gei'-
man>, some the Italian, some the Komiinscli, and
yet there is a central Government, and its President
is paid $1,500 a year, if I remember aright. They
differ in all their domestic policy. They have had
two secession movements in the last forty or fifty
years, both of which have been put down by the
central power. I have thought, when wandering
through her beautiful villages and fields, looked
upon her lovely lakes and grand mountain scenes,
and the happiness of her people, that we could
learn from this peaceful, contented country the
great lesson: attention to our own domestic pol-
icy at home in our several States, and have a cen-
tral Government with a few powers; this central
Government properly to apply these powers, and
not undertake in any manner to invaae the rights
of the different States.
Mr. President, there is another argument against
this measure. In the present condition of our
country, and in the state of things around us, I
think it is the part of wisdom to consult the bor-
der States in relation to their views on measures
of this kind. In 1812, when New England be-
came very near wild upon the commercial policy,
if we had seen proper to ask any one to come in to
settle the controversy, we should not have looked
to South Carolina. If you propose to settle any
of these questions at this day, I think it is the part
of wisdom to look to the border States—Maryland,
Delaware, Virginia, Kentucky, Missouri. I do
not know that we could refer to a safer arbitra-
ment, a more disinterested judge; and I say to my
friends of the North, while we are looking at tins
question in relation to its colonization features,
looking to abolition in the District of Columbia,
it is the part of wise statesmen to regard the views
and sentiments of the border States. I believe
they are all arrayed against this measure as ill-
advised and inexpedient, and tliey think it ought
to be postponed to some other time, when it can
he presented fairly before all the members of this
Confederacy, and the public mind can consider it
calmly.
It may be asked what do you propose to do
with these questions when they come up. I do
not know any better principle for my government
than to prosecute this war and let time, that great
arbiter, determine the proper remedies. Theio are
certain silent forces at work which I am willing
to allow to operate. You have this population in
your cities now, more than you know what to do
with. Your Army is going to teach the people of
theSouth certain things and to learn certain tilings
in return. There are two witnesses on the stand.
There are four hundred thousand privates and
officers from the northern States now in the South
on slave territory. They will see slnveiy as it is,
not as they hear of it from politicians; they will
BVI,1V ,, see it with'their own eyes. You have in the North
ncr re- !! twenty thousand prisoners who were raised in the
11 South; there aie five thousand of them in my own
State. They will see our institutions as they are.
They will be witnesses against you and me. In
the next ten years they are to fill these seats; they
are to come into Congress. There are other ele-
ments at woilc. If 1 am not misinformed, seventy
men belonging to one northern regiment were
maii'ied m the State of Maryland in the last six
months. I know men from my State and New
York who have bought land m Maryland in the
last three weeks. Within fifiy miles of where 1
am talking to you to-day, northern inen will be
found 111 less than sixty days turningup the earth
and putting in clover and furnishing this market.
If you wili onlv let the Aimy and the war alone,
and not disturb the peace and harmony of the
country with questions that have nothing to do
with the prosecution of the war, all will go well.
These are the silentforc.es to which I allude; these
are the elements that are at work. These are
some of the views that will govern mo in my op-
position to this measure if it shall be pressed to a
' vote. .
i' Here let me refer to a late proclamation of Gen-
ii era! Sherman in the South, winch has the ring of
li the true metal. He says that " the sale desire and
|: intention of the Government is to maintain the in-
i! tegnty of the Constitution and laws, and to reclaim
j1 the States revolted from the national allegiance to
!' theii foimei prosperouseoedition." Heexpresses
i <neat satisfaction at the evidence of loyalty, and
j recommends the citizens to assemble in their cities
!! and towns and precincts and throw off the sham
'' o-oveinment forced upon them, and swear tiue
fidelity and allegiance to the Constitution of the
United States, organize a State government, and
elect officers in the good old ways of peace Mr.
Underwood, for many years a member oi this
body, now a leading Union member of the Ken-
tucky Legislature, in sending to the editor of the
Louisville Journal a copy of a letter from General
Buell, says, and it is the true doctrine:
Louisville, March 17,1862.
Gentlemen : Re pleased to publish the inclosed letter re-
ceived to-day from General Buell. I am sure it will meet
the hearty appioval of every Kentuckian. -•
The rebellion is now kept alive bythe apprehension that f
the national Government ami its armies intend, to render
insecure and ultimately to destroy the institution of slavery
in the southern States, and for that purpose the Constitu-
tion of the United States is to be utterly disregarded. Ift.
my judgment, the people ot the South engaged in tbe rebel-
lion will readily lay down their arms and dubmitto the re-
establishment of our national Constitution over the whole'
country whenever they are convinced that the General Gov-
ernment and the nou-slaveholding States will in goo<j faith
adlieie to the princ.ples of the Constitution in relation to
slavoiv. I hail Geneial Buell's letter as a manifestation of
the right spiiit.
Ke*pectfully yours, J- R- UNDERWOOD.
To the Editors of the Louisville Journal.
I have the kindest feelings towards the Senator
from Massachusetts who spoke yesterday, [Mr.
Sumner;] but he will suffer me, as a plain west-
ern man, to tell him that I believe the resolutions
introduced by him, which contemplate treating
the revolted States as Territories, have done more
harm to the Union cause than the addition of fifty
thousand soldiers to the rebel army. This is plain
talk; but feeling as I do I cannot but speak plainly
and candidly.
I refer to this rather as an indication of the opin-
ion of the Union men of the South, and to give
some exhibition of the sentiment of the border
States. I do not believe that Congress intends to
pass these various bills; but this continual agita-
tion at such a time is unnerving the country, and
is calculated to estrange from our cause the entire
Union men of the South. My friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Powell] requests me to read General
Buell's letter, and I will do so.
Headquarters Department or the Ohio,
Na.siivii.le, March G, lb62.
DeahSir: I have had the honor to rcccivo your com-
munication of the Ut instant on the subject of tugitivc slaves
m the camps ot the aimy.
It ha-, come to my knowledge that slaves sometimes make
thtfii way improperly into our lines, and in some instances
they mavbo enticed there, but I think the number ha* been
magnified by rcpoit. Seveial applications have been made
to me by peisons whos>e seivauts have been found in our
camps, and in cveiy instance that I know of, the master
has lecovered bis servant and taken him away.
I need hardlyiemlnd vou that there will always be found
some law Ics* and nmchievou* persons in every army; but
I a«sure you that the mass of this army is law-abid*ng, and
that it is neither its disposition nor its policy to violate iaw
01 the rights of individuals in any particular.
With great icsppct, your obedient servant,
D. C. bUkLJj)
Brigadier General Commanding Department.
Hon. J. R. Underwood, Chairman the Military Com-
mittee, Ffankjort, Kentucky.
I hardly over refer to the course of the news-
paper press; but I voted some weeks ago for a
measure that met my hearty approval, for which
1 have been severely criticised. I would vote for
it to-morrow. I allude to the article ot wai pio-
hibiting the Army from returning fugitive slaves
to disloyal men. I am willing to leave the Con-
stitution as it is, and to leave the civil authorities
to carry it out. I am for every effort calculated
to put down this rebellion, and every measure
having that object in view, 111 my judgment, wib
receive tny support. I voted cheerfully for thfc
bill to which I allude. I do not want the Unior.
A.rmy to engage in catching slaves. I want it to
go on and meet the enemy, and let slavery take
care of itself.
Mr. President, I have no doubt we shall suc-
ceed in putting down this rebellion. I have never
doubted that. Ultra measures may prolong it;
measures that have nothing to do with the egiti-
mate prosecution of the war, and which ought not
to be introduced into Congress may prolong it;
but by a united, prompt effort for the great object
in view, in my judgment, we can put down the
rebellion. It is my conviction that in ninety days
from now. if this Congress will attend to what
appropriately belongs to it in this hour, we can
have peace in every county 111 Tennessee, and in
ninety days more we may have a Governor in
every one of the slaveholdmg States, if Congress
stands by and leaves the Constitution as it is,
without bringing up questions on which the coun-
try has been divided for years, and leaves the in-
stitution of slavery to take care of itself, and leave
the Army to proceed with the energy and nerve
