1862.
THE COffGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
now, with the amendment, of two dollars per
head upon all persons held to service, or, I be-
lieve, as the amendment puts it, the language is
two dollars per head for every person held to ser-
vice by another. I think it is a capitation tax.
It falls within both descriptions of the Constitu-
tion, in my judgment; it is both a capitation and
a direct tax; for all capitation taxes are direct
taxes. It is said this is not a tax upon persons,
but upon a " business." I think the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts said that the business of the peo-
ple m th^ South was 
Mr. SUMNER. The business of slave-mas-
ters, not of the people of the South. The busi-
ness, the employment, the avocation of a slave-
master is to hold another human being to service
or labor.
Mr. BROWNING. Well, I believe they are
the people of the South.
Mr. SUMNER. There are three hundred and
fifty thousand of them, according to the census.
Mr. BROWNING. Still they are people of the
South, I believe. Are they not?
Mr. SUMNER. They are people of the South,
not the people.
Mr. BROWNING. It may not include alt the
people of the South, but it does include a very
considerable number of them. I care nothing
about that, however. I have no objection to tax-
ing slaves, if we can doit constitutionally; I have
no objection tostrikingslavery any powerful blow
that can be struck under the Constitution, that
will tend to its ultimate extinction; for I am no
more the ad vocate of slavery or the friend of slavery
than the Senator from Massachusetts. But, sir,
I am not so anxious to strike slavery as to strike
it through the Constitution, and wound that as
deeply and as fatally as we wound that hated in-
stitution. I prefer to take the expositions of the
constitutional provisions given by those who
made the Constitution, to taking those which the
exigencies of the present times induce some per-
sons to give. I do not think I do anybody injus-
tice m saying that the anxiety to reach a particular
object gives a tinge, a coloring and character to
all their views of the Constitution, and commen-
taries upon the Constitution, at the present day.
I would rather take the expositions that were given
by the great fathers who made it, and who had
had much experience of the imperfections of the
institutions which existed befoio they made it,
and the particular dangers and difficulties that
were to be guarded against when they did make
it. I would rather take their expositions than to
rely on any crude notions of my own at the pres-
ent time, or upon the very much moie learned
and able expositions of othei s at the prosmtday.
In the case to winch the attention of the Senate
has already been called, the ease of Hylton vs.
The United States, reported in 3 Dallas, I believe
all the judges concuired in the view which the
court took of the ease, some of them stating a little
more in detail and in analysis their opinions than
others did, and Mr. Justice Paterson, in giving
his opinion, gave it m this way:
" I vtevei onto tamed a doubt that the principal, I will not
s>av the only object- that rhe fiamer? of the Constitution con-
templated as failing within the mleof appmtioument, wcie
a capitation4a\ and a tax on loud. Loeul consideiation*,
and the paiticulai clieam fance  and the leiative situation
of the tftate*, natinallv lead to thi* view of the subject.
The provihioii was nude ia fa\oi ol' the bouthein States*.
Now it is not a question as to whether it was
wisely made or not; not a question as to whether
we would have made it then or whether we would
make it now, but it is a question as to whether it
was so made, and for the reasons stated by the
judge.
" The pi ovision was made in favor of the southern State*.
They po->es<ed a Iat-re iimnbei of,-laves ; they had exten-
bive "tiaetsot ten itoiv thinly settled an J notveiy productive.
A majority of the Sute* had hut lew slaves and sevetal of
them a limited ten itot v well settled and m a high >far<* ot
cultivation. The southern States, if no piovi-um had been
mtioduced in the Constitution, would have been wholly at .
themeicy ot the othei States. Congre>s m bucli eases"'—
Just what we are proposing to do now—
" Con<rie^ in puc!i ea<e* luiirht tax -lave?, atdi^cretion or
arbitralifv, and land m evetv part ot the Union aftet the
same iate or mea-ane ; -o much a head m the fiM instance,
and so much an acie in the ;-ecoud.?J
Now, are we not proposing to tax them so much
per head m this instance, and has not the Supreme
Court of the United States decided that that pro-
vision was inserted m the Constitution for the pre- [
cise purpose of preventing us from doing any such i
thing? Mr. President, if it was put there for that
purpose I repeat again it is not for us to review at
this day the reasons upon which it was inserted,
and remodel the Constitution. It is our business
to find out what the meaning of the Constitution
was, and when we have found it we ought to
obey it.
But, sir, it is said that we can cscapc the obli-
gation of that provision—I think it amounts to
that—by changing the phraseology of the law by
which the tax is imposed, and making it a tax, as
the honorable and learned Senator from Massa-
chusetts says, upon a " business;" and that the
business of slave owners is to work their slaves.
Let us. test that for a single minute by a recur-
lence to other piovisions, remarking first, how-
ever, that if that be so what does the constitutional
provision and the constitutional guarantee which
the Supreme Court has said was made for the
benefit of the South, amount to ? Is it any barrier
between us and the attainment of our object to
strike at that institution when we choose to do so
by a change of name ? Those who male the Con-
stitution, the commentators upon it after it was
made, all concur in saying that the intention was
to prevent this direct tax upon slaves. What
does that constitutional protection and guarantee
amount to, if by a mere change of verbiage, of
language, we may attain the same end ? We say
we do not tax the slave, we only tax the master
so much per head for owning slaves and working
slaves.
Now, sir, where is the constitutional provision?
What does it amount to? Is it not worse than a
mockery? If we intend to do this, let us do it
directly; let us march up manfully to it, not beat
around the bush, not evade it, but walk up to it
and say that notwithstanding the provision,it was
unwisely made, and we will" put our heel upon it
and crush it out of the Constitution. Do that, if
we intend to do it all; and not say that while the
Constitution declares you shall not put a direct
tax on slaves, and you cannot do that, instead of
putting the tax on the slave you will put the tax
on the master for owning the slave, at so much
per head. I, for one, am not willing to do that.
If I weie going to vote for such a proposition, T
would vote for it under its appropriate name, of
so much per head on slaves.
But—and I ask the attention of the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts to what I now say—let us test his
exposition of the provision against capitation and
other direct taxes; lot us illustrate it by recurrence
to the veiy next following clause of the Constitu-
tion: "No tax or duty shall be laid on articles
exported iroin any State." The Senator will say
that we cannot lay a tax upon all the cotton, all
the tobacco, all the corn, all the wheat, all the
whisky, that shall be exported directly; the Con-
stitution forbids it, and we have sworn that we
will abide by and suppoi t the Constitution; but we
can say that the business of a distiller is to make
and export whisky, we can say that the business
of a cotton grower is to cultivate and export cot-
ton; we can say that the business of the farmer on
the piairies of Illinois is to cultivate and export
corn and wheat; and although Congress dare not
lay a duty of ten cents a bushel on every bushel
of wheat exported to a foreign country from Illi-
nois, and a cent a pound upon all the cotton that
is exported lo foreign countiies,and a cent a pound
upon all the tobacco that is exported to foreign
countries, it may still lay a duty of ten cents per
pound upon the man who raises and exports the
wheat, because that is his business, and the tax
is laid upon his business and not upon the arti-
cle.
What is the difference? I would like the Sen-
ator to explain to me, because if he can convince
me that we have the power to do this thing I shall
be willing to do it; but for the soul of me, I can
see no distinction between laying a capitation or
dueet tax upon the business of owning and work-
ing slaves and laymir a tax upon the business of
laising and exporting wheat. One is ns much a
business as the other, and if a tax is constitutional
and legitimate in the one instance, it is equally
constitutional and legitimate in the other instance.
Now, Mr, President, I think it is of infinitely
more moment to us to preserve the Constitution
as our fathers made it, the protection of which we
shall have more occasion to invoke hereafter than
we have ever had to invoke heretofore—it is of
far more importance to us to preserve this than it
is to strike at any particular business or imprest
in this country through the Constitution. lean-
not vote for the proposed- amendment to the biM
because I do not believe, and I am not inclined to
think that I shall be convinced or induced to be-
lieve, that we have any constitutional power to do
it. I would just as lief have a direct tax on every
bushel of wheat to be exported from this court-
try, and would think we had just as much power
and right to do it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean. Mr. Presi-
dent, to protract the discussion. The whole de-
bate on this topic has been confined entirely to the
subject-matter of taxing of slaves. If I read the
words of the proposed amendment aright, this
taxation of two dollars per head upon " persons
held to service" is not confined simply to slaves,
but applies to every apprentice boy in the coun-
try, whether North or South. The master of
every apprentice in the country, in either section,
will be required under this amendment to pay a
tax of two dollars per head on him as a person,
or on account of the claim which he has to the
service or labor of such apprentice. Now, sir,
there are tens of thousands of apprentice boys in
the great North this day whose service and labor
belongs to a class of small operatives, men in the
humbler sphere of life, ordinary mechanics in
every branch of trade. I do not know that in our
anxiety to levy a tax of two dollars per head upon
slaves or upon persons held to service whose face
may be black, or whose hair may be ''curly,"
according to the remark of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania', we should be, disposed to tax every
shoemaker and every hatter and every wagon-
maker in every village or city, and every farmer
throughout the great North, two dollars per head
foi every apprentice boy that he has in his service
or employment. Why not as well tax every hired
man in hm service?
Again, sir, if 1 read this amendment aright, (hav-
ing by a course of study become somewhat im-
bued with the principles of the common law, and
viewing children technically and legally, as the
law does, until they arrived at the age of majority,
as subject to the control of their parents, owing
service to them,) I do not know but that a strict
legal construction of the language of this propo-
sition will authorize the tax gatherer to collect
two dollars a head for every white child in the
country who has a parent, whether he bo rich or
poor.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a proviso expressly
against that.
Mr. TEN EYCK. That exception may be
proposed, but I do not understand that it has been
incorporated into this proposition.
Mu SUMNER. I added it myself with my
own hand.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I know there was some
conversation about it yesterday, and the Senator
from Rhode Island saw, perhaps, the propriety of
it, and agreed to accept it in Ins bill upon the sug-
gestion being made, and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts may also have adopted it; but up to that
time such persons were not exempted from this
tax. I am very glad to hear that the exception has
been made. But, sir, why is this exception made ?
Why should not a father or a mother be requited
to pay a tax of two dollars per head upon his or
her child as well as a master or mistress upon an
apprentice in his or her service or employment?
There is great thrift, and, I believe, there is pov-
erty, too, even in some of the very rich States
of the Noith, where men labor and struggle from
morning to night, and are scarcely able, especially
with a large family, to keep their heads above
water, where they have four, five, or six appren-
tices to aid them in their business. I have some
little regard and some feeling for the mechanics,
farmers, and operatives of she North, whoso in-
terests are to be greatly affected hy this proposi-
tion, if I am not mistaken m relation to tho scope
and character of this amendment. I shall boas
happy to find that I am mistaken in this respect
as I was in respect to the present character of the
amendment, which oiigmaily provided for the tax-
ation of children; but 1 believe 1 am not; no one
pretends that tho amendment as it now stands does
not piopose lo tax the masters of apprentices two
dollars per head for each apprentice; on the con-
trary, it is admitted.
I confessfrankly, sir, that I am so old fashioned
as to have some doubts upon the constitutional
