1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
an,d, courage which it possesses to do the things
we require of it,* we shall put down this rebellion.
Shall I ask gentlemen to walk out of the south
door of this Capitol and look southward and see
one million six hundred thousand miles of slave
territory and four millions of blacks, ail in the
United States; and am I then to be told that we
cannot live together with slavery and freedom?
If there is a man here who believes that we can-
not live peaceably together under one Govern-
ment, one State of the Union having slavery and
the other having none,I advise him as an honest
man to call the Army home to-morrow. I believe
we can do it; we have done it in the past and we
may do it in the future. Do your duty here to-
day, and by certain inevitable laws the result you
desire to accomplish will be brought about; bat it
is not to be accomplished in a hasty way, by ap-
pealing to the passions and prejudices of the day.
"We shall succeed. Doyouaskwhy? Because
such a people have never failed. Tell me that
twenty millions of people in this country will fail
in putting down this rebellion! Fail! No, sir.
What is the strength of our country? Is it our
Army? Is it our money? Is it our houses? No,
sir, it is something besides money and men and
houses and lands. It is that benevolent system
of integrity, so to use the word, that has made
this country with more strength, with more of the
elements of power, than any people on the face
of the earth. We have mote benevolent institu-
tions for the blind, the deaf, and the dumb, than
any hundred millions of people on the continents
of the world. These are some of the elements of
strength. The moral power of these twenty mil-
lions of people will never fail in putting down this
infamous rebellion; and with this strength we
ought to be magnanimous and just, looking to the
restoration of the Government as it was without
crossing a t or dotting an i.
Mr. President, if a gentleman will go from the
New World to the Old,and wander amidst some
of the old palaccs, he wilt find a variety of curi-
osities to attract his attention. He will find in
some of the large rooms a collection of the flags
of the world—flags five hundred years older than
the flag of the United States; and what will most
deeply impress him and engage him when he en-
ters those ancient halls? Not their walls, not the
oldness of the site, nor the mosaic or the fresco;
but when he sees the flag of the United States he
will stop and in silence ask why was it that our
fathers put the stars on that honored ensign ? and
intuitively he will exclaim, in the language of one
of our great men, u we were the first nation that
looked up to God and caught the eye of the star
and placed it upon the national flag." The God
that was with our fathers will be with us, if we
live up to the principles of our Government, and
do not attempt to destroy that edifice, trusting that
He will continue to keep us one people, and make
us the admiration of the world again as we have
been before.
I shall vote for the direct tax bill. I believe the
people of Indiana, as well as of the whole country,
will sustain this war, and will cheerfully contrib-
ute of their means to carry it on. I love that bill,
because it will introduce what I always wanted
to see in this Government—a direct accountability
between the people and the representative. It will
work wonders; it will purify our public men. But
to hasten on, if no other member of the Senate
makes the proposition, I shall, at the proper time,
propose to postpone the bill under consideration
until next December. We are now reaping the
fruits of a high sectional excitement that culmi-
nated in 1860. I think it is the part of wisdom to
let these questions that disturb the peace and
tranquillity of the country pass away until the
people shall be heard from m the fall elections.
I have felt my own position to be one extremely
embarrassing;*bcing out of the country for four
years, I came home and saw treason stalking upon
the highways and thieatenmg the ovei throw and
destruction of the Government. The first emotion
of my heart was that this wicked, accursed rebel-
lion must bo put down, let it cost whatever of blood
and treasure it may. I intend to sustain pvery
measure that will tend to crush this rebellion, and
set aside every opposing obstacle to the victorious
march of the armies of the Union.
Hereto me say that if there be any State in
this Unioa that is loyal, that is conservative it is
the State of Indiana. I believe I am representing
the sentiments of her people when I say thatuntil
the rebellion is put down they desire to have none
of these side issues presented, issues calculated to
divide the Union feeling in the South and to de-
stroy the prospect of a harmonious reestablish-
ment of this Government. Although she is con-
servative in every feeling and pulsation of her
heart, rendered so by her central geographical po-
sition, by her material wealth and her commercial
interests; by the education and patriotism of her
brave sons and fair daughters, uninfluenced by
sectional prejudice or pride, she was anxious to
avert, if it were possible, from our land the hor-
rors of civil war by fair and honorable compro-
mise; but when the traitors of South Carolina
dared to raise their impious hands against the
flag of the nation and shed the blood of American
citizens upon American soil, and for no other ciime
than for standing true and loyal to that flag which
they had sworn to protect and defend with their
lives, it was too much; it was more than they
could bear. The day of compromise had then
passed, and the freemen of the North acccpted the
gage of battle tendered them by the traitors of the
South. The nation, as if by some enchantment,
awakened as if from its slumber of calm repose
to a realizing sense of its danger, and the call to
arms by the Executive of the nation met with a
prompt and almost universal response. Indiana's
noble sons were found in the front in tendering
their lives for the nation's defense, and her sol-
diers were ready to be mustered into the service
and marched to the battle-field sooner than those
of any other State. We have now sixty thousand
troops in the field, nobly doing theirduty as brave
and efficient soldiers, and Indiana is this day ready
and able to send sixty thousand more to the field
if our Government should need them to assist in
quelling this most foul and unnatural rebellion.
In every battle where victory has peiched upon
the standaid of the Union, the brave sons of In-
dianahavedivided itsdangcrsand shared its glory,
and in no single instance where her soldiers have
been engaged in the fight have our troops met with
a reverse. Good fortune seems to go with them
wherever they go, and victory is sure to crown
theirbrave deeds with glory. Whether m West-
ern Virginia, at Philippa, at Romney, or at Cheat
Mountain; at Somerset, at Fort Donelson, or
at Winchester: wherever the battle rages fiercest
there the brave sons of Indiana aie found in the
midst of the conflict, sharing its dangers and help-
ing to win its glory.
While Indiana is one of the most conservative
States, she is at the same time one of the most
loyal of all the loyal States of the Union. She
makes no professions of fidelity to the Constitu-
tion and the Union that she is not ready to make
good by the sword. She points with exulting and
a just pride to her sixty thousand soldiers in the
field as a proof of her loyalty. She points to her
material prosperity, her lailroads, her rich and
cultivated farms, her citics, her villages, her man-
ufactures, as proof of her industry, her energy,
her internal strength and prosperity. Let me here
state a single fact as an evidence of the energy and
public spirit of my people. Indiana, without the
assistance of the General Government by a single
dollar or an acre of land, has built and stocked
more miles of railroad per square mile than any
other single State in the Union. National in her
feelings, knowing no sectional lines, East, West,
North, or South, within our national boundaries,
she can never consent to a disruption of our Fed-
eral Union. Her motto is the declaration of the
immortal Jackson: " The Federal Union, it shall
be preserved."
In the great Northwest, containing a free white
population of more than ten millions, one third of
the whole population of the United States, we
have not a single armory or arsenal; and at the
commencement of this rebellion there were not
arms of any kind in all that vast region of coun-
tiy sufficient to arm and equip a single regiment
of soldiers. But we have schools and colleges
and other seminaries of learning; we have news-
papers, public libraries, and temples of worship;
these are the citidels of our strength, and the times
are now demonstrating their efficiency and secu-
rity in times of danger. In the virtue and intel-
ligence of her people Indiana relies for her safety,
trusting to their virtue and intelligence as a sure
guarantee for their loyalty, and to their biave
hearts and strong right arms for her shield and
defense against every danger that may threaten
her, whether it comes from traitors within or from
armed rebels without. Incorruptible in her integ-
rity, impregnable inherloyalty,she stands true to
herselfand true to the Constitution and the Union.
I do not know that I can describe them better
than by giving the statement of a man whose let-
ters I have in my drawer, who had a son in the
battle of Pea Ridge. Before he had learned who
was killed or wounded, he wrote me a letter, say-
ing, "my oldest son is in the Army; I do not
know whether he fell or not; but if he has fallen,
I shall send the only other son I have; and if he
falls, 1 will go myself." Such is the feeling of
my people. We regard this struggle as a strug-
gle for existence, a struggle for country, for Gov-
ernment, and for everything we hold sacred. We
do not intend to be diverted by any issues on the
wayside. We do not intend to be crippled by
any of these side questions. We mean to put
down the rebellion, to reestablish theGovernment,
and then, if there are other questions necessary
to be discussed in order to give peace and tran-
quillity to the different sections of the country,
meet them as members of one confederacy, and
meet them in that spirit which should characterize
us as a people at all times looking to the interest
and happiness of the whole country. My con-
stituents regard money and property and every-
thing they have as nothing, if they have no coun-
try. As I said before, they do not belong to any
portion of this country in its sectional aspect. Do
you tell me that we cannot live together peacea-
bly, slave States and free States ! There, sir, sits
a Representative from a slave State [Mr. Crit-
tenden] who was for four years the Executive
of Kentucky; and there sits his successor in the
gubernatorial chair, [Mr. Powell.J There area
million of people in Kentucky, and a million and
a half in Indiana, and I believe I state nothing
but the truth when I say that for eight years,
while those two gentlemen were Governors of that
State, and I, the humble Executive of Indiana,
not a solitary difficulty occurred between the two
States.
Sir, you may divide, you may destroy the peace-
ful relations between some portions of this coun-
try; but when you destroy the peaceable relations
between the people of Indiana and the people of
Kentucky, you will have very little Government
left. We are bound together by ten thousand
cords, and differing, as we do, in our domestic
policy, although separated alone by the beautiful
Ohio, we are essentially one people. We live up
to the compact of our fathers. You have seen no
trouble about giving up fugitives there under the
civil authority. We have no personal liberty law.
We are a law-abiding and peaceable people. We
desire that the Government of our fathers may be
reestablished, and that we may have peace and
harmony in every State.
I should be willing to have Congress adjourn at
once, if a properly adjusted and efficient confisca-
tion bill was passed, a tax bill, and the proper
appropriations were made to carry on the war.
There is more danger that we shall do too much
than too little. 1 know that this measure is an
exciting one. I am aware that while I am talk-
ing, there are violent partisans who are taking
different views upon the question. Thatisamat-
terof very little moment to me. I have discharged
my duty when I have thus given to you my sen-
timents, as the sentiments of one member of this
body, in relation to these matters. I see no hope
for our country except in adhering to the Consti-
tution as it came to us from our fathers, and in
the restoration of the Union as it stood. That is
my hope and desire. I have no other object in
view than to restore the Government without de-
stroying anyone of the ligaments or ties that bound
us together. I am for adhering to the principles
of the Constitution until the Union shall be re-
stored, the rebellion put down, and peace shall
once more gladden the land.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I offered the amendment at
the opening of this discussion in perfect good faith,
with no intention of interrupting the passage of
the bill, but, as I thought, to improve it. I said
! in the beginning that I thought there was no law
for slavery in this District, and that on that ac-
count I did not wish to vote compensation to slave-
