3390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
graphical engineers. The \far Department, or General
Scott, declined to send a force down there as early as June.
Captain Ward sent up a very urgent request, just before he
was killed, asking for only three hundred men to occupy
that point, and General Scott consented to allow three hun-
dred men to go; but General Mansfield thought that there
ought to be as many as five thousand, and it fell through
probably on that account, though General Mansfield was
very earnest, and very positive, in Ins opinion that that point
ought to be occupied in force.
Mr. Welles went over to see General Scott about it, I
think in June, and pressed it upon bun personally as well as
by letter. The first official letter that I find upon our books
was written on the 1st day of July. It is as follows, ad-
dressed to Mr. Cameron:
" 1 Na.vy Department, July 1,1861.
" ' Sir: I have the honor to inform you that this Depart-
ment i3 entirely satisfied, from reports of its otlicers, that
the Potomac liver will soon be closed by the batteries of
the rebels, unless one or more inipoitant points are occu-
pied by the Federal troops.'
"Then Bull Run intervened between that and the next
one which I fin^i upon our books, which is dated August
20,1861, to Mr. Cameron from Mr. Welles. It is as fol-
lows :
"'Navy Department, August 20.1861.
" * Sir: The impoitance of keeping open the navigation
of the Potomac is so obvious that no argumentis ueccsssaiy
upon the subject. So far as is possible tins Department has,
and will continue to discharge us duty in this matter by an
aimed flotilla. JJnt theie are one or two points where Miore
batteries can be made to intercept communication, and m
view of that danger and recent investigations, 1 would most
uigemly request that immediate measures bo talsen by the
War Department to fortify and intrench Mauhias Point. A
single regiment, aided by two of our steamers, could heie-
toforc. and pel haps may still, take pos&e&bion and seem e it.
But it more than a regiment U required, it appears to me
indispensable that the requisite number should be furnished.
'♦ 'Attention, on repeated occasions, ha4? been called to the
particular necessity of holding that place as absolutely es-
sential to the unrestricted navigation of the Potomac. The
Navy will at any moment contribute it^ efforts jowaids
rising and holding that place, and I apprehend there need
not be any delay. Cannot a sufficient Iok-c be spni down
forthwith to seize, ami in connection with such aimed ves-
bels as we can older, hold Matthias Point, and thus, keep
open the navigation of the Potomac?
kt' I undei-uaml that tioopswill be sent to the lower
Maryland counties to keep the peace und pievent batteries
from being erected on the left bank. This i> a timely and
wise precaution. lint it i* equally necessary that weVlmuld
lake pos<esj-ion of Matthias I'oint. Should the insurgents
got possession of that point, it would requue a veiy large
tbree to dispossess them.'
" On the Jlst of August I find the following letter from
the Navy Department to the War Department:
"'AUGUST 31, 1861.
u ' Sir : I have the honor to Inclose copies <>i dispatches
received from Captain Craven, in command of the Potomac
flotilla, and beg leave to call your attention to lus sugges-
tions ot the necessity of prompt and efficient measures for
keeping open the navigation of the Potomac. I have here-
tofore, on icpeated occasions, called the attention of the
War Department to this subject, which is of immense im-
•poiuuiet; to this city, und the operations of the Army aa well
as of the Navy, it appears to me there should be no delay
in taking tho pieemitlouary hteps recommended by Captain
Craven; and this Department, with the nuvat foice in the
Potomac, is ready at nil times to aid in this measure '
" Nothing, however, was done at that time.
<{lu October there were in the Potomac the Pawnee, the
Pocahontas and the Hcminoie, three very heavily armed
vessels, and the 11. 11. Forbes with two very ioimidahle
guns on board. These vessels weie detailed to go with J)u
PontV expedition to Poit ttoyuJ. Put befuie they went the
Navy Department pioposed to the President and to the War
Department that the rebel batteries that had then begun to
appear upon the river should he destroyed, and theirplaces
occupied by the Army. It was urged that these were the
heaviest ships that we had In the river, and that we must
withdraw them for this southern expedition, as ships were
too Rcarcc to allow them to remain here in the river doing
nothing. And an effort was made to get the Army to co-
operate with us, or, rather, to permit us to cooperate with
the Army.
"They agreed to f>cnd down four thousand men to take
possession ju^ above Matthias Point. This was some time
iu October, i do not find any written communication upon
oui book* in regaid to it; but I can get the exact date, if
neeesMiiy. The orders were sent down from the Navy De-
partment to Captain Craven and Captain Dahlgien, and
bcowsaud steamer* were provided tor eanvmg the troops
and landing ihem at Matthias Point. Captain Ciaveu col-
lected at Maturing Point all the boats oflnd flotilla, ami
wc notified him that four thousand men would arrive there
in the middle of the night. Those troops did not go. The
first intimation we had of that was a tug-boat sent up the
next day, from Captain Craven, with word that the troops
had not come.
*• 1 went over to see the President about it, and we went
over to see General McClellan. He told us that the engi-
neers were of the opinion that troops could not be landed in
s«ch iargc number-?, and they had concluded not to send
them. 1 told him that the business of iaiidtn" the troop*
belonged to the Navy, and that we had the means provided
foi it, and that nobody had inquired ot us whether wc could
laud them or not It was then concluded that they should
go the next night, and we sent down word to Captain Craven
ro be prcpaied the next night, but the next night they did
not go. They never went; and we never knew what the
reason was.
**' We then sent our boats out of the river. Wc told the
Presidem, who was exceedingly earnest upon the subject,
that the election had been made that the river should be
closed; that we had done our part, and that we had nothing
mrther to do; that we had the vessels and could destroy
Ute'b&tteUes, but the vessels would be of no use here if that
was not done, and it would be of no use to destroy the bat-
teries if they were not occupied by our troops. We toid
Jiim that these vessels,as he very weH knew,must go down
to Port Royal. They were of very light draught, veiy power-
ful. and their machinery was covered. They accordingly
went out, one after another." * * * *
'•I have heaid a great many reasons assigned for this
course, as 1 havegathered them from conversations. Gen-
eral McClellan thought it would bring on a general engage-
ment to attempt to move there. The engineers were under
the impression that the proper way to carry tho c batteries
was to march down the river. The President assisted the
Navy Department as far as he could in urging this plan upon
General McClellan. And lie manifested more feeling and
more disappointment tlmn I .have seen him before exhibit,
when he iound the men had not gone.
"Question. General McClellan objected to furnishing the
men ?
"Answer. General Scott commenced.
" Qjicsfion. But afterwards General McClellan objected ?
, "Answer. Yes, sir; it was continued by him."
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Michigan a question.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senator seems to be pre-
senting testimony taken before the committee on
the conduct of the war.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to know whether it
is presented at the instance of the committee ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; by a vote of the
committee.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am a member of the com-
mittee, and 1 was not aware of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. After consultation, it was
agreed by General McClellan that four regiments
should be furnished, and the time was fixed for
their embarkation. At the appointed time the
vussels wore ready, steam up and transports along-
side, and thus they remained all night, but no
tioops appeared. Upon inquiry as to the cause,
the general-in-chief informed the Secretary of the
Navy that ho did not send the troops because he
feared the arrangements for landing were not per-
fected. The Secretary of the Navy informed lum
that when the Navy and Army cooperated,it was
the duty of the Navy to provide boats for landing,
and that ample provision had been made; where-
upon, that night was fixed upon as the time to
embark the troops. Again the boats were in readi-
ness, steam up,andtliegallantsailorsand marines
eager for the fray, but again were they disappoint-
ed. The troops did not arrive; whereupon the
Navy Department informed the WarDepartment
that it considered the refusal to furnish troops a
virtual abandonment of the Potomac to the rebel
blockade, that the vessels were required for the
southern expedition, and would at once be sent to
their destination; and thus for months was the
nation disgraced by the blockade of its capital,
and many millions of dollars wasted in expensive
transportation, which a small force judiciously
posted might have prevented. Mr. Fox, in an-
swer to tile question whether this small force
would be safe on Matthias Point, replied, "cer-
tainly; our vessels can'shell the Point upon both
sides for a long distance." Why was this dis-
grace so long submitted to ? No man knows or
attempts to explain. Moifth after month one of
the most splendid armies the world had ever seen,
of two hundred thousand men, permitted itself
and the national capital to be besieged by a force
never exceeding one half its own number.
During the month of December, the nation be-
came impatient. The time had arrived and passed
when we were promised a forward movement.
The roads were good, the weather splendid, the
army in high condition, and eager for the fray.
How long the roads and weather would permit
the movement, no man could predict; still there
was no movement. The generals, with great
unanimity, declared that the army had reached its
maximum of proficiency as volunteers, but still
there was no movement. Under these circum-
stances, the committee on the conduct of the war
asked an interview with the President and Cabi-
net, and urged that the winter should not be per-
mitted to pass without action, as it would lead to
an incalculable loss of life and treasure by for-
cing our brave troops into a summer campaign,
in a hot and to them inhospitable climate. The
President and Cabinet were united in the desire
that an immediate advance should be made, but
it was not made, although we were assured by
General McClellan that it would be very soon,
that he had no intention of going into winter
quarters,andhedidnot. While the enemy erected
comfortable huts at Centreville and Manassas for
their winter quarters, our brave and eager troops
spe#t the most uncomfortable winter ever known
in this climate, under canvas, as thousands- and
t£hs of thousands of invalid soldiers throughout
the length and breadth of the land will attest.
Why did not the army move in all December,
or why did it not go into winter quarters? No
man knows, nor is any reason assigned.
On the 1st day of January, 1863, and for months
previous to that date, the armies of the Republic
were occupying a purely defensive position upon
the whole line from Missouri to the Atlantic, until
on or about the 27th of January the President and
Secretary of War issued the order/onoarii. Then
the brave Foote took the initiative, soliciting two
thousand men from Halleck to hold Fort Henry
after he had captured itwith.-his gunboats. They
were promptly furnished, and Henry fell; then
Donelson, witliits fifteen thousand prisoners; then
Newbern, and the country was electrified. Credit
was given where credit was due. Do-nothing strat-
egy gave way to an " immediate advance upon
the enemy's works,"and the days of spades and
pickaxes seemed to be endM. On the 22d of Febr
ruary a forward movement upon our whole line
was ordered, but-did not take place. The army of
the Potomac was not ready ; but on the 10th of
March it moved, against the protest of the com-
mandinggeneral and eight out of twelve of the com-
manders of divisions, but the President was in-
exorable, and the movementmustbe made. Itpto-
ceeded to Centreville, and there found deserted
huts, wooden artillery, and intrenchments which
could and can be successfully charged by cavalry.
It proceeded to Manassas, and found no fortifica-
tions worthy of the name, a deserted, abandoned
camp, and dead horses for trophies. The enemy,
less than forty thousand men, had leisurely es-
caped, carrying away all his artillery, baggage,
arms, and stores. Our army of the Potomac, on
that 10th day of March, showed by its muster-
roll a force of two hundred and thirty thousand
men. Comment is needless. The grand army
of the Potomac proceeded towards Gordonsville,
found no enemy, repaired the railroad, and then
marched back again.
Why this grand army of the Potomac did not
march upon Richmond has never been satisfac-
torily explained, and probably never will be. One
reason assigned was lack of transportation; but
there were two railroads, one by way of Acquia
Creek and Fredericksburg, the other via Manas- -
sos and Gordonsville, which could have been re-
paired at the rate of ten miles per day, and our
army was ample to guard it. Had this over-
whelming force proceeded directly to Richmond
by these lines, it would have spent the 1st day
of May in Richmond, and ere this the rebellion
would have been ended. This grand army, ably
commanded, was superior to any army the world
has seen for five hundred years. Napoleon I never
fought one'hundred and thirty thousand men upon
one battle-field. Yet this noble army was divided
and virtually sacrificed by some one. Who is the
culprit?
Before the advance upon Manassas, General
McClellan changed his plaijs,and demanded to be
permitted to leave the enemy intrenched at Cen-
treville and Manassas, to leave the Potomac block-
aded, and to take his army to Annapolis by land,
and there embark them for the rear of the enemy
to surprise him. In the council of war called upon
this proposition, the commanding general and
eightoutoftwelveof the commanders of divisions
(and here permit me to say that I am informed
that seven of the eight generals were appointed
upon the recommendation of General McClellan)
voted that it was not safe to advance upon the
wooden guns of Centreville, and to adopt the new
plan of campaign. The Presidentand the Secre-
tary of War overruled th is pusillanimous decision,
and compelled McClellan to " move immediately
upon the enemy's works." Ho marched, and the
trophies of that memorable* campaign are known
to the Senate and the country.
At Fairfax, General McClellan changed his plan
and decided not to advance upon the rebels with
his whole force, but to return to Alexandria, di-
vide his army, and embark for Fortress Monroe
and Yorktown. It was decided that forty-five
thousand men should be left for the defense of the
capital, and lie was permitted to embark. After
mueh delay (unavoidable in the movement of so
vast a force, with its enormous material) the gen-
