2430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
powers: involved in this question, f have some
constitutional scruples upon the subject of tax-
ing apprentices and slaves in this way. I am too
old fashioned to indulge such a violent feeling of
indignation as to violate the Constitution in tax-
in* slaves, in order to punish those who have
been guilty of this very wicked, cruci, and hor-
rible rebellion. I fear that many of my constit-
uents, in their just haired of rebels, will not be
able to see the reason why I should have any
difficulty as to the constitutionality of this meas-
ure. But,*ir, I do not believe that our fathers,
when they came fresh from the field of blood and
wrote the charter of our liberties for the benefit
of all and the protection of all, and to endure for
all time, wrote an idle and unmeaning paper, or
that they designed that it should be broken at
pleasure or .partake of the nature of India rub-
ber, to be stretched first one way and then the
other, to meet any contingency or any circum-
stances that might arise to make it desirable to
do so in after times. If the Constitution does not
suit the tone and spirit of the times, it should be
changed or altered or amended, in the way pointed
out and provided for by the Constitution.
{ think, sir, this is a direct tax-—a capitation
tux. That is my trouble; that is my difficulty.
Were it not so, 1 should not hesitate to say it. I
think it is so according to the plain interpretation
of the Constitution; and the Supreme Court of the
United States has already decided it to be so in
numerous cases that have been before them.
Judge Story, in his Commentaries, says it is so.
it is said, however, that this is nota tax upon the
person but a tax upon the labor of these persons.
That is the distinction drawn by the Senator from
Massachusetts. Now, I cannot use the polished,
finished, classical language of the Senator from
Massachusetts, but in plain, homespun parlance,
1 must bo permitted to say that this seems to me
to be a mere evasion—it scorns to mo like " whip-
ping the devil around the stump." It is the same
thing at last; it comes to that; if yon do not tax
the man by name, you tax him in the character of
a man, or m the character of a slave owing service
and labor to his master. You single him out;
you point to him; you direct your tax gatherer to
linn as such; you recognize him as such; you
enumciati' and count him. If you can tax him
in thai way and do so constitutionally, then you
may tax all the apprentices, all the persons held
to service or labor in the United States, and in
that point of view itwould somewhatequalize the
burden,and would take from the mouthsofpersons
living in the border States a large part of the com -
plaintthey makeagainst it, provided they wercnot
themselves the fathers of children or the masters
of apprentices, and also taxed as such.
Now, sir, it seems to me, with these difficulties,
constitutional difficulties, grave as they are, we
might steer clear of this question of a direct or
capitation tax by levying a tax upon cotton; tax
" king cotton," tax the rebel king. I was in fa-
vor of that proposition, not with a view of pun-
ishing anybody in this bill, bat with a view of
making the southern portion of this country—in
which lias been hatched this hydra-monster of
rebellion—contribute something to the expenses
of the war, or with a view at all events of show-
ingour recognition of their business, and of letting
them know that wo have nut entirely neglected or
forgotten them in a financial point of view, and
w«will not neglect them otherwise. In that way
we certainly can raise from the South means to
carry on the war, and steer clear of the constitu-
tional objection to a capitation tax or a tax on
persons. If wc have an y desire to avoid a breach
of the Constitution, it would be the better course
for us to take to levy the tax on cotton and not
on slaves. I am sorry to say—and 1 say it at the
risk of bringing down the manufacturing interest
of my State on my head—that, notwithstanding
the warm feelings of some Senators so frequently
expressed here m behalf of humanity, and ail
their indignation against a system that no man,
I think, who lets his reason opeiate can fail to
condemn, yet when an attempt is made to put a
tax of a iippenny bit on a loom or a spindle, they
find expedients and arguments and reasonings m
opposition to it which are not used and employed
upon other occasions, when the objects of their
chief solicitude are involved. I go as far as any
man in showing my disapprobation of the system
of human slavery. I am opposed to it. I trust
I have given evidence of this. I would have noth-
ing to do with it; I wash my hands of it in any
way; but in doing so, I will not knowingly take
a step that will violate the Constitution of my
country, which I have here in the presence of Al-
mighty God sworn to support. Men outside of
this Chamber may talk about expediency, and
they may say, "vote this way" or "vote that
way," and "construe the Constitution as our
friends construe it;" 5* do as we want you to do;"
but, sir, when I came here and took an oath to
support the Constitution, I became bound to sup-
port it faithfully. When it has been interpreted
by the highest legal tribunal of the country, I am
bound to take their interpretation of it on a ques-
tion that has been brought fairly and properly be-
fore them; but where it has not been so interpreted,
I shall act in accordance with my own judgment
and my own reason; and if I happen to run coun-
ter to the wish or opinion or will of my constit-
uents, I shall regret it; yet I am ready to stand
up against it and take the consequences; and if I
cannot sta6d I will fall,and I shall feel much hap-
pier thus falling, than in standing and acting con-
trary to my convictions of what is just and right.
Sir, all our measures here should be to save the
Union and the Constitution. This war is for the
Constitution, and to compel obedience to it. In
carrying on this war, and providing means for that
purpose, wc cannot willfully overthrow or violate
it. If we do, then every article of property that
we seize is a robbery, and every man we kill con-
stitutes a murder! Sir, we are able to crush re-
bellion and still preserve the Constitution unbroken
and unimpaired ! If, with our superiority in men
and means, we will not do it, then we deserve to
fail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Me fn. Anthonv, Clark, Fosspndcn, Grimes,
Il.uian, Uowuul, Ilowr, King, Lime of Kan^is, Moinll.
Simmons, Simmer, Trumbull, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Moms*. Haynid, Biownmsr, Carhle. Cowan. D.i-
vN, Ui von, Doolittle, I'ostei, ll:tle, Hai i is, Kennedy, Lane
of fiuli.uia, Latham, MeDousnll, Ponifio^Powrll, diiitK-
bury, Sherman, Ten Eyek, VViliey, Wilson ot Massachu-
setts. and Wii i)t—
So the amendment was rejected.
Mi*. HOWE. On the 114th page, I move to
strike out in the thirteenth and fourteenth lines of
section seventy-eight, the words, "and on all
sums added to their surplus or contingent funds."
It is the section taxing banks, insurance compa-
nies, and savings banks.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, I offer an amendment
to come in at line seven of section twenty, in re-
gard to the advertisements for unpaid taxes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Section twenty has been
stricken out, and an amendment inserted in lieu
of the whole of it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator hear
my amendment? It is after the word " be," in
the seventh line of the twentieth section, to insert
" or if there be no newspaper published in such
county, then in some newspaper having a general
circulation therein."
Mr. FESSENDEN. All that section has been
struck out, and the Senator will see our amend-
ment un the next page.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does youramendment
cover that point?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment, as it has
been adopted, provides for an advertisement in
each county where there is a newspaper, and ad-
ditional notice by writing in four public places in
each county.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is what I am
trying to remedy. We have in our State papers
that circulate in all the counties of the State; and
in a county where there is no paper published, I
want the advertisement published in a paper of
general circulation in that county from another
county.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will have to
study over the amendment we have adopted,and
move to amend that to carry out his idea when
the bill gets into the Senate. We cannot amend
it here.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the question isput
on the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
I wish to make a statement to the Senate. I deem
it very important with reference to the business
of the session that we should get through this bill
this week. We have two days of it left, and I
shall ask the Senate to remain here, if necessary,
longer than the usual time to-morrow and Satur-
day for the purpose of finishing the bill. We
are very much pressed for time, and there is other
business of importance behind this bill. I shall
not ask the Senate to sit to-night, as it is desired
by several gentlemen to have a short executive
session. I hope Senators will be able to remain
here, enough to give us a quorum at any rate, to
go on and finish this bill to-morrow, or certainly
before the end of the week. In my judgment, it
is very important that it should be done.
Mr. HALE. Why not take a recess to-mor-
row at five o'clock?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that shall be thought
advisable then, we can do so.
Mr. HALE. I think that will be the better
way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A recess has never been
found very profitable. I merely make this gen-
eral statement to the Senate. Of course, I shall
be at the disposal of the Senate.
Mr. HALE, (to Mr. Fessenden.) I will be
at your disposal on that matter.
Mr. Sumner's motion was agreed to.
INDIAN' LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to offer a res-
olution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it if there be no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Re$olcc<l, TU&t the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to tmnisdi to the Heimte copies of Co.r>mbs's and Walsh's
reports, ami .ill other p.ipei.- on file In ins Department bav-
in? lel'erenee to the ci'.spo-al of the half-breed Kaw lands
on the Kansas livei, in the State ot Kansas.
MESSAGE FROM Tilli HOUSE.
A message ft um the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Cieik, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 459) to allow the
State of California ;ui additional Representative
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 272) to es-
tablish a land office in Colorado Territory, with
amendments *, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (S. No.
187) to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale
of the public lands of the United States; and it
was signed by the Vice President.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent, before the doors are closed, the Chair will
present some House bills for the purpose of refer-
Thc bill (No. 459) to allow the State of Cali-
fornia an additional Representative in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
The bill (No. 2S1) supplemental to "An act
granting the right of way to the State of Missoun,
and a portion of the public lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State,"
was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands have informally considered this bill, and
recommend its passage. I therefore ask that it may
be put on its passage now. It will occupy but a
moment, and it is important that it should be
passed at once. It is simply to extend the time
during which a railroad company in Missouri may
apply their lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill may be
considered now if there be no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let it go over till to-
morrow. I should like to look af it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The doors will be
closed.
After some time spent in executive session the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
