1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2131'
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 29, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RESIGNATION OF A MEMBER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication;
which was read and laid on the tabic:
Auburn, Maine, May 26, 1852.
Dear Sir: Heing about to accept and enter upon the
duties of the offrce of associate justice ot the supieme ju-
dicial court oi* the State at* Maine, to which I have been
recently appointed and commissioned, I hereby resign my
ofiiee of Representative in the Tniriy-Seventh Congress
Trom tbeaccondeongiessinnal district m Maine,and lespect-
fully a>k thai this my resignation may be accepted,to take
effect iiom this date.
Your*, with respect, C. W. WALTON.
Hon. Galusiia A. Grow,
Speaker of the House of Representative&.
SEA-COAST DEFENSES.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
416) authorizing the appointment of a board of
fortification, to provide for sea-coast and other
defenses of the United States and for other pur-
poses; upon which the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAIR,ofMissouii. This bill has already
been before the House once, and it was postponed
at the suggestion of some gentlemen who desired
to offer amendments to it. The Committee on
Military Affairs supposed that it was palpable to
every one that some permanent system ofdefenses
was demanded, and it was thought that no better
plan could be adopted than to take the experience
of the actors in the grand experiments which aie
now taking place in our country, believing that
that experience would suggest the modifications
necessary to make effective our permanent de-
fenses. The hill therefore provides that there
should be appointed a board of fortifications, to
consist of two engineer officers, an officer of ord-
nance, an officer of artillery, two naval officers,
and two eminent civilians, it was thought best
to make a mixed commission of this knul instead
of commuting this matter entirely to the engineer
corps, for the reason that as it was the business
of our Navy to destroy these fortifications, the
judgment of naval officers would be quite us valu-
able to the country as that of the engineers them-
selves.
It is unnecessary to advert to the different trans-
actions which, have taken place which make this
so important at this time. It is believed, from what
has occurred in this country, that there is not a
single harbor upon our coast which could not be
entered by steamships of war, and the cities upon
them destroyed. It is certain that the defenses of
our southern cities are considered quite as good as
those of any of our northern cities, and it is well
known that our naval officers have not hesitated
at any time to enter any of our southern ports,
and to destroy their defenses. There is, in this
same connection, and which was thought to be
exceedingly necessary and proper, a clause in this
bill requiring that certain additional armories and
arsenals shall be provided. This is at least as
important, in my opinion, as the permanent lor-
tifications themselves. The nation should never
be found in a position again when it will be neces-
sary to send abroad for arms to defend oui homes,
and there cannot be any such additional expense
from the creation of these arsenals and armories
as should lead any gentleman to hesitate an in-
stant to authorize their erection in various parts
of the country.
The last recommendation of the committee is
for an increase in the number of students at our
Naval and Military Academies. Ithas already been
made manifest that we cannot, under the present
system, conveniently enlarge the number, and the
recommendation of the committee is that an ad-
ditional number, equal to that now allowed by
law, shall be allowed to enter these schools, and
have the advantages of education there whenever
ihuv will do so at their own expense.
fdo not think any farther explanation of the
bill is necessary; but if any gentleman desires
to offer any amendments, I will yield the floor to
him. .
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to know
if the gentleman proposes to put this bill upon its
passage ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; it is the
object and intention of the committee to put the
bill upon its passage.
Mr. IiOLMAN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri the propriety of allowing
the bill to be considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union."
Mr, KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suggest to the
gentleman that it would be better to postpone the
bill and make it the special order, rather than that
it should go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. It is a bill of very great
importance, and, for one, I would like to examine
it a little more. True, it has been before the
House long enough to afford time for its exam-
ination, but it is equally true., I presume, that
many gentlemen have not examined its provis-
ions,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state that the
bill has been pending: for nearly two months. It
has been printed, and has been postponed from
time to time, with a view to its being examined
by members who asked for time to examine it;
and certainly, if the bill is of any consequence at
all, it ought now to be acted upon, and disposed
of in one way or the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the gentleman will
consent that the bill shall be made the special or-
der for some future day, if he is not willing that
it shall go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It is exceedingly desirable
that we should have an opportunity to examine
the provisions of the bill. Many gentlemen,
probably, have not given it that attention which
they would have done if they had not supposed
that it would be made a special order.
Mr. STEVENS. I would iriquiie, as a ques-
tion of order, whether the bill must not be sent to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of tin;
Union5 There is an appropriation contained in it.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been consid-
ered in the House on some four or five different
days, and it is, therefore, too late to raise the
question of order. The rule is, that bills contain-
ing appropriations shall receive their first con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole, but this
is the fourth consideration of this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 thought it had merely been
taken up and postponed.
The SPEAKER. Tin: gentleman from Mis-
souri and some other gentlemen discussed the bill
when it was up before.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The bill has already
been eonM(h-u;d in the House once or twice, and
I am satisfied that if it has not received the exam-
ination of the House, it never will receive it.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, it is a monstrous large
bill to pass without free discussion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If it is the wish of
the House, I have no objection to the bill being
postponed and made the special order for Tues-
day next. That will, perhaps, put gentlemen on :
the alert m regard to the matter. _ I
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I shall be satis- j
fied with that.
Mr. STEVENS. Is there any objection to its
being referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, where it can be amended
and discussed ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Not if the House
will go into committee, and take it up and con-
sider it.
Mr. STEVENS. I should prefer that, so that
we may not, be cut off fiom discussion and amend- j
ment., It is a very large bill. '
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask, then, that the :
bill be considered, as a special order, in the Com- ;
nuttec of the Whole on the state of the Union on 1
Tuesday next. 1
There was ifo objection; and itwas so ordered, j
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com- 1
miuoes for reports, beginning with the Committee ;
on Public Lands. 1
SURVEY 0? GRANTS OR CLAIMS OF LAND. j
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Public j
Lands, to which was referred the bill of the House j
(No. 189) for the survey of grants or claims of;
land, with the amendment of the Senate thereto, ^
reported back the same with the lecommendation ;
that the amendment be concurred in. _ |
The amendment of the Senate was to insert .
after the, word "samfe/'in line eight, the wovds,
"and at their expense, which shall be paid on
secured to the satisfaction oftho Secretary of the
Interior before the work shalJ be performed.-*5 ~
The amendment was agreed to. - , :
RAILROAD GRANT TO mSSOU&L
Mr. POTTER, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with an amendment, bill of thQ Hoiise
No. 281, supplemental to an act granting the right
of way to the State of Missouri, and a portion
of the public lands to aid in the construction of
railroads in said State.
The bill was read. It provides that the time
required by the act to which it is supplemental,
for the completion of the road therein described,
from the city of St. L*ouis to such point on the
western boundary of said State as may be desig-
nated by the authority of said State, as well as
the reversion to the United States of the lands
thereby granted to the State of Missouri for the
use of the said road be extended for ten years
from the 10th of June next, provided, that in case
the said company shall fail to complete the said
road within the time as thus extended, said lands
shall then revert to the United States.
The bill further provides that the railroad com-
pany may sell, convey, or incumber all or any
portion of said lands, provided the proceeds thereof
be faithfully applied in the construction of said
railroad, being the same now known as the south-
west branch of the Pacific railroad.
The committee recommended that the latter
provision be stricken out.
Mr. POTTER. 1 will state that the bill as re-
ported by the committee merely provides for an
extension of the time which the company have to
build the load.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I can explain the
bill in a moment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. The bill seems to contemplate
a giant of lands made directly by the Government
to this particular road, now a branch of the Pa-
cific railroad. Now, it was not a grant to any
railroad company, but to the State itself. The
question is, whether the language employed in the
bill sufficiently indicates its object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri". 1 think there is
no doubt in regaid to that. lean well understand
why the gentleman from Indiana should have
some apprehension on the subject. The words
which give rise to this apprehension are words
copied from the original grant. The grant is not
extended to the railioad company, but to the State
of Missouri alone. It is the Stale that will obtain
all the benefits of this bill. No railroad company
will obtain them, nor will any lands be affected
by it, except those allotted to the State of Mis-
souri for railroad purposes m 1853-54.
The bill merely provides an extension of time,
which has become necessary by reason of the
unfortunate condition of aftairs in the country.
The effects of the financial revulsion of 1857 ex-
tended in Missouri to 1858-59. The civil war
that has recently carried devastation through the
country has been most severely felt theie. The
flight of its inhabitants, the destruction of their
property, all prevented their being able at this
time to construct that road. This bill merely ex-
tends the time within which the people oi the State
may receive the benefits intended to be conferred
by Congress in the land grants made to that State,
i hope the bill will pass.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 would like to inquiie of the
gentleman at what time the grant expires as now
fixed
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. On the 10th of
! June next.
Mr. LOVEJOY. We have made large dona-
tions of land to these roads, on condition that they
would perform certain service for the United States,
and when that service has been perfoi med, the
Government has had to pay for them all the same
as though we had,not given iliem the land.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The payments to
which tile gentleman ref<->:> wtre made because
of the peculiar circumstance') of the country, the
burning of the bridges, tearing up the track, &c.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The Government of the Uni-
ted States n built the bridges, repaired the road,
and yet had to pay for the transportation of troops
and munitions.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Not on that road.
