THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. KIYES, WASHINGTON/IX; C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1862.
New Series,.29,.
that comes a full and plenary power to this House and to
tlie Senate over the whole subject. Tt is a war power. I
say it is a war power; and when your countiy is actually
in war, whether it be a war of invasion, or a war of insur-
rection, Congress lias power to carrv on the war, and must
carry it on according to the laws of war; and by the laws
of war, an invaded countiy has all its laws and'municipal
institutions swept by tile boatd, and martial law takes tiie
place of them."
He says further:
u This power in Congress has perhaps never been called
into exercise under the piesent Constitution of the United
States."
No, sir, never; it never had. It had never been
broached before by any American statesman, ac-
cording to ray reading; but I do not pretend to
have the same universality and accuracy of read-
ing upon this or any other subject as tffc honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts. He may be
better informed than I am upon the point. Mr.
Adams continued:
" But when the laws of war aie in force, what, I ask is
one of those laws? Tt is tins: that when a country is in-
vaded
I ask the Senator's attention to this 
" and two hostile armies are &et in hostile array, the com-
manded of both armies have power to emancipate all the
slaves in the invaded temtory. Nor is this a mere theo-
retic statement? The history of South America shows that
the doctnne has been carried into practical cxccutioii within
the last thiity years."
Neither South America, nor any country in
South America, was a precedent for the United
States of North America. I will make a remark
or two further on that point hereafter.
" Slavery was abolished in Colombia first by the Span-
ish general, Murillo,"—
Murillo it is called here; but I believe his name
was Morillo—
"and secondly by the American general, Bolivar. It was
abolished by virtue of a military command given at the
head of the aimy, and its abolition continues to be law to
this day. it was abolished by the laws of war, and notbv
municipal enactment. The power was exercised by mili-
tary commanders under instructions, of course, from their
respective Governments."
I should doubt whetherinstructions were given,
as it does not appear that that eminent man states
that fact upon his own knowledge.
" And here I recur again to the example of General Jack-
son."
That is at New Orleans in proclaiming martial
law. He says further:
" The moment you place a military commander in a dis-
trict which is the theater of war, the laws of wai apply to
that disuict."
Without any proclamation, without any in-
struction fiom the President, just by the act of the
appointment of a military commander to a mili-
tary district, ipso facto, to use a phrase that has
been used in this Senate Chamber, and is a very
proper one, according to Mr. Adams, the laws of
war apply. 1 will read still further from the same
speech, and then I will comment a little upon the
position assumed in it:
" I might furnish a thousand pi oof* to show that the pie-
tensions of gentlemen to the sanctity of then municipal in-
stitutions, undei a state of actual invasion and of actual
war, whethoi sei vile, civil, or loieign, is wholly unfounded,
and that the laws of war do in all such eases take prece-
dence."
Whenever war is introduced into the country—
without any act of Congress suspending habeas
corpus, without any proclamation of the President,
without any actual instruction from him to the
military commander in the department—the posi-
tion of that eminent statesman was that the fact
of having a state of war, and an army m a partic-
ular district, ipso facto, of its own proper vigor in-
troduced tiie law martial into that district, and
swept away all other law.
u I lay this down as the law of nations. I sny that the
imhtaiy takes for the tune the place ol ail municipal insti-
tutions, and of slaveiy among the rest."
The Federal Constitution is a municipal insti-
tution contradistinguished from martial law. So
are the constitutions of the several States, and-so
aie the acts of the several State Legislatures, and
the acts of Congress. They are all municipal
institutions and laws as contradistinguished from
martial law; and yet the broad and sweeping prop-
29
osition of this sage statesman is that by the in-
troduction of a state of war, and the appointment
of a military commander, and the marking out to
him of a military district,you thereby, ipso facto,
sweep away all these constitutional and statutory
laws, and all other municipal and civil laws, and
you introduce the law martial in their stead.
" And that under that state of things, so far from its being
true that the States where slavery exists have the exclusive
management of the subject, not only the President, of the
United States, but the commander of the armv, hag power
toordei the universal emancipation of the slaves."
Now, what are his propositions and his prin-
ciples as laid down in this speech? That when-
ever war is introduced into the country, and there
is a military commander of any grade of army
appointment in that military district, and there
are two hostile armies set in battle array against
each other, that this state of things necessarily, in
his own language, sweeps every municipal law
and institution by the board, and introduces mar-
tial law in their stead. What did this wise states-
man do to illustrate this condition? He brought
up the instances of South America. Sir, South
America offers no example to the United States
of North America, and ought not to offer any.
She oilers an example to the secessionists for the
confederate States, and for those who sympathize
with them, and who ought not to be here. We
are uniting counsels, and devising measures to
put down these rebels and sympathizers. They
bring up South America with her examples and her
practices and her Governments that are scaicely
deserving of the name, where government and
social order itself are almost resolved into their
original elements of savage chaos. They bringup,
as this illustrious statesman brought up, an exam-
ple of one of these Governments to sustain their
position. |
Mr. President, that wise statesman forgot, or J
at least did not advert, to one great, controlling,
omnipotent power in the premises; and that is
this: the United States of America have a written
Constitution, and that Constitution is the supreme
law of the land. It is as much the law of the
Government of the United States as if revolves
in its orbit, and of the States in their more sub-
ordinate positions; it is as much the law of this
complex Government of ours, as the great law of
Omnipotence itself, which binds all tlie planetary
systems with their satellites in their respective
orbits. It can no more be infringed, changed,
amended, added to, or abstracted from by any
other power than that presciibed by the instru-
ment itself for its alteration and modification, than
the archangel who fell from heaven to the lowest
hell can change the sublime and incomprehensible
laws that regulate the music of the spheres.
The Constitution enumerates definitely and spe-
cifically the principal powers of Congress; and it
prescribes great and important limitations upon
those powers. It prescribes limitations and re-
strictions upon the powers of the State Legisla-
tures, and upon that much-abused idea, the sov-
ereignty of the States themselves. It withholds
and forever forbids the exercise of certain pow-
ers, either by the General or State Governments,
and reserves them inalienable to the people of
America. This Constitution divides the power of
Government into three departments. It blends
some of the departments. The President is partly
executive; he is partly legislative; and in him and
the Senate is invested the power to make treaties;
but, sir, where, in the enumeration of powers by
this Constitution, is the war-making power vested?
In the Congress of the United States. Where is
it vested in the monarchies, and especially the
despotisms of Europe ? In their monarchs; their
emperors and their kings. They make war and ;
they make treaties at pleasure; but this stupen- |
dous power of making war and commanding the j
whole physical force of the nation, and all of its j
means of men and money, and setting them up
m battle array against a Power of the earth, our |
forefathers were too wise and too expeiienced to |
vest in the President of the United States, and j
they vested it expressly in Congress,
What else is done iti relation to the war-makirigl
power by the Constitution ? The President of the
United States is constituted the Commander-in-"
Chief. He is the generalissimo, if I may use itip
term. When the forces are in the field he takes
command of them as the chief, and every genera!
exercises his power and authority subordinate to
him. But this generalissimo, this President of the
United States, is not trusted with the war-making
power, or the power to raise armies, to equip
fleets, and to raise the ways and means for the
purpose of supporting armies and fleets. Those
great and stupendous powers being vested in Con-
gress, the President of the United States himself
is not the war-making power, but is subordinate
to and subject to the power of Congress, as the
chief war-making power. If Congress chooses to
pass laws regulating the war, the objects and pur-
poses for which it shall be waged, and in many
other important respects giving direction to the
President, he would be bound to subordinate him-
self to the principal war-making power, and to
obey it; and if he did not he would subject him-
self properly to impeachment.
But, sir, there is a power superior even to Con-
gress in some respects in connection with war, and
all other subjects that are specially provided for
by the Constitution ; and that is the innate power
of the Constitution itself. What is the provision
of the Constitution in relation to treason? Gen-
tlemen are familiar with it. Congress has powelr
to define treason, and to prescribe the punishment
thereof; but it shall pass no bill of attainder, no
forfeiture that is to continue and endure for a longer
term than the life of the criminal. That is the ex-
press provision of the Constitution. I have here
Story's Commentaries on the Constitution; and
gentlemen on this floor who think with me in re-
lation to this war and this rebellion will say that
it is an orthodox authority of the very highest
class. What does he say in relation to this point?
It is but a very short paragraph, and with a view
to gather a little breath, 1 will read it. I speak
ardently, vehemently. It docs not tire me much,
but it puts me out of wind. Sometimes I am asked
why I speak with so much ardor and vehemence.
I answer the question by asking why am I so
small? I can regulate the one matter as well as
the other. But that is a joke. [Laughter.] I read
from Story's Commentaries on the Constitution:
" Tiie third section of the fourth article gives a constitu-
tional definition of the crime of treason, (which wili^e re-
served foi a sepai ate examination,) and tiicn provides: 'The
Const ess shall have power to declare the punishment of
tieason; but no attainder of treason shall woik corruption
ofblood, oi forfeiture, exccpt duiing the life of the poison
attainted.'"
It then defines that the crime of treason is making
war against the United States by an overt act or
adhering to their enemies, according to the sense
of the statute of 24 Edward III, and giving aid
and comfort to their enemies. Now, I ask the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, under
this war-making power, under the law martial as
exercised, or as it can be exercised, by a general
in time of war, can your lieutenant general, or
your major general, or your brigadier general, or
your colonel, whete ho is the highestin command
in a military district—and such is the case in some
of the military districts of the United States at this
time—can they overthrow this constitutional defin-
ition of treason, and make it something essen-
tially different from what Washington and the
architects of the Constitution made it5 I say, no;
never! never! never!
"The proprieij of investing the national Government
with authoiuv to punish the etmie ot treason against the
United States could never heromo a question with any per-
sons who deemed tin1 national Government worthy oi cre-
ation or pieseivatton."
I suppose thegentk-man from Indiana now ques-
tions it. He is nit willing to execute it. He sits
here and will vote neither men nor money to ex-
ecute it. He declares that he is opposed to any
such thing, because it is a measure of coercion, if I
understand him; and yet says this learned com-
mentator, and so says every man, in my judgment,
who has any just and true idea ofgovernment, the
