THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1.
■who desire to restrain or overthrow it, so far as,
.under the Constitution, I can lend them aid, and
so far as I can assist in building up a party who
aim to accomplish this great object, I have a right
to express my sympathy with them, and to extend
to them ail the aid in my power to bestow.
It is no argument to me, therefore, that if this
is to be done, the effect will be to make a party in
favor of abolition among yourselves, where that
party has a right to exist. So much the better if
it is so. With all good feeling towards you, and
with the best wishes for the prosperity of your
States, I desire that a party shall arise and become
a majority in your own States who desire to abol-
ish slavery. That is perfectly consistent with all
I have said on this floor, and all that every member
of the Republican party has said, that we disclaim
any right to interfere ourselves in your domestic
affairs, on that subject. Therefore, sir, that ar-
gument falls upon my ear not.only without force,
so far as it is addressed to me as against the Pres-
ident's proposition, but it is a recommendation of
it. It makes it so much the better and so much
the stronger; for, as I have said more than once
oh this floor, I do desire to see slavery abolished
in this country as soon as may be, by constitu-
tional methods, and by those who have the power
to act upon the subject.
But, sir, leaving that subject, the bill now under
consideration proposes the abolition of slavery in
this District. Can any man doubt the constitu-
tional power of Congress over that subject ? Have
not we, the Congress of the United States, the
right to abolish slavery in this District if we see
fit? I never heard a man attempt to make a con-
stitutional argument against it. The fundamental
law of the land is broad and clear. We need no
excuse on the subject at all. Congress, under the
Constitution, is gifted with all power of legisla-
tion over this District, and may do anything m it
that any Legislature can do in any State of the
Union, unless expressly restrained by the Con-
stitution, which gives it its powers; and there
being a specific grant of all powers of legislation
in this District, and there being no restraint upon
it which would touch the question, it iollows as a
matter of necessity that the constitutional power
exists; and it includes as well the power to vote
money. Sir, where do we get our constitutional
power to vote money to open the streets, to light
the streets, and to build bridges in this city? i
never heard of anybody here in this District who
objected to the exercise of such powers. This
people always seem to think that the constitu-
tional power of Congress is ample to vote money
for the District of Columbia. Well, sir, if this is
a great public measure, if Congress has come, or
should come, to the conclusion that the good of
the people of the District and the good of the peo-
ple of the country require that slavery should be
abolished, and should think it reasonable that a
certain sum of money should be appropriated for
that purpose, that is a constitutional measure. I
have yet to hear from any Senator an argument
against the constitutionality of the measure pro-
posed, which, to my mind, has even the appear-
ance of legal force. I believe the power has been
conceded long ago, and I have no idea of arguing
the constitutional question over again at this late
day; I take it for granted.
Now, sir, as to the other question, the question of
expediency and propriety. I wish to say that from
the earliest period, when my mind was brought to
bear on this question, long before I entered Con-
gress, and fiom that tune to the present, there never
has been a moment when, if it had been in my
power, 1 would not have abolished slavery in the
District of Columbia upon the instant, in one form
or another. As to the particular mode in which it
should be done, that was another question; but as
to the exercise of the power whenever the oppor-
tunity should present itself, whenever it should l>e
possible from the constitution of Congress itself, I
never had a moment's hesitation, either as to the
right of Congress, or as to the duty of Congress
to exercise that right.
I know what the argument has always been m
opposition to it: *• you are affecting the institution
of slavery; you are weakening its power; you are
doing something that will have a tendency to in-
jure it; you are giving mi example that may pro-
duce evil to the institution of slavery in the States
themselves." So be it. Is there any obligation
binding on me that, in exercising a constitutional
power, in doing that which I have a right to do
under the great charter which I have sworn to sup-
port, I should do nothing which indirectly might
affect the institution of slavery in the States of the
Union ?
I have said during the last canvass repeatedly,
and I aided in passing a resolution through Con-
gress to the effect, that the object and purpose of
this war was not to affect slavery in the States,
but to uphold the Constitution and the laws of the
land. I have said at this session that that pledge
has been made by me; that the party to which 1
belonged had pledged itself that it d.id not come
into power and would not prosecute this war for
the purpose of abolishing slavery in the States;
and I said that, so far as I was concerned, I meant
to keep my pledge. But, sir, I did not say, nor
did the party to which I belong ever say, that it
pledged itself to do nothing that indirectly might
affect the institution of slavery. Do gentlemen
call upon us, because we are prosecuting this war,
to forget all we have said, and all we have been
struggling to accomplish for years? What, sir,
have we been struggling for? It was to place this
Government in a position where it should not lend
its aid to the support of slavery. Since its form-
ation, it has been devoted to that object; and what
the Republican party contended for, as I under-
stood it, was to free the Government from the in-
cubus thathad been laid upon it through its unnat-
ural connection with this peculiar institution.
Now, sir, are gentlemen so unreasonable as to
ask us, in this particular crisis of our affairs, and
because of the peculiar existing state of things,
that we shall forget all we have heretofore said on
this subject; that we shall forego all we have tried
to attain; that we shall at once ignore the ques-
tion of slaveiy altogether; that we shall do noth-
ing directly or indirectly which is calculated to
effect our own purpose, and that a constitutional
purpose, which we declared long ago. In my
judgment, it is asking too much of us; and the
process of reasoning by which gentlemen attempt
to meet this question, it strikes me, is hardly a
fair one. Lot me ask the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Willey,] for whom I have very great re-
spect, does it follow, when we act constitutionally
in one direction, that therefore we mean to act
unconstitutionally in another direction? Does it
follow, because we adopt one measure, thnt we
mean to adopt another, and a different one? The
honorable Senator has connected all the measures
before Congress together, and he views them as
parts of a whole, in the first place, here is the
recommendation of the President; in the next
place, here is the bill for the abolition of slavery
in the Districtof Columbia; and in the thhd place,
here are the questions with regard to the confis-
cation of property; and again, the lcsolutions of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] with regard to the States themselves;
and the honorable Senator from Virginia takes it
for granted that they are parts of a system. Let
me tell him it is not so; and he acts unwisely in
leading his people to suppose, because we carry
out, or attempt to carry out, what we believe to
be a constitutional power and a duty resting upon
us with regard to this particular measure, that
therefoie we mean to exercise a power which may
not belong to us under the Constitution. Each
measure should be left to be judged, to stand or
fall, upon its own merits, and according to its
issue.
Why, sir, I do not hesitate to say here most
distinctly for myself that 1 dissent entirely from
the conclusions of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, as stated m his resolutions. I do
not look upon the States of this Union as gone
and destroyed. The fundamental idea upon which
we started m this contest was, that no State could
take itself out of the Union; no State could de-
stroy its existence as a State, or change its rela-
tions to the Union. We have not recognized State
action. From the beginning we have considered
all action as individual action, as having nothing
whatever to do with the States as such. But, sir,
I do not intend to argue that question now. It is
enough to say, in this connection, that upon this
particular point the opinions of the honorable Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts arc his own, for which
he alone is responsible, and wluch he is, undoubt-
edly, well able to defend. What right, then, has
the honorable Senator from Virginia to say that
he considers all the propositions that liave been
made as parts of a system, and designed as an
attack on the institution in the States where it
exists, and a breach of the obligations under which
the dominant party held itself with reference to
this particular question?
Mr. WILLEY. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, he misinterprets me as having said that
the party designed to commit a breach of its pledge.
The main position—ifthe Senator did me the honor
to attend to my poor remarks —will be remembered
by him to have been, that in the excited condition
of the public sentiment in the slave States, these
measures would be construed as parts of a system
taken together, and in that way the Union senti-
ment by which it was hoped to reorganize the
State governments would be destroyed. I ex-
pressly put it in the mouths of the secessionists as
using these opinions in that sense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I misunderstood
the honorable Senator, and I am very glad to hear
his explanation; but let me tell him that it is his
duty and the duty of his colleague to see that their
people are not deceived.
Mr. WILLEY. I will say to the Senator that
I, with all my feeble powers, in the center of se-
cession, at the risk of my personal safety, have
said that it was no part of the purpose of the Re-
publican party to interfere with the institution of
slavery in the southern States. It has been the
labor of my life for eighteen months past to dis-
abuse the public mind of the South on that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, that the
Republican party would rejoice to see slavery
abolished everywhere, that they would rejoice if
it no longer existed, that they feel it to be a blot
upon our fair institutions and a curse to the coun-
try, there is no doubt. I can answer, for one,
that has been my opinion always, and 1 have ex-
pressed it here and elsewhere; but, sir, I have held,
and I hold to-day, and I say to-day what I have
said in my place before, that the Congress of the
United States, or the people of the United States
through the Congress, under the Constitution as
it exists now, have no right whatever to touch,
by legislation, the institution of slavery m the
States where it exists by law. I have said that,
and I say it again, boldly; for my position never
has been misunderstood on this subject. But, sir,
I say further, that so far as the people of this
country have the power, under the Constitution,
to weaken the institution of slavery; to deprive it
of its force; to subject it, as an institution, to the
laws of the land; to take away the political influ-
ence which it has wielded in this country, and to
render it, so far as they can, a nullity, they have
the right to do so, and it is their solemn duty to
exeicise it. And I say, moreover, that honorable
Senators mistake in endeavoring to excite the sen-
sibilities of their people by complaining of any
constitutional action of ours upon this subject,
and charging us with a breach of our plighted
faith.
Why, sir, do you suppose we came into power
to sit still and be silent on this subject; that we
came into power to do nothing; to think nothing;
to say nothing lest by some possibility a portion
of the people of the country might be offended?
That was the argument of the honorable Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Wright] this morning, as I
understand it. Sir, it is no more than ought rea-
sonably to be expected—no matter whether in the
progress of this war or not; no matter where it
touches—if the people of this country should see
that the institution of slavery has been the pro-
lific cause of all that we now suffer, the ground
upon which this rebellion originated, and has
been carried on, that they will, wherever they can
constitutionally strike at it, do so. All thatany-
body ought to ask is, " hands off wherever the
Constitution prohibits you from touching it at
all."
I do not grow restive, sir, because on this ques-
tion I am no longer restive; but I cannot help feel-
ing a little wonder that Senators here orgentlemen
out of this Hall should undertake to suppose that
this cry, which we have heard so long and which
has produced so much effect, that we must not
| touch the question at all, whatever may be its con-
! dition and whatever may be ours, is to be listened
|j to. I will hold, as I have always said before,
j; strictly and strongly to every pledge that I gave
|| individually, or that my party gave and that I as-
jj scnted to; but you must not expect me to take back
II all my opinions; you must not expect me to hold
