3382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 16.
army, that a Michigan regi merit was w the fight at
"Williamsburg? I do not btame him foe notgiving
credit where credit is due, for I do not believe he
knew anything more of that fight than you or I.
When that battle was fought and won, all the
enemy's works were cleared away, and we had
an open road to Richmond. There was not a sin-
gle fortification between Richmond and "Williams-
burg. All we had to do was to get through those
infernal swamps, march up, and take'possession
of Richmond. What did we do? We found the
worst swamp there was between Richmond and
Williamsburg, and sat right down in the center
of it and went to digging. We sacrificed thou-
sands and tens of thousands of the bravest troops
that ever stood on the face of God's earth, dig-
ging in front of no intrenchments, and before a
whipped army of the enemy. We waited for them
to recruit; we waited for them to get another army.
They had a levy cm masse. They were taking all
the men and boys between the ages of fifteen and
fifty-five, and magnanimously we waited weeks
and weeks and weeks for them to bring these
forced levies into some sort of consistency as an
army. The battle of Pair Oaks was fought.
There the enemy found again a little fraction of our
army, very much less than half, and they brought
out their entire force. I have it from the best au-
thority that they had not a solitary regiment in or
about Richmond that was fit to put in front of an
enemy that they did not bring to Fair Oaks and
hurl upon our decimated army. Again the in-
domitable bravery of our troops, (of the men, of
the private soldiers, the indomitable energy of
Michigan men and New Jersey men—but 1 will
not particularize, for all the troops fought like
lions,) and the fighting capacity of our army not
only saved it from being utterly destroyed by an
overwhelming force, but gave us a triumphant vic-
tory. The enemy went back to Richmond poll
mcll. 1 have been informed by a man who whs
thereat the time, that two brigades of fresh troops
could have chased the whole confederate army
through the city of Richmond and into the James
river, so utter was their rout and confusion.
And what did we do then? We found another
big swamp, and we sat down in the center of it,
and went to digging. We began to throw up in-
trcnchmonts when there were no intrenchments in
our front, no enemy that was not utterly broken.
We never took advantage of the battle of Fair
Oaks. Again Michigan soldiers were cut to pieces
by hundreds. Go into the Judiciary square hos-
pital in this city, and you will find more than half
the occupants are Michigan men who were shot
at Pair Oaks and Williamsburg, men who stood
until a ii'giment of a thousand men was reduoed
to one hundred and five, and even then did not
run. Sir, these men have been saei ificed, uselessly
sacrificed. They have been put to hard digging,
ftnd hard fare, and hard sleeping, and if there was
any hard lighting to do they have been put to that;
and, besides all this, at night they have had to
guard the property of rebels in arms. They have
been so sacrificed that two or three of the Michi-
gan regiments to-day cannot bring into the field
two hundred and fifty men each outof a thousand
with which they started.
Pair Otilcs was lost; that is to say we won a
brilliant victory, but it did us no good; we did
not take advantage of it. Of course it would have
been very unfair to take advantage of a routed
army; (.laughter;] it would not have been accord-
ing to our " strategy." We magnanimously
stopped, and commenced digging. There was no
army m our front; there were rio intrenchments
in our front; but we did not know what else to do,
and so we began to dig and ditch, and we kept
digging and ditching until the rebels had impressed
and drilled and armed and made soldiers of their
entire population. But that was not enough; they
sent Jackson up on his raid to Winchester, and
we waited for him to come back with his twenty
or thirty thousand men. We heard that Corinth
was being evacuated, and of course it would have
been very unfair to commence an attack until they
brought their troops from Coiinth, and so we
waited for the army at Corinth to get to Rich-
mond. After the rebels had got all the troops
they ever hoped to raise from any source, we did
not attack them, but they attacked us, as we had
■ reason to suppose they would. They attacked
our right wing, and as I am informed upon what
I must deem reliable authority, they hurled the
majority of their entire force upon our right wing
of thirty thousand men, and during the whole of
that Thursday our right wing of thirty thousand
men held their ground, and repulsed that vast
horde of the enemy over and over again, and held
their ground at night. Of course you will say a
reinforcement of twenty or thirty thousand men
was sent to these brave troops that they might not
only hold' their ground the next day, but send this
dastardly army into Richmond a second time, as
at Pair Oaks. No, sir, ndthing of the sort was
done.
At night, instead of sending them reinforce-
ments, they were ordered to retreat. That was
" strategy." The moment they commenced their
retreat, as is said in the dispatches, the enemy
fought like demons. Offljurse they would. Who
ever heard "of a retreating army that was#not pur-
sued by the victors like demons, except in the case
of rebel retreats? No other nation but ours was
everguilty ofstoppingimmediatelyafter a victory.
Other armies fight like demons after a victory, and
annihilate the enemy, but we do not. Our left
wing and center remained intact. A feint was
made upon the left and center, and I have here,
not the sworn testimony, but the statement of one
of the bravest men in the whole army of the Po-
tomac—1 will notgive his name, buta more highly
honorable man lives not—that when his regiment
was ordered under arms, he had no doubt that he
was going to march into Richmond. He believed
the whole force of the enemy haij attacked our
right wing; he believed there was nothing but a
screen of pickets in front; and he thought that
now our great triumph was to come off. His men
sprang into line with avidity, prepared to rush
into Richmond and take it at the point of the bay-
onet. He never discovered bis error until he saw
a million and a half dollars' worth of property
burned in front of his regiment, and then he began
to think that, an advance upon Richmond was not
intended. And it was not. We had been at work
there and had lost ten thousand men in digging
intrenchments; we had spent months in bringing
up siege guns, and we abandoned those intrench-
ments without firing one gun. Our army was or-
dered to advance on the gunboats instead of on
Richmond. This colonel told me that his regi-
ment fought three days and whipped the enemy
each day, and retreated each night. The left wing
and center were untouched until they were ordered
to retreat. No portion of our vast force had been
fought except the right wing under Porter, and
thev whipped the enemy the first day.
tliis is called strategy! Again, sir, 1 ask why
was this great army ot the Potomac of two hun-
dred and thirty thousand men divided? Human
ingenuity could not have devised any other way
to defeat that army; divine wisdom could scarcely
have devised any other way to defeat it than that
which was adopted. There is no army in Eu-
rope to-day that could meet the army of the Po-
tomac when it was two hundred and thirty thou-
sand strong, the best fighting materia^ ever put
into an army on the face of the earth. Why was
that grand army divided ? I simply charge that
grave and serious enors have been committed,
and, as I have said, no other way could have been
devised to defeat that army. If the one hundred
and fifty-eight thousand men that were sent to
General McClellan had been marched upon the
enemy, they could have whipped all the armies
the confederates have, and all they are likely to
have for six months. One hundred and fifty-eight
thousand are about as many as can be fought on
any one battle-field. One hundred and fifty-eight
thousand men area vast army, a great deal larger
army than that with which Napoleon destroyed
six hundred thousand of the Austrians in a single
year. One hundred and fifty-eight thousand men
ably handled can defeat any force the confederates
can raise; and that is the force that went down to
the peninsula. But, sir, it lay in ditches, digging,
drinking rotten water, and eating bad food, and
sleeping in the mud, until it became greatly re-
duced in numbers, and of those that were left very
many were injured in health. Still they fought;
still they conquered in every fight; and still they
retreated, because they wgrc ordered to retreat.
Sir, I have deemed it my duty to present this
statement of facts to the Senate and the country.
I know that I am to be denounced for so doing,
and I tell you who will denounce me. There are
two classes of men who are sure to denounce me.
and no one else, and they are. traitors and fools.
The traitors have been denouncing'every man
iffllo did not sing peeans to " strategy," -when it
led to defeat every time. The traitors North are
worse than the traitors South, and sometimes I
think we have as many of them in the aggregate.
They are meaner men; they are men who will
come behind you and cut your throat in the dark.
1 have great respect for southern traitors who
shoulder their muskets and come out and take
the chances of the bullet and the halter; but I have
the most superlative contempt for the northern
traitors, who, under the pretended guise of patriot-
ism, are slabbing their country in the dark.
Mr. WILSON., of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope notv Let us take
the vote on the pending bill.
KANSAS INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to withdraw his motion, to allow
me to have a matter taken up which lies upon the
table, simply as to the amendment of the title of
a joint resolution which has passed both Houses.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the joint resolution (S. No. 98) to repeal
and modify certain portions of an act mentioned
therein, which was to amend the title of the joint
resolution, so as to make it read, " A joint resolu-
tion to repeal and modify sections two and three
of an act entitled ' An act to settle the title to cer-
tain lands set apart for the use of certain half-breed
Kansas Indians in Kansas Territory,'approved
May 26,1860, and to repeal part of section one of
said act."
The amendment was concurred in.
CONDOOT OF THE WAR COMMITTEE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. With the consent of my col-
league, before the motion is put, I ask the Senate
to act on a resolution which I propose to offer,
which has to go to the other House, and which I
Should like to have acted on at once. I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the joint committee on the conduct of the war be
authorized to continue its sessions during the recess of Con-
gress.
Mr. HARRIS. I object to -the consideration
of the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie over.
CHANGE OF NAME OF A VESSEL.
Mr. KING. I move to take up the House bill
548, to change the name of a steamer.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It can be
done to-morrow.
Mr. KING. Oh, no; it will be too late then.
Mr. DAYIS. I rise to a question of order as
to the state of the business. This morning I
moved that the orders before it should be dis-
pensed with, in order to take up the bill authoriz
mg a body of volunteers to be raised in the State
of Kentucky. That bill was taken up, but it was
not got through with. For some cause or other,
it was overslaughed. I gave way for a special
motion to be made 
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator will allow the
bill which I have brought to the attention of the
Senate to be taken up; it will not take a minute
to pass it. If a single Senator objects to it, I shall
waive it.
Mr. DAYIS. I think the bill to which I referred
is the business properly before the Senate,
Mr. WILSON of Massachusetts. I must in-
sist on my motion for an executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The business
before the Senate when the Senator from Massa-
chusetts made his motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business was the bill (H.
R. No. 362) in reference to the discharge of State
prisoners. The question now is on the motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will not
go into executive session, but will take a vote on
