THE
GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL KRQCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHER BY fflHN O.^RTyrfe',' p. C..
Thirty-Seventh
FHI DAY ; IB, "1862.'
9 >' • 'I4.-L-4-. e- ' "* ^ lW'-'
"New Series....,No. :213.
this important bill. I know that the Senator from
Michigan has taken up some time in speaking on
■ a subject not pertinent to the bill; but T trust the
bill itself, which is a House bill, will be passed
upon by the Senate. I do not want it to be over-
slaughed in this way. Giye us a vote upon it. If
the Senate is opposed to it, let it be voted down,
and let it be known to the country that the Con-
gress of the United States adjourns without tak-
ing any action whatever, either to give a trial to
or to discharge the men who are in prison for po-
litical offenses, without their knowing why they
are in prison. I trust wo shall have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. Now I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate—certainly no gentleman" will
object to it—to take up that little bill, which, if
not adopted now, cannot be passed at all.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
548) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to,
change the name of the steamship Coatzacoalcos
to America, was considered as in Committee of
the .Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the name of the steamship
Coatzacoalcos, now owned by Marshall O. Rob-
erts, of New York city, to that of America, and
to issue a register in that name.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed".
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. RICE. I have been trying for two or three
days to call up a bill, but I have yielded to every-
body else. I should like to have the Senate con-
sider it. I ask the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee if he will consent Jo the bill being considered
at the present time ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts., If we could
consider and pass that bill, I should be willing to
do so; but we have another measure before us,
and it will lead to a long debate. I think we had
better go into executive session and finish up our
business there, and then, if possible, to-night we
may be able to get the Senator's bill through.
Mr. RICE. If we go into executive'session the
chairman knows we shall do nothing more to-
night.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We may
not, it is true, but I think we had better adhere to
this motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I inquire if the business in order
strictly is not the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois to postpone, until the 1st of December next,
the bill to authorize the State of Kentucky to raise
volunteer troops.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
unable to answer fully the question of the Senator
from Kentucky. When the present occupant of
the chairassumcd the chair, the bill under consid-
eration was the bill (H. R. No. 362) discharging
State prisoners, to which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Scmner] had proposed an amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBTjLL. I think I can satisfy the
Senator from Kentucky. The bill to which he
alludes was under consideration before twelve
o'clock. At the hour of twelve, the bill to provide
for the trial or release of political prisoners was the
order of the day, and superseded his bill by being
the unfinished business of yesterday, and that has
been the subject before the Senate ever since twelve
o'clock, except when gentlemen have interposed
with other business, as they have frequently done
and passed half a dozen bills in the mean time.
Now, inasmuch as thefriends of this measure have
given away repeatedly, and the day has been
spent, when it comcs to half past eight o'clock in
the evening we are met with a motion to go into
executive session. I trust that every Senator who
believes that this Congress ought not to adjourn
without passing some law that shall give to men
who say they are innocent an opportunity to prove
213
their innocence and to b'e'discliarged from prison,
will vote against going into executive session.
That is all this bill proposes to do—that those per-
sons who have been arrested without charge,
without examination, without'knowing for what,
and held in confinement, some of them for nearly
a year, should have an opportunity to be tried or
else be discharged.
Mr. DAVIS. In the morning hour I moved to
lay aside all previous orders to take up the bill to
authorize the State of Kentucky to raise volun-
teers. That motion prevailed, and that bill was
under consideration for some time when a gentle-
man appealed to me to give him an opportunity
to make a particular motion. I did so, and at the
hour of twelve, I admit that the bill indicated by
the Senator from Illinois was announced as the
order of the day, but it had been postponed upon
my express motion.
Mf. TRUMBULL. That was not postponed;
it was not up until twelve o'clock. • '
Mr. DAVIS. But I moved to postpone all
orders before the bill that I asked to take up, and
the motion prevailed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You could not postpone
the special order before the hoUr arrived for its
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Cliair
can State the facts for the information of Senators.
Upon the suggestion of the present occupant of
the chair, the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] who was entitled to the floor upon the
bill of the Senator from Kentucky, gave way that
the joint resolution of the House of Representa-
tives in regard to the confiscation bill might come
up; and when the special order came up at twelve
o'clock, on the motion of the present occupant of
the chair, it was postponed, and the Senate pro-
ceeded with that resolution. The question now is
on proceeding to the consideration of executive
business,and upon that motion the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. RICE. I am under the impression that
there are other matters which require immediate
attention.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to debate during
the call of the roll.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators must
vote without debate.
Mr. RICE. I yield to the chairman of our com-
mittee. I suppose there are good reasons known
to himselffor an executive session. I vote" yea."
The result was announced—yeas 25, nays 14;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Clark, CoIIamer,
ftoolittle. Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Har-
ris, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Rice, Sherman, Simmons, Simmer,
Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilson of Massachusetts—25.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Garble, Cowan, Davis, Hen-
derson, McDoug.iJI, Powell, Stark, Trumbull, Wilkinson,
Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some hours spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 16, 1862.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of James
N. Muller, supervising inspector ofsteamboats for
the third supervising district;
An act (H. R. No, 527) to secure one month's
pay and pension to Margaret Bailey, widow of
George B. Bailey, lieutenant colonel in the ninth
regiment of Virginia volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 572) making supplemental
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
GovernmentToTShe year ending June 'SO,' 1863,
and for the year ending June SO, 1862; -
An act (H. R. No. 561) in relation to commis-
sioned officers in the United States revenue'butter
service;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) to grantpen-
sions to mast'er's and other' officers upon the gun-
boats in the service of the United States; atra"
Joint resolution (H. R. No.' 102) 'tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain A'. H; FootedUni-
ted States Navy.' 1
BE. WILLIAM TREAVITT.
The SPEAKERstated the business first in order
to be the consideration of the unfinished business
of yesterday, being House bill No. 566, for the
relief of Dr. William Treavitt, the pending motion
being to susf>eti'd'the rtfl'es.
Mr. COX. It is the same bill which I referred
to the other day as having been reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs unanimously, by
the gentleman from'New York, [Mr. Pomeroy.1
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I object to debate at
this time. There is no report accompanying the
bill.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Pomekoy] prepared an elaborate report;
Mr. F. A. CONKXINGr demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. F. A  Conk-
ling and Cox were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 55, noes 20; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; and the
following members failed to answerto theivnames:
Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Baker, Baxter, Francis P.
Blaii, Burnham, Chamberhn, Clark, Clements, Cobb, Con-
way, Corning, Cravens, Crittenden, Cutler, Delano, Dela-
plaine, Diven, Dunn, Edgerton, English, Fouke, Pranehot,
Frank, Hale, Harrison, Hickman, Horton, Ilutchins, Jack-
son, Johnson^ Francis W. Kellogg, Kerrigan, Killmgcr,
Knapp, Lansing, Lehman, Loomii, Low, MeKean, Mavs-
ton, May, Mori is, Nixon, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Odell,
Perry,Timothy G. Phelps, Poinerov, Price,Riddle, Robin-
son, Edward fl. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Saigcnt, Shef-
field, Sherman. Trimble, Vallandigham, Vandever, Van
Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Vibbard, Vooihecs,
Wadsworth, Wallace,- Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley,
Chilton A. White, Wood, Woodruff, and Wright.
Mr. ROSCOE.CONKLING. How many mem-
bers have answered to their names?
The,SPEAKER. Ninety-nine. More than a
quorum.
Mr. ROSCOE CONIlLfNG. I move, then, to
dispense with all further proceedingsunderthecail.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Hickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House that
that body had concurred in the resolution of the
House extending the time for the adjournment of
the two Houses of Congress; also, that it had
passed bills of thefollowiugtitles,withoutamend-
ment: '
An act (H. R. No. 355) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to further promote the efficiency of
the Navy," approved December 21, 1861;
An act (H. R. No. 369) for the relief of Robert
M. Evans; and
An act (H. R. No. 503) to confirm and estab-
lisha patent heretofore grunted to Etienne Bcrnot,
dated July 24, 1860, and to secure to George Sum-
merville Norris, the assignee of said patent, the
benefit of the full term for which said patent was
granted; and bills of the following titles, with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House;
An act (H. R. No. 390) in relation to the com-
petency of witnesses in trials of equity and admi-
ralty; and
An act (H. R. No. 518) transferring the western
gunboat fleet from the War to the Navy Depait-
ment.
Also, that it had passed bills of the following
titles, in which he wasdirected to ask the concur-
rence of the House: '
An act (S. No. 385) to amend an act entitled
