1474
ran.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
tnent, to strike $ut all after the exacting clause of
the bill, and insert the following in lieu thereof 
~ Mr. DAVIS. Before the substitute of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is offered, I desire to
propose an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The proposed
substitute has first to be read, before it is open to
amendment. It will then be open to amendment
'before the vote is taken on substitution.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose the amendment
to the substitute, but to the original bill that is
under consideration.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. Both the ori-
ginal bill and the substitute will be open to amend-
ment; hut it is first in order to read the substitute
offered. The Secretary will read the amendment.
Mr. CLARK. As this amendment has been
printed, with the exceptions of a few slight alter-
ations, perhaps the reading might be dispensed
with if I state what the alterations are, and save
the time of the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. Let it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
of the amendment is called for, and it will be read.
The Secretary read it; to stiike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and to insert the fol-
lowing in lieu thereof:
That neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
for crime whereof the paity shall have been duly convicted,
shall hereafter be in the District of Columbia; and ail poi-
sons held to service or labor within said District, and owned
therein, commonly called slaves, are hereby discharged
from such service 01 labor, and arc net free.
Sec. 2. Awl be it further enacted, That any person resi-
dent in s-aid District, whose s-l.tvo may be set at liberty by
the piovisions ot this act, may, within six months alter the
passage tbeieof, and not afteiwnrds, apply by petition in
writing to the Court of Claims tot i enumeration for the loss*
of*th>  t erviccs of such <lavft ; setting 1'oith in said petition,
which shall be under oath, fiist, that the petitioner is a
resident ot the Distnctol Columbia ; is and always lias been
true to his or her allegiance to the United Urates ; that ho
or she has not borne amis'against the Government of the
United States in the present u'bellion, nor in any way given
aid or comfort theieto; second, the title ot tu'e petitioner
to the labor or setvice of said slave; when and how ob-
tained; whether there is any dispute about the same, or
whether any other pei.-on is mteiested in said seivices or
slave,, or makes any claim thereto, and if so, who> and what
claim is made; and, thirdly, the name, age, sex, habits,
usual health, defect*,and all other personal peculiatities of
said Hlave, which may enable said eouu to identity bun or
her, or deteumne the value of his or her seivices.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said court shall
receive and hear said petitions and <uiy competent evidence
in regard to the same, and detcuuine the tiuth of the alle-
gations therein, and the validity of the respective claims of
the petitioner to the services of the slaves therein de-
scnbed, and, if determined in favor of any of said petition-
ers, iix and apportion the value of the services of the slaves
of said petitioners, i espcctlvely, in money, and make a rec-
ord theieof: Provided, however, That the aggiegate sums
allowed for children under ten j ears of age shall not exceed
a sum equal to $150 for each slave child «et free under that
age; and the aggregate sums allowed for slaves over ten
years of age and under sixty shall not exceed a sum equal
to $000 for each slave set free between those ages ; and for
slaves over sixty a sum equal to $150 for each hiuve thus
set free: And provided, further, That in estimating the
number of slaves set free only those shall he counted to
whoso setnees a loyal resident of said District has a valid
claim, winch has been allowed by haul court.
Sec. 4. And he it jaether enacted, That every slave child
under ten yeais of age shall be delivered to its mothei oi
father, if alive; and if theie be no lather or mother alive,
or within said District, to its next of kin, or some person
who will take charge ot andcaie for the same; and said
child shall forever, after the passage of this art. be a tree
peison. But if there be no one to care for or take charge
ol said child, the mayors ot Washington and Georgetown,
and the levy couit of Washington county, m the District of
Columbia, in their lespective jui isdictions, may appientice
said child to some suitable person until said child shall be
eighteen years of age.
fcjnc. 3. And be it further enacted, That no person who
has home arms against the United States in the present re-
bellion, or who ha* m any way given aid or comfoit theieto,
or who has advocated the cause ol haul rebellion, shall te-
ceive any compensation of the United State* for the loss of
any slave set tiee by the piovi ion> of this act, but his claim
shall be wholly disallowed b} --aideoiut; nor shall anything
be allowed ioi any >iave biought into --aid Di^tuct since the
1st day of January, I8t>'2, except in cases where peison'! niav
have removed into <tid Di-triet for permanent residence
fainee that time, bringing their slaves with them.
Sec. 6. And be itjurt/ier cnacted, That when there shall
be any depute in regaid to the ownership of any slave, or
one or more persons may be interested m his seivices', ot
have any l.eu upon the same, the said court in «my case
"which may aiisc shall have tull powet to summon all the
parlies beiore it, and to make Mich order m the premises,
and such disposition and division of the sum allowed for
the services ot the >lave,as ju-tice and equity mayrequne;
but in no case shall the slave be depuved of his freedom,
and to this end, and lor a correct judgment m any case
au-iij£ undet thi* act, said eouit may examine all panics
uud"! oaih, and bung the slave before them for idenuiea-
tion and valuation
Sf„c. / And be it further enactcd, That said court shall,
within twelve months ftom the passage ol this act, make
a full and final repoit of the finding*, appraisement, and
orders to the Secretary of the Treasury, embracing in said
report the names, ages, owners, and valuation of all slaves
thus set free, and belonging to loyal owners in said Dis-
trict, and the names, asies, and owners, but no valuation,
of slaves belonging to disloyal owneis, when petitions have
been presented to, and disallowed b>, said court ; and the
Secretary shall thereupon cause the sums so appoitioned
to loyal claimant* for services of slaves under sixtv years
of age to be paid from the Treasury of the United States to
the parties entitled thereto, under the provisions of this
act."
Sec. S. And be it further enacted, That the sums fixed
and apportioned as aforesaid for the services of all slaves
over sixty years of age, set free by the provisions of this
act, shall not be paid by the Secretary of the Tieasury to
the claimants or owners of said slaves ; but the said sums
shall be paid to the mavois of Washington and George-
town, and the levy comt of Washington county, in the
District of Columbia, respectively, to be expended by the
mayors and court aforesaid for the time being for the sup-
port and maintenance of said slaves, from tune to time as
they may need. And if the owner ol any such slave, over
sixty years of age, neglects or refuses to apply to said court
to have his value so fixed, said slave may appoint an at-
torney, who may apply for him: Provided, however. That
any part of the valuation of any such slave rsmaining un-
expended on the death of such slave, shall be paid to his
or hei former owner by said mayors or couit.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriatedfiom the Treasury of the United States a sum
not exceeding §1,000,000 to cany this act into effect.
Stc. 10. Aiul belt fuithei enacted, That any peison or
persons who shall kidnap, or in any manner transport or
procure to be taken out or said Distitct, any person oi per-
sons discharged and freed by the provisions of this act, or
any free person or persons with mlent to reenslave or sell
such person or persons into slavery, or shall reenslave any
of said freed persons, the person or persons so offending
shall be deemed guilty of a felon}, and on conviction
thereof in anv court of competent jurisdiction in said Dis-
trict shall beimpusoned m the penitentiary not less than
five nor more than twenty jears.
Sec. 11 And be it further cnactcd, That all laws or or-
dinances inconsistent with the foiegoing provisions aic
heieby lepealed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a mo-
tion to strike out and insert, to strike out the ori-
ginal bill after the enacting clause, and insert a
new one in the form of new matter. Before the
vote on substitution is taken, both the original
bill and the substitute are open to amendment by
way uf perfection.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the original
bill by inserting at the end of the first section of
the bill, the following proviso:
Provided, That all peisons having the right to the ser-
vice of any peison or peisons to be discharged by this act
Iiom seiviee or labor shall have the right to hold posses-
sion, and have the sei viec or the person oi persons so to be
dischaiged as heietofoie until the person or persons entitled
to such semen shall have received the amount of compen-
sation herein provided to be paid them.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to make an explana-
tion for a single moment in regard to this amend-
ment. I hope it will not prevail. I hardly see
the necessity of it. It is true,the bill in the first
section provides for the immediate discharge of
these persons; but it gives an instant remedy. It
gives the claimant a right instantly to apply to the
authority established by the bill for his compen-
sation, so that he has his remedy the instant the
bill takes effect. I submit, therefore, that U does
not appear that such an amendment to this bill
is necessary to protect the rights of the claimant.
I therefore hope that the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. The good lady whose case I
mentioned a few days ago, was the owner of five
slaves, one of which lias xsnr.e died. Will the
honorable Senator explain to me when she could
get her money under this bill when it becomes a
law, and what amount would she be entitled to r
Mr. MORRILL. She may make her claim in-
stantly, as soon as the commission is instituted.
The bill authorizes the commission to pay what
they estimate the value of the slave to be, within
the limitation of this act. In the aggregate, the
average amount is not to exceed $>300. Of course,
it cannot be estimated precisely.
Mr. DAVIS. According to the operation and
effect of this bill, I suppose the commissioners
would have to ascertain the value of all the slaves
in the District, and then would have to get the
proportion of the value of each slave, as the value
each slave would bear to the aggregate amount
of the value of the slaves at $300, average price.
That is a work that would lequiie a good deal of
time to peiform. I do not see what other mode
could bo adopt* d for the purpose of ascertaining
the amount each slaveholder would be entitled to
receive under the act. This might take six months,
nine months, twelve months: we do not know how
long.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will allow me,
the limitation in the bill is nine months. The
report must be made within nine months. It may
be made much sooner.
Mr. DAVIS. The simple proposition I offer
is this: that the owners of this property shall have
the use of the property until they receive their
money. That is the whole of it; and I suppose if
there is any justice in the bill, or in the claim to
service, that that is an equitable principle.
The amendment was agreed t©.
Mr. DAVIS. I will move another amendment
to strike out the proviso in the third section of the
bill in the following words:
Proiided, however, That the entire sum so appraised and
apportioned shall not exceed in the aggregate an amount
equal to .$300 foi each person shown to have been so held
by lawful claim.
Mr. MORRILL. • I only desire to say to the
Senate that the first part oi that section provides
for the compensation to be fixed and determined
by the commissioners. The lines embraced in the
amendment provide a limitation on the power sim-
ply, that they shall not exceed $300 in the av-
erage. I am satisfied from what I have learned of
the character of the slaves in this District and of
their condition, that the bill in its present shape
affords abundant compensation to the owners. I
hope, therefore, that the amendment will not pre-
vail.
Mr. DAVIS. A simple word in reply. The
amendment, if it should prevail, would just leave
the owner of every slave to h$ve the value of the
slave. The effect of it would be to provide that
the commission proposed to be raised by the bill
should appraise each slave according to their best
judgment, and that the owner of cach slave should
have his or her value. If the limit is sufficient to
cover the actual value of every slave there will be
no injustice done. It would simplify the proceed-
ing a good deal. It adopts the principle which
prevails in all the slave States in relation to the
safe and appraisement of slaves, that every slave
shall represent his or her value, and that the owner
of each slave shall have the particular and iden-
tical value of such slave.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered*, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Me«sis. Bayard, Carlile, Davis, flundeison, La-
tham, MeDougall, Nesmith, Powell, Saulsbury, YVilley, and
Wilson of Missouti—11.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamei, Dixon, Duohttle, Fe^senden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, MomlJ, Pomeroy, ltice, Sheiman,
Sumner, Ten Evek. Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot,
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWNING. I desire to propose an
amendment to the amendmentof the Senator from
New Hampshire. I believe that is in order at
this tune.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. BROWNING. I design prefacing the pre-
sentation of the amendment with a very few re-
marks. I do not doubt at all, Mr. President, the
constitutional power of Congress to pass this bill.
It, is a question that has on some former occasions
been before Congress for its consideration, per-
haps not unfrequently at different times from the
organization of the Government until the present
day. I have taken some pains to look back into
the records of congressional proceedings, and I
find that on every occasion when this proposition
has been made it has been very earnestly resisted
by some portion of the representatives of the slave
States; but I have not found that in any one
instance opposition has been made to it on the
ground of a want of constitutional power to pass
the measure, but upon grounds of expediency
alone, i have never myself doubted the existence
of the power in Congress under the Constitution
to pass this or any other legislative measure af-
fecting the District of Columbia. The grant of
power is as broad and ample as it is possible for
our language to make it. I therefore have no diffi-
culty at all on the score of the power of Congress
to adopt the measure.
I do not think, Mr. President, that our friends
who differ from us in their views upon this bill
have any cause of complaint that we choose to
exercise a power which we may constitutionally
exeicise. They may differ from us upon the
ground of expediency; but in reference to a mat-
