452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
foreign territory, into the Union, was introduced.
I say that no Constitution was ever more palpa-
bly and flagitiously violated than was the Consti-
tution of the United States by the introduction
and passage of that resolution, it is preposterous
and absurd to say that Congress, the legislative
department of the Government, clothed with no
part or parcel of the treaty-making power, may
admit foreign territory into the United States either
as Territory or State. I voted against it then. It
is no precedent to me now. Itissuchamonstrous
absurdity that I would not give the act the least
consideration if a parallel proposition were now
to be offered.
What were the fruitsoftheannexation ofTexas?
I allude to that to show how the woof of vice and
of crime is interwoven, and how it progresses.
Mexico took exception to that act, and she
marched her army to Corpus Christi, and under
Polk's administration that army was met at Palo \
Alto and at Resaca de la Palm a by that old son
of Mars, Zachary Taylor, and it was overthrown.
What did Polk do? He sent a message to Con-
gress declaring that American blood had been shed
upon American soil, and asking Congress to repel
the invasion. It is a historical and a geographical
fact, as demonstrable as such facts can be, that
Corpus Christi never had been any part of Texas
until it was usurped after the battle of San Jacinto;
that when Texas was one of the Mexican States,
and one of the Spanish provinces, it had never
been any part of Texas. What did Congress do?
It recognized the war. I voted against the war,
and I denounced the position of the President that
American blood had been shed upon American
soil as a falsehood; and I think that 1 conclusively
proved it to be so in a speech that I made upon
the subject in the House of Representatives.
What then took place? As a continuation of
that line of policy, I say, came the war with Mex-
ico. I voted against recognizing that war. 1 voted
against it not only for the reason 1 have stated,
but for another reason. I knew that the result of
the v*ar would be the acquisition of more terri-
tory; and that whenever we got more territory,
this apple of discord, this perpetual, ilus accursed
question of negro slavery would again be thrown
m to divide and to distract the people. I then
went out of Congress, and now have returned. If
1 had been present in 1821 I might have voted
against the Missouri compromise; it is probable
I should have done so; but after it had been passed,
and had given peace and quiet to the 'and for a gen-
eration,! was utterly opposed to hs disturbance;
and if I had been a member of either House of Con-
gress m 1854 I should have voted, and I should
nave exerted myself, to preserve that compromise
inviolate. When Kansas was sought to be admit-
ted, and the Leeompton constitution was pressed
upon Congress for adoption, t investigated the
subject, and I admitted and believed and said pub-
licly and boldly that it was a most outugeous and
palpable fraud; and if 1 had been here m 1858 1
should have voted against the admission of Kan-
sas under the Leeompton constitution.
Mr. President, I am here as the humblest mem-
ber of this body; but 1 am here not as a faciion-
ist, not as a party man. I belong to no party, I
am too oid; my remaining years on earth are too
few for me ever to expect to wear another party
collar. 1 am here to vote, and to do what I deem
to be right upon eveiy question, upon every meas-
ure, as it comes up in this House, accouhng to I
the lights of my reason and of my understanding, j
1 am utterly opposed to Lhis emancipation. Oh! 1
m the name of our country, as gentlemen hope to I
restore this Union, to crush out this iebellion,to '
bring the traitors to justice and to condign pun- ]
ishment, let them suspend their measures and
their policy for the present. Until this war closes '
m triumphant success, m the glorious reconstrue- ,
tion of the Union, m the assertion of the majesty [
of the Constitution and the laws, let us have unity \
and peace among all men who want to hi iu& about j
these results. " :
I was pained, and inexpressibly pained, the j
otherday, when my n<*w but most respected friend |
from Iowa [Mi. Harlan] signified his willingness j
to put arms m the hands o\ the slaves. When !
that is done, I would say to my friend that Ml hope j
of the reconstruction of this Union is gone, gone j
forever. Oh! you do not know what a hon id state
of things that would be. Recur to your early ;
reading"; examine again in our Librai y the history !
of the insurrection in San Domingo, with all its
horrors and atrocities, the reading of which makes
human nature shildder. I have seen men refugees
from the servile insurrection of San Domingo, and
the living, glowing, Horrid colors in which they
painted those scenes to me haunt my memory to
this day. Go back to the accounts of the first in-
surrection that was contemplated at Richmond
many, many years ago; go to the insurrection in
South Carolina What is England saying now
when she had a prospect, and a wish, I believe,
to have a brush with the United States? What
are the Canadian authorities saying ? They are
calling upon the refugee slaves there to form them-
selves into companies and regiments to take part
in a war against this country, in invading the Uni-
ted States, and, no doubt, particularly the slave
States. When they come as invaders with arms
in their hands, and speak to their color and then-
race, and bring them around them with arms
placed in their hands, it will be like letting the
young tiger taste of blood. When he gets the
taste, his savage fury knows no bounds, and he
will'rage as though he came from the infernal
regions.
Sir, I am acquainted with the negro race. I
have been born in the same family with them. I
have grown up with them. 1 have played with
them. They have shared with mo my joys and
my sorrows. I have shared with them theirs. I
own slaves now. Next to my wife and my chil-
dren, I would defend my slaves, and would guard
them from every wrong; and that is the universal
sentiment of the slaveholders in my State. I wish
you would come among us and see the institution
there. My slaves are not for sale. There is no
money that would buy my faithful and contented
slaves; and they are all so, so far as I know. I
have not seen a slave chastised for twenty years;
and it is a iare occurrence that you hear of it m
my State. They are clothed well; they are fed
well; they are housed well; they have every at-
tention of the moat skillful physicians that the
rm-mbeis of the white lanuiy have. Yes, and m
ihe midst of cholera and pestilence and death,
their owneis stand by them and share the malaria
and the infection with them. 1 have scon it done
again and again. If it was not egotism, 1 would
say tJiat I have performed that pai t myself, with-
out any regard to consequences or the peril of my
life, and 1 would do it forever.
The peipeiual agitation ot the slave question is
what has brought on this rebellion. I admit that
slavery has been one of the causes; but a remote
cause and a pretty powerful one. The cotton
States, by their slaves, have amassed fortunes,
and many of their plantershave princely revenues
—from §50,000 to $100,0U0 a year. This wealth
has begot pride and insolence and ambition, and
these points of the southern character have been
displayed most insultingly in the Halls of Con-
gicss. I admit it all. But in these southern States,
and among these plantuis, aie some of the truest
gentlemen, in the highest sense of the word, that
i have ever known, and some of the purest patri-
ots. I admit, however, that, as a class, the wealthy
cotton giowers are insolent; they are proud; they
are domineering; they are ambitious. They have
monopolized the Government in its honors for
forty or fifty years, with few interruptions. When
they saw the scepter about to depart from them
m the election ot Lincoln, sooner than give up
office, and the spoils of oflice, in their mad and
wicked ambition they determined to disrupt the
old Confederation and to erect a new one, where
they would have undisputed power. I am for
meeting them m that unholy purpose of theirs. I
want tliem met in battle array. Whenever they
send an army in the field, 1 want that army met
and overthrown.
They had some reason to complain of a few old
women and fanatical preachers and madmen in
the northern States who were always agitating
this question; but nine out of ten of the northern
people were sound upon the subject. They were
opposed to the extension of slavery, and I do not
condemn them for that; but they were willing to
accord to the slaveholder and to the slave States all
their constitutional rights.
1 think that the last Congress made a great mis-
take in not accepting Mi. Crittenden's com-
promise. It would have left the cotton States
without a pretext by which they could have de-
luded and misled the masses of the people. The
last letter that Old Hickory -wrote, and there is
a gentleman now in this body who has it in his
possession, said that the tariff was only a pretext
for the disturbance in the form of nullification in
1832-33; that they meditated treason and a sepa-
rate southern empire or confederation; that they
only seized that as the pretexrfor making their
outbreak, and that they would next seize upon
the slave question as another pretext. They have
done so.
Mr. President, both sides have sinned, North
and South, the extreme men. I could live by
these gentlemen who surround me as neighbors,
holding my slaves, and they opposed to the insti-
tution. I would do it in the most perfect security,
and they would do it without infringing on any
of my rights. I know they would; but it is not
so with the extreme men; 1 am afraid it is not so
with the gentleman from Massachusetts to whom
I have been addressing some of my remarks. I
would fain hope it was so, and I shall rejoice to
find that I am mistaken. Rut what say some of
these extreme northern men about slavery and
about the Constitution ? Here is what one says:
"The Cousitution is a covenant with death and an agree-
ment with hell."—The Liberator.
•• No Union with slaveholders."—H>id.
There is proscription, without condition, in-
exorable, and forever. "No Union with -slave-
holders.' ' It is that fanatical sentiment that has
brought many of them to curse and to execrate
the memory of Washington, as well as of the Con-
stitution. Here is what another of them has said:
" The anti-slavery,«party had hoped for arid planned dis-
union because it would lead to the development of man-
kind and the elevation ot the black man."—Wendell Phil-
lips.
Phillips gives his sympathies, as the gentleman
from Indiana gives his, to the southern confeder-
ation, and he says "the South deserved to suc-
cced because she had exhibited better statesman-
ship, and more capacity for control." The abo-
litionists subscribe to a memorial to Congress that
contains this prayer:
"That amid the varied events which are constantly oc-
curting, and which will moie and moie occur during the
momentous struggle m which we are engaged, such meas-
uies may be adopted as will msuie emancipation."
That is the °reatendand object for which many
of these fanatics contend; it is not the reestabhsh-
mont of the Constitution. I want the Constitu-
tion reestablished as Washington made it. In
attempting to put down this rebellion and to pre-
vent a revolution, I do not want Congress itself
to inaugurate and consummate a revolution. No,
Mr. President, let Congress do its duty in this
war, faithfully, fearlessly. The people are doing
theirs; they have come up to the rescue of the im-
periled capital and Government as no people ever
came up before. Yea, from the east to the west,
especially in the free States, they are as one man.
Kentucky has been invaded. The confederate
government has avowed that it will have Ken-
tucky and Maryland and Missouri. They pro-
claimed, when they invaded Kentucky, that Ken-
tucky was ncccsscuy to the southern confedera-
tion, and they would have it at the cost of blood
and of conquest. I am for meeting them, not only
with sword, but with sword and shield, and I am
for fighting them to extermination until we beat
them back, having profaned so outrageously our
soil. Our brothers of thenorthwestern States, and.
of the extreme northwestern States, have come to
our rescue with a generosity and a devotion and
a brotherhood that fill us with admiration and
gratitude. Never, oh! never were there more
welcome visitants to any country. They have
seen us; they have seen our institutions; we have
seen them; we have become better acquainted
with each other, and we have learned to esteem
each other more truthfully and correctly. Thny
are beginning to marry our daughters, and we will
send our sons to marry their daughters, and let us
establish a union of hearts and a union of hands
that will last forever.
Why,Mr. President,Kentucky hasalmost peo-
pled the northwestern States, especially Indiana
cind Illinois, i have no doubt that one fourth of
the people of Indiana ato either native-born Ken-
tuekians or the sons and daughters of native-born
Kpntuckions. They are bone of our bone, and
flesh of our flesh. When you offer to the Union
men of Kentucky the choice, whe'ther they will
remain united forever with Indiana and Ohio and
Illinois, or go with Georgia and South Carolina
