2434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move the
reference of the hill and amendment to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the main ques-
tion has been ordered
Mr. RICHARDSON. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER.. It has, but the main ques-
tion has been ordered on this bill.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 50.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that Jhe motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA COPIES OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. WALTON". I rise to a privileged ques-
tion I am directed by the Committee on Printing
to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the Presi-
dent's message of May 27, i862, on the means and agencies
for the protection of the Government, be printed for the use
of the House.
The resolution was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU BILL, ETC.
Mr. WALTON, from^he same committee, re-
ported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the act to
establish a Department of Agueulturc, together with the
report of the Com tint tee on Aguculturc theiuon, be punted
for the use of the Hou-se.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. WALTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report back the following
resolution:
Revolved, That the ('icik of the Iloime of Uopio-scntntivoi
be directed to procure from the publishets, foi the um; of the
House Jibiaiy, at a co.-t not exceeding what has hejetotoie
been paid foi the t-aul woik, one bundled copies or sets ot
the Annals of Conirre-j; ami Register of Debates, and pay
for the same out of the contingent fund of tile IIounc : Pro-
vided, That thu copie> oi sets leiiuumng m the hands of the
proprietor^ alter the execution ot tins ie>olution bh.ill not
be s>old oi disposed of until they have been olieied to Con-
gress.
Mr. Speaker, it is proper to state that the gen-
tleman from New Yoi k, a member of the commit-
tee, agreed to repott the resolution only on the
understanding that he should not be considered
as recommending its passage. I do not propose
to restate the facts, which are contained in the
report of the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
On a division, there were—ayes 43, noes 56.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker. Fiancis P. Bl.iii, Samuel S. Blair,
George H. Biovvne, Bnlhntoii, L'hatnbei lin, Clark, Cobb,
ColfaK, Fit-dene k a. coiikiuil', ho-coc Conklni , (Joining,
Cutler, Dawes, Dtvou, Jtldireiton, fid wauls, Engl Mi, Pev^rii-
den, Fi an k,Gi angei, llano hett, Hickman. Mutch ins Julian,
Keliey, Francis \V. Kellogg, William Kello«g, Kerrigan,
ICnapp, Landing, Looinis, Lovcjoy, McKuight, Mitchell,
Anson P. MouilJ, Odell, Olm, I'atton, Pike, Poilei, John
II. Uice, ltobiiKon, Kdvvuid H Rollirn, Satireiir, Sedgwick,
Shnnk>, John B, Stc« le, William G. Steele, Tumble, Tiow-
bridge, Van Valkeiibuigii, Veiree, Wilson, Windom, and
Woodruff—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrioh, Alley, Ancona, Bailv, Baxter,
Beainan, Biddle, Ja^ob B UI.ur, Blake. William G. Biown,
Calveit, Ca-«oy, Clement-, Co\, Ci ittenden. Delano, Duell,
Dunlap, Dunn, Ely, Fisher, Gooch, Gnder, liaight, Untding,
Uairisou, Uouon, Law, Leaiv, Mcl'lieuon, Malloiy, May-
natd, Monzies, Moorhead, Noble, lVoell Nugen, IVnd'eton,
Perry, John S. Phelps,Timothy G. Phelps I'omeroy.Puce,
Alexander 11. Rice, Richardson, Riddle. James H. Rollins
Segar, Sheffield, Sloan, Steven?, Benjamin F. Thoma-,
Francib Thomas, Tram, Vooihee.s, Wadsvvorth, Walton,
Watd, Webster, Whaley, Albeit S. White, Chilton A.
White, Wic klitle, and Worcestei—64.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
Mr. WALTON. 1 desire to say that we now
annually pay for the debates of Congress more
than three tunes the amount involved m this res-
olution.and yet the resolution is to purchase a
work containing the proceedings of Congiess for
the first forty-eight years after the organization
of this Government. In 1850 we purchased one
hundred sets of th;s work for our library, but at
this time that number is reduced to eighty-five
SeMr. F. A. CONICLING. How has the num-
ber been so reduced ?
Mr. WALTON. By the neglect of members,
probably, to return them to the library. If we go
on at this rate, very soon the supply in our library
will be exhausted. There are but three hundred
sets left in the hands of the publishers, and we
shall be obliged, unless we supply ourselves soon,
to reprint that work ere long at an expense of per-
haps half a million of dollars. As a matter of
economy, therefore, I think we ought to purchase
these books; and we ought to purchase them now,
when, by doing so, we can give some benefit to
those who are the authors and the proprietors of
the work. I move the previous question.
Mr. CLARK. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the previous question. I am a member of
the Committee on Printing, and desire to make a
statement.
Mr. WALTON. Certainly; I withdraw the
call in favor of my colleague.
Mr. CLARK. The matter has been before the
House before. At the extra session of Congress
the facts were reported to the House, and a res-
olution, recommended by the committee, repoi ted
for their adoption, but the House voted it down.
Subsequently, and during this session, the mat-
ter was again referred to the committee,and they
have brought it befote the House again.
I find, upon examination, that thete are eighty-
five perfect copies in the House library, thirty in
the Senate library, and thirty-five copies m wrap-
pers, ready to be exchanged with foreign Govern-
ments. That gives us more than a hundred per-
fect copies besides those in wiappeis.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from New York whether
all the public documents relating to the earlier
sessions of Congress were not burned when the
congressional library was burned some years ago,
and whether he can find any information upon
the subject of these debates, except by recurrence
to these very books ?
Mr. CLARK. I understand that theie are
eighty-five perfect sets in the House library, thirty
in the Senate library, and thirty-five put up in
wrappers. The expense attendant upon the adop-
tion of this resolution will be $35,500—an ex-
pense which can very well be avoided at this time.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield to ma a moment. I think if
there is anything in this matter of not having cop-
ies enough oftlus work in future, youcan go about
the country and purchase any number of copies
which may be required, twenty yearshence,al!ess
than one halt of what it is now proposed to buy
them at.
Mr. IIOSCOE CONKLING. You can do it
to-day.
Mr. HICKMAN. The country has been flooded
with these works by the action of previous Con-
^resses. There is no question about that. A large
majority of the members of this House know that
a trade has been carried on here by speculators in
the Congressional Globe and the Annals of Con-
gress, and this has been going on for years. And
are not gentlemen aware of the fact that the pro-
ceeds of this proposed purchase will not go into
the hands of Gales & Seaton, as I am informed,
but into the hands of a set of secession sympa-
thizers, now in the city of Washington, who have
trafficked in these books for years past, and who
propose to do so until this edition is exhausted?
This is a mere, sheer, bald, and bold speculation,
and I hope the House will vote down the propo-
sition.
Mr. CLARK. I have a communication in my
hand which 1 desire to have read.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man yield to me ?
Mr. CLARK. After the communication is read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Washington, May 15, 186i2.
Sir: In jeply toyourinquny relative lo the cost, &<\.of
the Annal- ol Congio*; and the RogMei of Debate*. I have
to state thatthe Annal- i-  comprised m foitv-two volume-,
and the Rogi-tei in twenty-nine volumes. The publisher*
pi ice i- live dollar p -i \ ojtime, amounting to .<155." pet ,-ct.
The eo-t of one bundled i-* .^vOO Theie undoubt-
edly are in second hands in tins and other eittes neai b}-
enough of these books to supply any otder Congress may
make, and which, no doubt, can be bought at one half the
publisher's price, provided the order be drawn requiringthe
Clerk to purchase-of the lowest bidder.
There are now in the House library about eighty-five
complete sets of the Annals and Registers.
Very respectfully, JOHN BArLEY.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I understood him to say that if this purchase was
made, the money would go into the hands of cer-
tain secession speculators. Pleasedesignatethem.
Mr. WALTON. I hardly intended to yield to
every gentleman upon the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to reply to the gen-
tleman from Missouri. I believe I know the names
of one or two of those gentlemen, but I do not
wish to put them upon the record here.
Now, I wish to say an additional word, and
that is, that no person knows better—none here
knows so well—as the gentleman from Missouri,
that it was the uniform practice of this House, up
to the Thirty-Fourth Congress, when the prac-
tice was stopped, to vote to each member of Con-
gress these identical publications. The conse-
quence isthat those books are a drug in the hands
of those former members of Congress, and you
can go about the country nowand purchase them
for a song1.
And does not the gentleman also know that
when these books were ordered by this House to
be put chased by the Clerk, instead of getting them
from the original publication offices—the Congres-
sional Globe from Blair & Rives, and the Annals
of Congress from Gales & Seaton—they were
bought all around the country, and one half the
books distributed were old copies? Does not the
gentleman know that that was the constant com-
plaint made by the publishers of these respective
works—Blair &. Rives and Gales &. Seaton ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not remem-
ber it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I remember it distinctly.
The subject was discussed in the Thirty-Fourth
Congress several times.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania stated m his place that if this
resolution should pass, the money would go into
the hands of accession sympathizers.
Mr. HICKMAN. I say I was informed so.
Mr PHELPS, of Missouri. As a matter of
course, he was ad vised upon the subject. 1 was not.
I desired to have them specified, because I desire
to have them dealt with according to the law of
the land. 1 have no sympathy with them. When,
however, he is called upon to name those parties,
instead of answering the question, he refers to
some knowledge I may have in reference to the
manner in which books were distributed in former
years. My recollection differs with his.
The Annals of Congress were directed to be
published under an act of this House, and provis-
ion was made that Congress should take a cer-
tain number of copies. I did not approve of that
measure, and 1 endeavored to defeat that law.
But it was carried;and I have the impression that
but one distribution was ever made to members of
the House of Representatives, and that to the Con-
gress which voted the appropriation and directed
this compilation to be made.
So far as the Register of Debates is concerned,
they were published many years ago. Some were
distributed at that time,and some were distributed
at a subsequent time.
Mr. NOELL. t rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Vermont was entitled to the floor
and yielded it to the gentleman from New York.
I make the point that the gentleman from New
York cannot yield the floor except uncondition-
ally.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. WALTON. I will resume the floor unless
the gentleman from New York wishes to continue
his statement.
Mr. PRANK. Will the gentleman yield to me
a moment?
Mr. WALTON. I cannot.
Mr. COX. 1 object.
Mr. WALTON. A certain paper has been read
here which some members may suppose came
from the Clerk of the House. That is not so. That
paper conies fiom apeison employed about this
Capitol, and he is not the Clerk of the House. I
saw it befoie I made this report. He states that
in this city and elsewhere copies of this work may
