1862.
the congressional globe.
■'4m
and Florida, they will answer, "a thousand fold
will we be united rather with the Northwest than
with those distant States."
They have proved their truth to the Union; they
have proved their sympathy and their kindred to
us. When they were young, Ilentuckysent forth
its chivalry, and shed its blood in their defense.
In Arthur St. Clair's defeat the unbroken wilder-
ness was made red with the best blood of Ken-
tucky. At Tippecanoe, in 1811, Indiana received
from Kentucky the same oblation. In the war of
1812, Ohio and Indiana and Michigan all had Ken-
tucky blood poured out as water to drive the
savage foe, both British and Indian, from their
borders; and never, never was there a call upon
Kentucky that her true and brave sons did not go
to the defen.se of her common country in these
sister States. We felt that these States owed us
something; but oh! how nobly and truthfully and
fully are they paying the debt. 1 have seen mo-
thers and daughters, fathers and sons—the whole
population assembled all through my portion of
Kentucky to meet and to greet these coming hosts
from Ohio and Indiana, to protect their Govern-
ment, and to protect that State which had protec-
ted them in bygone days. And oh! what meet-
ings they were, what an outpouring of the heart
and of all its truest and best sympathies. I have
been in their camps, I have mingled with their
officers, I have conversed with their soldiers, I
have addressed their regiments; they have elected
me honorary member of their regiments. 1 know
your Cills and your Nortons, your Harrises, your
Heckers, foreigners and natives, who are com-
manders of these regiments. I know that they
have as nine to one expressed to me that their
purpose and their only purpose in waging this war
was the restoration of the Union and the vindica-
tion of the Government, and not to war upon sla-
very. Thus writes one of them from the camp,
at Glenn's Fork, Pulaski county, and no doubt
this gallant son of Indiana was m the late hard-
fought battle there.
" Ah an ludidiiicin and a member of the Army of the Union
1 cannot fail to expiesx my satisfaction at tlio justand con-
servative course ot the Louisville Journal on the slavery
question. Indiana is not fighting for the emancipation of
the slaves, but for the restoiation of law and oulei. When
that shall have been accomplished our mission is ended.
"Out of the ofliceis and soldiers of the Tenth Indiana, I
do not know of one abolitionist. If Congress would legis-
late lor the benefit ot'tvhite men, and let the 110510 alone.it
would be better."
And oh! how much better it would be. That is
the instinct of truth and patriotism, of mind and
. heart; and that utterance nine tenths of the soldiery
of the Northwest speak and will speak forever. If,
sir, you had proposed your measure before this
grand and all-conquering Army had been collected
together, and told them it was to be a war upon
slavery, you would never have had one fourth of
the host in the field that you have. Whenaparty
wins power, the best way lo preserve it is to use
it in moderation, and especially within the Con-
stitution. Fanaticism and passion and excitement
never did and never will wisely legislate for or
govern any country. Senators, you are supposed
to act, not from passion and a desire of vengeance
and to punish, but from reason and patriotism,
and right and truth, and eternal justice. If you
act upon these principles, and allay the swelling
passions as they rise m your bosoms, I am not
afraid to trust you.
But, Mr. President, these fanatics, these political
and social lemures,yourGreeIeys, your Cheevors,
your Phillipses, and your Garrisons, that come
here like spmtsfrom the infernal regions to bring
another pandemoniumintoour councils,to violate
the Constitution, to walk to the destruction of
slavery over all its broken fragments, and to op-
pose Lincoln, as honcstand as pure a man as lives,
because he does not go with them m thcirexticme
opposition to slavery—what ought to be done with
them? The utterances which 1 have read to you
they have dared to give m this city. They have
desecrated the Smithsonian Institution to the ut-
terance of such sentiments. If secessionists or
those who sympathize with them had made the
same utterances, they would have been sent, and
properly sent, to Fort Lafayette or to Fort War-
ren? What should you do with these monsters?
I will tell you what i would do with them: your
moral monster Greeley, and your other moral mon-
sters who are screeching here like hungry wolves
after slavery—that slavery which was established
by the Constitution and by Washington. Whnt
should be done with them? If I had the power,
I would take them with the worstst secesh,"and
I would hang them in pairs. [Sensation.] I wish
to God that 1 could inflict that punishment upon
them. It would not be too severe. They are
the agitators; they are disunionists; they are the
madmen who are willing to call up all the infernal
passions and all the horrors of servile war, and to
disregard utterly the Constitution, and march tri-
umphantly over its broken, disjected fragments to
attain their unholy purposes, and I am too fearful
that the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
sympathizes with them.
Mr. President, I most humbly ask the pardon
of the Senate for this desultory, lengthy, and dis-
cursive discourse. I trust I have wounded the
feelings of no gentleman. It was not my purpose
to do so; it was far from my purpose. I want the
Union restored. If it is to be restored it is by the
instrumentality of the President of the United
States. ^ In his integrity and patriotism and truth
I place implicit confidence. He is a moderate man
in his principles. He is a just man. He is a wise
man. if he were left to his own counsels, to the
suggestions of his own reason, to the impulses ot
his own heart, if he had a little more of the stern
and iron element of a Clay or an 44 Old Hickory,"
and would act out his own will, and repress the
men whose pestilent counsels distract him and
neutralize his efforts to bring this war to a speedy
and to a triumphant close, 1 think that he would
act his part more nobly and with more success.
So far as I am concerned, he has my confidence
and my respect. I can clothe him with no pow^r
by my vote to carry on this war vigorously and
successfully within the Constitution, that I will
withhold from him. I want the aid of Black Re-
publicans and Republicans and Democrats and
all, in this holy work. I caie not what laurels
and honors and hopes of future emolument and
office any man may win.
I admired, beyond measure almost, the dead
hero Lyon. In my judgment, he showed himself
more of a warrior than any man who has yetex-
hibited himself in the field during this struggle.
The moment that he detected the purposes of damp
Jackson at St. Louis, he moved upon it and cap-
tured it and all of its hosts. When the traitor Jack-
son, thedisloyal Governor ofMissouri,issued his
treasonable proclamation and fled toward Boon-
ville, the active, the dauntless, and the military
Lyon was after him with his army, and overtook
and dispersed his hosts to the wind. He and Sigel,
a foreigner but a warrior, himself a man of mili-
tary education, a genius naturally, met the foe at
Carthage, and fought a small battle, but one of
the most perfcct battles, in my judgment, of which
history gives any record. Then the enemy re-
turned in a vast host to Springfield. With an in-
ferior army, Lyon and Sigel met them again. Two
regiments were at Rolla that ought to have been
sent to reinforce them, but they were not sent. If
they were sent they might have given us the doy.
Lyon, to save the cause of his country and ofMis-
souri, made the battle. He rushed into the thick-
est of the fight, and he fell a voluntary martyr to
his country's cause, and then Sigel made one of the
most masterly retreats that I have read of. I wish
that that dead hcio was now alive, again to mar-
shal our armies to victory and to help to deliver
the country from its imperiled condition. Mr.
Piesident, let any wariiorcomc who has capacity
to bring if to a close or to contribute materially to
its success, I care not whathis politics, I give him
my faith, my support, my admiration, my grati-
tude, and so will my State, or the Union portion
ot it. We want the assistance of everybody, of
every Union man to bring this war to a close, and
we trusted,before 1 left home,and I still trust, that j
these discoidant questions, these measures which I
must divide us, will be left unattempted, at least !
until the war has crushed out the most wicked and '•
infamous rebellion that ever was made in the tide :
of time. J
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I do not in- '
tend to reply in detail to the somewhot extroor- ;
dmary speech that has just closed, for two reasons
satisfactory to myself. In the first place, I should
hardly hope to equal the eloquence and learning :
that have been displayed: and in the second place,
I agree too fully with many things that have been ;
said, to make it necessary for me to attempt a dc- 1
tailed response to the speech. I will say, however
—and 1 trust the Srnator will pardon me for the .
allusion—that it does seem to-me that thg whole
speech has been a little ill-tirwedy and especially
that part of the speech which makes it necessary
for me to say one word. .
The Senator has expressed the hope that the
unending slavery question may not agitate this
body and the country; and yet, as extraordinary
as it may seem, in connection with that expression
he himself has unnecessarily detained the Senate
and retarded the public business of the country lor'
more than an hour in the discussion of that very
question. Sir, what is the question now before
the Senate ? The propriety or the impropriety of
retaining as a member of this body the sitting Sen-
ator from Indiana. Now, I ask what pertinency
to that question has been the whole speech which
has occupied the Senate for more than two hours
to-day ? 1 make this remark not for the purpose
—not with the desire—of chiding the Senator who
has taken his seat; but I wish the Senate to bear
me witness here, and the country to take notice of
the fact, that every long, labored, excited discus-
sion of the slavery question that has taken place
in this Chamber for the last six years, during
which I have had the honor to occupy a seat here,
has been lugged in in that manner and by gentle-
men holding seats from slaveholding States.
Mr. DAVIS. Will thegentleman allow rac to
say a word?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I confess to the gentleman's im-
peachment that a great part of my speech was in-
appropriate, but it was designed in some measure
to meet the numerous petitions that have been
presented by the Senator from Massachusetts and
other gentlemen upon this floor.
Mr. HARLAN. I will, however, Mr. Pres-
ident, whilst I am on the floor, and before I allude
to the proper question of discussion, attempt to
set myself right on the point alluded to by the
Senator. When I made the remarks to which he
evidently alluded, this body was entertaining and
consideringSenate joint resolution No. 29, which
proposes to authorize the commander of the Army
in the western division, including Kansas, to mus-
ter into the United States service " such persons
as may present themselves for tint purpose, and
organize them therefor, and to remain therein such
length of time as, in the opinion of such com-
mander, the exigencies of the service may re-
quire." This was opposed on the ground that the
commander of that division of the Army might,
using his personal discretion, muster into the ser-
vice of the United States Indians and persons of
Afiican descent. I expressed myself in favor of
the proposition; and in reply to some remarks
dropped by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Saulsbury,] I stated that I individually had no
objection to mustering into the service of the Uni-
ted States men of color, either Indians or negroes,
and I attempted in a few brief remarks to illus-
trate my view on that subject. I stated that I
could perceive no reason why an able-bodied man,
native-born m the United States, should not aid
in defending the Constitution and the laws; nor
do I now pciceive a reason why this should not
be done.
I know it is said in language pathetic and elo-
quent, '• what! arm the slaves against their mas-
ters !" I might make a truthful appeal still more
startling, and ask, "what! arm the children against
then* fathers!" And yet that is being done by
your mustering olKcers every day, where the fa-
ther chances to he a traitor and a rebel. Are you
not to permit the young men of the country to
arm themselves in defense of the Constitution and
the laws because their parents happen to be trai-
toi s' You exercise the right to take my son under
the age of twenty-one years and place him between
your violated Constitution and the country's foes,
regardless of my rights to his service or to the
control of his person. Now, I ask the Senator
from Kentucky what better is his slave than my
son ;
Mr. DAYIS. Not half so good.
Mr. HARLAN. I will illustrate what I mean
on this subject, by supposing that the Senator,
with some of his well-taught and Christian slaves,
was engaged in a personal contest for life and t
death between me and my son. As we gradually
became exhausted on the one side and the other,
I knowing full well that the moment I give his
slaves the intimation that I would protect them
they would flee from their master to my defense.
