THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
longs to Breckinridge. They could hare been
purchased a short time since for $16,000 each,
making $48,000 in the aggregate, and that is all
that they cost in high speculative times. The
large lot of ground adjoining, that was purchased
when real estate was kiting, cost nearly what my
colleague states. It has been sold, however, and
is not part of the property which it is now pro-
posed to convey to the United States. But the
houses remain, and I have reason to know that
they have been offered for $16,000 apiece, which
•frould make an aggregate of $48,000. Probably,
if they were put up at auction, they would not
to-day bring $10,000 each. There is a certain
interest in this matter which I would be very glad
to favor, as glad as my colleague, if it could be
done. But I would rather vote $10,000 to Mrs.
Douglas. As for buying the property of Breck-
inridge and other individuals at twice its value, I
never can or will consent to it. Those who rep-
resent Brcckinridgc & Co. here arc constantly
complaining of the expenses of the Government,
constantly complaining that we are paying more
than we ought for the Army and Navy and other
expense, and yet it is proposed to pay twice the
value for these buildings. The House has just
adopted a resolution which I would not like to
characterize it as I regard it. They did not view
it as I do, for I have no more doubt that that reso-
lution was a sheer swindle than I have that I stand
here.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What docs the gentle-
man refer to ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I refer to the resolution which
proposes to give a pension to Gales & Seaton.
Mr. "WHITE, of Indiana. I rise to a point of
order. It is not m order to discuss a bill that has
been passed.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. I am illustrating this bill by
a previous one. if we do one wrong thing, we
ought not to do another wrong tiling on the heels
of Jt.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion should be con-
fined to the pending amendment.
Mr. LO VEJOY. Well, Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to tins whole tiling. Two of these build-
ings were put up at $10,000 each under contract;
and that, too, at tuneswhen prices were very high
and extravagant.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I movenproformaamend-
ment, for the purpose of replying to my colleague.
There is no authority for his statement, if he
had consulted the public records, he would have
found that Mr. Breckinndge's portion of this
properly passed into the hands of Mr. Coihin
more than a year ago—as true and loyal a man as
my colleague, or any one with whom he associ-
ates—yes, sir, more so. So much for that.
The gentleman stales that these houses could
have been puichased for $10,000 each. I meet
that with a flat contradiction. It is not so. The
gentleman says again that they weje built for
$10,000. That I also meet with flat denial. It
is not the truth. I stated, when I was on the floor
before, that these buildings cost over one hun-
dred and thirty thousand dollars. Judge Doug-
las's house cost, 1 believe, in the neighborhood of
thirty-four thousand dollars. By an arrangement,
as that "is the laigestand best of the houses, the
widow, who i£ entitled to it, gets some thirty
thousand doliuis. The others aie to be paid for
at a little over twenty-two thousand dollars each.
I ascribe my colleague's statement, in legard to
part of this property belonging to A'Ir. Bieckin-
ridge, to the fairness which usually eharacteuzes
his course. [ icpeat that tins Government can-
not build so fine a hospital that can accommodate
four hundred patients, for the amount to which
this bill limits the price in this case.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish simply to state that
, h'om the lips of Judge Douglas himself
that the other two houses could be had for $16,000
each, i do not know that he told me what lus
own house cost.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Was he inviting you to
come and place yourself near him?
Mi. LOVEJOY. Perhaps that was his object.
We were metiy nc^r t°oetiier before his death. *
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will they be
near together after death ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 doubt it. I cannot
gainsay my colleague's statement. But as to the
cost of the building, I do contest his statement.
There is not a builder in the city of Washington
or elsewhere who would undertake to put up such
buildings for the price of $16,000, or anything like
it. I canrproduce the bills paid by Judge Doug-
las for his house, showing what it cost to con-
struct it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Imovltoamend
the bill, by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting:
That the sum of $10,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propi iated, payable out of any money In the Treasury not
othci wise appropriated, to Mrs. Douglas, widow of the late
Stephen A. Douglas, late Senator of the United States fiom
tho Statu of Illinois.
I offer this because I do not wish to have the
House appropriate a much larger sum than is ne-
cessary to accomplish what is the.real piupose of
this act. So far as I understand the circum-
stances, the buildings proposed to be bought by
this bill, now before the committee, are not ca-
pable of being altered so as to accommodate over
four hundred patients. I think, that with the
sum proposed, a building capable of accommo-
dating one thousand patients can be constructed.
I do not object to appropriating the sum of $10,000
to Mrs. Douglas.
Mr. IHCIIARDSON. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say a word ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. An hospital, properly
ventilated, cannot be constructed capable of ac-
commodating one thousand patients.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If we purchase
the buildings the whole interior must be taken
out and reconstructed, in order to make it suitable
for a hospital; and that would cost probably as
much as it would cost to build a new one. This is
a plain proposition. We are asked to pay twenty-
five or forty thousand dollacs more than the prop-
erty is worth, in order that $10,000 may get into
the pocket of Mrs. Douglas. 1 do not like such
a round-about way of doing business, and trust,
therefore, that my pioposition will be adopted.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the
amendment offered by the gentleman fiom Ver-
mont. I am not sufficiently familiar with the
value of property in tins city to say whether or
not the sum proposed m this bill is a fair price.
But even if the pucc weic very low, the building
is not now, and cannot be made by any altera-
tions, what would be regarded by medical men
a suitable hospital. As I understand, the large
numbers of sick and wounded men from our Army
have been already provided for in temporary hos-
pitals ere.cted within and outside of the corporate
limits of the city. A number of public buildings
and private residences have also been rented by
the Government and made use of for this purpose.
Fiom mfoimation which I have received from
some of the surgeons who are performing duty m
these hospitals 1 presume that they will furnish
at! the accommodation required, since the great
body of our Army has ad vancedfrom the Potomac.
1 am satisfied, thercfoic, that an appropriation of
the amount specified in this bill could be much
more advantageously employed in the purchase
of a suitable lot and the erection of buildings upon
it. These buildings, as we are informed, occupy
all of the ground belonging to them in front and
on one side, thus making it impossible by future
purchase to provide an open space around them.
This, Mr. Chairman, is with me a fatal objection
to the purchase of this property. The importance
of having open ground and a free circulation of
air about a hospital every gentleman here can
appreciate, and should not be overlooked.
Now, sir, this city is surrounded with beautiful
eminences and numerous sites much better adapted
to the location of buildings for hospital purposes
than can be found anywhere within its corporate
limits. And since there exists no uigent neces-
sity, so far as we are advised, for additional hos-
pital accommodations at the present time, we can
very wisely, I think, postpone the consideration
of any future necessity until it arises.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman will
permit me to say that no ground can be obtained
in front beyond (he one hundred and fifty feet,
but two hundred and fifty feet back can be ob-
tained.
A Member, At what price?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Ten thousand dollars.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Thatwill not remove the ob-
jection which I make. It seems to me that if the
Government is to have a hospital here which is
intended to be permanent, it should not be locfled
in the city at all. It ought to be placed upon
some of the beautiful eminences surrounding the
city, where you can obtain an abundance of ground
and an abundance of pure air. I am certain that
the additional outlay which will be required to fit
up this building as a hospital, and introduce into
it thevarious improvements now deemed essential
in all public hospitals, will amount to much more
than would be required to erect a first-class hos-
pital and purchase ample grounds in a suitable
location. I hope, therefore. Mr. Chairman, the
bill will not pass.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend by redu-
cing the amount to $60,000.
Mr. Chairman, I was out of the House when
this bill came up for consideration, and I am not
advised whether there is a report accompanying it
or not. I suppose not, however. But before I
i proceed with the remarks I propose to make, I de-
1 sire to ask the gentleman from Illinois who are the
ownersof the property itisproposed to purchase?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mrs. Douglas is the
owner of the largest building. Mr. Fant, a banker
on Pennsylvania avenue, in this city, is the owner
of another, and Mr. Corbm,a resident of the city,
is the owner of the other.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 would inquire whether
Mrs. Douglas is the owner in her own right?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir. I will state
the whole matter in regard to the condition of
ownership. Mrs. Douglas is the owner of the
property m her own right. There is a mortgage
upon it for $10,000, and the excess which is paid,
whatever it is, will inure to her benefit. She
joined her husband in the mortgage, and it there-
tore binds the property to that extent.
Mr. EDWARDS. It seems, then, that onlya
portion of this money will inure to the benefit of
Mrs. Douglas as purchase money, or as money
paid on the purchase under the provisions of this
bill. Whatamount that would be beyond $10,000
1 am not quite informed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I stated that if the pur-
chase is made, by an arrangement between the
owners, Mrs. Douglas will rcceivc $30,000, and
the others $'22,500 each.
Mr. EDWARDS. It seems, then, that there
are other parties who are to receive a portion of
this amount, and that relieves the matter of the
purchase from the consideration of favor.
Now, sir, I should be very willing, if our Treas-
ury were full, to be generous. No one more highly
appreciates the position, the commanding ability,
and, at the close of his life, enviable reputation of
the deceased husband of Mrs. Douglas than I do;
but I do not feel that, in the present condition of
the country, we have the nghtto be generous with
that money which is to be drawn from the people
for the purpose of sustaining this war. It was upon
this consideration that I voted against the appro-
priation made in the resolution which this morn-
ing passed the House, for the purchase of the
Annals of Congress, which undoubtedly was in-
tended to relieve somebody.
But the only question with me in the bill coming
before us, under these circumstances, is whether
this property is needed for the use of the Govern-
ment. If it is, then we should ascertain how we
can purchase it on the most economical terms.
So far as the substitute of the gentleman from
Vermont is concerned, I confess that I do not see
upon what principle it pan be supported or advo-
cated in this House.
A Member. On the principle that it is not as
bad as the oiiginal bill.
Mr. EDWARDS. We have had many dis-
tinguished men, whose loss the country has been
compelled to mourn. We had in one section of
country one of the most distinguished men who
perhaps ever honored this nation, but I have never
heard of any proposition being presented here to
appropriate money for the relief of the family of
;| Daniel Webster, and I do not think this is a good
time to establish such a precedent. I cannot,
i therefore, go for the substitute of the gentleman
from Vermont, although I would very much like
to afford the relief which it proposes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Proforma, 1 oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire. I
believe I shall vote for this bill, because I con-
