454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
should I be much short of an idiot, much short
of a fool, if I were not to invite them away? The
loyal States of this nation are now engaged in a
contest for its very,existence. On the one side
we have arrayed the loyal old men, and middle-
aged-men, and young men of the country. On
the other side we have the rebel owners of slaves
arraying their young men and their slaves on the
other. There are some hundreds of thousands of
colored people native born on the soil on which
they live who will leave their rebel masters the
very moment they have an intimation that they
will receive the protection of the Constitution and
laws of the United States; and yet we insanely
continue this controversy, not permitting these
strong-armed men to aid us and save the lives of
our brothers and our sons.
But the Senator from Kentucky said that he
thought on this subject with horror when he re-
flected that massacies had occurrcd of white peo-
ple in some of the West Indialslands. Mr. Presi-
dent, oppressed people in every age, in asserting
their right to themselves, have committed acts of
'atrocity that civilized communities could never
justify. It is no more common to the African race
than to the Anglo-Saxon, or the Caucasian, of
whatever country. I will ask him, with his per-
fect knowledge of history, to compare the scenes
of carnage and blood enactcd there with those en-
acted butafewyeaissincein the streets of Paris—
the capital of one of the most enlightened and re-
fined nations that have existed, and which at this
time stands at the very head of the civilized nations
of the world.
The proposition which was made, to which I
was speaking, was a proposition to allow the com-
mander of this division of the Army to muster into
the service of the United States such Joyai per-
sons as might present themselves irrespective of
color. What does that imply ? That they shall
be organized, that they shall be officered, that they
shall be commanded, that they shall be controlled
by the laws of the United States and by I lie arti-
cles of war. 1 took some pnina to state on that
occasion that I would not advocate a proposition
to arm indiscriminately the mass of the servile pop-
ulation even in the rebel Stales; but that, if arms
were placed in their hands, they should be organ-
ized, disciplined, and placed under the ordinary
restraints of military rule.
1 have no ciiticism to make in relation to the
Senator's eulogium of the peaceable condition of
his own slaves, other than this: if they arc of the
character which he has described, and have been
ever ready to stand by him and their masters in
time of pestilence and danger; if that statement of
the character of his own slave household be cor-
rect, I dniw the conclusion that the alarm of the
Senator is totally without foundation. If they are
thus Christianized, aie thus enlightened, and will
stand by their masters through every kind of ca-
lamity that ran arise, what will be the danger of
placing them in an attitude not only to defend
themselves, but their masters and their country?
But, sir, all this eulogium of the character of the
houses and clothing of the slaves, if it weie a le-
gitimate'subject of discussion at this time, li take
it, might be said with equal truth of the Senator's
horses and cattle, and oxen and mules. 1 would
ask him if he treats his slaves as men? I would
ask him if ho treats the mas men possessing spirits
immortal that are to live parallel with hisown spn-
ltual existence, and if he gives them the means of
mental cultivation and of moral development; or
if it be not in his own State, with his sanction, a
penitentiary offense to teach these slaves to read
the Word of God. They are well housed, so are
his hoiHcs; they are well eloihcd,so would be his
cattle if necessary to their health and vigor; they
are tenderly treated, so is every other species of
jive property thatisunder his control. The ques-
tion, however, with me is not how this Christian
gentleman or the other may happen to treat those
over whom he may exercise absolute control, but
what is the system'* How may he with impunity
treat those human cattle, if he chose to treat them
with severity?
1 will venture here to throw in the remark, and
risk its b-ung successfully contradicted, that there
is not now in existence, and has not been in ex-
istence since the dawning of civilization, a system
of slavery so bad as the one now in existence in
the United States. There never has existed, and
docs not now exist, a system of human bondage
oh this whole earth so loathsome as the one that
now exists in the bosom of this Christian nation,
and I defy successful contradiction. I do not say
that Christian gentlemen may not, regardless of
the law and regardless of the system, treat their
slaves humanely. They do. I know they do.
I am proud to say that I know they do; but it is
a tribute to humanity and to the influence of Chris-
tianity on the minds of men, and not a tribute to
the system of slavery itself.
I unite very cordially with the Senator in his
expression of the hope that these collateral, out-
side questions may not be discussed, and that we
may unite harmoniously for the purpose of put-
ting down this rebellion; and I trust that he may
be willing, out of the abundance of his patriotism,
even to give his slaves to the cause of the Union
if it becomes necessary, and not be giving the
weight of his influence and of his talent, (which
is by no means small,) unintentionally on his part,
to the cause of the rebellion. If any speech de-
livered during this session of the Congress of the
United States shall see the light in the rebel States,
it will be the speech which the Senator from Ken-
tucky has just concluded; and thus has he, very
unintentionally on his part, neutralized much that
he has said of the policy and bearing of the Sen-
ator from Indiana during the earlier jjart of this
rebellion, which he has so severely criticized.
1 had intended, Mr. President, after making
these explanations, to say a few words in relation
to the legitimate subject of discussion before the
Senate; but, on account of the lateness of the
hour, I will not claim the further indulgence of
the Senate.
Mr. CLARK obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON". Will the Senator give way
for an executive session ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 23, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTINGENT FUND OP TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAICER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in response to the twentieth section of the act of
August 26, 1842, requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to transmit to Congress estimates show-
ing the manner of disbursement of the contingent
fund of the Treasury Department; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CERTAIN RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion in relation to certain railroads in the State of
Missouri.
Mr. HOLM AN. I have no ob jection to that
resolution if it be leferred to the committee on
Government contracts.
Mr. PRICE. 1 move that reference of the joint
resolution.
The joint resolution was introduced, read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
special committee on Government contracts.
M r. VALLAND1GI1AM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular older of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
NAVY APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reportedabill making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
fo the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
LIGHT-HOUSE INSPECTORS.
Mr. ELIOT. I am directed by the Committee
on Commerce to report to the House a bill pro-
viding for the appointment of light-house inspect-
ors, and to ask that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title. It authorizes the President to appoint any
person he may think duly qualified therefor to
serve as light-house inspector of any light-house
district on the coast of the United States; and pro-
vides that the person so appointed shall rcceive"
pay and emoluments at the same rate as his.pre-
decessor in such service was compensated, pro-
vided that this act shall be in force only during
the continuance of the present rebellion, and for
one year after it has terminated.
Mr. HOLM AN. Has that subjectbeen referred
to the Committee on Commerce ?
Mr. ELIOT. It has. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The hill was then passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL MONEY ORDER SYSTEM.
Mr. ELAKE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report a
bill to establish a postal money order system; and
to move that its consideration be postponed until
one week from Tuesday next.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and postponed as indicated.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act amending the provis-
ions of the second section of the act of January
24,1857, enforcing attendance of witnesses before
committees of either House of Congress; when
the Speaker signed the same.
FACILITATING JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on the Judiciary to report
back to the House, with a substitute, an act to
facilitate judicial proceedings in adjudication upon
captured property, and for the better administra-
tion of the law of prize, and to move that it be
recommitted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
WAR SUPPLIES FURNISHED BY TIIE STATES.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I am directed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to report back
House bill No. 228 authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to settle with the States for supplies
furnished their troops, with the recommendation
that it do pass with two amendments.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to settle and
adjust the claims and accounts of the several loyal
States against the United States, for advances
made and liabilities incurred for enrolling, sub-
sisting, clothing, arming, equipping, paying and
transporting their troops, employed in aiding to
suppress the present rebellion against the United
States, to be settled upon proper vouchers filed
with the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury; provided, however, that the certificate of the
Governor, secretary, auditor, and tieasurerof the
State, under the seal thereof, shall be admitted
and taken as sufllcientevidence of the advance and
payment, or liability incurred, for the purposes
aforesaid, and of the kind and quality and the
propriety and necessity of the supplies furnished;
and that the amount so ascertained to be due said
State, or States, be paid to the Governor thereof,
or ins duly authorized agent, out of any moneys
or funds appropriated for that purpose.
The amendments of the committee were read;
as follows:
First amendment:
Strike out the word '' sufficient," so that the bill shall
read:
Provided, however, That the certificate of the Governor,
secretaiy, auditor, ant! tieasurerof the State, under the seal
thereof, shall be admitted and taken as evidence of the
advance, &.c.
Second amendment:
At tho end of the hill add :
Provided, further. That the Treasury Department may
take such evidence in the premises as the Department may
deem proper.
