1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
sage of this act, or which originates in or by viitiie of any
trans-for ho re to fore made, or winch slmli hereaftoi he made,,
by any person who has in any manner aided 01 sustained
the rebellion against the Government of the Untied States.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator pardon me?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I want to call the Senator's at-
tention to that very provision, because, that in my
judgment is a very defective one. The Senator
says it provides exactly for the case. 1 ask him
if it provides for the case of a person who is dis-
loyal in this District but has owned a slave all the
life of that slave, and inherited him. It only pro-
vides for a case of transfer; it does not provide for
any other case but one of transfer.
Mr. MORRILL. That is precisely the case it
does provide for.
Mr. CLARK. I know it is.
Mr. MORRILL. The first part of the section
provides, as I have already stated, that the loyalty
of every claimant shall not only be alleged by the
presentation of the petition under oath, but it is
made a subject-matter of investigation upon which
the commissioners are to pass. The claimant is
to be found to be loyal to the Government. I sub-
mit, therefore, that the honorable Senator's substi-
tute provides nothing new. It repeats in that par-
ticular what is already provided for m this bill,
and I submit that it is as thoroughly provided for
as it is capable of being, provided the commis-
sioners perfotm their duty aright.
The next objection which is brought against this
bill is that it does not provide for the care and cus-
tody of infant children discharged from service
under its provisions; and we are told that this bill
will be very likely to discharge infants; and that
they will be turned out upon the world as free,
without being put into the charge or custody of
any particular person whose duty it shall be to
care for them. In my investigations, one fact has
been most obvious, and that is that almost all the
infants—I believe in every instance, without an
exception—had mothers, though it is a little ques-
tionable about their fathers. To relieve the solici-
tude of the honorable Senator on that subject, I
can assure him that if you confer on the black pop-
ulation of this District the boon of freedom, give
them their rights; they ask no favors of you; they
do not ask your charity; they do not ask you to
assign guardians; they do not ask you to find per-
sons to take charge of them. Sir, there is no class
in this District who care for themselves and for
each other as the colored population do; and pre-
cisely on this point allow me to say that they arc
the only self-sustaining and self-supporting class
in this District; the only class who ask no favors
and no favors. This charity is all mistaken
and all misdirected. Just take your feet off these
people, let them up, give them their rights, and
my word for it they will take care of themselves
without your appointing guardians for the infants
or the old. All these infants are cared for in sla-
very; they have mothers, next friends, relatives;
and when they are freed, those who have caic of
them have the capability, in addition to the incli-
nation, to take care of them. This bill, when it
frees the mothers and fathers and friends of these
children, gives them the opportunity which they ;
have not had; that is all. That provision which j
the Senator would make, in my judgment, de- I
grades the measure; it is a confession which I would {
not see made in the legislation of Congress. It is j
a provision which the condition of the colored j
population in this District, and their capacity to 1
sustain themselves, does not require. Give these
people their rights simply to take care of them- !
selves, and they have the capacity to do it; and j
that is the answer to that provision of the Sen- ;
ator's bill. There need be no new undue solici- j
tude on that subject. _ !
The next provision of his bill, which the Sen- ;
ator claims to be superior to the bill reported from j
the committee, is that which graduates the com-
pensation for infants under the age of ten years, 1
£150, and for infants or old children over the age j
of .sixty years the same sum. Now, what is the ;
icason of such a provision as that, and how does ;
such a provision as that commend itself to the i
judgment of the Senate in preference to that pro- !
vision which says to the commissioners,"appraise
these people without regard to age, precisely at
their valuer" Is it anything better than that?
According to the figures I have made on this sub-
ject, the facts will turn out to be about these!
There are not to-dny over fifteen hundred slaves
in this District; they are disappearing daiiy, and
before this bill takes effect all the most valuable
slaves will have left the District. Of this number,
at least one fourth are under ten years of age;
about one eighth are over sixty. What are they
worth? How has the Senator from New Hamp-
shire ascertained that their fair value is $150?
What is there in the discussion here that indicates
that that is a fair sum for these persons? My
judgment is that in regard to those who are over
sixty, they are worth nothing; I mean on the aver-
age . There arc persons, undoubtedly, who would
be an exception, but as a general proposition,
these persons over sixty are worth nothing. No
provision need be made in regard to them. You
may safely trust the men who will be appointed
by the President on this commission to say what
would be a fair compensation to owners for per-
sons over sixty years. That would depend on
constitution, capacity, &c., which they can con-
sider; but how can we say that that class of per-
sons over sixty arc worth $150 ? It occurs to me
that any standard of that sort is entirely arbitrary;
and 1 very much prefer the provision of the bill
which leaves it entirely to the judgment of the
commissioners to investigate in each case.
Then in regard to infants, those of tender years,
how is the child in the mother's arms to be ap-
praised ? .Tust as in the judgment of the commis-
sioners it ought to be appiaised.
I do not therefore pcrceive in any of these par-
ticulars to which the honorable Senator has alluded
any superiority, so far as the safety of the public
is concerned, or so faras the safety of the individual
slave is concerned, which influences me to yield
the preference to his bill. Hence, after great con-
sideration that I know has been given to this bill,
the great interest that has been taken in it, and
the attempt to perfect it in all possible ways that
could be suggested by friends inside and outside,
I am constiamcd to appeal to the Senate to prefer
the bill as reported by the committee to the sub-
stitute proposed by the Senator from N ew Hamp-
shire. With these remarks, I submit the matter
to the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I do not doubt that the honor-
able Senator from Maine, personally, has given
great attention to this bill; I do not doubt that the
the Committee on the District of Columbia has
well considered it. 'Still I think the Senator will
pardon me if I say that the bill may, perhaps, be
amended in the judgment of some people; that it
may not be the best bill that could be perfected.
I dare say it may be better than the bill I have
offered as a substitute; but I desire to bringmy
bill before the Senate that the Senate may have
an opportunity of deciding whether or not some
of the provisions I have proposed may not well
enough be put into this bill.
In regard to the court, the Court of Claims will
secure all the objects aimed at by the honorable
Senator from Maine and by the committee. It is
a court that has abundance of time for trying these
questions. It is a court accustomed to weighing
testimony. It is a court accustomed to the affairs
of this District. More than that, it is a court ac-
customed to keep a record, and it is of very great
importance in regard to identity and thequestions
that will grow out of the abolition of slavery in
the District that the records should be kept, and
kept safely. Very important questions may arise
as to the freedom of persons; and the couit have
a place for keeping a record and will keep a record.
1 provide that they shall keep a record of their
proceedings. If you have commissioners, where
will the records go ? They are taken here and
there; they have no particular place of doing busi-
ness, and for keeping their records. What be-
comes of these records ? By and by it is important
that there should be a record. As to the sugges-
tion of the Senator that the thing should be closed
up at once without appeal, it is closed as early in
the Court of Claims and without any appeal.
Theie is no appeal fiom their judgment; the judg-
ment is made final and conclusive, exactly as it is
made by his bill. The bill I have offered requires
the statements of the petition to be much more
particular and much more numerous; as, for in-
stance, the petitioner must state the title to his
slave, he must state when and how he acquired
: the title, so that you can see whether he has been
j brought into this District from outside within
! the last month or two. All the particulars in
regard to it must be stated, so that the court can
judge.
I wish to make one remark to the honorable
Senator in regard to these children. I have no
doubt he has given some attention to it; but my
attention was brought to the want of this provis-
ion by a suggestion made by the Superintendent
of the Census in regard to the defect in the bill in
that particular. I can go and point him out an
instance, I think, in this District, of a little slave
girl four years of age. She has neither father nor
mother in the District, or anywhere about, nor
brother, or sister, or any relative. She has no-
body in the world to depend upon or look to but
her mistress. You set her free. What is to be
done with her? The mistress says, perhaps, "I
will not keep her," and where is she to go? She
is houseless, homeless. She may find friends
among her black acquaintances; somebody may
take care of her. My bill only provides for the
condition of those who have nobody to look after
them. If they have next of kin, if they have rel-
atives to take care of them, then no guardian is
to be appointed; but if there are cases like the one
I suggest, where there is nobody to look after
them, this provides somebody for them. I agree
with the Senator that if you take off your hand
from these people they will rejoice; it is all, per-
haps, that many of them will want; it will be the
greatest boon ever conferred upon them; but still
there may be people so abject, and so forsaken,
and so forlorn that they will need the aid of some-
body else. There are white and free people that
require the very aid we seek to provide for these
black people, it certainly does no harm to make
the provision. It does not degrade the bill to say
that if there be any poor child so friendless that
there is nobody in the world to care for it, the
Mayor of Washington may care for it, or the
Mayor of Georgetow n may care for it, or the levy
court may care for it, until it is eighteen years of
age. Is that degradation ? It seeks to lift up these
people, and to put them in the way of acquiringa
livelihood, instead of permitting them to be trod-
den down. It not only says to them <c you are
free," but it reaches out the hand of aid and charity
to put them in places and give them that instruc-
tion which shall enable them to maintain them-
selves in life.
Now, in regard to the provision for old men, I
admit that the price of $150 is arbitrary; but let
me say to the Senator from Maine that his price
of $300 is entirely arbitrary. He judges that to
be sufficient. I judge the other sum to be suffi-
cient. 1 understand the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] to say it is too much—$150 is,
perhaps, too much as a fixed price for a slave over
that age. I have, it is true, fixed it liberally, be-
cause it is to support the slave; it is to be set aside
for him, and I think all will agree with me that the
fund of $150 is not too much to take care of per-
sons sixty or seventy years of age. It is not too
much in that aspect of it, but it may be perhaps
more than the slave is worth. However, when
these people have been used their life long in the
service of another, it seems to me at least to be
enlightened charity to provide this much for their
support when they arc to be set free. That was
my desire in regard to it, that there might be some
little fund to support these poople.
Mr. WILLEY. I submitted an amendment the
other day, and 1 wish to make an inquiry of the
Chair as to whether this is the proper time to of-
fer it. If the amendment of the Senator from New"
Hampshire should prevail, would it then be in
order to offer my amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the substi-
tute offered by the Senator from NewHampshire
shall be adopted, it will not be open to further
amendment in Committee of the Whole, but when
the bill shall have been reported to the Senate the
question will lecur again, and it will be open to
further amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. Is it in order to offer it now
as an amendment to the substitute?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Now is the
proper time to offer amendments either to the sub-
stitute, or to the original bill, by way of perfection.
Mr. WILLEY. I then offer my amendment
as an amendment to the substitute, preferringitto
the original bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:-
Insert as an additional section :
Sec. -find be it further enacted, That before this
