1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the
Committee on the Judiciary deemed it proper to
report this bill to the House for the purpose of
facilitating the adjustment and settlement of the
accounts of the several States for supplies fur-
nished to their troops. Advances were made in
many instances, when it was necessary, to send
troops into the field from the several States, and
when there had been no means provided for their
subsistence, their arming, and clothing by the
United States.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Has this bill been printed?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It has not. I
will state its provisions, and when the House un-
derstands them, I think that there will not be a
single dissenting voice to the passage of the bill.
It is not as favorable a bill to the States as I think
ought to be passed.
Mr. Speaker, the House well knows that at the
beginning of this great struggle the States were
called upon to furnish troops. The rebellion found
the Government without an adequate army, with-
out arms and other munitions of war. It became
necessary, therefore, to call upon the States,
through their State organizations, to raise and
equip an army. Under a pressing and absolute
necessity, the War Department kfsued a circular
to the States, under the law of Congress, to organ-
ize their troops into regiments, and to send them
into the field. It became necessary to provision
those men, to clothe, and to arm them. In many
instances it was utterly impossible to provide m u-
nitions of war under the strict regulations of the
War Department. There was a pressing neces-
sity, and without that provision havingbeen made
by the States, an army would not have been
raised. It is proper, therefore, that this adjust-
ment should be made by the Government, and we
have provided in this bill, in order to facilitate it,
first, that State officers' certificates shall be evi-
dence as to the actual expenditures of the States;
in the second place that they shall be evidence
of the kind and quality of supplies furnished;
and in the third place that they shall be evidence
of the necessity of furnishing that land and class
of supplies. That is all for which they shall be
evidence. The provision of the amendment is
that they should be only prima facie evidence, and
that the Department may require any other evi-
dence that may be necessary, leaving the ques-
tion of the value or price of the supplies entirely
open between the States and the General Govern-
ment. The certificates of which I speak are no
evidence of anything but the payment of money
by the States. It is not evidence of the priccthat
the Government is to pay the States. It is no
evidence of the actual receipt of the supplies.
Those two points are left open for proof to be
made before the accounting officer of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I do not wish to throwany
obstacles in the way of the passage of this bill. I
have confidence in the Committee on the Judiciary.
But, sir, this is an important bill, and I suggest
to my friend that he permit it to be postponed to
some future day, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The bill is short,
and is like the bill passed at the last session of
Congress, except in the character of the evidence
required.
At the last special session a law was passed re-
quiring the Secretary to settle with the States upon
vouchers such as I have indicated in this bill. The
Secretary of the Treasury has construed that law
to have reference only to supplies which were
furnished before its passage. Hence the necessity
of this bill, and I think the necessity of the pro-
vision that the vouchers of the State governments
should be evidence of the facts that I have stated
jn this bill that they shall be evidence of.
I wish to say further that, 111 this matter, it
seems to be just to the States that the State gov-
ernments being called upon through their State |
organizations to furnish these arms and supplies j
for the Army, should not be held to the same strict !
accountability and strict manner of adjustment
that indhidualsare held to when they contract to
furnish the Government with supplies. In the case
of individuals they contract for the profits which
they hope to make. In the case of a State it makes
advances, but does not contract at all. It makes
advances for the benefit of the Government itself,
and for no benefit to the State itself, only as it is
a part of the confederacy of States. Therefore,
in reference to supplies and equipments furnished
by the States, it seems that the evidence indicated
in the provisions of the bill should be deemed suf-
ficient evidence of the fact of tfteir having paid the
money, of the kind, and of the necessity of the kind
of supplies. And even that is so guarded in this bill
that the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized
to call for additional proof of payment of money,
of the kind of supplies, and of the necessity of the
kinds of supplies. The certificates are only made
prima facie evidence, and yet, in my judgment,
the bill, if passed, will facilitate the settlement and
adjustment of claims held by States against the
General Governmentforsupplieswhich have been
furnished.
If no gentleman desires to make any further
inquiries, I will call the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make some re-
marks in reference to the provisions of the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will retain the
floor and hear the gentleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a statement
in regard to the proposed amendments directed by
the Judiciary Committee to be reported to the
House. The amendments have been read from
the Clerk's desk, and consist of two parts; one to
strike out the word "sufficient" before the word
"evidence," and the other to append a further pro-
viso authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury, at
his discretion, to take additional evidence in the
premises. The object of this proviso'and of the
amendment is to provide for the payment of those
debts which may justly be owing by the Govern-
ment of the United States to the several States for
advances, in the words of the bill, which the States
have made.
Mr. WIOKL1FFE. I rise to call the attention
of the gentleman to the language of the bill. The
language is not, if I heard it aright, that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may require additional evi-
dence, but that ho may take it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The language of the proviso
is:
Jbul provided further t That the Treasury Department may
take such further evidence in the premises as (he Depait-
nient may deem proper.
Mr.WICKLIFFE. "Mayrequircfurtherevi-
dence," I think is better language.
Mr. BINGHAM. The object of the proviso
is simply to give the Secretary a discretion. The
proviso contemplates simply vesting the Treasury
Department with discretion to take further evidence
in the premises. It does not icquire the States to
do it at all, and I think when the gentleman from
Kentucky looks at the proviso, he will be satisfied
with it as it stands.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The objection I take to
the language is that under it the Department never
will take further evidence. It should be author-
ized to require further evidence.
Mr. BINGHAM. I prefer the language as it
stands, and I desire to show to the House that
these are reasonable and very proper amendments
to this bill. As the bill now stands, the Treasury
Department would be required, unless the first
amendment indicated by the Judiciary Committee
be sustained, to audit and allow the claims upon
presentation of the vouchers of the States, no mat-
ter what frauds may have been practiced upon
them. I differ with my colleague upon the Ju-
diciary Committee [Mr. Kellogg] in reference
to the scope of this bill, in the words in which it
was originally referred to the committee. In case
the first amendment is rejected, and the proviso
is also rejected, I say that upon the presentation
of the vouchers, the Treasury Department would
be required to audit and allow a claim, no matter
whether it is right or wrong. 1 do not think that
theStates should be favored mote than private citi-
zens. I do not agree with my colleague [Mr. Kel-
logg] that the claims of private citizens against
the Government of the United States originate in
hope of gam. 1 do not agree that all claims against
the Government of the United States m favor of
private citizens originate in the hope of profit to
the individuals.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether in reality the effect of the amend-
ment, although it is a very fair restriction upon
the provisions of the bill, is nottoplace the States
upon a much fairer footing than individual citizens?
When ail individual citizen presents a claim he is
required to present, the proofs upon which he relies.
Here you require, if any additional testimonyis re-
quired beyond that furnished by (lie officers of the
State, that the Government itself shall furnish that
testimony, and not the party asserting the claim.
Mr. BINGHAM. The suggestion is well made,
and I was going to make that remark myself,
though not just at this point. I wish to call the
attention of the House to the mistaken view which
my colleague upon the Judiciary Committee has
taken of this matter. I say I would not adopt
one rule, as a general thing, for private claims
against the Government of the United States, aris-
ing out of this unfortunate war, or out of any
otherunfortunate condition of public affairs which
may from time to time arise, and another provis-
, ion in regard to States much more favorable to
them. I say the States have acted patriotically
in this matter, and ought not to be delayed a sin-
gle moment in having their money refunded; but
I contend that the House should not surrender
the power to make due inquiry touching the evi-
dence upon which claims rest, whether they are
presented by States or by individuals. There is
a class of claims accruing every day, arising out
of this unfortunate rebellion, by private citizens
against the Government of the United States; and
how do you propose to deal with them? You
order a commission. A bill is now pending in the ,
other branch of the Capitol appointing a commis-
sion to inquire into the damages and to take evi-
dence in the premises, such as may be necessary
to inform the commission of the just rights of the
citizens. This is needful to protect the Govern- „
ment upon the one hand, as well as to do justice
to the citizens upon the other.
These private claims to which I refer are not
claims which originate in hope of gain, or in the
voluntary acts of the citizens. They are claims
which originate in his behalf and without his con-
sent. They arise from taking private property,
houses, and lands for the purpose of the encamp-
ments of your armies. They arise from break-
ing up the soil, and the destruction of property
generally. There is no hope of gain in the prem-
ises, and yet the only way in which such claims
can be sustained is upon the production of such
evidence as the Government may require to be
produced and authorize to be taken. 'And I pro-
pose to apply that rule to these State claims to the
extent proposed by the Judiciary Committee, ex-
cept, as my friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
has justly suggested, that the States shall not be
required to furnish any additional evidence. If
the proviso is adopted it will provide that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may, in his discretion, act-
ing upon evidence furnished by the State, audit
the claim and allow its payment; or if, upon the
other hand, the Secretary of the Treasury may
have reason to believe that the claim requires fur-
ther investigation, it imposes upon him, by the
terms of the proviso, the duty, in the exercise of
his discretion, of making that further investiga-
tion. No one ought to object to that, because it
can hurt neither the'State nor the citizen.
Mr. HOLMAN. The question I put is, whether
the States ought not to be required to furnish this
evidence themselves ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no; I do not think they
ought; because in the absence of any suspicion
arising against a claim, when it comes authenti-
cated by the great seal of a State, I think we ought
to leave discretion to the Secretary to allow-it.
But a claim may be so enormous that he ought to
be at liberty to call in additional evidence. Now,
I do not intend to intimate that there is any such
claim against the Government from the State
which my colleague on the Committee on the Ju-
diciary represents.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from Ohio has stated that it is the pur-
pose of this bill to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and pay every account, as I un-
derstand it, of every description and nature what-
ever wlueh may be presented by State authorities
for en rolling, subsisting, clothing, supplying, rais-
ing, equipping, paying, and transporting troops
now in the Army or winch have at any time here-
tofore been m the Army. Now, I wish to ask the
gentleman whether it is the intention of this bill
to reach those claims which have been rejected
by the Secretary of the Treasury ? Whether byal-
lowing these claims to come in under a lower kind
ofevidence of their validity, claims will be reached
which have been rejected?
Mr. RINGHAM. f will answer the gentle-
