2438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
made a private communication to the committee
in favor of the purchase of these buildings for hos-
pital purposes. He believed that the price pro-
posed to be paid for these buildings was very low.
He belie v .-d that they were good buildings, and
suitable for hospital purposes; and he therefore
recommended that an appropriation should be
made by Congress like that which is now before
the House. I can also state that the surgeon now
in attendance at the Douglas hospital reports that
these buildings are very suitable for the purposes
for which they are now used.
Mr. DUNN. It has been so long since this bill
was before the committee, that I had forgotten
many of the circumstances attending its consider-
ation. I recollect the fact very well, referred to
by the gentleman from Illinois. I know that the
impression of the committee was that the prop-
erty was cheap, and that that was an inducement
with them to recommend the adoption of the bill
to the House. It seems to me, however, that the
bill is not properly drawn up. It provides that
$75,000 shall be paid for these buildings, instead
of providing that not more than $75,000 shall be
paid for them, so as to leave the Government the
opportunity to get them as cheap as it can.
Mr. RICHARDSON. An amendment lias al-
ready been made and adopted to cure that defect
in the bill.
Mr. DUNN. I do not think the amendment
will change it in that respect. I think the bill
ought further to be amended, and at the proper
time I will move an amendment authorizing the
Secretary of War, if in his judgment compatible
with the public interests, to purchase this prop-
erty at a sum not exceeding $75,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to say a word to my
colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] in reference to his
amendment. It seems to me that it does not ex-
actly comport with the dignity of Congress, after
admitting the necessity for the purchase of this
pioperty to begin cheapening it. I say, if the
Government wants these buildings—if they are
necessary for hospital purposes—let us pay for
them what they are worth. Do not let us say that
we do not want this property—that it is inconve-
nient and unnecessary—yet that wo will give so
much for it. It is a species of chaffering, which,
as one member of this House, I am unwilling to
enter into.
I am disposed to favor the suggestion made by
the gentleman fiom Indiana I want to sec some
amendment adopted for the puipose of ascertain-
ing, before we purchase this property, its value
and all about, it. But, I do not believe that the
Secretary of War is the pioper person to whom
that matter ought to be referred. Let the medical
department of the Army report to ns upon the ex-
isting necessity for the purchase of these build-
ings, or let the whole subject be referied to a
board of competent officers, to report all (he facts
to us for our consideration and action I do not
conceive that the Secretary of War is a reliable
judge of the value of property in Washington
city. Let compi-ient parlies, who own property
here, and who know what these buildings are
worth, report to us what is the proper price to be
paid for them. That provision ought to be in ihe
bill, and I understand from the gentleman from
Indiana, that when the committee authorized the
reporting of the bill, it was their intention that it
should contain some provision for ascertaining
the value of this property before the purchase
was consummated by the Government. I am
willing to abide by the decision of competent par-
ties in reference to the value of the property, and
I think that this House would be willing to abide
by it. That will relieve the bill of all difficulty,
for then we will have the question of the suitable-
ness of these buildings for hospital purposes, and
the question of their value settled bv competent
parties.
Mr, HORTON. I move to reduce the amount
$1,000. I wish to say a word on this subject, in
order to prevent the impression made on the com-
mittee by the reply of the gentleman from Illi-
nois to the interrogatory of the gentleman from
Vermont. I understood the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] to say that the Surgeon
General oi the Army, at a certain time, approved
of the purchase of this property for a hospital,
and that afterwards he was placed under arrest.
I wish merely to say that I have good authority
for belie vuig that the present Surgeon General of
the Army does not approve of this purchase, and
that he is of the opinion that these buildings are
not adapted for hospital purposes; and further,
that he is of the opinion that it would cost more
to put them in a comfortable condition than to
build a new hospital. I am, therefore, willing that
this matter shall be postponed until we can learn
from the medical department of the Government,
in some official shape, whether these buildings
are necessary for hospital purposes, and whether
they are as cheap as the construction of a new
hospital.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Either the gentleman
misapprehends what I said, or I misapprehend
what lie has said. I said that the Surgeon Gen-
eral of the Army—Surgeon General Finley—had
made a report to the committee in favor of the
purchase of this property for hospital purposes;
and I also stated that he was subsequently put
under arrest. I do not know whet the opinion of
the present Surgeon General is; but I do know
that the surgeon in charge of the hospital—I do
not know what his name is—is in favor of the
purchase of this property.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Can the gentleman inform
me whether this is to be a military hospital, or
only a hospital for the benefit of this city?
Mr. HORTON. I have been under the belief
that these buildings are to be purchased for a mil-
itary hospital, and I have no knowledge in refer-
ence to any hospital for the city of Washington.
I only rose for the purpose of correcting the im-
pression which the committee seemed to have
received from the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, that the present Surgeon General of the
A rmy was in favor of this purchase on the ground
that he believed they were suitable for hospital
purposes. .>
Mr, TRIMBLE, Let me ask the gentleman
another question: is this purchase intended to
meet the present wants of the Government, or is
it intended for the establishment of a permanent
hospital ?
Mr HORTON. I have no knowledge of the
ultetior object of this purchase, but I am under
the belief that it is for present purposes.
Mr. TRIMBLE. With the little information
which we have on this subject, I appeal to the
House whether itwould not be better to postpone
this question.
Mr. HORTON. In my own judgment, I think
it is necessary that it should be postponed or de-
feated, for either will suit me. 1 would like to
know, so far as it is possible, the wews of the
medical department of the Government on this
subject. I have no doubt the gentleman from
Illinois stated correctly the opinion of the surgeon
in chaige of the hospital at tins time; but the fact
tlmi that surgeon approved of this purchase would
not go a great way, for he, of course, would not
know what were the objects and purposes of the
Government in reference to the establishment of
these hospitals.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It was purely accidental
that I ascertained his views on the subject. In a
conversation between him and myself, he stated
that the building was suitable for hospital pur-
poses.
Mr. WEBSTER. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, and it may be
that 1 do not exactly compiehend its provisions.
Mr. STEVENS. It is simply a proposition to
purchase the property of the late Judge Douglas,
and to pay $20,000 for it.
Mr. WEBSTER. Without regard to the other
two houses ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WEBSTER. I think that would be mani-
festly unjust. Here is a solid block of buildings, 1
and to buy one building m the block, and make *
it a hospital for contagious diseases, is a gross |
wrong to the owneis of the other two buildings, j
Mr. STEVENS. As the committee seem to '
be unwilling that we shall purchase any of these I
buildings, 1 withdraw my substitute; and I move I
that the committee rise and repoit the bill to the j
House with the recommendation that it do not1
pass. |
Mr. COX. The gentleman cannot move to rise ;
and report the bill so long as there is an amend- 1
ment pending. I move the same substitute for the !
bill as that just withdrawn by the gentleman from !
Pennsylvania, with the difference of an increase !
in the amount to $25,000. j
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to move an
amendment when amotion is pending to rise and
report the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to rise and
report the bill is not in order so long as there are
any amendments to offer.
Mr. LOVEJOY, Then I modify my motion
so as to move that the committee rise.
Mr. COX. That is not in order while I have
the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois had the floor to move that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House. Now the gentle-
man modifies that motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I contend that the gen-
tleman has no right to change his motion so as to
make it in order. His proposition was out of
order.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. The gen-
tleman made a motion which was ruled out of
order. I obtained the floor, and then he proposed
to modify his motion. That he cannot do.
The CHAIRMAN. Tbegentlemao from Ohio,
having been recognized by the Chair before the
gentleman from Illinois modified his motion, is
entitled to the floor.
Mi. COX. I move the same amendment which
was withdiawn by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, simply changing the sura to $25,000.
It has already been stated here by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr.'Richardson-,] that this prop-
erty, belonging to the Douglas estate, cost $34,000.
1 understand that they ate willing to take $25,000
for it, and have so offered it. Now, I do not think
we had better higgle about this $25,000 with the es-
tate. I hope the House will vote it. I see no ob-
jection such as the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Webster] urged against buying this properly sep-
arate and apait from the other. These hospitals
are frequently located in the midst of cities, next
to all sorts of buildings. This is one of the risks
which all men run when they build. There is no
contagious disease in this hospital—not now, at
least—and it is not intended to put invalids with
contagious diseases in it. There are other places
to be reserved for such patients. I hope the com-
mittee will vote in the substitute.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. It seems to me that it must be
perfectly obvious to every member that, to take
that house, disconnected fiom the others, would
be unjust. The house, as a hospital, would be
a nuisance to the two adjoining buildings. I do
not see why we should take the building at all.
I have listened to the remarks which have been
made, and we are told that the Government has
made no recommendation to Congress to purchase
this building as a hospital. The gentleman upon
my right [Mr. Horton] says the Surgeon Gen-
eral says the building is not suitable for a hos-
pital. And if we are to have a hospital, why not
adveitise, and contract to build one? Why not
take such steps as would ordinarily be taken m
order that the Government may reach its object?
Sir, 1 know the House must be weary of this
discussion, and I only rose to say that, for one,
I could not consent to vote for the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say a single
word, and to do so, I move to increase the amount
one dollar. You have the evidence before this
House that the medical department regard thatas
a suitable place for a hospital; otherwise they
would not have selected it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would inquire whether
there might not have been other places more suit-
able; but they could nofc select another place at
the time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The medical depart-
ment had the range of the city of Washington, and
they selected these buildings. They were sur-
rendered in the first place by Judge Douglas him-
self. The department selected the buildings as
the best here for a hospital. They were the best
existing buildings in the city. The evidence of
that you have before you.
So far as the statement of the gentleman from
Ohio, in reference to the opinion of the Surgeon
General, is concerned, I know nothing. I have
taken for my guide the action of the Government
at the time when they were acting in reference to
this matter. 1 found the Government had selected
these buildings. The then Surgeon General was
in favor of it. And I have stated, and I slate
again, that you cannot, notwithstanding the state-"
