1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2439
ment of tin; gentleman from Vermont, build a
luilding which will afford the same accommoda-
tion for the same money.
Another thing. There are in the rear of this
building', upon the other end of the lot, large brick
stables. They were so constructed as to allow of
persons living over them. An expense of $10,000
will enable the buildings to accommodate six hun-
dred patients, and when you have done that you
accommodate as many patients as are accommo-
dated in any hospital with which I am familiar.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. Chairman, 1 move that the committee rise
for the purpose of terminating this debate, so that
wc may have an opportunity to vote upon this
proposition, and either defeat or pass the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. McPherson reported that
the Committee of (he Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 465, for the purchase of a hospi-
tal building in the District oi Columbia, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Air. RICHARDSON. I move that all debate
upon the bill of the House No. 465, be terminated
in one second after the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union resumes its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is in order, I
move that the Committee of the Whole be dis-
charged from the further consideration of that bill.
Mr. COX. I raise a point of order on that.
Mr. RtCHARDSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of testing
the sense of the House upon this subject, I move
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Will is still in com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My motion was a priv-
ileged one.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn takes
pieccdence.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Riciiardsov was agreed to.
So the rul^s were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly tesolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of tlie Union, (Mr. McPher-
son in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 465, to purchase a hospital in
the city of Washington, on which all debate was
closed.
The pending question being on the substitute
oileted by Mr. Cox, it was put, and the substitute
was not agiecd tf>.
Mr. DELANO. 1 move that the committee rise
and report the hill to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend that motion
by inserting the word "not" before the word
(< pass."
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Kf.llogg, of
Illinois, having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. McPherson reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House biil No.
405, for the purchase of a hospital building in the
District of Columbia, and had directed him to re-
port the same to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
Mr. DELANO. I do not desire to occupy the
time of the House except to make a statement in
reference to the future business relating to the
District of Columbia, so that the House may act
understandingly.
It will of course occupy hut little time to dispose
of the question before the House. I do not desire
to ask that the House shall go into the Committee
of the. Whole again for any extended debate, but
Idodesire to remind the House that we have been
in committee under an arrangement which was
made some two weeks ago, agreed to by the
House for the purpose of disposing of the busi-
ness which then remained in committee pertaining
to the District of Columbia. We are now about to
dispose of a single bill, and it is now four o'clock.
I do not wish to ask the House again to go into
commitee for the purpose of taking up another new
bill, but I wish to state to them that there is but a
single bill more to which their attention will be
called extendedly in the Committee of the Whole.
After the present bill shall have been disposed of
in the House, I shall ask the House to go into
committee for the purpose of taking up the only
remaining bill pending in committee. I am en-
tirely content with the understanding of the
House, that wc shall adjourn after having dis-
posed of the pending bill, but I also ask that the
House, mindful of their good faith, shall make the
next bill the special order when we again go into
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. In order to facilitate this
matter, I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated the question
to be upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a question of order.
Is not the question on agreeing to the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is only a
recommendation. The Chair has stated the ques-
tion in the regular order of procedure.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to order the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved a recon-
sideration of the vote just taken; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO. I move now to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and I state in advance that it is for the purpose
of taking up House bill No. 470.
Mr. TRAIN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes after four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jtfuy 30, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the j9th instant, in-
formation in relation to persons who have been
arrested in the southern district of New York,
from the 1st day of May, 1852, to the 1st day of
May, 1862, charged with being engaged in the
slave trade; also the names and number of vessels
arrested and boarded within the said periods,
charged as before named; which was ordered to
lie on the tabic,and be printed.
LAND OFFICE IN COLORADO.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 272) to establish a land
office in Colorado Territory. The amendments
weie, m pagel, line three, after the word " lands,"
insert " belonging to the United States;" in the
same page, lines four and five, to strike out
" within the Territory of Colorado;" in the same
page, to strike out from the word st before," in
line fifteen, to the words " United States," in line
seventeen, inclusive, and to insert " within twelve
months from the filing of such notice;" in the
same page, line five, section two, strike out" Den-
ver," and insert " Colorado;" and at the end of
the bill inseit;
«ind he it further en acted, That ail act entitled kC An aft to
graduate tin; price of the public lands to actual settlers and
cultivator*,*' be aad the same i- hereby repealed.
It is also proposed to amend the title of the bill
by adding thereto " and for other purposes."
The amendments were concurred in; and the
bill as amended read, as follows:
A bill to establish a land office in Coiorado Territory.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Statesof Jimericain Congress assembled, 1 hat
ail the lands belonging to the United States to which the
Indian title has been or shall be extinguished shall he sub-
ject lo the operations of the preemption act ofthe 4tU of
September, 184 i, and under the conditions, restrictions, and
stipulations theieiii mentioned: Provided, hotvever, That
when unsurveyed lands are claimed by preemption, notice
of the specific tract-* claimed shall be filed within six months
after the survey has been made in the field; and on failure
to file such notice, or to pay for tno tract claimed within
twelve months from the filin? of such notice, the parties
claiming such lands shall forfeit all right thereto, provided
said notices may be filed with the suiveyor general, and to
be noted by him on the township plat*, until other arrange-
ments have been made by law for that purpose.
Sec. 2. wsml be it further enacted, That the public lands
within the Territory of Colorado to which the. Indian title «
is or shall be extinguished s-hall constitute a new land dis-
trict, to be called the Colorado district; and the President
is hereby authorised to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a registerand receiver of public
moneys for said district, who shall be required to reside at
the place at which said office shall be located, and they
shall have the same power*, perform the same duties, and
be entitled to the same compensation as are or may be pre-
scribed by law in relation to land offices of the United
States in the State of Kansas.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That an act entitled
" An act to graduate the price of the public lands to actual
settlers and cultivators," be and the same is hereby re-
pealed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of James
F. Simmons, praying compensation for loss sus-
tained by the illegal seizure of a vessel and cargo
belonging to him, by Commander Worden, of the
United States steamer Stars and Stripes; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I present
the petition of Maria Diggs,of Washington, who
represents that she belongs to Robert C. Brooke,
of this city; that he has hired her out in the State
of Maryland for some years; that she has had
free access to come back and forth to his home;
and that he has made out a statement to the com-
missioners of the slaves he owns, but has not in-
cluded her name. She petitions Congress for some
declaratory legislation on that subject. 1 do not
know what disposition to make of it. I will sim-
ply say, that there is a rumor, which seems to me
very strange if true, that there is some doubt about
these commissioners deciding that slaves owned
by persons in the District and hired out by them
to persons outside of the District are made free by
the act. I supposed, when we passed the act, a
slave owned in the District, and, by the master's
conscnt, hired out of it, would be free, because
the residence of the master is the residence of the
slave. 1 present the petition, and move that it lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented
the petition of Phebe Griffin, praying the discharge
of her son, William Griffin, from the penitentiary,
where he is confined under an alleged illegal sen-
tence by a court-martial; which was refcrfed to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of
George L. Stockett, praying compensation for a
slave taken beyond the limits of the State of Ma-
ryland, in Apiil last, by the troops of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Mifitia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 294) for the
better organization of the Adjutant General's de-
partment, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the report of
the Court of Claims on the claim of George Mc-
Dougall, reported a joint resolution (S. No. 87)
in relation to the claim of George McDougall;
which was read,and passed to a third reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
73) supplementary to the act entitled " An act to
authorize protection to be given to citizens of the
United States, who may discover deposits of
guano," approved August Id, 1856, reported it
adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 275) to increase the
compensation of surveyors of customs at Albany
and Troy, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendment.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
144) to punish frauds on the Treasury of the
