had been suspended for that purpose. • It. cp\i)d
not, therefore, have been action upon the resolu-,
tion,,becaase the resolution was .not before the
House. The Chair decides that the gentleman has
the right to withdraw the resolution.
MESSAGE 1TR0M THE SENATE.
„ A message was received from, the. Senate, by
Jtfr. Hicket, their. Chief Cierk, notifying the
Jiouse that the Senate, haye parsed,, without,
amendment, a joint resolution and bill of the
House of the following titles:. , . ,, ,
Joint resolution (No. 108) requiring the super-'
intendent of the metropolitan policy to pay, ovejr
certain. moneys collected for fines and penalties,
to constitute a contingent fund for certain pur-
poses*, and
An act (No. 577) to provide for the more prompt
settlement of the accounts of disbursing officers.
The message further announced, that the Sen-
ate have passed, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House is aalced, joint resolu-
tions of the House of the following titles;
Joint resolution (No. 110) explanatory of an act
to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (No. 107) further to provide
for the compensation of members ofCongre.s$;and
• Joint resolution to amend section seventy-seven
of an,act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government and pay interest oif the public
debt, , ,
The message also announced that the Senate
have ngreed to the amendments of the House to
the,joint resolution (S. No. 97) in relation to the
Jaw of prize. .
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 108) requiring the superintendent of
metropolitan police to pay over certain moneys
collected for fines and penalties, to- constitute a
contingent fund for certain purposes*, when the
Speaker signed the same.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. MALLORY moved that the House ad-
journ, and called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Colfax, and
Steele of New Jersey, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 21, noes 70.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yens and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The quefition recurred on the demand for tellers
on the motion to proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashley and
Fisher were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 71, noes 12*, no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
House do now adjourn; and upon that I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 23, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Mesfrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Baily, George
H. Browne, Calvert, Cox, Cri*field, Crittenden, Dunlap,
Odder, Harding, Kerrigan, Mallory, Menzies, Odell, Pen-
dleton, John S. Phelps, James S. lloliins, John I). Steele,
William G. Steele, Stiles. Francis Thomas, and Wickhffe
—23. „
NATS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. BUiir, Samuel S. Bhur, Biake,
Buffinton, Campbell, Casey, Clements, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkling, Covode, Ciavcns, Cutler, Davis, Dawes,
Duel!, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher,
Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Guriey, Haight, Hale,
Hanchett, Holman, Hooper, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Low, McKnight, McPherson, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill,
Nixon, Noefi, Oiin, Fatton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Por-
ter, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle,
Edward U. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shcllabar-
ger, Sherman, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin P. Thomas,
Train, Trimble, Trowluidge, Van Horn, Wall, Wallace,
Walton, Ward, Washbume, Albert S. White, Wilson,
Windom, and Worcester—83. *
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX, I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table, ,. v_, , . :r
The yeas and n,ays were ordered." ^ 
The question was faken - and it was .decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS-r-Messrs. Aldj-ieb, AIley^Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Blake, Buflinton, Campbell,
Casey, Clements, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roseoe
Conkling, Covode, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Dwell, Dunn,
Ed«erton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Frank, Goodwin,
Gmnger, Guriey,- Hale* Hanchett, Hooper, Hutchins,
Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William .Kellogg,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, McKnight, McPherson, Mavnard,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill,Nixon,NoeJl,01ir ,
Pattony Timothy 6. Phelps,-Pike, Porter, Alexander H.
Rice, John IL Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent,
Shanks, Shellaharger, Sherman, Spaulding, Stratton,
Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Verree, Wall,
Wallace, Walton, Washburnc, Albert S. White, Wilson,
Windom, and Worcester—78.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Biddle, Cal-
vert, Cox, Crisfidd, Crittenden, Dunlap, Haight, Harding,
Holman, Kerrigan, Kn«mp, Menzies, Pendleton, Potter,
Shiel, Smith, William G. Steele, Stevens, Utiles, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Ward, and Webster—24.
So the House decided to go to the business on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 13, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Baily, Biddle, George
H. Browne, Cox, Crisfield, Dunlap, Grider,Kerrigan, James
S. Rollins, Shiel, Smith, and Stiles—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, A&hley, Baxter,
Bemnnn, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buffinton, Campbell, Casey, Clements, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkling, Roseoe Conkling, Covode, Cravens, Davis,
Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, I^es-
senden, Fisher, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Guriey,
Haight, Hale, HancJieit, Holman, Hooper, Hutchins,
Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, WiiHdin Kellogg,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, McKnight, McPherson, Mitchell,
Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, NoeH, Patton, Tim-
othy G. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander H, Kice,
Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Scdgwick, Shankb,
Shollaoarger, Sherman, Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Train,Trimble,Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Verree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washbume, Albert S.
White, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—84. *
So the House refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, announced to the House that
the Senate had passed a joint resolution of the
House (No. 81) authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to expend from the fund in the United
States Treasury belonging to the Winnebago In-
dians, the sum of $50,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, for the benefit of said Indians.
CONFISCATION AND EMANCIPATION.
The first bill taken from the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (H. R. No. 110) explanatory of
an act to suppressinsurrection, punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes; with a Senate
amendment thereto.
The amendmentof the Senate was to add at the
end of the resolution the following:
Nor shall any punishment or proceeding under said act
be so construed as to work a forfeiture of the real estate of
the offender beyond his natural life.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the House concur
in the Senate amendment; and upon that I call the
previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays upon
agreeing to the amendment of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I rise to a question of
order. If there is not a quorum voting for the
amendmentof the Senate, will it be adopted or
rejected?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see any
point of order in that question.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 79, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buffiuton, Campbell, Casey, Clements, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkhng, Roseoe Conkling, Covode, Cutler, Dawes,
Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fisher, Frank,
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gurlcy, Haight, Hale, -Han-
chett, Hooper, Hatching, Julian, Kelley, Franeis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg,,Loomis, Lovejoy, Low. Mc^
Knight, McPherson, May nard, Mitchell, Moopjtead, Ansort
P.j$orrill, JVixon, Noel), Olin, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Porter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddlfe,"'
Edward H.Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,Shanks,Sheilabar-i
ger, Sherman^..Smith,•, Spaaldingj Stratton, Benjamin F*.
Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Verree, Wall,
Wallace, W-alton, Washbume, and Albert- B, White—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingheim, Fe,ssenden, Holman,, Pendle-
ton, Potter, Segar, Stevens, Wilson, and Windom—9. "
Mr. TRAIN stated that he had paired with Mr*
Wadsworth.
No quorum having voted,
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that there be a call
of the House.
T^ie motion was agreed ^o'.
The roll was then called, when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Francis P. Blair, William G.
Brown, Bumham, Calvert, Chamberiin, Clark, Conway,
Corning, Delano, Delapiaine, Diven, Edgerton, English?,
Fouke, Franchot, Harrison, Hickman, Horton, Jackson,
Johnson, Killinger, Lansing, Lazear, Leary,Lehman, Mc-
Kean, Marston, May, Justin S. Morrill, Noble, Norton,
Nugen, Perry, Pomeroy, Price, Richardson, Robinson,
Sheffield, Sloan, Stiles, Francis Thomas, Valiandigham,
Vandevor, Van Valkenburg, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Wheeler, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Wright.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As a quorum have an-
swered to their names, I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.*
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurring on the* motion to agree
to the Senate's amendment, upon which the yeas
and'nays had been ordered, the question was put;
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 83,
nays 21; £*sfollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, Beaman, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Buflinton, Campbell, Casey, Clements, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conkling, Roseoe Conkling, Covode, Cutler,
Dawes, Duel), Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fes-
senden, Fisher, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Guriey,
Haight, Hale, Han,cbett, Hooper, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ltfomis, Lovejoy,
Low, McKnight, McPherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
P. Morrill, Nixon, NoeH, Oliu, Pattern, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Porter, Alexander H, Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle,
Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheila-
barger, Sherman, Smith, Spaulding, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Verree,
Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washbume, Albert S. White,
Windom, and Worcester—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bingham, Cobb, Cox, Cravens,
Davis, Dunlap, Holman, Law, Menzies, M,orris, Odell,
Pendleton, Potter, Shiel, John B. Steele,William G. Steele,
Stevens, Stiles, Ward, and Wilson—21.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act and joint
resolution of the following titles^ which were then
signed by the Speaker:
An act (H. R. No. 577) to provide for the more
prompt settlement of accounts of disbursing offi-
cers; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 81) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to expend, from a fund
in the United States Treasury belonging to the
Winnebago Indians, the sum of $50,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, for the benefit
of said Indians.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE ON MILITARY AFFAIRS.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution establishing
the pay of the clerk to the Committee on Military
AiFairs.
The resolution, which was read for information,
d irects that the pay of the clerk to the Committee on
Military Affairs be the same as that of the clerks
of the Committees of Claims and of Ways and
Means, and that the same shall commence from
the 4th of July, 1861.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
Mr. OLIN moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to introduce the resolution.
On a division, no quorum voting,
Mr. OLIN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays .were ordered. *
The question was put; and there were—yeas
48, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Ashley, Bid-
