1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
12, 1861, relative to paymasters in the Army;
which was referred to the special committee on
Government contracts, and ordered to be printed.
COMMISSION ON WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish this House with a copy ot the final report made by the
commission on war claims at St. Louis, which commission
consisted of Hon. David Davis, Hon. Joseph Holt, and Hon.
Hugh Campbell, which report gives a summary of the labors
of the commission, and the reasons for their action on the
different classes of claims brought before them.
MICHIGAN AND ILLINOIS CANAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to present to
the House the resolutions of the constitutional
convention of Illinois in relation to the enlarge-
ment of the Michigan and Illinois canal. I move
that they be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and printed; and I desire to say that
I shall call up this subject at the earliest possible
moment, and ask Congress to pass this great work
of national and military importance.
The motion to refer and print was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to move to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the tax bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I regret to be compelled
again to postpone the special order, which is the
consideration of the Pacific railroad bill. I do so,
however, for the purpose of giving way to the tax
bill. I move to postpone the special order until
Tuesday next, and that it be made the special
order for that day, and from day to day thereafter
until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to offer a resolution, to
which I presume there will be no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. HUTCHINS asked unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Wheieus brigadier General Hooker, commanding divis-
ion of the Army of the United tftate>, lowei Potomac,
Maryland, on the 26th day of Maich, 186*2, issued an order
of which the following is a copy:
IIeadquarter9, Uookfu's DivistoN', Camp Baker,
Lower Potomac, March.'2§, IHGxi.
To Brigade aiul Regimental Commanders of this JJimion:
Messrs. Nally,Gray, Dummington. Dent, Adams, Hpoakc,
Price, Posey, and Cobey, citizens of Maryland, have negiocs
supposed to lie with some of the icgiuients of this division ;
the brigadier general commanding directs that they be
permitted to visit all the camps of his command, in search
of their property, and if found, that they be allowed to take
possession of the same, without any interference whatever.
Should any obstacle be thrown in their way, by any otneer
or soldier in the division, they will be at once reported by
the regimental commanders to those headquarters.
By command of Ihigadier General Hooker,
JOSKP1I DICKINSON,
•Assistant •Adjutant General.
And whereas by directions of ih igadicr General Daniel
J3. Sickles a report was made in relation to said order of
Genera) Hooker, of which the following is a copy :
iieadquartbhs slicond iicoiment,
Excelsior Brigade, (Jamp Hall, March 27,1862.
Lieutenant • In compliance with verbal directions tiom
Brigadier General D. K. Sickles, to icport as to the occur-
rence at tins camp on the afternoon of the 26th instant, [
beg leave to submit the following:
At about 3.30 (►'clock, p. m., March 26,1862, admission
within our lines* was demanded by a. party of horsemen,
(civilians,) numbering, peihaps, fifteen. They picsented
the lieutenant commanding the guard with an oider of en-
tianee from Biigadicr Glenei.il Joseph Hooker, command-
ing division, (copy appended,) the order stating that nine
men should be admitted. I ordered that the balance of the
party should remain without the lines; winch was done.
Upon the appearance of the others, there was visible dis-
satisfaction and considerable murmuring among the sol-
diers, to so great an extent that I almost feared for the safety
of the slaveowners. At this time General Sickles oppor-
tunely arrived, and instructed me to order them outside the
camp, which I did, amidst the loud cheers of our soldiers.
Jt is proper to add, that before entering our hues j and within
about seventy-five or one hundred yatds of our camp, one
ot their number discharged two pistol <hots at a negro, who
was running past them, with an evident intention of taking
his life. This justly enraged our men.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
Your obedient servant, JOHN TOLEN,
Major Commanding, Second Regiment, E. B.
To Lieutenant J. L. Palmer, jr.,
Jl. D. C and Ji. J1 Jl. General.
Therefore,
Resolved, That the joint select committee on the conduct
of the war be requested to inquire whether said order of
General Hooker is not a violation of the recent articic of
war passed by Congress and approved by the President,
concerning the action of the Army in the leturn of fugitive
slaves, and to repoit such remedy as in the judgment of the
committee will prevent the issue of similai orders, which,
while they outrage the feelings of loyal officers and men,
necessarily tend to demoralize the Army.
Mr. CALVERT objected.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Attorney General be requested to fur-
nish to this House the opinion furnished to the Secretary
of the Interior on the 11th of March instant, relative to the
laws conferring pensions on wounded and disabled volun-
teers, and on the widows and children of such volunteers
as die or may be killed in the servicc.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr, WICKLIFFE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to allow me to make
a personal explanation, which, I think, is due to
myself. It will be very short.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for personal expla-
nation, of course.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky desires unanimous consent to make a per-
sonal explanation. Is there objection ?
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. A motion was made by
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] some
days since to impose a tax of live dollars upon
each slave. In his remarks, as it occurred to me
at the time, and I find them as reported, he charged
me with having introduced a proposition into this
House to impose a tax upon slaves similar to his
own. I then asked him to give way for an ex-
planation, but he declined to do so, and since then
I have sought in vain for an opportunity to ex-
plain what was the motion I did make.
The proposition, it will be recollected, was to
change a section of the direct tax law of last year
so as to embrace that description of property in
the States where it existed. My reasons for this
motion were given at the time. The slaves of
Kentucky, under such a provision, would pay
nearly one hundred thousand dollars. That was
the form in which every direct tax had been im-
posed by the Government. My proposition was
to impose a direct or capitation tax upon that de-
scription of property. I wish to put this upon
iccord, that l may not be charged with such an
absurdity and outrage upon the Constitution of
the United States.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of resuming the consider-
ation of the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (I£. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose, it had under consideration the
seventy-eighth section relating to railroads, steam-
boats, ferry boats, and omnibuses.
Mr. LAW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer an amendment to a section
which has been passed—the twentieth section. I
will say that I have had a consultation with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and he says the amendment is a right and proper
one.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better go
ahead instead of going back. The amendment
can be made hereafter in the House.
Mr. HORTON. 1 move to amend the heading
of the seventy-eighth section by striking out the
words "and omnibuses" and inserting "and"
after the word " steamboats."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out in the
twenty-ninth line the words:
And omnibuses or carnages whose business it is to run
hourly or at any other stated intei vals of die day from one
part or place of a town or city to some other point or place
in the town or city, or out ot it, and leturn.
Mr. DELANO. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether it is not proposed, in some part
of the bill, to tax either ferry boats or steamboats
that carry passengers?
Mr. HORTON. We tax ferry boats and steam-
boats in the bill, and we strike out the tax on om-
nibuses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the word
" three," in the thirty-third line, and insert" one
and a half;" so that the clause will read*
And any person or persons, firms, companies, or corpora-
tions, owning, possessing, o  having the care or rnanage-
mentofany railroad orrailioads, the motive power ot which
not being steam, ferry boats, or vessels used as ferry boats,
propelled by steam or by horse-power, whose business it is
to run hourly or at any other stated intervals of the day from
one part or place of a town or city to some other point or
place in the town or city or out of it, and return, shall be
subject to and pay a duty of one and a half per cent, on
the gross amount ot receipts derived from canying passen-
gers in any manner as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the words
" or carriages" in the thirty-seventh line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the words
"or omnibuses orcarriages,"in the forty-second
line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the same
words, " or omnibuses or carriages," in the fifty-
second line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the words
"or omnibuses or caniages" in the sixty-first and
sixty-second lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to insert after the word
"duty," in the ninety-fifth line, the words "for
foreign immigrants traveling inland from the sea-
board one hundred miles or more, when carried
at reduced rates of fare, and." The proviso will
then read:
Provided, That all persons, firms, companies, or corpo-
rations, as aforesaid, shall be exempt from any dutv for
foreign immigrants traveling inland irom the sea-board" one
hundred miles! or more, when carried at reduced rates of
fare, and for any passenger or passengers earned by them,
or any of them, as aforesaid, when cariied free or without
chaige.
The object of this amendment is to exempt from
the passenger tax persons immigrating; into the
country who ure carried into the interior at re-
duced rates of fare.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move to in-
sert, after the word " ticket," in line sixteen, the
following:
And such person or persons, firms, companies, or corpo-
rations shall likewise pay a duty of two mills per ton for
each ton of freight carried on said railroads.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know whether the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have had their atten-
tion directed to the question of a tonnage tax or
not. It is very likely they have, since they have
taxed passengers, and that would naturally sug-
gest a tax on tonnage; but it occurs to mo that
there is no one thing within the range of taxable
objects that would bear a moderate duty as well
as this, and press with such equable and gentle
weight upon the people. You may name any
article you please which enters into the consump-
tion of the people, and I care not how far it may
enter into that consumption, you will find always
a large class of people from whom you would
realize no tax whatever; but. there is no person
and there is no class of persons within the bounds
of the Republic who do not consume articles on
which freight is paid. I think, therefore, that it
is an eminently just and desirable tax. It is one
which will be paid upon a great many articles
which escape taxation altogether; and it ou°-ht to
commend itself, I think, to those gentlemen5 who
erroneously, as I think, prefer a tax on sales to
the scheme of the committee. We had in Penn-
sylvania a tax of this description, imposed by the
charter, upon the Pennsylvania Railroad Com-,
pany. It was a tax which was growing in great °
favor with the public mind, and one which would
have eventually relieved the t>ecple from a very
