458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
ject; and I should be recreant to my convictions
of duty if I failed to give to my constituents the
reasons for my vote.
The currency question has employed the brain
and enlisted the pen of the profound philosopher,
as well as thatof the greatest statesmen and most
eminent writers of every age, in every country,
for many centuries. A mixed system of currency
and barter was first introduced by William the
Conqueror, eight hundred years ago; and from
that day to this we nave an authentic record of
its history. The history of the currency question
furnishes the evidence of the world's civilization
and progress. It is recorded.of William that:
" Having obtained the nation by conquest, lie regarded
every man as his steward, liable to render an account to
him of whatever ho possessed. He caused an cxact inven-
tory to be taken of all their possessions; he exacted pay-
ment of taxes in military service, in the products of the
land, and goods and merchandise of every kind."
His great sagacity soon perceived the power
and convenience of money, and he introduced
coining, and fixed the rate at which he would re-
ceive coin as a commutation for services or taxes.
Thus a system of currency naturally grew up; it
being made atfirst optional with the people to pay
in money or in kind. Through every successive
reign, for several centuries, the monarch exercised
exclusive jurisdiction over the currency and all the
possessions of his subjects. Crude as were their
ideas, and false as were their notions of political
economy, yet the prosperity of their material in-
terests then, as now, depended upon the same
great laws of supply and demand, and was seri-
ously affected by every alteration in the currency
as they were by every change of dynasty
In the reigns of the Henrys and the Edwards
the coinages were frequently altered to suit the
exigencies and wants of the Crown. An improv-
ident and reckless monarch was sure to produce
a dearth of money, and a dearth of money was
always followed by a dearth of food. In those
days, as well as in our own,a scarcity of money pro-
duced great distress, and even famine, in the midst
of plenty. When the monarch's improvidence and
reckless expenditure produced its natural result,
scarcity of money, and the distress became intol-
erable, a resort to coin of inferior metal, and the re-
duction of the standard of value, was the general
expedient; which had the effect always of partial
but temporary relief. In the reigns of Edward I
and Edward II, the price of nearly all articles was
established by law; and the effect was that pro-
visions became exceedingly scarce, and famine and
pestilence ensued to such a fearful extent that the
people were diminished by starvation and disease
to a degree which it was frightful to contemplate.
These attempts tb regulate the price of provisions
by law, and also to determine the money value of
labor by legal enactments, and the constant prac-
tice of enhancing and depreciating the currency
as the necessities or whims of the Crown might
suggest, occasioned rebellion, which cost some
kings their crown and others their life.
In England, during the reigns of the thirteenth
century, m some decennial periods, the currency
would be changed, enhanced, or depreciated, as
the case might be, over twenty per cent. When
the standard oflegal value and coinage was low-
ered , as it was done sometimes in periods of great
distress, to the amount of more than twenty per
cent., temporal y relief was sure to follow, and
an impetus always given to every branch of in-
dustrial interests; for its effect, of course, being
to inuease the amount of currency, and enable
every one that owed to pay his debts more easily,
while he who had obligations due from others to
himself was compelled to receive practically a less
amount than was agreed upon when the obligation
was incurred.
So, on the other hand, when the standard of value
was increased, or enhanced—tliatisas against labor
and commodities—those who were in possession
of gold and silver realized enormous profits, as
well as those who had obligations due to them.
The experience of those periods shows that even
with an exclusive metallic currency, you are
scarcely less free from fluctuations and embarrass-
ments, without proper economy, than you are
under a credit currency.
Down to the reign of Henry VIII, the Parlia-
mentof GieatButain had but little power and in-
fluence as against the Crown; from that time its
influence and power continued to increase up to
the present moment. Therefore up to that time
the currency may be said to have been regulated
entirely by the monarch; and while instability and
fluctuations from one extreme point to another
marked every reign, the coin was not debased to
any such extent as afterwards. Prohibitory laws
were passed to prevent the exportation of coin;
statutory enactments for the regulation of labor
and pro visions; but it was all to no purpose, private
interest, then as now, always proving too ingen-
ious for the public laws. In the reign of Henry
VIII, the people were taxed so enormously that
there was not gold and silver enough in the realm
tq represent the amount of taxation without a de-
terioration of the coinage; and during this reign
the coinage of gold was reduced in standard one
third, and thatof silver was reduced more than
three fourths. The enormous expenditures of
Henry drove him to the necessity of excessive
taxation, and there was no way to obtain relief,
without "ruining his people, except by debasing
the currency. In his son's reign, Edward VI,
the currency was debased.to such an extent that
.£20,000 of this base coinage of his father's reign
was increased to <£180,000 of new coinage. Other
nations now characterized the English coinage as
" infamous."
I mention these things to show how intimately
connected the system of currency is with the pros-
perity of Government and people in every age; and
itis only in the light of history and the experience
of the past that we may learn wisdom to guide us in
surmounting the difficulties of the present and pro-
viding for the wants of the future. During all this
period when this currency was fluctuating the rate
of interest would fluctuate from ten to sixty per
cent. With the reign of Elizabeth commenced a
determination to improve the currency. Stowe
says:
" In 1563 London was visited with a threefold plague—
pestilence, scarcity of money, and dearth of victuals. These
calamines, which came upon the nauon almost as soon as
the new coinage was completed, were the natural conse-
quences of that measure—namely, of improving the coinage.
When money was made worth hoarding, and by restraints
on piofit capital was driven from employment, famine and
sickness were sure to follow."
During the succeeding reigns, although the Gov-
ernment and the people sustained serious embar-
rassments, and the fluctuations were frequent and
disastrous, the standard was not reduced again
until the days of Charles II, when scarcity of
money again became intolerable, both to Charles
and the great bulk of the people. The old expe-
dient was l'esorted to, of diminishing the value
of the currency; and arbitrary and oppressive
enactments wcreenfoiced to prevent the exporta-
tion of specie. While this state of things existed,
although there was not currency enough to sup-
ply the necessary channels of trade and the legit-
imate wants of the people, the coffers of the great
capitalists were filled to repletion.
But fluctuations and distress continued in a
greater or less degree until the Prince of Orange
ascended the tlnone of England. Hefound money
exceedingly scarce, and various expedients were
resorted to to sustain the Government in the pros-
ecution of its continental wars. But during the
reign of this monarch—among the very wisest and
best of England's sovereigns—the Bank of Eng-
land was established; and Parliament, in 1695,
passed an act tq suspend, for a time, the coinage
of guineas, and the importation of guineas was
entirely prohibited. The adoption of these meas-
ures, with the establishment of the Bank of Eng-
land a short time previous, created a mixed cur-
rency of paper and silver coin, which was taken
freely in exchange for merchandise, products,
and Government tines.
In 1G98 bank notes were twenty per cent, lower
than specie, but ill a few months they could be
exchanged for gold at two and a half per cent.
Strange as it may appear to those who have not
investigated the subject, it is no less true that
greater stability and less fluctuation occurred after
the introductionofthismixed currency of coin and
paper than ever before under an exclusive metallic
currency. With the restoration of peace in 17G3,
the national debt was found to be <£133,000,000.
But the system of finance which was adopted by
the Government, in conjunction with the bank,
placed the securities of both on a strong founda-
tion. The Government being in good condition
financially, and the bank being strong, the cry
was universal for an improvement in the stand-
ard and specific value of coin. A new and im-
proved coinage was resolved upon by the Gov-
ernment. Any great improvement in the coinage
necessarily caused great scarcity of coin, and while
it filled the coffers of those who had obligations
due them, it ruined multitudes who had incurred
liabilities they expected to pay in the old coin.
Therefore we perceive that increasing or decreas-
ing the volume of the currency in all countries and
every age produces the same effect. Its undue
expansion stimulating unhealthy business—caus-
ing high prices, and apparent but deceptive pros-
perity ; while, on the other hand, contraction, caus-
ing stagnation in trade, distress and ruin arc sure
to follow in its wake. The great financial desid-
eratum, therefore, is to prevent the one and avoid
the other as much as possible. The history of
the currency with other nations on the continent
shows the same results to have followed the same
course of action there.
I have spoken chiefly of England because she
has a more authentic record, and her experience
has been upon a wider field, and a larger scale,
than .that of other nations; but the same inexor-
able laws of trade apply equally alike to all. The
stable condition of the currency and trade of Eng-
land, which I .have spoken of as existing at one
period in the last century, was of but short du-
ration. Her enormous debt, and the deranged
finances of the country, forced Parliament to pass,
in 1797, the restriction act, which compelled the
Bank of England to suspend specie payments.
For more than twenty-four years succeeding that
event the circulating medium was almost entirely
composed of paper currency. In view of the his-
tory of England during this eventful period, which
carried her through vast continental wars as well
as one with America, with her incalculable ex-
penditures and overwhelming indebtedness, and
m the light of our own experience, I can see noth-
ing to alarm in the suspension of specie payments
by ourselves, and nothing in the financial condi-
tion of our own Governmentto occasion despond-
ency, if we will but exercise the authority and
apply the remedy at our command. It has been
the purpose of England, through the whole record
of her history, to be governed in her financial
policy by the exigencies of thehour and the neces-
sities of the occasion.
The Government of England assimilates more
nearly to our own than any other as a Govern-
ment of the people; hence, in all her financial ar-
rangements—during the present century, at least
—her Government has wisely cooperated with,
and been regardful of, the interests of those who
conducted the financial and business interests of
the people, always, however, being carefulto keep
the control of every interest within its own grasp.
We are most emphatically a Government of the
whole people. We must be equally careful, in our
financial arrangements, to consult, so far as the
wants of the Government will permit, the inter-
ests of those who have chief control of the finan-
cial and business interests of the country; but we
mustneverforget thatthe Governmentis supreme,
and that individual will and corporate interests
must all be subordinated to the overshadowing
necessities of the Government. The question is
not with us now, what system of finance is best
under other circumstances, but what is best to be
done in this crisis; and in order to determine that
question, we must be governed more or less by
considerations connected with existing systems.
There are three great financial measures now
before Congress, the adoption of which, coupled
with a determination to reform expenditures, will,
in my judgment, resuscitate the drooping interests
of trade, improve the credit currency of the coun-
try, establish confidence, and place the public
credit upon as firm a foundation as that of any
Governmenton earth. First, authorizing the issue
of $100,000,000 of Treasury demand notes of not
less than ten dollars, to be made a legal tender,
convertible at any time, in sums of not less than
$100, into United States six per cent, bondsf pay-
able in twenty years; or convertible into sterling
bonds of not less than i'500, interest payable in
London. The second—simultaneous with this—
the levying of a tax of §150,000,000. Thirdly, to
provide a uniform currency, by adopting the rec-
ommendation in the able report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, by causing all the bank circulation
of the country to protect holders again3t loss bv
securing their redemption by a pledge of United
States stocks. I should not be m favor of either
