2440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30.
United States, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 355) to punish cer-
tain offenses, asked to be discharged from its far-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of James
McAllister, praying for a pension, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Sidney A. Har-
rison, widow of Major Thomas Harrison, pray-
ing for a pension, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 76) relating to the compensation of Sen-
ators elected or appointed to fill vacancies, re-
ported it with an amendment.
MILITARY ASYLUM FUND.
Mr. NESMITH. Some time since 1 intro-
duced a resolution calling on the Secretary of
War for a icport of the condition of the Soldier's
Home. I understand that report was made yes-
terday while I was out of my seat, and laid on
the table. I now ask that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
IMPRISONMENT OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
to submit the following resolution; and as it is a
resolution for information, I suppose no one will
object to its consideration:
JlcsoZi'CfVriiattho^cerctaryofthe Interior be requested
tofurmsh the Senate wnh a "copy of the conejspondence
between him and thf> War Department upon the subject of
imprisoning soldiers and volunteers in the penitentiary in
this District, including a copy of the opinions on that sub-
ject of the Attorney General and ot" the Assistant Secretary
of the Interior.
This resolution calls for information which will
throw some light on this subject, that is exciting
agreatdealof attention; for 1 understand we have
some seventy or eighty soldiers confined in the
penitentiary here under the sentence of courts-
martial, and theie arc many who believe it is un-
just and illegal.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BATTLE OF WILLIAMSBURG.
Mr. TEN EYCK submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolvedj That the Secretary of War he directed to com-
municate to tho Senate a copy of the ollicial rcpoitof Brig-
adier General Joseph Hooker, m command of the thitd
auny corps, United States Armv, relating 10 the recent hat-
tie at Wiihamobui^, Vhginia, 011 the 5th day of May la t.
LANDS FOR HISTORICAL SOCIETIES.
Mr. TEN EYCK submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of donating a por-
tion of the public I.ukN to the seveial States and Tenito-
ric for the benefit ot' hi-torieal and amiquauan societies;
and to report by bill or othmvibc.
NAVAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr, WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution;
Resolved, That the Scerofaiy of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, requested to comiriunic.uo to the Senate why an
order, issued on the 7th of Novembet ia-a by Commodore
Smith, for the trial, te-uug, and experimenting of improve-
ments! claimed by Martin IJishop, of Indiana, 111 the con-
traction ot vessels- of wai by which tunbei is u->cd endwise,
and other improvements, has not been tested by inspection
and target-shooting, as required by the order aloiesaid.
Mr. CLARK. That had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to it
must lie over.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consentobtamed, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
334) to amend an act entitled "An act in addition
to the act entitled 'An act for the punishment of
certain crimes against the United States,5 ap-
proved March 26, 1804-,'5 which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 187) to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands in the
United States; and
An act (S. No. 317) for the benefit of Robert
Small, and others.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. COWAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom were referred
the amendments of the House of Representatives
to Senate bill No. 43, to prevent and punish fraud
on the part of the officers intrusted with making
of contracts for the Government, to report them
back, with a recommendation that the Senate con-
cur in the amendments of the House. As I think
they will meet with no opposition, I should be
glad to have the amendments acted 011 now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the amendments of the House
to the bill indicated by him at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments of the House, which
were on page 2,after the word ct mc^'to insert the
word " personally," and in line nine of page 2,
after the word " any," to insert the words 44 such
benefit or advantage."
The amendments were concurred in.
AFFAIRS AT CORINTH.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the following dis-
patch; which was read:
Official Bulletin.
War Department, May 30—11.15, a. m.
A tcicgraphic dispatch ju<t received from an unofficial
soutce that the rebels left Corinth last nijrht, and General
Nelson occupied their intrenchments at eight o'clock this
morning.
Camp on Corinth Road, May 29, 1862.
Hon. E. M. Stanton :
Three strong icconnoiterlng columns advanced this morn-
ing on the right, center, ami left wing to feel the enemy and
unmask his butteiies. Enemy hotly contested his ground
at eacii point, but was driven hack with considerable lo^s.
The column on the lelt encountered the stiongest opposi-
tion. Our loss twenty-five killed and wounded. The en-
emy left thirty dead 011 the field. Lo^es at other points
not yet ascertained. Some five or six oflieeis and a number
of piiAoueis captured. The fighting will piobabiy be le-I
newed to-morrow morning at day break. Thewholecoun-
tiy is so thickly wooded that we arc compelled to feel our
way. 1J. W. ilALLECK, Major General.
LAND TO AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the bill granting lands to agri-
cultural colleges.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done I hope
the Senate will pass a resolution, offered by me
two or three days ago, calling on the War Depart-
ment for certain papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio withdraw his motion for that purpose ?
Mr. WADE. No, sir. I have withdrawn it
so often that I shall never get it through unless I
stand by it, and I want the Senate now to dispose
of U.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. WADE. Let us have the yeas and nays
as a test on it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That bill
comes up in just five minutes, at half past twelve
o'clock.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Choir will state
that the bill will not come up at half past twelve
o'clock without a motion. It lost its position in
the morning hour yesterday.
The yeas and nays were taken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state, simply,
the reason why Judge Collamer. has not an-
swered to his name. He informed me this morn-
ing that he was quite unwell, and probably should
not be able to be in the Senate to-day. 1 mention
the fact toaccountfor his notvotingon this motion.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays 9;
as follows:
YEAS—Mes«is. Anthony, Carlile, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Davids, Dixon, Doolutle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Ilarn.<, Kennedy, Lane oflndiana, Latham, Morrill,
Snuit-buiy, Slici man, Simmon-*, Sumner, Ten Evck, Trum-
bull, Wade, W'illey, WiJmot, and Wilson of "-Ma^achu-
betts—c27.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Grimes, Howe, Lane of
Kansas, Nesmith, Pomeioy, Powell, Wilkinson, and
Wright—9.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 298)
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts, the
pending question being on the amendment of Mr.
Lane, of Kansas, to insert at the end of section
two, the following proviso:
Jind provided further, That not more than one million
acres shall be located by such assignee in any one of the
States: *flnd provided further, That no such locution sliali
be made before one year fiom the passage of this act.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I believe I was entitled
to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman will allow me.
I have looked into and considered this amend-
ment. I do not see that it is very objectionable.
1 shall not resist it myself, but leave it to the Sen-
ate to say whether they will permit it to be added
to th% bill or not. It was suggested by the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] that he thought
it would embarrass somewhat the execution of
the bill in regard to the location of the scrip; but
really I do not see any great objection to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 desire to state to the
Senator from Ohio that I conversed with the Sen-
ator from Iowa yesterday on the subject to which
he alludes, and showed him how it could be done
without embarrassment. I trust the Senate will
adopt the amendment. I have endeavored to show
that it is fair, that it allows double the amount of
land that should be taken pro rata from Kansas,
and I have before stated that our school lands
have not been selected, that our railroad lands
have not been given to us, and I think it very
proper that I should remind the Senate that the
party in power heretofore offered to give to Kan-
sas, if she would adopt slavery, five millions of
acres of land for railroad purposes. We resisted
that, and have as yet received no railroad lands,
and have as yet not selected our school lands.
I desire to say to Senatoi s that the system they
have adopted precludes our selecting school lands,
arid at the proper time I am going to call the at-
tention of the Senate to it. You granted to Kan -
sas the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in each
township, but you passed a resolution in tiie spring
of 1857 that gave the preemptors the right to set-
tle school lands befote the lines are run. You
keep back our surveys, and the settlements are
in advance of the school lands continually. They
are now in advance of our surveys. You are
pushing ourschool lands westward daily,and now
you propose to pass a bill which, if my amend-
ment is notadopted, will absorb even those school
lands West and give the holders of scrip under this
bill the choice of the lands.
The Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] who
is not now in his seat—I wish he were here—un-
dertook the other day to correct me in a statement
that I made as to this bill. He said that I was
mistaken. I said that States which, had public
land within their limits below the minimum price
of §1 25 an acre, were not compelled under the
provisions of the bill to select the land within their
borders. Ho denied it promptly and squarely.
Now I call the attention of the Senate to the pro-
vision to which I alluded:
And whenever there are public lands in a State the mini-
mum puce ot which has not been reduced, underthe giad-
u.uion I,uvs, below $1 25 pr>r acre, the quantity to winch
<-atd State shall bo entitled chall lie circled hom -.uch lands,
and the Secretaiyoi the lntcnor is hotefn directed to lt-s-ue
to those States in which there aie no public lands ot'the
value of 01 25 per acre, land .'•cup to the amount of their
di-^Uilmtive Mi.irrs in acres under the provision* of this act,
paid s-crip to be sold by said States and the proceeds thereof
applied to the uses and putposes piescribedm tiiis act,and
lbi no other use or purpose whatsoever.
We have this morning repealed the graduation
law, but the repealing act has not yet been signed
by the President. Under the provisions of this
bill, Missouri will have the right to go into Kan-
sas and enter 270,000 acres of our land, while she
has within her border 3,005,407 acres of public
land. Alabama, with 6,938,000 acres within her
border, will be entitled to enter 270,000 acres of
land in our State. Mississippi, with 4,232,235
acres, will beentitledtoeiiterSlO,000acres. Louis-
iana, with 3,309,239 acres, will be allowed to come
into ourState and take I80,000acres. Arkansas,
with 10,309,000 acres, will be entitled to come in
for 90,000 acres. By striking out that provision
