1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2441
of the bill and compelling the States to take the
land within their borders you will do an act of
justice, and I hope the Senate will so amend the
bill, and not allow States to come into Kansas and
take our lands, when they have large quantities
within their own borders.
Mr. CLARK. There was one statement made
by the Senator from Kansas which, in the broad
way in which ho stated it, would convey a wrong
impression, and that is that the settlements were
in advance of the surveys. The Senator well
knows that application has been made to the Sen-
ate this year for an appropriation of money for
the survey of lands m Kansas, and he well knows
that matter lias been examined, and I think he
well knows that in the Territory of Nebraska and
State of Kansas there are about eighteen or nine-
teen millions of acres of land already surveyed,
which have not been taken up. Now, it may
be true, that in certain directions, upon certain
streams, the settlements may have gone in ad-
vance of the surveys; but when the statement is
made in the broad way in which the Senator from
Kansas made it, a wrong impression would be
conveycd by it, because there is a large amount
of land in ins State already surveyed, which is
not taken up. There is abundance of land there
surveyed and ready for settlement, if anybody
chooses to buy it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It may be well for me
to state to the Senator from New Hampshire and
to the members of the Senate that while m figures
Kansas seems to have a large amount of surplus
laud—forty-four millions of acres—which might
be taken under the pi ovisions of this bill, it is not
true in point of fact. I suppose it is safe for me
to say that one half of the public lands of Kansas
are not desitable lands. \Ve have not in the State
of Kansas over twenty millions of acres of what
would be called arable land. I stated to the com-
mittee of which the Senator fiom New Hamp-
shire is a member, in advocacy of the proposition
for an appropriation for surveys, that the settle-
ments in that portion of Kansas that are desirable
were in advance of Lhe surveys, and would con-
tinue to be, as you survey your lands, and as you
have been in the habit of surveying them. The
true policy is to survey all the lands of a State at,
once, and let the State have the lands to which
she is entitled; and then, if you want to give the
rest away, do it after siie has made her selections.
We are entitled, it seems to me, to the selection
of the school lands, sections sixteen and thirty-
six, before the people of other States come m and
take our lands. Common schools have a prefer-
ence over colleges. We have not selected those
two sections yet. Then, if you treat Kansas as
you have treated all the other new Suites, we ate
entitled to five millions of acres of land for rail-
road purposes, for not an acre has been given to
us as yet. I am not complaining of it; but 1 have
stated, and I repeat the statement, that the Dem-
octatic party offered Kansas five uniliousof ac^es
of land if she would be a slave State. We believed
that the Republican party, now in power, would
doubly that for the malting of Kansas free. My
colleague and myself went around among the peo-
ple of Kansas when that proposition was pending,
and assured them that if they would reject that
bribe, it would have the effect to bring the Repub-
lican patty into power, and that the Republican
party would cherish and watch over them as the
mother watches over the child. You now pro-
pose to take from yourselves the ability to do
anything for XCansas.
Mr. CLARK. As the Senator interrupted me
when I was entitled to the floor, 1 will take occa-
sion now to interrupt him, for I want, if i can, to
put that tlung in Us true light before the country,
i have heard, several times, that same thing ad-
vanced by the Senator from Kansas, that the
Democratic party offered them land if they would
vote for the English bill, and that now the Re-
publican party is to give them more. I want to
ask the Senator fiom Kansas if he means to cast
that disparagement upon the people of his State.
Did you vote to make Kansas a free State because
you could get more land from the Republican
paity, and get a bigger bribe, or did you vote for
the interest of freedom to secure it to freedom—
which? I do not like the imputation cast upon
tlie freemen of any portion of the country, that
they voted to make a State a free State m order to j
get a bigger landgvab. It was because they wanted 1
to make a free State, to carry free institutions with
all their blessings over that wide country, that I
trust the Senator from Kansas, and those who
advocated it with him, went to make it a free
State, and not to get more land. Am I not right?
I desired to deal fairly and liberally with the inter-
ests of Kansas; I desired to deal fairly and liber-
ally with the Senators from Kansas, and I do hope
it will never be proclaimed to the country again
that you refused the <{ English swindle" because
you could get more land from the Republican party.
Mr. LANE of Kansas. We met the argument
in every neighborhood in Kansas, and that argu-
ment was, "adopt this bribe and you will build up
in every county in Kansas a railroad." We met
that argument by assuring the people of Kansas
that the rejection of that English bribe would have
the effect to bring the Republican party into power,
and we assured them they would not lose any-
thing in a financial point of view. Sir, let mc say
to the Senator from New Hampshire that the peo-
ple of Kansas have evidenced their devotion to
principle. You claim for New Hampshire great
credit for bearing the burdens of this war for a
twelvemonth. The people of Kansas have borne
it for six long years without faltering. The peo-
ple of Kansas adopted freedom from pi inciole, in
the advocacy of which they were willing to lay
down their lives. They weresoughtto be seduced
by the argument that I have referred to, and we
met it in every neighborhood in the way that I
have referred to. The people of Kansas require
no eulogies from me. Their history is before the
world, and by that history they are willing to
abide.
We are asking here to-day for that people jus-
tice. We are asking that the Constitution of the
United States may not be trampled under foot to
her injury. We say that this bill, in our opinion,
is in contravention of that Constitution. 1 do not
piopose to quote such Presidents as Pierce and
Buchanan, both of whom have declared that such
a bill as this is incompatible with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. The Committee on
Public Lands of the House of Representatives
yesterday rejected the provisions of this bill, and
reported agamstit; and yet heieit is persisted in.
I have at last got the consent of the chairman to
give us a year to select our school lands. 1 have
at last got the permission of the chairman that only
four times the amount of our pro rata shall be
taken fiutn Kansas. The public lands of Kan-
sas,as I estimate them,amount to twenty million
acres; and our share in this grant would not ex-
ceed two hundred thousand acres. My amend-
ment proposes to give you the puvilege of enter-
ing one million of acres within our border. The
idea of giving to Florida, with nine millions of
public domain, according to the provisions of this
bill, the privilege of going into Kansas and select-
ing ninety thousand acies, meets with no favor
with me. The idea of gi\ing a sovereign State
the right of entering the public domain of another
sovereign State meets no approbation of mine. It
is contrary to the theory of our Government.
I grant that you provide that New Hampshire
may hold land in Kansas, but before she holds it,
she may transfer it to another person, to an indi-
vidual; but New Hampshire ha^ the right, under
the provisions of this bill, to hold the title, the sov-
ereign title, the fee to lands in a State as sovereign
as she is. The State of Virginia has the power
to hold the title to land in as sovereign a Siate as
she is; and under the provisions of this bill, as 1
stated the other day, the State of Virginia may
transfer that scrip to emancipated slaves and send
those emancipated slaves into Kansas, it is, in
my opinion,in. violation of the Constitution of the
United States. While 1 do not desire to offer any
opposition to anything that will benefit the old
States, for I know they have been liberal to the
new States, I do say it is cruel to the five or six
hundred thousand soldiers now in your Army, to
say to them, after having passed the homestead
bli!, that they must act secondary to the election
of colleges, and that if they get these lands they
must gut them by building colleges m each of the
States of tins Union. It is in direct conflict with
the homestead bill. 1 am one of those who believe
that God never designed orintended that this Gov-
ernment should receive one single cent for her pub-
lic land. I believe that God has made her the
guardian, and that she is to hold that land and
part with it for no other purpose than for homes
for her citizens; that the bartering or dealing in
public lands, or authorizing the bartering or the
dealing in them, is cruel and sinful. I look upon
land as I do upon air and water, in this Govern-
ment. The Government should act as the guard-
ian, and should not barter nor aid in the barter
of public lands, but should hold each and every
acre a free gift to the actual settler.
Mr. WRIGHT. Asl shall vote against this bill,
I desire to state my objections to it; and I should
like to have the ear both of my eastern and west-
ern friends. As a western man—if I allude to that
section of the country it is not from any desire to
excite any sectional feeling—I must say that I
think this proposition, at this time, ill-advised for
many considerations, and obeying, as I believe,
the will of my people, I shall vote against it. In
the first place, I think the policy referred toby the
Senator from Kansas a good one: All western
men must feci its force. Nothing is so disadvan-
tageous to a new State as to have a large amount
of its land held by non-residents prior to its set-
tlement. The Senate is aware that in all our con-
stitutions we have a provision that taxation must
be uniform, and consequently it throws an im-
mense burden upon the actual residents of the
new State.
But that is not the only objection I have to this
bill. No man can deny the fact that our eastern
friends are going to support this bill; it is inevit-
able. Is this the proper time to present this ques-
tion ? You had an indication in the House yes-
terday on this subject, and if you will wait about
six months longer, you will have another inti-
mation there; for theie is a country and section
called the West, and they will have twenty-one
more votes in the House six months hence than
they have now. It seems to mc it is prudent to
wait. I think it would be at least prudent on the
part of those who look to the interests of the
whole of this country, to wait until the new House
assembles, and particulaily when nearly one half
the seats in tins Chamber arc vacant, on a question
to afi'cctthe whole of this country. I confess I am
a little astonished at my eastern friends pressing
this question now.
There is one thing in New England I have al-
ways loved. I love that feature of her system
by which her taxes and their distribution are made
very nearly at the same door. I do not believe
myself that a school fund is as much advantage to
any people as is generally supposed. When the
people aie taxed for school puiposcs, or for any
other, and that money is levied and appropriated
directly among them, in an expetience of twenty
years [ have found it more salutary and bene-
ficial than a large fund, in too many instances the
cause of imprudent expenditures, and frequently
of frauds and speculation. *
Sir, I consider this bill all wrong; but if Sena-
tors desue to pass if, there is another class in this
country who should receive some consideration.
With five hundied thousand of your men in the
field, there is another interest in this country, and
the Senate could bo much betterengaged in look-
ing after them. If this fund is to be raised in
this way, I would much rather devote it to the
education of the females in the land. Do not be
startled, gentlemen; it is so. Look at the condi-
tion of your countiy to-day; look at your half a
million of men in the Army, with neglected daugh-
ters and sisters to be raised and educated. It would
much better become the Senate of the United
States, and be much moiu appropriate, it they
were providing some means by which labor could
be furnished to a thousand females in this city by
means of copying, or something else, or m edu-
cating the females of the land. They must do one
, of three things: either go to teaching, or sewing,
i or they must, many of them, lead abandoned
lives, while you have this immense Army m the
field. If you have anything to give to colleges,
you could be much better engaged in devoting this
fund to the education of the females of the land.
But, sir, it seems to be a foregone conclusion
that this bill has got to pass. The language of the
Senator from New Hampshire was very strong.
He says he is willing to deal fairly and liberally
with the new States. That language may be used
now; but, sir, there is a people called the West,
and that language would not be so appropriate if
they were felt in the House as they soon will be.
It is true, this land is not the property of one sec-
tion of the countiy alone; but here you propose
