400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
-Not the least among the many advantages of
this system must be the great saving in exchange;
in fact, annihilating the cost of exchange, or rather
reducing it to a mere trifle. Thus will the great
Northwest be relieved of a great burden, which
has always, in periods of revulsion and scarcity
of money, been a terrible incubus upon the busi-
ness interests of that section. Facilities for ob-
tainingcheap exchange in new countries are almost
impossible under any other system that I have
ever heard suggested. This system, therefore,
must commend itself most fully to their support.
It will remedy, to a great extent, the evil, too prev-
alent in New England, of unsafe expansion of the
circulation by our country banks, when tempted
by large dividends and pressing customers under
an easy money market, which is always sure to
be followed "by distressing contraction, leaving
both banks and customers quite frequently in a
crippled condition. It would compel these coun-
try banks, in order to make their capital remune-
rative, to rely more upon deposits and less upon
circulation in the future.
The effect of this will be to furnish an additional
safeguard against overtrading that cannot be other-
wise than beneficial to the whole business com-
munity, no less than to the banks themselves. It
will also by its practical operation aid essentially
in the resumption of specie payments at an early
day after the settlement of our difficulties, by the
prevention of unducexpansion. Basingour whole
banking circulation upon the public stocks must
create a demand and enhance the price for them,
making it for the salvation of all the moneyed in-
terests of the country to preserve and maintain the
credit of the national Government. With the pub-
lic credit preserved, it will be an easy matter for
us to resume specie payments by selling our secu-
rities in the markets of Europe; for upon the re-
turn of peace they cannot fail to be a desirable in-
vestment, commanding a large premium in the
money markets of the world. This rebellion has
taught us the necessity of strengthening by every
means in our power the bonds of union between
the several States; and the Secretary upon that
head well remarks:
<e A further and important advantage to the people may be
reasonably expected in the increased secunty of the Union,-
springing from the common interest m its preseivation, cre-
ated by thodistubution of its stocks to associations tlnough-
out tile country, as the basis of their circulation."
Adopt these measures,and diminish the burdens
of the people by every prudent retrenchment and
reform, by ferreting out and punishing severely
the commission of all frauds, and then, if the policy
of the Government in other respects shall be as
vigorous and wise as its financial arrangements
are politic and just, then, indeed, may we feci that
if we have not " indemnity for the past," we shall
at least have " security for the future." And I ven-
ture to predict a degree of prosperity for the Amer-
ican people, for the next ten years, unexampled
in the annals of their histoi y; then, also, shall we
resume a place among the nations of the earth,
commensurate with our vast empire, boundless re-
sources, mighty interests, and high purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not propose to de-
tain the committee but for a moment, and not for
the purpose of making a speech. I desire merely
to call the attention of the committee, as I can
now do it more conveniently in committee than
in the House, to a matter touching the special
committee fur the investigation of Government
contracts.
The readers of the New York Tribune will have
obsetved that there has been a persistent eiFort
made, through the columns of that paper, to get
up a sympathy with General Justus McKinstry,
who was at the head of the quartermaster's de-
partment in St. Louis. This has been done by
means of editorials, letters from St. Louis, and
communications. In the Tribune of yesterday,
i find an editorial article of this description. The
editor says:
" Wo lay before our readers in another column a detailed
••tatrMDout of the treatment which General McKinstiy is
said to have leeeiwd at the hands of the Van Wvek m~
vrMieatnii: committee, and of the militaiy authoiities at
Wellington/'
The military authorities I assume can take care
of themselves. 1 only speak for the committee.
'f it Fs so c\tiaordmaiy and startling that we ate haidiy
able to Ixlievc that theie is not tome great mistake about
if; but it eome-- fiom a souiee so Wfii tl)> of confidence tlmt
wo cannot relu-.c to give it publicity, if it> allegations arc
correct, General McKinstry has been the victim of atrocious
injustice."
Now, sir, in relation to the communication to
which the editorial refers. There are several dis-
tinct charges made affecting the committee. The
first is:
(( Several days after this investigation began, and as soon
as it was known, Mr. Clements, the chief clerk in the quar-
tei master's office, under General McKinstry, addressed the
committee a note, stating the ignorance of both himself and
General McKinstry of this proceeding, but offering, in or-
der to facilitate their labors, to put the books, contracts,
vouchers, orders, and all papers of that office, at the dis-
posal of the committee for examination—offering to attend
before them with the othei eleiks at all times, if needed,
and to give testimony or neces=ary explanations; and ask-
ing, inasmuch as this examination was ea) parte, that he,
as the chief clerk and frrend of General McKinstry, might
be pcinutted to see and read the testimony the committee
had taken or should take, in ouler that any explanations
might be lendeied.if any seemed to be required, saying
that his duty to General McKinstiy, who was absent with
the army in the held, and who had no notice of this exam-
ination, compelled him to make this applieauon."
To this he says the cofnmittee made no reply.
Now, sir, that statement, which is introduced by
the editor of this paper as coming fro,m a source
" worthy of confidence," is utterly false. This
man Clements, McKinstry's chief clerk, conscious
of the rottenness and corruptness that existed in
his department, the second day after the commit-
tee reached St. Louis addressed them a letter of
the character which is stated, and which will be
found on page 144 of the journal of the committee.
On the same day, as will be seen by reference to
the same page, the committee caused a reply to be
addressed to him, and in order to show how much
truth there is in the charge here made of unfair-
ness, I ask the Clerk to read that communication
in reply.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Barnum's Hoi ll, St. 3-.ouis, October 17, 1861.
Pear Sir. ? 1 am dneeted !>v the committee of the House
oflleprescntativcs, ot which Hon. C. II.Van Wyck is chair-
man, to acknowledge the leceipi of youi communication of
this date. And. availing them&eives of your kind offer to
aid the committee by every means in your power, the com-
mittee would be much obliged if you would furnish them,
at your earliest convenience, a statement of the number of
hoises pui chased by tiie qu:irteimastei\  depm imeut in this
citv since May last; of whom puichased; at what price
each; how many cavalry and bow manv artillery horses.
Al-o, how many mules have been so purchased bv the de-
pal tment; of whom, and at what price each, and by whom
they have been inspected; what disposition has been made
of them, and how many are yet in this city.
I am also instructed to say that the committee may find
their investigations peatlyfacil'dntcr! by making, from time
to time, further inquiries of you, which your letter gives them
assurance will he freely answered.
Your obedient servant, -
TI1E0. F. ANDREWS,
Clerk to Committee.
H. W. G. OIiEMKNTS, Esq.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It will be seen from that
what was the response made by the committee to
the request of Mr. Clements. He speaks of his
desire to read the testimony taken before the com-
mittee. Of course the committee did not give him
that privilege; and it was notdisposed to give him
or any other man, not himself affected, the priv-
ilege of looking at their testimony taken in St.
Louis, m order that he jnight, of all other persons,
ascertain what investigation was going on, and
prevent witnesses that were necessary from ap-
pearing before the committee, or tampering with
them. So much in regard to that charge.
The next charge is that he wrote other letters,
and that no notice was taken of them. I believe
that he did write some other letters upon the same
points which he asked us to put upon our records.
We did not deem it proper or necessary to incum-
ber our records with immaterial matter, and par-
ticularly since Mr. Clements had been subpenaed
to appear before the committee and testify in per-
son, after an absence of two or three days from the
city, and was examined before us in regard to the
allegation of Ins communication, the paternity
of which is known to the committee, and which
may be exposed in the course of this investigation.
He says:
" To this letter no reply was iriven. nor was any testi-
mony on General IVlcKui&ti) *s p<ut allowed to be' taken
before the committee."
Why, sir, the volume from which the Clerk
read a moment ago contains the testimony of this
same man Clements, extending over thirty or
more pages—the same chief clerk who comes here
by himself or friend, through the New York Trib-
une, and makes this complaint against the com-
mittee. Not only that; another clerk of General
McKinstry—his cashier, Hahn—was before the
committee four times, and his testimony occu-
pies twenty-two pages of the committee's report.
It was through the testimony of these witnesses
that the committee were enabled to developsome
of the false vouchers certified to by McKinstry,
and the frauds perpetrated by his collusion with
his brother-in-law, Pease, by his collusion with
the firm of Child, Piatt &, Fox. It was through
the facts partially drawn from these witnesses
that the committee was able to show how at least
§250,000 was saved from going into the pockets
of this firm, through the fraudulent connivance
of "McKinstry.
There is a statement that the committee went
before the United States court at St. Louis, and
petitioned the court for a special grand jury for the
indictment of General McKinstry. When these
stupendous frauds of McKinstry's department
were disclosed to the committee, as the United
States court was in session, in the discharge of
their duty they did have an interview with that
able and upright and loyal man who administers
justice in that district, Judge Wells, and his able
associate, Judge Treat. These judges believed
that the public interest demanded that an inquiry
should be had by a grand jury, and an investiga-
tion was had. What has been the result I do not
know. It is said in this communication that the
grand jury ignored the charges against McKins-
try. t do not know whether that is so or not. It
may have been proper to have done so, as he was a
military officer and subject to a summary trial by
a court-martial.
Now, sir, it may be said from this communica-
tion that, perhaps, Mr. Clements never received
the answer which the committee sent to him, and
which is spread upon our record. By a reference
to the report, it will be seen that Mr. Clements
himself replied to that letter, and that he sent them
the information in regard to horses and mules
which they called for. Sq there can be no pre-
tense that he did not receive the answer to the
letter of the committee. He came before the com-
mittee, and thirty-six pages of the report are filled
with his testimony. If the committee were in
fault, it was in permitting Clements to go on foot-
loose and introduce everything, so far as he could,
to excuse McKinstry. To show how anxious the
committee were that McKinstry and his friends
should clear him from the charge which the testi-
mony involved, they put the fishing question,
" Have you any correspondence which you desire
to submit?" And then he goes on and submits
everything he had to submit; and it is all printed
in the report and testimony.
It has been said further that McKinstry has
been badly treated by the military authorities;and
that, unless it has been done within the last three,
days, that no charges have been served upon him.
I am enabled to say that more than a month hgo
the charges against McKinstry were placed in the
hands of McKinstry's counsel in this city.
I do not propose to go any further into this
matter at this time. My purpose is accomplished
in showing how false this communication is by a
reference to the lecord. Whenever this report
shall be attacked from a responsible source, so far
as McKinstry is concerned, then it is time enough
to defend it.
I ask the Clerk to read the article of the Tribune,
as a sort of text which I approve.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The class next in its claim on the attention of the new
Secietary is that of thejobbersand peculators. If he needs
any more law to enable linn to deal sununauly with these
scoundiels Congtess will pass it within the next hour or
two; meantime let him hang or shoot, according to the mer-
its of each cusp, looking to Congress and the people for his
justification Whoever shall be detected m jobbing the Gov-
ernment in this ciisis, whether in the sale of horses or arms,
or piovisions or clothing, or munitions or whatever else,
let him have the benefit of a drum-head court-mamal, and
then fiiteen minutes m which to prepare for the execution
of its sentence. A tiaitoi is a detestable object, but a pecu-
lator—one who can *teai fiorn his countiy m sueh a ensis
as this, or impose unwholesome food or rfinisy clothing on
herbiave defender*—is so much more loathsome than a
traitor that the latter seems a saint by compatij-on. And
nothing short of a rawhide can touch the feelings of a pecu-
lator. He knows that he is a vile cieature; but he will
never know nor suspect the depth of his baseness till the
lope 13 around his neck, and he begins to fuel it pull,
"If Secretary Stuntou can succeed in dealing Wash-
ington and its vicinity of rebel spies and peculating eon-
tiaet jobbeis, we beheve our gencmls will take caie of the
open, declared traitors in aims, and that we shall soon have
the rebellion under foot. Heaven grant it!"
