1.482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April ],
„ Mi\ EDWARDS. I mave to amend by strik-
ing out the words " two mills per mile for each
andevery passenger carried on said railroad or rail-
roads," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
u three per cent, on the gross amount of passenger
earnings on the said railroad or railroads*,"so that
it will read:
Sec. 78. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, on and after the
1st day of May next, any person or persons, firms, com-
panies, or corporations owning, possessing, or having the
care or management of any railroad or lailroads using steam
power thereon, shall he subject to and pay a duty of three
per cent, on the gross amount of passenger earnings.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that this amendment
ought to be adopted, and yet I have not the con-
fidence that I shall be able to satisfy the House of
that fact, against the influence of the Committee
of Ways and Means, if its proposition be insisted
on. Ilailroads are generally as little understood
in the community as almost any other subject that
isdaily before our eyes,and less, ltis only because
I have had some little experience in the matter that
I have been disposed to undertake to offer and sus-
tain an amendment which, I think, is deservingof
consideration and adoption.
1 have only undertaken to present this single
question to the committee; will it diminish the bur-
den which the bill proposes to lay on this class of
business? Railroad companies are not rich. A
majority of them are poor and embarrassed.
While railroads are contributing to the prosper-
ity of the country to an almost immeasurable ex-
tent, and benefiting every other class of industry,
they are themselves unproductive,andare gener-
ally a charge on and a loss to those who have pro-
vided them for public use. I have before me a list
of railroads in some fourteen of the States. Out
of two hundred and five of them, only seventy
makeany return to the stockholders; and one hun-
dred and thirty-five pay nothing to those who have
furnished the money to build them.
Now, I say that if taxation belaid on railroads
it must not be with the idea that they are gener-
ally profitable. The tax proposed may seem to
bo a small one—two mills per mile for each pas-
senger. When we get down to talk about mills
it is difficult to make an impression on the judg-
ment of anybody, but in the manufacturing busi-
ness of the country a mill per yard is regarded by
manufacturers as thediffcrence between profitand
loss. And so of railroads; a mill per mile is a
matter of considerable importance. If it was im-
portant enough for the gentleman from Indiana
the other day to propose to reduce the duty on
starch to a halt mill per nound, it is certainly of
importance for the railroads of the country to have
the tax on passengers reduced to one half, one
quarter, one tenth, or one twentieth part of a mill.
JSfow, it has been said that this tax will be im-
posed on the public, as railroads may add it to
their rates of fares, notwithstanding any limita-
tion of the State law. On some railroads it can be
added, but on others it cannot be from the very
nature of the case. For instance, the great New
York Central railroad, which is under the man-
agement of one of the members of the Committee
of Ways and Means, carries passengers at the rate
of two cents per mile, being prohibited bystatute
from charging any higher rate; and that road can
well add this tax to its regular fares, and collect
it from its passengers without their making any
complaint, for then the faro will be lower than on
any other railroad in the country. The general
average price is two to three cents per mile. Poor
roads are obliged to go to the very highest point
in order to sustain themselves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HORTON. The Committee of Ways and
Means has considered this matter very carefully,
has weighed it in all its forms and aspects, mid
has come to the conclusion, fully and deliberately,
that the form of taxation provided in the bill is the
most certain and definite, the most easily col-
lected, the surest, the best for the Government,
and the best for the railroad—in this, that wheie
the fare of passengers is limited on railroads they
are authorized to add this tax to the rate which
the passengers usually pay. The bill merely
makes the railroad officers the agents of the Gov-
ernment in the collection of this tax. If a railroad
company be able to pay it, and choose to pay it
without any additional charge to the passenger,
that is all right; if not, then the bill gives to the
railroad companies the power to collect it from
the traveling public
Mr. OLIN. I would like to inquire of the gen-
tleman how it is that Congress can impose a tax
on the receipts of a railroad company cieated by
statute, and authorize the company to collect it
from passengers, when, by the law creating the
railroad, the amount to be charged is prescribed
bylaw? The gentleman will see that the whole
matter, even the existence of the corporation itself,
is within the control of the State. The company
is the creature of the State. I do not think it by
any means clear that when a State Legislature
says that the creature of its own creation shall not
charge more than a certain rate per mile as fare,
Congress can authorize ittochargeahigherrate.
Mr. HORTON. The gentleman has asked a
question, but the suggestions and explanations
pertaining to it are so long that I do not know
how to get at the point of his question, but 1 take
it that it is something like this. Can the United
States tax citizens of the United States, and can
they empower railroad corporations to collect the
tax from the citizens?
1 take it, Mr. Chairman, withoutgoing into any
legal argument upon the subject, that the Govern-
ment of the United States has the right to tax the
citizen; that it has the right to presciibe the mode
by which this tax shall be collected, and appoint
agents to collect that tax. If there is any con-
flict between State rights or State power and the
taxing power of the United States, [ do not pro-
pose to explain the whole operation of the sys-
tem in a five mmutes'speech. Every person who
has doubts upon that subject must vote according
to his own judgment, giving the value or weight
he pleases to his doubts upon this subject. I be-
lieve—and I think the Committee of Ways and
Means have no doubt upon the subject—that the
Government of the United States can tax its cit-
izens, can collect that tax, and can appoint such
agents, as it may see fit to designate, to collect the
tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the amendment by striking it out mid inspi-tmgin
its place t.he following:
In line five strike out the word " two," and insert " one
to five;" and after the word " raihoads," in the seventh
line, insert, " and saidiaihoads sh.ili bo classified and rated
according to their not earnings and the geneial standing
and value of their stocks, as near as may be, not exceed-
ing live elates."
So that the clause, as amended, will lead:
Shall he subject to, and pay a duty of, one to five mill*
per mile for eaeh and eveiv piisM'tiffer carried oil said tail
lowt or tailiwuU ; and «aid lailroads shall he clarified and
nited dceoidtn<j to their net earnings and the general Mand -
in<rand value oi then stocks*, as near as may be, not exceed-
ing five clfts.hpjj.
The gentleman from Ohio has informed the
House that the Committee of Ways and Means
have given to this subject a good deal of consid-
eration, and he comes to the conclusions which
are expressed in this bill, without giving us any
of the special reasons for coming to the conclu-
sions at which he has arrived.
Now, sir, I differ with the gentleman in his
conclusions, and I think if he, and if the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will examine one or
two facts which are within the knowledge of every
one, they will see that the tax which is imposed
in this section upon railroads in comparison with
that imposed by the bill upon steamboats and
other property is unjust and unequal. Your two
mills per mile upon passengers traveling on rail-
roads will lie a t x of about fifteen per cent, upon
the net earnings, or seven and a half per cent,
upon their gross earnings.
Now, on the other side of the page, the com-
mittee propose a tax upon steamboats of three
per cent, upon their gross earnings. You tax
that property really less than one half the amount
which you impose upon railroads, and yet every
one who is conversant with this species of prop-
erty knows that steamboats are much the better
paying species of pioperty everywhere m the
country.
And moreover, it should be borne in mind that
the steamboats come in direct competition with
the railroads in many parts of the country, both
m respect to passengers and freight, and it should
not be the policy of this bill to tax those great
interests so unequally.
Now, as luts hem ptoperly said by the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Edwards,] theie
are hardly any roads—certainly in New England
—which are paying anything to the stockholders.
In my own State all the railroad stock there is not
j worth a dollar. And you propose to place a tax
i of two mills per mile on a passenger, or a tax of
fifteen per cent, upon their net earnings, when no
stockholder without that tax receives a dollar in
the shape of dividends. They have carried their
list of rates for passengers and freight so high that
they absolutely come into competition with horse
and carriage travel.
In this state of facts, is it just to take this tax
of two mills per mile from the pockets of the share-
holders? No, sir; not from their pockets, for they
have already lost their stock or given it up, and
the roads are hardly able, in most cases, to pay
their first mortgage bonds.
I say, too, in all deference to the Committee of
Ways and Means, that aside from the injustice of
the tax, it is evident that they could not pay this
fifteen percent, upon their earnings, especially if
steamboats which come into competition with
them are taxed not more than half the amount.
My proposition is that the rates of taxation
upon railroads shall be graduated in accordance
with the circumstances and ability of each road.
There are some of the roads which can pay a tax
of five mills per mile per passenger without in-
jury, bccause they have no competition and a large
business. Ttfke for instance the road from New
York to Washington: a tax of five mills per mile
per passenger upon this road would inflict no in-
jury upon the corporations affected, because the
passengers would pay the tax; but the effect of
the tax is certainly different upon roads of com-
paratively small business, and to which other
modes of travel come into competition. In the
section of country from which 1 come—as I have
already remarked—the railroads have alreadycar-
ned their rates to so high a figure that they will
not bear the addition winch the tnx imposes, and
you cannot, in justice, compel them to pay the
same taxation which you impose upon other roads
having a large margin of profits and localities that
will permit them to increase the rates of fare to
the amount imposed by this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose if we
were to go upon the principle of not charging a tax
upon any bianch of industry which was not now
productive, we should exempt neai ly every inter-
est to which reference is made in this bill. If there
has been a policy pursued by some of the rail-
roads of the country by which they have reduced
their rates of fare below remunerative pi ices, it is
(heir own fault. I am aware that some of the rail-
roads have seen fit to charge less than remunera-
tive prices.
Mi. EDWARDS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if there is any railroad in Vermont which
pays a dividend ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not aware
that theie is; but that is no reason why this is riot
an interest that should not be taxed. If people
will travel for pleasure or business, they can well
afford to pay this tax.
In relation to the point suggested by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] as to the dif-
ference m the tax on railroads and steamboats, 1
will say that it is well understood, in all parts of
the country, that the fare on steamboats is not, as
a general rule, more than one half the rate which
is charged upon rathoads. It is true that in cer-
tain localities they are competing lines of travel,
as, for instance, between Boston and Portland, or
between Portland and Bangor; but the steamboats
generally carry for a less fare, and furnish meals
to passengers without additional cost.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does not the gen-
tleman from Vermont understand that the steam-
boat property of the country is very much more
remunerative than the railroad property?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That may be a
reason why steamboats should be taxed higher.
But, sir, I think the tax upon railroads as it stands
in the bill, is perhaps as well as it tan be made
by the committee. It will be remembered that
while we have taxed railroads two mills per pas-
senger per mile, we have exempted their freight
business entirely from tax, leaving them to adjust
the matter as they see proper.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. OLIN 1 propose to reduce the amountof
tax upon railroads to one tenth of a mill per mile
per passenger. I make the motion simply for the
purpose ot calling the attention of the House to
