*1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3403
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and jointresolutions; and they were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore:
A joint resolution (S. No. 100) suspending the
sale, by sealed bids, of the lands of the Kansas
and Sac and Fox tribes of Indians;
A joint resolution (S. No. 101) making further
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1863; and
A bill (H. R. No. 579) to authorize payments
in stamps, and to prohibit the circulation of notes
of a less denomination than one dollar.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident had this day approved and signed the fol-
lowing acts and resolutions:
A joint resolution (H. R, No. 81) authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to expend from a fund
in the United States Treasury, belonging to the
Winnebago Indians, the sum of $50,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary for the benefit
of said Indians;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 110) explanatory
of " An act to suppress insurrection, to punish
treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
property of rebels, and for other purposes;"
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) further to
provide for the compensation of members of Con-
gress;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 109) to amend
section seventy-seven of an act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government and pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (H. R. No. 471) to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (II. R. No. 548) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the name of the
steamship Coatzacoalcos to America; and
An act (H. R. No. 577) to provide for the more
prompt settlement of the accounts of disbursing
officers.
CLERK OF MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWARD. I submit the following; res-
olution, and I ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the annua! eomponsation of the present
clerk of the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia
shall be from the commencement ot the Congress the same
as that of the clerk of the Committees on Finance, on Print-
ing, and on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. • I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it lies over.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that he had approved and signed, on the 16th in-
stant, the following bill:
A bill (S. No. 380) repealing the law requiring
bonds of paymasters and assistant paymasters to
be approved by the judge or attorney of the district
in which such paymaster or assistant paymaster
shall reside.
Also, that he had this day approved and signed
the following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 202) requiring the commanders
of American vessels sailing to foreign ports, and
persons prosecuting claims, to take the oath of
allegiance;
A bill (S. No. 348) for the better government
of the Navy of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 350) to suspend temporarily the
operation of an act entitled " An act to prevent and
punish fraud on the part of officers intrusted with
making of contracts for the Government," ap-
proved June 2, 1862;
A bill (S. No. 376) to allow and pay to the State
of Missouri the amount of money expended by
said State in the arming and paying'of troops em-
ployed in the suppression of insurrection against
the laws of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 383) to define the pay and emol-
uments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 385) to amend ail act entitled An
act to amend an act entitled ' An act in addition to I
the acts prohibiting the slave trade;' "
A bill (S. No. 394) to amend the act calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrections, and repel invasions, approved
February 28,1795, and the acts amendatory there-
of, and for other purposes;
A joint resolutitfh (SI No. 86) regulating the
employment of the convicts in the penitentiary of
the District of Columbia for their improvement
and benefit;
A joint resolution (S. No. 97) in relation to the
law of prize;
An act (S. No. 250) to amend an act entitled
An act to create a metropolitan police district
of the District of Columbia, and to establish a
police therefor," approved August 6, 1861;
An act (S. No. 358) to prevent members of Con-
gress and officers of the Government of the Uni-
ted States from taking consideration for procuring
contracts, office, or place, from the United States,
and for other purposes;
Ajointresolution (S. No. 98) to repeal and mod-
ify sections two and three of an act entitled " An
act to settle the titles to certain land set apart for
the use of certain half-breed Kansas Indians in
Kansas Territory," approved May 26,1860, and
to repeal part of section one of said act; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 99) releasing to the
heirs-at-law of Robeit L. Stevens, deceased, all
the right, title, and interest of the United States in
and to Stevens's battery.
PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move to postpone all
prior orders, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 365.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. II. No. 365) to amend an act entitled
"An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts."
Mr. SIMMONS. The Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office report the bill with several
amendments. The first amendment is to strike
out the first section.
Mr. COLLAMER. You cannot send it back
to the House and have the amendments acted on
at this session.
Mr. KING. Let us hear what this amendment
is.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out the first section of the bill, as follows:
That fro in and after the passage of tins act, tlie three ex-
amiriers-in-chief created by the act of Miu-eli 2, 18G1, to
winch this i-; dditional, shall not constitute an independ-
ent tribunal ill the Patent Office tn revise and detenninc
upon the validity of decisions made by examiners in the
refusal of letters patent, nr in interference cases; but that
the duties of the said examiners-in-chief shall be only ad-
visory to tin; Commissioner of Patents, who shall prescribe
rules for their action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the committee, striking out this sec-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section three, after line three, to insert the words
" or other employes," and in line seven to strike
out the words "in his opinion;" so that it will
read:
That whereas the failing off of the revenue of the Patent
Office required a i eduction of thy compensation of the ex-
aminers and eleilcs or other employes in the office after the
33 st day of August, 1861, that the Commissioner of Patents
be, ami he is hereby, authorized, whenever the revenue of
the office will jusuly him in so doim?, to pay them such
sums, in addition to what they shall aheady have received,
a< will make their compensation the &ame as it was at that
time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bili was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to have the bill
read.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear it read.
It has not been read at all as yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read as it stands
amended.
The Secretary read the bill as amended, as fol-
lows:
Be it enacted, $*c., That so much of section seven of the
act entitled An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts," appioved July 4, 1836. as lequires a renewal of the
oath, be, and the same is heieby, repealed.
s2nd be U further enacted, That whereas the falling off of
the revenue of the Patent Office required a leduction ol the
compensation of the examiner,-* and clerks or other em-
ployes in the office after the 31st day of August, 1861, that
the Commissioner of Patents be, and ho is herein', author-
ized, whenever the revenue of the office will justify him in
so doing, to pay them such sums, in addition to what they
shall already Imve received, as wii) make their compensa-
tion the same as it was at that lime.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not sec what is the
object of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is manifest it is going
to take up time, and we have only fifteen minutes
left. It is nccessary to pass some resolutions be-
fore wc adjourn; and I therefore move that this
bill lie on the table.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will be permitted to
pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know what
the object is.
Mr. WADE. The only object is to regulate
the compensation of these employes.
Mr. WILMOT. They receive more money
now than they ought to receive.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. WILMOT. I renew the motion that the
bill lie on the table.
Mr. WADE. I hope not. There is no reason
why it should not be passed. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered*, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Btowmnir, Doolitilc, Fe-^sendcn, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Il.ile, U.irlnn, Henderson, IJow.ud. Ilowe,
King, Lane of Kan^a-*, Poineiov, Powell, llieo, Sherman,
Stark, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—
NAYS—Me-^rs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Foot, Han is, Morrill, Simmons, Sumnei, Ten Eyck, Wade,
Wiflcy, and WugUt—Ki
So the motion that the bill lie on the table was
agreed to.
CLOSING OP TUB SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to offer a couple
of privileged resolutions which are absolutely ne-
cessary with reference to finishing up business
and adjourning. I oiler the following resolution:
Ordered, That a committer of two members be appointed
on the pan of the {-senate, to join s>neh committee a** may
be appointed on the pair uf the Ilome of Repn^entativea,
to wait upon the Purulent oi the United State-* and inform
him that, unless lie may have limber communication to
make, the two House's ate ready to adjourn.
The resolution was agreed to; and Mr. Fes-
SEWDESf and Mr. Henderson wore appointed the
committee on the part of the Somite.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I also offer the following
resolution:
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of Repre-
sentatives that the Senate, having finished the business
before if, is now ready to adjourn.
The resolution was agreed to.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr.Nicoi.AY, his Secretary,announced
that he had this day approved and signed a joint
resolution (S. No. 101) making further appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1863.
RECRUITING EXPENSES IN DELAWARE.
Mr. RICE. T ask the Senate to take up a small
bill merely to refund to certain citizens of Dela-
ware money expended by them in the defense of
the country. It is House bill No. 531.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (U. R. No. 321) to indemnify certain citi-
zens of the United States residing in the State of
Delaware, for expenses incurred by them in de-
fenseof the United States. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the Farmers' Bank of
the State of Delaware, at Dover, or the duly au-
thorized agent thereof, any amoun t not exceeding
the sum of $1,378, bonowed of the bank by Aldca
B. Richardson and others, citizens of the State of
Delaware, and by them expended for the enroll-
ing, subsisting, clothing, and equipping of com-
pany D of the first regiment of Delaware volun-
teers, employed in aiding to suppress the present
insurrection against the United States; and also
to the Bank of Smyrna, at Smyrna, Delaware, or
the duly authorized agent thereof, an amount not
exceeding the sum of #1,378, borrowed of the bank
