2444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
on the subject. Nobody else has, and therefore
I suppose it is perfectly well understood by every-
body.
Mr. President, the proposition of the Senator
from Rhode Island is to strike out the whole tax
on manufactures and the whole tax on licenses
and the whole tax on stamps 
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator will allow me.
I do not propose to strike out licenses at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not that included?
Mr. SIMMONS. Not at all
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may be mistaken about
that. The Senator's proposition, as it is, will
strike out certainly more than half of all the in-
come that is to be derived from the bill, and his
idea is to make it up by an additional $15,000,000
which he thinks we may get from liquors, and
to make it up principally by an imaginary cal-
culation of what may be got from the tax on in-
comes. As I said, I do not feel disposed to argue
that matter. This is one of a series of proposi-
tions which, if adopted, lead neccssanly to an
entire reconstruction of the bill upon different
principles. If the Senate is prepared to do that,
if its mind is made up to do that, it will of course
support this as one of the propositions. That is
all I have to say.
As to what the Senator says with regard to my
preferring to let liquors off easy for the sake of
taxing manufactures, at which he is very much
surprised, I repeat what I said before, that such
an insinuation with reference to me and the view
I take of the bill, and the position in which I am
placed to support the. bill is what I did notcxpect
from the honorable Senator. He knows perfectly
well that I have no such wish or feeling. I have
my own opinions, and lie has no right to make
such an intimation. I am as friendly to the great
interests of my own section as the Senator him-
self.
Mr. SIMMONS. No doubt of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, then the idea
should not have boon suggested. 1 knew my
friend spoke hurriedly. 1 am sorry he said it.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 am very sorry that my
friend should think I spoke hurriedly. I spoke
deliberately. [ think I understood what the Sen-
ator said, and I replied to it without any feeling
whatever. The Senator from Maine objected to
my striking out ceitain taxes and inserting this
in lieu of them. So I understood him; perhaps
I did not understand him. He said that I pro-
posed to strike out the tax on manufactures, and
to make it up by a tax on liquors and various
other things. 1 suggested to him whether he
meant to say that it was necessary to keep the
liquor tax down m ordet to tax the branches of
industry he referred to. I did not say it in any
spirit of rebuke to him, or to place hun in an un-
favorable light either before the Senate or before
the country. I thought, that a little reflection
would suggest to him that it was better to resort
to this article to get revenue; than to resort to one
hundred and fifty or two hundred different items
there are in this lull to get the same thing in an-
other quarter. That is all. I do not mean to
aigue it over again. If the Senate are not satis-
fied that an ai ti< le like this, on which the retail
dealers get eleven twelfths of all they sell for
profits, and will get live sixths by this proposi-
tion, can bear this additional tax, of coui.se they
will not impose it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is difficult to consider
this proposition separate from the other proposi-
tions which theSenator from Rhode Island intends
to offer. lie would not raise the duty on spirits,
I presume, were it not forthe purpose and in con-
nection with the proposition to exclude certain
other articles fioni the tax bill. According to the
statement he made yesterday, a few aiticles of
revenue will yield a sum greater, if lie is correct,
than we need, and consequently the only purpose
of laying the additional duty on spirits is to exempt
anotherspeciesoftaxes. You mustconsiderthem
together. Now, how is it presented ? TheSen-
ator will tax the productions alone of one section
of the country by this bill, and exempt the great
productionsufthosection in which he lives. There
is the simple proposition. He would levy the
whole tax upon corn and tobacco, because whisky
is hat the expressed juice or the fermented spirit
of corn, and the«chiet value of corn depends upon
the fact that a great quantity of it is used in mak-
ing whisky. We all know that very well. As
the price of whisky advances, the price of corn
advances, and their relative values are just as well
understood in marketas the relative value of cloth
and cotton. The manufacturer can tell you pre-
cisely the value of corn to him when he can tell
you the value of whisky, and therefore the prop-
osition is to tax alone two agricultural prod ac-
tions, if gentlemen please to denominate them lux-
uries, and to exempt all other manufactures. All
the stamp duties which, by this bill, would be
levied on New England,are to be removed by the
Senator's proposition, and everything is to be
taken off them except the small tax on licenses.
All the other taxes are to be levied upon the in-
dustry of one section of the country.
I have not shown, I think, a disposition to evade
our share of taxation in the West. Nearly all the
whisky that is manufactured in this country is
either manufactured in the West or in Pennsyl-
vania or from corn made in the West and in the
border slave States; Kentucky produces a large
quantity of it. What will be the effect of levying
a duty of twenty-five cents a gallon now upon
whisky to be manufactured after the 1st of July?
It is a bounty given to the holders of whisky now
on hand, given at a time when the stock is larger
than ever before, when, I believe, it is sufficient to
supply the demand for six months and perhaps
longer—a tax so large that its immediate effect
will be to stop the manufacture of spirits until the
price rises to not less than thirty-eight or thirty-
nine cents a gallon. Would any man, after the
lstof July, manufacture whisky until whisky was
worth its cost and the duty? The effect would
be,at a time when it is almost impossible to stop
these distilleries, when their hogs arc already on
hand and are living, and must be fed, at a time
when the process of manufacture is going on, to
stop or greatly decrease the production of this ele-
ment of your industry until the price of the liquor
on hand—a very large quantity indeed—lises to
some thirty-eight or thirty-nine cents a gallon.
The result will be that you will not derive any rev-
enue from this article for some five or six months,
and m the mean time all the other industry of the
countiy is to be exempt. Let me tell Senators
that we have to defend this bill before our people,
and we cannot do it when you protect manufac-
turers by a tariff, to be sent from the other House,
and throw the whole of this burden upon agiicul-
turul productions. It will be impossible for us to
defend it.
I know my friend from Rhode Island demon-
strated, or attempted to demonstrate yestoiday,
that all this will come out of the retailers of spirit-
uous liquois. My friend must know that by this
proposition he will add to the profits of these re-
tailers immensely. Every retailer in this country
has a laige stock on hand, and the tax you now
propose to put upon this article will be a benefit to
him, and he can sell at an increased puce an ai-
ticle which costs some seventeen or eighteen cents
a gnllon, until the supply is exhausted. You add
to his enormous piofits. It will not do.
It seems to me theduty of twenty cents now in
this bill is too high; and therefore, at a proper time,
when the other propositions in regard to whisky
are made, I intend to submit a proposition to levy
a tax often cents a gallon upon that on hand, and
then I am willing that a duty of twenty cents shall
be put on that manufactured after the 1st of July;
and after that I think it might probably be raised
five cents every six months until a sufficient max-
imum was reached; but you cannot in this coun-
try lay a duty so heavy on an agricultural produc-
tion all at once. It is true that in England most
spirits pay a duty of ci^ht shillings a gallon, but
that has been reached by slow and gradual pro-
gression. The early duties levied on this article
there were very low comparatively, and they have
been raisedgradually until the people have become
adapted and accustomed to them. Now,when we
arc about to frame a system, it is much wiser to
distribute this burden all over the country, so as
to affect a little every production of industry, and
as we find by experience that the duty can be re-
moved on this article, remove it; then upon an-
other, and then upon another. That is the wise
system of taxation. When you attempt to lay
this whole burden on a few productions, even if
those productions are such as you think are not
useful, you will create opposition to your bill; it
will be unjust in itself, it will operate hard foi a time
against the productions which go to manufacture
this article. You cannot do it. You may by grad-
ual degrees lay a duty upon spirits, until finally it
shall reach as high as thirty-five or forty cents a
gallon. If you proceed gradually and slowly you
may raise a great portion of your revenue from
this article, and you may do it in sucli a way as
not to injure the purchaser of the corn or the
manufacturer of the spirits; but you cannot do it
suddenly by a heavy tax imposed at once, which
will inure to the benefit of those who hold the ar-
ticle on hand for speculation, which will oppress
seriously the great agricultural interest of your
country employed in raising com. You must pro-
ceed slowly, and especially when you lay this
heavy tax on this particular article. Do not do
it simply for the purpose of excluding capital,
manufacturers, and persons engaged in other em-
ployments of life. It ought not to be done.
The Senator from Rhode Island yesterday de-
livered a very interesting speech, to which 1 list-
ened with attention, as I always do to anything
that he says, but it seemed to me that his argu-
ment, or rather iiis figures in several respects failed.
His argument may be well enough if his figures
are justified by the facts. It is true he has great
reliance on the correctness of his mathematics.
He stated the accuracy with which he estimated
the proceeds of a tariff, and no doubt he was accu-
rate in that; but when he slates that he can raise
in this country from an income tax $46,000,000, and
that from that tax he can raise in Ohio $5,000,000,
I at once doubt his mathematics. Why, sir, the
whole taxation now levied upon the people of Ohio
of all kinds, including school taxes and township
taxes and county ta#es and State taxes is but
§9,000,000 a year. According to his estimate, he
proposes to add a direct tax of $5,000,000 upon
the income of the people of Ohio. He estimates
the income tax at an average of two dollars to
every person in Ohio, producing an aggregate of
$5,000,000. It is preposterous, Mr. President.
You cannot levy such a tax upon a new commu-
nity like that where the incomes are all small. I
do not believe you will find in that great agricul-
tural State which is being rapidly developed to be
one of the lichest States in the Union, ten thou-
sand persons whose incomes are above the amount
which is exempted by the provisions of this bill;
and if you assess $5,000,000 upon those ten thou-
sand persons who would pay an income tax, you
would exhaust the industry of that country, and
break up every man of property and of means, It
is impossible to collect it in my judgment. You
may collect that sum by indirect taxation which
imperceptibly reaches almost every citizen, and is
paid almost without thought.
The honorable Senator had a sum here in which
he figured up the tax on cotton manufacturing, and
how much was it? When the ordinary price of
cotton is twelve, or thirteen, or fouitccn cents a
yard, he demonstrated that the cost of a yard of
common cotton cloth was about eight cents. We
tax that three per cent., or two and four tenths
mills a yard. The tax would be seven and two
tenths mills on enough to make a shirt for the
largest man in Ohio—less than one cent according
to the Senator's own figuring. There is not a
housewifein the western States who will notcheer-
fully pay that tax to the Government, if the con-
sumer pays it ail; but in one portion of the Sena-
tor's argument, he endeavored to demonstrate that
a part of this tax was paid by the manufacturer.
For instance, he said that m regard to all the goods
imported into this country the foreign producer
paid the duty. 1 do not see why the same rule
does not apply to home manufacturers.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Senator does
not mean to misrepresent me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. SIMMONS. I never said the foreign pro-
ducer paid the whole of the duties. I said he paid
a part ofthem. The proportion I rieverundertook
to divide. I said that apait was borne by the
foreign producer and a part by the consumer.
Mr. SHERMAN. TheSenator says a part
of the duty is borne by the manufactuier and a
part by the consumer. Take the case of the duty
on cotton manufactures which he brought for-
ward as a startling proposition to frighten us
from this bill. He demonstrated, that the entire
duty upon three yards of cotton cloth, enough to
make a shirt, would be seven and two tenth mills,
if a part of that is borne by the manufacturer of
New England, and a part of it by the consumer
