462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ently with the rules of civilized warfare, must be
regarded as an enemy of the American people and
a foe of the human race.
In this connection, too, I will say, that in the
West, and among those who have been the most
active and efficient supporters of the Government
since the commencement of our national troubles,
the liveliest and most heartfelt-sympathies exist
and are expressed on behalf of the loyal men of
Kentucky, Missouri, and Tennessee. The people
of the Westcherish the Union sentiment wherever
it exists; and hence they have done and will do
all in their power to protect and strengthen loyal
citizens wherever and whenever they need pro-
tection, and manifest a willingness to defend them-
selves and to aid in upholding the Union. The
ardent hope and the fervent prayer of the people
of the West is, that the Union sentiment in many
of the southern States may so strengthen and
spread that ere long it may render efficient and
active service in accomplishing the object of the
General Government in this struggle for national
existence. Recent events give encouragement to
that hope.
Notwithstanding the Army of the Union has
not defeated the rebels upon every battle-field, yet
if the executive and legislative departments of
the Government fiimly, sincerely, zealously, and
wisely sustain the policy of an efficient prosecu-
tion of the war solely for the maintenance of the
Constitution and the integrity of the Union, as
nearly as may be upon the principles on which
Washington and. Ins compatriots founded them,
and the officers of the national Army and Navy
shall faithfully, skillfully, and efficiently command
the large and heroic forccs under their control,
and the citizens of the loyal States shall continue
united as one man, and shall not become distiacted
and divided by reason of wrangling disputes and
irreconcilable dift'erences touching impracticable
theones, the rebellion can and will be effectually
subdued; and then the American people will be
secure and happy in the enjoyment of the freest,
best, and widest, as well as the most powerful and
enduring Government in the world; the more pow-
erful-anil enduring from the very fact of having
been put to the present test of its strength and
efficiency. By steadily and in good faith adhering
to the original objects of the contest on our part,
as heretofore declared by both the executive and
the legislative departments of the Government,
our millions of loyal hearts will continue firmly
knit together in ardent devotion to a great and
just cause, and the ?.enl and unity of purpose and
action of our hundreds of thousands of soldiers
will be sustained and stimulated. And thus with
a united people, and an Army and a Navy inspired
aird moved with devotional courage for the defense
of the integrity of the Union, the supremacy of
(he Constitution, and the pieservation of repub-
lican liberty upon this continent, the traitorous
enemies of all these in arms seeking their destruc-
tion cannot but be vanquished. I shrink from an
effort to depict the disastrous and horrid conse-
quences which 111 my judgment will result if a
different object or a contrary policy should be
adopted.
Our essential nppds in this critical juncture of
our domestic troubles are, that Congress shalldo
all in its power to provide for the present and fu-
ture wants of the Treasuiy; the prevention of
fi auds upon tin' Government and our patriotic vol-
unteers; the strictest integrity and economy in the
expenditures of the civil and military service of
the United .States; and above all, derisive victories
over the rebel army. Until these shall be secured,
let us put asidi—as the intelligent and patriotic
citizens of the country demand we shall putaside
—all extraneous and d istractmg sub jects and ques-
tions. The great problems which the progress of
events may present for decision can be most judi-
ciously determined when they become piactical
questions requiring settlement. I pray the wis-
dom of Congress may be equal to the wise and
just determination of them when they shall thus
arise; and after full and deliberate reflection and
futureeventsshallhaveenlightened our judgments
upon them, after the thunderbolt of war shall
have cleaied oui national horizon, we shall be en-
abled to see much more plainly the truth and the
true policy concerning many subjects m regard to
which we now entertain serious and perplexing
doubts—especially questions relative to the des-
tiny of the Africans upon this continent.
A few words of encouragement and hope, and
I am done. No Goverhment ever encountered
greater perils than ours has surmounted during the
past twelve months. This fact strengthens my
faith in her final and complete triumph. The peo-
ple of the loyal States remain fervently and firmly
devoted to the great cause. Civilian critics have
not succeeded in breaking down the popular pa-
tience and confidence. Although the sympathiz-
ers with rebellion have been instant, in and out
of season, in striving to drive the people to impa-
tience, desperation, and rage, and notwithstand-
ing some of the friends of the country have joined
in this habitual disparagement of our military
men, the sustaining courage of the people endures;
and it will endure, resting, as it does, upon the
sound, discriminating common sense, and pure,
active patriotism of the loyal masses. The brave
men—and, in every sense, the Union men—of
Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky, battling under the
"gorgeous ensign of the Republic," have just
achieved a brilliant victory over a part of the rebel
and traitorous hordes whose leaders revengefully
determined to attempt the desolation of one of the
fairest and most gallant States of the Southwest
because they could not seduce her from her alle-
giance to the national Government. Other and
more brilliant achievements of the national arms,
very shortly to be accomplished I trust, will fur-
ther strengthen the sustaining courage of the loyal
masses of the people, which is just as necessary
to our ultimate success as is a large and brave
army itself. These, achievements will, I doubt
not, convince all of us that civilian critics, and the
agitators of impracticable humanitarian theories,
are alike mischievous in the midst of a gi eat con-
test for national existence, which can only be
efficiently prosecuted when vigorously sustained
by the interest and confidence and union of all
loyal people, and which can only be decided and
terminated by bloody conflicts upon the battle-
field.
Mr. VAN HORN. Mr. Chairman, before I
proceed to say what I intended on this occasion,
1 desire to put myself and those who think with
mo in a true position before the committee and
the country. My colleague, [Mr. Diven,] who
yesterday addressed the committee, seemed to
labor to place all those who favor the proposition
to confiscate rebel property and free the slaves of
rebels in the position of hostility to the President
and his Administration, and called upon all those
who aided in placing Mr. Lincoln at the head of
the Government to sustain him and his policy.
Now, sir, I know of none who are in opposition
to the President or his Administration; but I be-
lieve that every Republican of this House is ready
to stand by that Administration to the extent of
his influence and power. It does not follow that
any portion of this House is opposed to the Pres-
ident because it is in favor of the passage of a par-
ticular law as a means to accomplish a wise pur-
pose. Shall we understand that the gentleman
speaks for the President when he tells us we are
hostile to him and his policy in urging a law of
confiscation ? Sir, I have too great respect and
confidence in the integrity, wisdom, and patriot-
ism of the President to believe that he sympa-
thizes in any manner with this rebellion. I take
his past couise and present position as a sure guar-
antee for the future; besides, I contend that the
President more than intimated in his message at
the opening of this session that some action on
this subject would be proper.
Again, the legislative branch of the Government
is to a certain extent independent, and will be held
responsible for its action, however much it may
be influenced by executive dictation. We are to
act in view of our constitutional rights and duties,
independent of all outside influences, and leave
the President, and every other power in the Gov-
ernment, to do its duty and bear its responsibility.
Wo stand by the President and his Administra-
tion with a firm trust in his patriotism and fidelity
to the great cause of constitutional liberty and the
right, and shall expect that the President and his
Administration will stand by us, and give faithful
execution to the laws wo shall pass to crush this
rebellion, which we propose to crush in the ex-
ecution of law, and under the Constitution. I
desire also to refer briefly to the remarks and posi-
tion of the last gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Wadsworth,] who addressed himself to the gen-
eral topic I propose to consider. As to the main
features of his argument, I am willing to leave
him in the hands of the gentlemen from Ohio and
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bingham and Mr. Stevens,]
who have already fully answered his positions.
I admire the frankness and independence of the
gentleman in expressing his opinions, but I am
surprised at the nature and character of those
opinions. I do not intimate, even, that the gen-
tleman is disloyal, for I honor him and his State
for all they have done thus far for the Union and
their devotion to it. I had hoped, however, that
since the celebrated traitor who occupied a seat
upon this floor with us during the extraordinary
session of Congress in July last had taken his de-
parture to rebetdom, to fight against the Union,
that we should not hear from Kentucky anything
that would bring to mind, even, the expressions
of disloyalty so often indulged in by that outlaw
and traitor against his country.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I desire to correct the
statement just made by the gentleman from New
York. I did not state, in the hasty remarks I
made the other day, or at any time, that Ken-
tucky would join the rebellion if an act of confis-
cation should'be passed by Congress. I expressed
my opposition to general confiscation; but did nftt
intimate that my State would rebel in case it was
resorted to. I did say she would resist any at-
tempt by Congress to emancipate the slaves of the
slaveholding States; but this was rather intended
as an argument as to the inevitable tendency and
effect of such legislation, than an opinion. But
I expressly declared that she would ever remain
loyal to the Constitution and the Union, and would
never seek to right her wrongs by endeavoring to
dissolve the Union; that she had sworn this by
the most sacred of all her memories. It is not dis-
loyalty, resistance to unconstitutional and tyran-
nous Government, it is loyalty of the noblest type.
Mr. VAN HORN. I could not be mistaken
in what the gentleman said. I took notes at the
time.
Mr. WADSWORTH. A reference to the
Globe will correct the gentleman, but 1 see he has
his speech written, and if it is necessary to his
speech I suppose he must stick to it.
Mr. VAN HORN. I am answering the speech
that the gentleman made, as I understood and
noted it at the time, and not so much what ap-
peared as corrected in the Globe. I do not wish to
misrepresent the gentleman. I repeat, that I would
not intimate that the gentleman is disloyal; but
that he makes conditions of loyalty for hisState;
and the whole tenor of Ins speech shows this fact.
If the gentleman will be patient and hear me, I
will do him no injustice.
I am sorry that he makes any conditions neces-
sary to his loyalty or the loyalty of his State, or
that he and Kentucky will stand by and fight for
the Union and with us who propose to carry on
this war for the Union, only upon such and such
conditions prescribed and laid down by himself or
his State. He tells us that the prevalent idea that
Kentucky aims to control the war and dictate its
policy, is a mistake; that she desires no such
thing. He then proceeds to say that if it is pro-
posed to confiscate the property of rebels and free
their slaves, Kentucky will not submit to it, but
resist such a policy, if adopted by the Army or
the Government, to the death; and that, as a con-
sequence, the proportions of the rebellion would
be greatly enlarged. Is there no dictation in this,
when loyalty even is to be exhibited only in cases
made to his liking, and to suit his purposes and -
the policy of his State? He tells us that the con-
fiscation of the property of rebels is "odious,"
"monstrous," and that confiscation, with the
emancipation of their slaves, " is doubly odious,"
"and never can be acceptable" to bis people.
" They will resist it by all lawful means, and to
the death."
The sooner we know each other's ideas of this
struggle the better for all concerned, and 1 am glad
that the gentleman has spoken boldly and dis-
tinctly his views. I cannot believe, however, that
this is the true sentiment of his State, as repre-
sented here or in his State Legislature now in ses-
sion; but if it is, then let the country understand
it, once for all, and let the issue come.
By what right rebels must be allowed protection
to their property and their slaves, with all the au-
thorities against it, and the loyal citizens of the
country yield up all of their property, and their
sons if necessary, in the opinion of the prdper
