1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2445
of the "West or South, or any other portion of the
country, do you think it will bear very severely
on any one ? It will be a tax cheerfully and heartily
paid.
Mr. SIMMON'S. I dislike to interrupt the
Senator, but if he is going to reply to my speech,
I wish he would read it first, because I never said
any such thing. I said nothing about a tax of
seven mills on three yards of cotton cloth, i said
the tax was half a cent a yard. If you can get a
shirt out of three yards, you are narrower than
X am. [Laughter.] I always have three yards
and a half.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the honorable Senator
must remember that he made his calculation
upon the present price of cotton, and not on the
ordinary price. I based mine on the ordinary price
of cotton, and I challenge the honorable Senator
to impair my arithmetic. If a yard of cotton cloth
costs eight cents, a tax of three per cent, is two
and four tenths mills. Is not that it?
Mr. SIMMONS. I cannot cipher for you.
You have got fuither than me.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think that is a sum that
even my friend can cipher out. Three per cent,
on eight cents is certainly two and four tenths
mflls, and on three yards and a half, even enough
for my honorable fnend, what is the tax? What
is the tax on a poor man's shirt, for whom he had
so much sympathy? Why, Mr. President, this
tax on manufactures, of all others, is the easiest,
the lightest, the best diffused, that which will be
collected and paid most readily and promptly and
cheerfully. It is a tax which, according to the
Senator's own statement, will be pai tly paid by the
manufacturer and paitiy by the consumer.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 made that statement in
reference to goods imported, and the Senator, 1
believe, is now talking about goods manufactured
here.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. SIMMONS. I said you intended to have
the consumer pay the whole of it; that was your
argument.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say the natural effect is
that he will have to pay the whole of it; but I
understood the Senator to insist that the manu-
facturer paid a part. He certainly said that the
manufacturer m Manchester paid a part of our
duty on the goods he sent to this country.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly, I did.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, what is the difference
in principle between the manufacturer in New
England sending goods here for consumption, and
the manufacturer of goods m Massachusetts send-
ing them to Ohio for consumption? The same
principles apply. The truth is, the consumer pays
the great body of all duties, whether they be
levied on impous or exports, or be putin the form
of exeises, or in any other form. The manufac-
turer will no doubt pay the tax in the first in-
stance; but he will collect if, so far as the market
will allow him to collect it, from the consumer.
But suppose it is divided, this is a small tax easily
collected, and now would you, m order to evade
this tax, select a single article of industry which
is made out of an agricultural product, and put
the whole duty upon that? I think it would be
unjust.
Sir, let us distribute this tax as evenly as we
can on all branches of industry, and put as little
as sve can on all the great branches of industry;
and if it shall appear by the operation of this tax
system that any interest is injuriously affected,
we can easily modify it by subsequent legislation.
The only character of tax in this bill that I desire
to strike out is the very tax which the honorable
Senator leaves in; and I refer to it to show how
far we disagree. I am in favor of striking out all
the taxes on licenses; he is for leaving theni in.
The license is the last tax that ought to be levied;
and why ? It levies the same duty on the little
dealer for all amounts over $1,000—I believe that
is the limit fixed by the bill—as upon the dealer
who sells $in0,000 worth of goods. That is not
a just mode of taxation. It taxes the poor lawyer
who is just starting in life, struggling to make his
way in the world; and most ot those I address
have been in that predicament precisely 
Mr. FOSTER. Some of us are yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. IL taxes the poor lawyer,
who loves the fust fee he receives with a devotion
he never has for a larger one afterwards, the same
amount for a license" that it does a gentleman of
established reputation, whose income is §25,000.
That is an unjust tax; and if you strike out any
class of taxation in this bill, I would strike out
the license taxes; and yet my honorable friend
from Rhode Island leaves them in, though they
are confessedly unequal, in order to strike out the
tax on manufactures.
There is another reason, Mr. President, and I
may as well mention it now. In all tax systems
it is important to seize those articles that can be
most easily reached, where you can collect your
tax in the largest amounts, in the greatest sums.
That is one argument in favor of a tax on whisky
and tobacco. By going to a manufacturer of whisky
or tobacco you find the article in large quantities,
and you can levy a large amount. That is a rea-
son for taxing insurance. You can go to an m-
suracc company and make the company the agent
of the Government to collect a tax from the in-
sured. So it is with the manufacturer. One rea-
son why I am in favor of this tax on manufactures
is that you can make a large manufacturing es-
tablishment, where the production is veiy large,
pay you a large amount, and they will take care
to collcct that tax from their customers. I say,
therefore, that the tax on manufacturers ought to be
retained, and especially it ought not to he stricken
out at the sacrifice of an interest already taxed ten
times over any other tax in this bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not intend to reply to
that part of the Senator's argument which refers
to the manufacturing business. I take one thing
at a time. I believe that is rather the best way.
Here is a proposition to tax whisky. The Sen-
ator from Ohio says that it is a proposition to levy
a tax on the raisers of corn, and that it will abso-
lutely stop all leceipts for six months. He says
that if we levy a tax of twenty-five cents a gallon
on whisky for the next six months, we shall stop
all the production of whisky. I heard him say
the other day that he did not think twenty cents,
or even thirty cents tax would lessen the consump-
tion of whisky. He so stated in the Senate, and
he is so reported. If the tax will not lessen the
consumption, why should it lessen the manufac-
turer
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that if it was levied
slowly and gradually it would not interfere with
consumption.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator said it will not
lesson it anyhow. That was his deliberate judg-
ment. He expressed it so the other day. What
does he say now ? He says this morning that if
you levy this tax on whisky, you will not get any
revenue for the next six months, because it will
stop the distilling; and in the next bieath he said
they couid nut stop, for their hogs and their cat-
tle were all on hand and must be fed. Is that
°M°V. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what you said. I
do not know what explanation you may give. I
will wait for the explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said this: that you were
taking a time to levy this onerous tax when these
distillers must feed their hogs on hand; that they
had their stock on hand,find must keep it going;
and I have no doubt they would feed them even
if they did not make a gallon of whisky; but
they could not carry on their operations to any-
thing like the same extent; they would not man-
ufacture one tenth of what they otherwise would
if there was no such duty levied.
Mr. SIMMONS. I expected the Senator would
get away; he is very ingenious, 1 know; but still
he says "they are going to make whisky in order
to feed the stock. Well, if they make it, they
must pay the tax; and he said before there will be
as much consumed as ever. 1 do not know why
there will not be as much profit as there ever was.
The fact is, this proposition is so plain that no
argument ran be made against it. The Senator
talks as if ah this tax was to be paid in Ohio; and
he says my proposition will enlarge the profits of
the retailers, because they have a good deal on
hand. Now, who pays the piofit to "the retailers?
Is it not the consumers: and will he undertake to
pretend to say that there is not as much whisky
drank in the manufacturing distiicts as in the ag-
iieultuial? Everybody knows that three fourths
of ltis sold in citits and villages.
The Senator says I go for the keeping of these
licenses in, and he says they are the worst kind of
tax because they tax the small people. Did I put
them in, or did I suggest one of them ? Did I not
vote with the Senator from Ohio when he made the
suggestion about relievingyounglawyers? As I
was the only man on the committee who had a
right to vote on it, did I not vote for relieving
them ? AH the rest of the committee were inter-
ested, and I proposed to take that vote on my
own shoulders.
Mr. DAVIS. How interested ?
Mr. SIMMONS. They have the license to pay.
Mr. HOWE. Oh, we were not lawyers*
[Laughter.]
Mr. SIMMONS. I supposed you were. I did not
inquire about your profession; I know you were
very pleasant, clever people. I say this license
section was put in by the House of Representa-
tives, and I have made it a rule invariably, where
there was nothing very bad about it, to take every-
thing they did and see if I could not amend it a
little and improve it. I wasgoing with my fuend,
the chairman, on that matter. I thought it was
due to the House of Representatives, after the
work they had done on this subject, wherever
there was not a palpable error in it, and where we
could not materially improve it, to adopt their
plan, and the licenses being in their bill, I did not
propose to strike them out. I never proposed to
put in a license on anything, and yet the Senator
says I am for putting the licenses in. 1 do not be-
lieve he voted against one of them in committee.'
I did not hear any proposition to strike them out
excepta suggestion in regard to the lawyers, and
it was said the provision in the House bill would
operate hard on the younger members of the bar,
and I wanted to get rid of that, particularly as it
was rather a reflection on them the way it was
drawn.
The Senator spoke of my calculation in regard
to the income tax. That has not much to do with
the whisky tax; but still it is brought in because
he thought he could make a great point of it. He
says you cannot collect from ten thousand people
of Ohio $5,000,000 of income tax, because they
are taxed now only $9,000,000. In Rhode Island
we have not hitherto put on more than $100,000
for our whole taxes, school taxes and all, and yet
I expect to sec the people of Rhode Island pay
more than $600,000 under this bill, six times as
much as they have hitherto paid forall theirother
taxes; and I do not believe any of them who have
a large income will break because they have to
pay three or five per cent, of it to the Government.
I never knew a man to break unless you took
more than all he had, 1 wish I had an income of
$100,000; 1 should be willing to pay seven and a
half per cent, on it, and 1 do not believe I should
stagg'-r much under it, except perhaps under what
theie was left. That might overbear me. [Laugh-
ter.] It is very easy for Senators, if they choose,
to question anybody's estimates of what will be
the result of any bill, to say how extravagant it
is, and how veryunlikely it is that so much will
be received. Now, if I have overrated the in-
come tax, I put it to the Senator from Ohio if there
is not more reason to raise something more out of
the whisky tax. We want the money; and if I
have oveiiatedonc item, it is certain wc ought to
put it somewhere else. We must have a certain
amount. It is a curious way of arguing to say
that in some items there is an over-estimate, and
therefore you must reduce the duty on one in order
to fill the Treasury ! I do not reason in that way.
I have vancd the proposition in order to conform
to what I supposed was the wish of the Senator
from Ohio, to make two stages of this rise instead
of one; but I would not consent to rising every
six months, or every year. It is the worst feat-
ure in any tax bill to keep changing it every six
months. The people never know what they are
ffoing to work for. You want to get a system
that'you think is reasonable, and then adhere to
it while you are obliged to impose this indirect
tax. Just so with duties upon foreign imports;
when you get your system well adjusted, adhere
to it.
My own idea is that we had better adopt the
income tax as I have proposed, and a tax on five
or six articles. I think it will raise money enough .
I may be mistaken; I do not pretend to be infal-
lible; but then we shall have a system to putinto
operation that can be done in the next six months,
and this income tax, which will be a very consid-
erable item, will be assessed and collected before
Congress meets again on the 1st of December; and
