1862.
®E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A joint resolution (S. No. 98) to repeal and
modify sections two and three of an act entitled
u An act to settle the titles to certain lands set apart
for the use of certain half-breed Kansas Indians
in Kansas Territory," approved May 26,1860,
and to repeal part of section one of said act.
EXTENSION OV THE SESSION.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that it will take up and pass
the concurrent resolution which the Senate has
just sent us for the extension of the session until-
two o'clock, p. m., this day.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
taken up and concurred in.
MICHIGAN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
The SPEAKER announced, as the regular order
of business, the motion heretofore submitted by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] tore-
consider the vote by which the bill of the House
(No. 967) to divide the State of Michigan into two
judicial districts, and to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts therein, was recommit-
ted to the Committee on the Judiciary; the pend-
ing question, when the House adjourned yesterday,
being on the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
recommit; which was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask to have entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed, in order that the subject may be laid over
until next session.
JOHN T. JONES.
Mr. CONWAY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the
further consideration of Senate bill No. 354, for
the relief of John T. Jones, an Ottawa Indian, for
depredations committed by white persons upon
his property in Kansas Territory.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING-. I object.
Mr. CONWAY. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose I have indicated.
The motion was disagreed to, (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.)
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Two messages, in writing, were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Private Secretary, which were handed in
at the Speaker's table. Also, a message notifying
the House that he had approved and signed joint
resolutions and bills of the following titles, namely:
On the 16th instant:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 102) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Andrew H. Foote;
of the United States Navy;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) to grant pen-
sions to masters and other officers upon gunboats
in the service of the United States;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) requiring the
superintendent of metropolitan police to pay over
certain moneys collected forfines and penalties, to
constitute a contingent fund for certain purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 380) to establish and equal-
ize the grades of line officers of the United States
Navy;
. An act (H. R. No. 355) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to further promote the efficiency of
the Navy;"
An act (H. R. No. 369) for the relief of Robert
M. Evans;
An act (H. R. No. 390) in relation to the com-
petency of witnesses, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 496) to enlarge the Lake
Superior land district, in the State of Michigan;
An act (H. R. No. 503) to confirm and estab-
lish a patent heretofore granted to Etienne Bernot,
dated July 24, i860, and to secure to George Sutn-
merville Norris, the assignee of said patent, the
benefit of the full term for which said patent was
granted;
An act (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of James
N. Muller, supervising inspector of steamboats
for the thud supervising district;
An act (H. R. No. 518) transferring the west-
ern gunboat fleet from the War to the Navy De-
partment ;
An act (H. R. No. 524) prohibiting the confine-
ment of persons in the military service of the Uni-
ted States in the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia, except as a punishment for certain crimes,
and to discharge therefrom certain convicts by sen-
tence of courts-martial, and forother purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 527) to secure one month's
pay and pension to Margaret Bailey, widow of
George B. Bailey, lieutenant colonel in the ninth
regiment Virginia volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 571) to punish the fraudu-
lent sale or use of postage stamps;
An act (H. R. No. 572) making supplemental
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1863,
and for the year ending J une 30,1862, and for other
purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 573) to impose an additional
duty on sugars produced in the United States.
And this day:
An act (H. R. No. 577) to provide for the more
prompt settlement of the accounts of disbursing
officers;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 81) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to expend, from a fund in
the United States Treasury belonging to the Win-
nebago Indians, the sum of $50,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, for the benefit of said
Indians;
An act (H. R. No. 471) to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. HO) explanatory
of an act to suppress insurrection, to punish trea-
son and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels, and for other purposes.
CIRCULATION OF STAMPS.
Mr. HOOPER asked the unanimous consentof
the House to introduce a bill to authorize pay-
ments in stamps, and to prohibit the circulation of
notes of less denomination than one dollar.
Mr. WICKLIFFE objected.
Mr. HOOPER moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose indicated.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldncli, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blau, Blake, Buffmton, Clemen is, Covode,
Cu&fielil, Cutler, Due!!, Dunn, Eliot, Fenton, Fessenden,
Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gtirley, IJaight, Hale,
Hooper, Horton,HutcJ ns, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kellogg, Looinis,Lovejoy,MePherson, May-
nard, Moorhead, NoeJI, Olin, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps,
Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle,
Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks,
Shellabargei, Sherman, Smith, Spauidmg, John B. Steele,
Stevens, Tram, Trimble, Van Horn, Vcnee, Wall, Wal-
lace, Walton, Washburtie, Albert S. White, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Worcester—68.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Aneona, Baily, Beaman,
Biddle, George II. Browne, Calvert, Frederick A. Conklmg,
Roscoe Conkliug, Cox, Dunlap, Ely, Fi&her, Grider, Hall,
Harding, Jackson, Law, Low, Mallory, May, Menzie*,
Moiris, Pendleton,'John S. Phelps, James S. Rollins, Slnel,
Stiles, Stratton, Trowbridge, Ward, Webster, and Wick-
Uffe—33.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
The bill was received, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the Clerk to read the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, July 14, 1862.
Sir : The depreciation of the currency, resulting, in great
measure, from the unrestricted i.-ssues of non specie-paying
banks and unauthorized associations and poisons, causes
the rapid disappearance from circulation of small coins. To
supply the want of these coin*., tokens and check?, for sums
less than one dollar aie being issued by hotels, business
houses, and dealers generally; and the most serious incon-
veniences and evils are apprehended unless these issues
can be checked and the email coins of the Government
kept in circulation, or a substitute provided.
These objects may he accomplished by the extension of
the punciple of the act of Febiuaty 21, 1853, to the United
States notes. By that act the weight of the small coins was
reduced, so as to make their actual less than their nominal
value, in comparison with gold, ft", during the existing
tiouhlcs, the weight should he fctill fuither icdueed,feO as to
establish a similar relation between these coins and the
United States notes, it i« highly probable, if not quite cer-
tain, that the coins will be retained m circulation. Ofcourse,
any enactment with this object should be accompanied by
a prohibition of the calculation of tokens and certificates
for fractional parts of a dollar, and should be limited in du-
ration to the existing insurrection.
Should Congress see fit to adopt thfa expedient, a return
to the existing basis, on the termination of the insurrec-
tion, will be practicable and easy.
The same object may be accomplished, and perhaps with
Jess incidental evil consequence, by a similar prohibition,
accompanied by a provision for the receipt of postage and
other stamps in payment of the fractional parts of a dollar.
For the convenience of the committee, J inclose two bills
prepared upon the principles just indicated.
With great respect, S.P.CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Thaddeus Stevens, Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, United States House of Representatives.
Mr. HOOPER. I wish to state that the first
bill proposed by the Secretary in that letter, chang-
ing the weight of silver coin, was rejected by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and the second
alternative adopted. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to withdiaw the demand
for the previous question. I desire to submit one
word in explanation of my opposition to the sec-
ond section of the bill.
Mr. HOOPER. I will, if the gentleman will
renew the demand.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will.
Mr. HOOPER. Then I withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. It will be remarked,
Mr. Speaker, that the second section of this bill
prohibits the issuing of any paper money, token
or note whatever, of a less denomination than ono
dollar, to be used as money. If the Congress of
the United States has the right to prohibit the
issuing of paper money by any corporation of a
less denomination than one dollar, it lias the right
to prohibit the issuing of paper money by any
corporation in the country of any amount. Ihave
no objection to that feature of the bill, if confined
to the District of Columbia where we have the
power to legislate in that way. But if you extend
it to thp States, you at once sanction the principle
that Congress may prohibit any corporation cre-
ated by a State government from issuing any paper
money whatever. I do not believe that that power
is conferred on the Congress of the United States.
I therefore believe that the bill under consideration
is unconstitutional; and whenever Congress pio-
poscs to prohibit banks from issuing any paper
money at all, this act will be cited in support of
the measure.
I am as much in favor as any member on the
floor of this House of preventing the circulation
of shinplasters. 1 am against the circulation of
small notes, i desire to see our circulation based
on specie, and that no note of less than twenty
dollars should be issued. But we have adopted
anotherline of policy; we have made paper money
a legal tender. We have thus supplanted gold and
silver, and made paper money a legal tender, which
is in value seventeen per cent, less than gold and
silver. If the gentleman from Massachusetts will
not consider it a violation of my pledge, I would
like to submit a motion to strike out the second
section of the bill; and then I will move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOOPER. I would prefer the gentleman
to renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Very well. I ask
that the second section may be again read.
The section was read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. One word further.
This second section prohibits the issuing by any
banking or other corporation of notes of a less de-
nomination than one dollar. We know that the
country banks do not now issue notes of a less
denomination than one dollar; butnevertheless the
Legislature of any State can authorize banks to
issue notes of a less denomination than one dol-
lar. It is the principle contained in this bill against
which I am combating. I am as desirous to effect
the object sought as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts can be, but I cannot and will not violate
the Constitution of my country by voting for such
a bill as this. I now renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. COX. I move that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 39, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Aneona, Baily, Beaman,
Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, George H. Browne, Calvm, Fred-
erick A Conkling, RoscoeOonkhng, Cox, Crittenden, Ely,
Fisher, Grider, Hall, Harding, Hutohins, Law, Low, Me-
