1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
authority, to save the State, is more than can be
ascertained; and any man who demands such a
policy is no friend to" the Union, and devoid of the
higher and nobler impulses of humanity. Again,
the gentleman attempts to place those who are in
favor of the confiscation and emancipation, as pro-
posed , in the attitude of hostility to the Union, op-
posed to the war, and in favor of pcace. I am glad
to find the gentleman so eloquent in favor of war
to subdue the rebellion; but those who have been
engaged longer in this war for the Union than the
gentleman or his State, and with full as true and
patriotic motives, don't propose at this late day in
the struggle to take lessons of loyalty from such
sources, or be driven entirely from the field. The
early and prompt action of the free States \v as what
saved this capital, the Government, and the Union,
while Kentucky was seeking to avoid the struggle
by occupying an ignominious neutrality. That
neutrality was itself treason; for in such a strug-
gle, the nation writhing under the lacerations of
its assailants, for a sovereign State, made all it is
by being in the Union, and having- drawn all of
its power and character from the Union, to look
on and have no word of sympathy, and no blows
to strike in the defense of the Union, must be
counted, for all practical purposes of defense, out
of and opposed La the Union. I rejoice, sir, that
Kentucky has at last come to her senses, in part,
at least, and I hope that hereafter we may be able
to welcome her to the performance of every duty
and every sacrifice that the great interests of our
struggling country may demand of all good and
loyal citizens.
Sir, the time has arrived, in my humble judg-
ment, when the great interests of the country and
constitutional government involved in our present
struggle for national existence, and every consid-
eration of humanity and economy, demand that
the principles embiaced in the proposed law to
confiscate the property of rebels and liberate their
slaves should be incorporated into the law of the
land as a rule of action.
I have no desire to enter into a discussion of
the question of slavery merely for the sake of dis-
cussing it, as 1 can see no good that will result
from such a course. It is too late in the day to
admit an argument in favor of slavery in any form
and under any circumstances, for it stands con-
demned before the bar ofevery patriot's conscience
and before the whole world as an unmitigated vil-
lainy and an enemy to freedom and constitutional
liberty. What I shall say upon it will be in rela-
tion to its connection with this rebellion we are all
desirous to put down, and the means to be em-
ployed to consummate this great object. I would
not, in this hour of general good feeling and dis-
position to stand by and sustain the Government
in its work of saving the Republic and our free
institutions, do anything or say a word that would
throw a cloud over any mind, or weaken the hopes
or lessen the efforts of any true patriot in this
grand struggle for national existence; while, on
the other hand, I should look with contempt upon
myselfif I used timid words, and failed to treat
this great issue with milder terms than justice
requires.
A policy of timidity has brought this ruin and
desolation upon us to a great extent; the lips of
freedom have been closed and silent when they
ought to haveuttered words of truth—bold words,
that would have given evidence of a will and a
power to stand by and defend the right. Wicked,
treasonable concessions to slavery, beyond what
were colled for, necessary, or expected by those
who framed our Government and laid its founda-
tions in liberty and justice to all, is what has, to
a great extent, brought this degeneracy upon us,
and rendered us comparatively powerless in the
hands of an inferior. Seeing plainly the evils
through which we have passed, we may be able
to avoid for the future the failures that have marked
all our way to the present. I am aware, at this
point, that there arc a large number of those di-
rectly interested m slavery, who are ably and hon-
orably represented in this Hall, who make com-
mon cause with us for our country, and are strug-
gling here and in the field to uphold its flag and
sustain its honor. Of this I will speak hereafter;
but here let me say that I hail them as brothers
in a common cause, so long as they make the
Union first and foremost, and hope we shall not
differ in the end as to the means to be employed
to crush this wicked, cruel monster that has arisen
in their midst to strike down the Government of
our fathers and destroy our liberties.
Sir, as this is a slaveholders5 rebellion, not that
all slaveholders are engaged in it, but as slavery
is at the bottom of it, and inscribed upon every
stone to the very top of the structure, and as it is
proposed to operate only upon rebels and conspir-
ators against the Government, certainly our friends
from the slave States should not complain atplain
languageandbold treatment towardssuch traitors.
How any one can object to such a law I am at a
loss to discover. As such a law is proposed in no-
wise to interfere with a loyal citizen to his injury,
but is directed against the enemies of his rights
and his liberties, any man in free or slave States
who objects to its passage is but half converted
to the cause of the Union himself. But the pro-
priety, justice, ami constitutionality of such a law
is not admitted, and here is where we join issue
to make our case.
What sacredness about slavery at this late day,
with its full nature and spirit before us, that we
should protect it in the hands of the worst and
most bitter enemies of our country, when it is the
very strength of the contest against us, as they
themselves declare, and as we are compelled to
acknowledge? This law in question only seeks
legitimately to weaken the power of the rebellion
we are all endeavoring to subdue, or to put it in
a condition that we can more easily subdue it.
And this does not pervert the objects and pur-
poses of this war as originally declared by any
one in the least authorized to speak for the XJnion
or the Government.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Harding]
enters his protest against such legislation, as itpro-
poses to change the whole programme of arrange-
ments for carrying on this war, declaring that we
have nothing more to do with slavery in the rebel
States, or the slaves of lebels in those States, than
we have to interfere in any local institution in a
loyal State. This might be good doctrine in a time
of peace, and such should be our rule of action
towards loyal men in all the States; but the gentle-
man seems to forget that "war, as well as peacef
has its rules," and that necessity, as well as justice,
oftentimes requires obedience to such rules. Tins
doctrine of non-interference with the local insti-
tutions of the States by Congress has been pro-
claimed broadcast over the land by the party now
in power in the Government, and it meant all it
declared in Us resolutions to this effect, although
as often disbelieved by the South as declared by
that party. The case is far different now, and
made by the South itself. The Government, in
managing this war against its conspirators, is not
acting as a party or for a party, but for the coun-
try, with the sole and only purpose of carrying
us through the struggle safely, and with 110 loss
of character or moral power. To say nothing of
the States arrayed against us as such, the citizens
of the rebel States arc in arms against the Govern-
ment, and upon the tented field; they have cast aside
the Constitution of their country under which,
when loyal, they were entitled to protection, to all
their rights guarantied to them by that Constitu-
tion, and are no more entitled to our protection,
being themselves outlaws by their own wicked and
treasonable acts.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hard-
ing] would protect the icbelin his right to his slave,
as he would term it, by not allowing withoutthis
law, or in the execution of sue.h a law as this,such
slave to bo m any manner interfered with, but
would indirectly, in various ways, tighten his
bonds, and if found in our camps send him back
to strengthen the enemy. Such a course, if pur-
sued, would pervert the objects and purposes of
this war. What was the object of this war as
first and always proclaimed, but to save the Gov-
ernment, and to use every legitimate means that
humanity, justice, and the rules of war sanction,
to accomplish this purpose speedily? I have
never yet heard that any body of men have been
authorized to Say, or have said, what those means
should be, or ought to be, or at what particular
point, or when they should 15b used, while I have
understood that, acting upon an honest upright
purpose to conserve the Government, such means
would be employed as were legitimate ond de-
manded by the necessities of the case. This I
j understand to be the main outline of the contract
j of which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
1 Harding] speaks. As a party to that underftand-
I ing we propose to enact a law as suggested,.and
have it faithfully executed. "Why should gentle-
men draw back when they come in contact with
this qxiestion of slavery as connccted with this re-
bellion ? Why should they hesitate to "Strike an
effectual blow at this power and mlfans iir febel
hands of supporting and continuing it, while . '
the same time all avow the puipose of this war
! to be to crush it in the least possible time, and
j with the least expenditure of blood and treasure?
Must this war be continued.on our part without
availing ourselves of every means and circum-
stance that come in our way to weaken our en-
emy and crush his power? Do we desire to carry
it on—on a grand and magnificent scale, with an
army greater than ever trod the earth before,and
an expenditure corresponding—merely to astonish
the world with an exhibition of our po wer and
give evidence of the patriotism of our people? No,
sir, this is not the object; but only the evidence of
our power and patriotism.
Is it good generalship or wise statesmanship
on our part to refrain striking at the weak points
of our enemy, when their weakness is so appar- J
ent ai)d so exposed? Sir, the loyal people of the
free States, who have sacrificed so much to fur-
nish men and means to defend the Government,
and are still willing to yield to her just demands,
have a right to, and do demand, that every means
in our possession that can be used to destroy our
enemy shall be faithfully and vigorously employed;
that the Government shall avail itself of every
circumstance or condition of our enemy by which
his power may be broken, and use every means
sanctioned by the rules of warfare acknowledged
by civilized nations, which may prove effectual
in his destruction. If we do less than this, we fail-
to come up to the great occasion upon which we
have fallen, and prove ourselves unworthy of the
positions we occupy. And this, sir, is all that is
proposed to be done.
What rights have these rebels to any protection
from us to their persons, save as prisoners of war,
their property, or their slaves which they claim
as property? Those in rebellion are outlaws by
their own wicked and voluntary acts, and have
forfeitedall rights they heretofore possessed under
the Constitution and the laws. They defy our
power; they insult our flag; they have trampled
upon our Constitution and laws; they are seeking
with the spirit and desperation of devils and an
unyielding determination and purpose to break
down and destroy our Government; and shall we
give them any protection, or fail to avail ourselves
of every advantage we possess over them to sub-
due them to rightful authority? What right have
they, with the Constitution under their feet, de-
fiance on their lips, and the sword in their hands,
to protection under that Constitution to their prop-
erty of any kind whatever? What right has the
gentleman from Kentucky, or any one, whose lib-
erties are in jeopardy by the dangers that threaten
us by such wanton violation of sacred obligation,
to demand for such outlaws any immunity from
the consequences of their treason? The slave la-
bor of the rebel States, or that portion of it under
the control of rebels, and used for their purpose
and benefit, is the power that upholds this rebel-
lion, and the subsistence upon which it thrives.
Strike down, if you please, the slaves of all rebel-
dom to-day, and the rebellion dies to-morrow.
It has been the boast of the conspirators who have
occupied seats in both ends of this Capitol, as well
as leading journals and organs of the southern
confederacy, so called, that the South could carry
on a war for any length of time, and thus wear out
and impoverish the North, from the fact that nearly
the whole white population could rush to arms if
necessary,leaving only enough to oversee the la-
bor, while the whole labor system of the country
could be in successful operation, and supply the
means by which the war could be continued. And
who is so blind that he cannot see force m this
position ? We must strike at the very means by
which it thrives if we would crush out this rebel-
lion.
Sir, I hope that this body will not be disgraced
by the advocacy of the traitorous doctrine that
those in arms against their country are entitled to
any protection whatever from the Government.
I Talk of right of property in slaves of rebels, and
the duty of our generals or the Government to
send them back from our camps into slavery to
feed, clothe, and arm this rebellion, and make it
