2446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
if there is any modification wanted, if it does not
meet the expectations of Congress, they can in-
crease it or put more on something' else if they
choose; butif you undertake to put a tax on seven
hundred and fifty articles, as the bill does, it will
take a whole regiment of officers in each State to
assess them, and you will not do any of them well.
Mv deliberate judgment isthat it is best for us to
select a few of the prominent articles, the most
reliable for revenue, and get the machinery to
work with them and see what the result is. We
shall be here in six months; we shall then have
time to reflect on the measure; we shall see its
workings, and we can add to it with some degree
of experience in what we have gone through with
already; but if we start out on this immense field
at once and it fails, we shall hardly know where
to trace the failure. If you take a little time, I
verily believe that we can devise a system much j
better adapted to the wants of the country than
this bill is, and when we come to that I shall pro-
pose an amendment that will yield us something
in lieu of the tax on slaves that the Senate rejected
yesterday, and I believe it will meet the approba-
tion of the body. I think that in the mode I have
suggested we can raise $153,000,000; and that,
with §100,000,000 from imports, will give us
enough to carry on the Government, pay interest
on the public debt, and p*ut away a sinking fund
of $50,000,000 annually.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I do not know
how to vote on this proposition. I feel agood deal
of difficulty in relation to what is the course 1
ought to take in reference to the questions that
arise hero, and I will suggest some of these difficul-
ties honestly, that those who know more about
the subject than I profess to know, may, if they
can, remove them.
I assume that we must raise money enough to
carry on successfully the affairs of the Govern-
ment. We shall all be agreed upon that. There
is no man who is loyal and patriotic, who will not
be willing to vote money enough and to raise
money enough by taxation to accomplish this ob-
ject. Since this biil came up for consideration,
feeling my own incompetency to judge in reference
to these questions, I hcive set about anxiously and
industriously to inform myself as well as I could
in reference to these questions. 1 have learned a
few leading- facts, and if I am in error I wish Sen-
ators who know more about the subject than I do
to correct me.
I have learned that the supposed revenue of our
Government from.the tariff will be from sixty to
eighty millions of dollars. The Senator from
Rhode Island yesterday stated it at $80,000,000.
Whether it be sixty or eigiity, it will be enough,
if I am correctly informed, to pay the ordinary civil
expenses of the Government. I understand from
the Secretary of the Treasury himself, for I have re-
sorted to all the sources of information which were
within my reach, that the civil expenses of the
Government for this year will be less than sixty
millions.
Now, sir, in my own judgment—and I want to be
corrected if I am wrong—we may safely set down
the revenue from the tariff against the ordinary
expenses of the Government. I believe the one
will balance the other,and we need not raise money
by a tax for the purpose of paying the ordinary
expenses of the Government. Then what is there
left? There is the war debt, the debt of the coun-
try, and what is that? We have heard all winter
long about our expending two or three millions a
day. I did not believe it then. I have never be-
lieved it. I have regarded these statements as the
statements of alarmists; and it turns out now, 1
am informed from an authoiity upon which I
rely—and here, again, I want to be coi reeled if I
am wiong—the Secretary of the Treasury tells
me that, on the 1st day of July next, the debt of
the country will not vary five millions from his
former estimate, which was $517,000,000. Call
it $520,000,1)00; that is the utmost that jt will he.
It was said hoie yesterday, in answer to some re-
mark made by the Senator from Rhode Island,
that there was a iaige debt due to the Army. I
have this morning taken the pains to inform my-
self about that, ana 1 learn from the proper source
that the Ai my i* paid up to the 1st of the present
month. 1 he appropriation lias been made re-
cently, Senators are aware, for the puipose.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him. He asserts that the Army has been
paid up to the 1st of the present month. Does he
mean the entire Army?
Mr. HARRIS. Our Army was paid up, or,
though the soldiers may not have received it, the
money has been paid out by the Treasury, and is
in the hands of the proper officers, so that it is
included in the estimate.
Mr. POWELL. Itis impossible that the Army
can have been paid up to the present month.
Mr. HARRIS. I learn this of the Paymaster
General. I inquired of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in the first instance, and he told tne to go to
the Paymaster General, who would give me the
information. I went to him, and he told me that
where it had been impossible to pay the soldiers
the money was in the hands of the paymasters,
and, of course, had gone out of the Treasury for
that purpose, so that we may assume that it is
now paiu; and if the soldiers have not actually
received it the money is in the hands of the pay-
masters for them. Our debt, then, I assume will
be $520,000,000 on the 1st of July.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, let me set the Sen-
ator right.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to be right. I want to
get at what is the fact in this matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to make
a speech now, if at all, but I can give the Senator
a few plain figures that will perhaps set him right
in regard to this matter.
At the extra session of Congress, in July, and
at this session of Congress, we have already ap-
propriated for this year $535,000,000 and over.
At the second session of the last Congress we
madu the ordinary appropriations for the year. I
have not added them up, but they cannot be less
than §65,000,000, I suppose. These items will
make $000,000,000. What we appropriated in
March, 1861, and in July last, and at this session
of Congress for the expenses of this year, will
amount to $600,000,000. Our old debt is not less
than $70,000,000; I do not know the exact amount.
That is $670,000,000, and the Senator can judge
for himself whether, taking into consideration the
odds and ends, unsettled claims, deficiencies, &c.,
which will be likelyto come m upon us, we shall
fall short of $700,000,000. Deduct $50,000,000
for receipts from ail sources cxeept loans, and the
amount of absolute indebtedness cannot well be
less than $650,000,000 at the closc of the year. I
hope it will nor exceed that amount.
Air. SIMMONS. If the Senator from New
York will allow me, I will state that I know our
appropriations have been very large, and we have
appropriated, according to an enumeration made
by the Senator from Maine, vast amounts for the
ordnance department, for the puichase and man-
ufacture of arms. 1 think we voted twenty or
thirty millions for that alone this year, and not
a dollar of it has been spent yet, and probably will
not be until after the 1st of July. Although we
have appropriated that money, it has not gone out
of the Treasury, and will not go out this year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Still it will go on to this
year's debt. It does not make any difference
whether it is spent to-day or next month or the
month after, it will stillbe part of the debt of this
year, and that the money will be used is proved
by the fact that notwithstanding these appropri-
ations for ordnance this year, we are called upon
to make large appropriations for ordnance for the
next year in addition. Though that money has
nor really gone out of the Treasury as yet, it is
appropriated on estimates of what is needed for
the service of this year, and will be used.
Mr. HARRIS. I am accomplishing my object.
I want to open this subject, so that it shall be dis-
cussed. I want to see what our duty is in this
matter; and I, for one, want to do my duty, and
1 believe every Senator here, as well as myself,
wants to do his duty. I learn that this debt amounts,
as I have said, too. little over five hundred millions
of dollars. About these appropriations I know
nothing; but it is said they have been made. I
learn another fact; I learn "that the average inter-
est on that debt of $500,000,000 is less than five
per cent., about four and a half percent.; but call
it live per cent.: five per cent, on $500,000,000
would be $25,000,000. I assume for myself, for
my own Government, that the war is to go on,
and that we are to spend at the rate of $1,000,000
a day, and looking at the past, and at these fig-
ures, upon which 1 must re 1 y, 1 suppose that is a
large estimate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator where he gets his information that the aver-
age rate of interest is five per cent.
Mr. HARRIS. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury told me this week it was a little over four and
a half per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And how is that made
out? 1 can tell you in an instant. The debt is
not all yet a funded debt. No part of the debt
which is funded bears less than six per cent,
interest, except the $50,000,000 deposited in the
sub-Treasury at New York, under a bill we have
passed this session. Six per cent, is the lowest
rate of interest we pay; and on some portions of
the debt the interest is seven and three tenths per
cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are demand notes
without interest.
Mr. HARRIS. Of course, they are to betaken
into the account.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Maine will
not dispute the proposition I made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to tell you how it
is made out.
Mr. HARRIS. No matter if you do not have
to pay more interest. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I want the thingset
right. There is no profit in having any humbug
about it. We have got to meet things fairly in
the face, and tell the people just how they stand.
That is my way, and it is the proper way. I, of
couisc, have heard these stories about the debt for
the current year going up to a thousand or twelve
hundred millions; but that is all nonsense; there
is no foundation in any such statement. If you
take the interest on that which is absolutely fund-
ed, it is not and cannot be less than six per cent.;
but taking the whole debt together, that which is
and that which is not funded and that winch is
outstanding, and averaging the rate, it will be
brought down below six percent., of course; but
it has ail to be funded at some time, or else we
have got to stop.
Mr. HARRIS. I assume, Mr. President, that
our expenditures are to go on under the appropria-
tions that have been made, or will have to be made,
to the amount of $1,000,000 a day. In other
words, in order to satisfy my own judgment as to
what ought to be done in this great emergency, I
assume that our deb twill accumulate to the amount
of $1,000,000,000. That sum will satisfy, I ap-
prehend, the largest expectations of the Senator
from Maine. Call the debt $1,000,000,000; that
is enough, 1 know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When?
Mr. HARRIS. At the end of next year. What
then ? As the thing is going on now the interest,
at five per cent, on that debt, of $1,000,000,000,
will be $50,000,000. I am not making close cal-
culations, but I am endeavoring to satisfy my own
judgment as to what ought to be done in this great
emergency.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from New York
forgets that all the future indebtedness will have
to be on interest, unless you propose to increase
the amount of demand notes.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well, take it in that way.
The interest on the present $500,000,000, I as-
sume, notwithstanding what has been said, is less
than five per cent. I must take that, because the
Secretary of the Treasury gives it to me as the
fact. Then we have, say $25,000,000 of interest
to pay on that. Suppose we have to borrow
$500,000,000 more, when it comes to be funded,
at six per cent.: what would that make ? Thirty
millions more, or $55,000,000 altogether for in-
terest.
Now, I cannot, in any way that I have been
able to view the subject, make it out that we need
for the purposes of the Government more than
fifty or sixty millions of revenue, for I assume
that it is not the design of anybody—certainly if
is, I do not agree with it—that we should under-
take now to do more than to pay the current ex-
penses of the Government, to pay the interest on
our debt, and create a very moderate sinking fund.
No man, I apprehend, will bu so unwise, so mad,
I may say, as to undertake to pay by a tax like
this any part of the principal of the debt created
by this war. I am not for it, at any rate.
Sir, the people that I repiesent demand a tax
bill; I go with all my heart for a tax bill; but let
that people be satisfied that they are taxed under
