3406
THE C 0 N GEES SIGNAL GLOBE.
July IT,
Knight,Mav, Menzies, Morris, Pendleton, John S. Phelps,
Edward II. KoHins, Jatnos S. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sllella-
barser, Sliiel, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stratton, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Trowbridge, Wallace, Washburne, and
WickiifFe-—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldricli, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Bax-
ter, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffmton, Clements,
Colfax, Covode, Cutler, Duell, Dunn, Eliot, Fessenden,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley, Haight, Hale,
Hanehett, Hooper, Horton, Julian, Kelley, William Kel-
logg, Kerrigan, Lovejoy, Mcl'herson, Maynard, Mitchell,
Nixon, Olio, Patton, Timothy G. Piiolps, Pike, Porter,
PoUer, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Itice, Kiddle, Sargent,
Segar, Shanks, Sherman, Smith, Spauiding, John B.
Steele, Stevens, Francis Thomas, Tram, Van Horn, Ver-
ree, Wall, Walton, Webster, Albeit S. White, Wilson,
Windom, and Worcester—64.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; anil beingengrossed,itwas accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nnys on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aldricli, Arnold. Babbit!, Baxter, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, ISuiBnton, (.loli'ax, Covode,
Cutler, Ouell, Dunn, Eliot, Fessenden, Frank. Gooch,
Goodwin,Granger,Gurley, ilaiglit,Hale, Ilooper, Horton,
Julian, Kellev, Francis W. Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejoy,
MePtieisou, Maynuiil, Noell, Olin, Patton, Timothy G.
Pliolp*, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander II. Itiee, John 11.
It ice, Kiddie, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segai, Shanks, Sliennaii,
Smith, SpaiiKlmg, Stevens, Fiancis Thomas Tiam, Tum-
ble. Tjovvljiidge, Van Horn, Wall, Wallace, VValton, Wasli-
burne, Albert H. White, Wihon, Windom, and Worces-
ter— 62.
NAYS—William Allen, Ancoim, Ashley, Ilnily, Bcaman,
Middle, Jacob li. Blair, George II. Browne, Calvert. Clem-
ents, Fieileuck A. Cnnklmg, ltoscoe C'onkluig, Cox, Cut-
temlen, Dtinlap, Fislier, Fimkc, Gudei, Hall, Il.irdiug,
Hntcliins, Kerrigan, l.aw, Low, MeKniglit, May, Men'/.ies,
Mitchell, Moirls, l'endleton, John ri. l'helps, Edward (I.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sliellabareer, Sluel, William G.
Steele, 8lilc , Stialton, Benjamin 1. Thomas, and Wlck-
lifl'e—411.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was ugrecd to.
message prom tub president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicoi.w, his Private Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed nil
act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
change the namool'the steamship Coatzaeoalcos
to that of America; a joint resolution to amend
Bcctioii seventy-seven of the act to raise internal
revenue, &c.; and an act in relation to compen-
sation of members of Congress.
business on speaker's tablh,
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move to go to the business
on the Speaker's table, in order to take up joint
resolution S. No. 100, which it is requisite to nave
acted on nt this time, so as to prevent the sacrifice
of some public lands.
Mr. PtlELPy, of Missouri. What is it?
Mr. ST12VKNS. It is a resolution to postpone
the sale of some public lands.
The motion was agreed to.
The House proceeded to the business on the
Speaker's? table, and took up joint resolution S.
ISfo. 100, suspending the sale by sealed bids of the
lands of the Kansas and Sac and Fox Indians.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It directs that the sale of the lands of the
Kansas and Sac and Fox tribes of Indians, in the
State of Kansas, by sealed bids, be postponed till
the 4th of March, 1863, any treaty or law to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I demand tellers
on the third reading:. I suppose that this sale was
to take place by treaty stipulation, and before it
be postponed, the Indians ought to be consulted
about it.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Stevens and
Low were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 74, noes 19.
The resolution was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
W. POSTHOFF.
Mr. FENTON asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have taken from the files and referred
to the Court of Claims the papers in the case of F.
W. Posthoff.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask to take from the Speak-
er's table the President's message.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me for
a moment?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
aiirest of myers and tinsall.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States, if not
incompatible with the public service, communicate to tills
House, at its. next session, all the correspondence in refer-
ence to the arrest of Myers and Tinsall, a part of the ciew
ot the brig Suntler, at Tangiers, Morocco.
confiscation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now ask that the mes-
sages of the President on the Speaker's table be
read.
There being no objection, the Clerk read the
following message:
Fdlow-titizcnsof the Senateand
Ilouse of Representatives:
Con.^ideung the bill lor u An act to suppress insurrection,
to punish tieason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
piopeity of lebels, and tor other purposes," and the joint
resolution explanatory of said act, a^ being substantially
one, I have approved and signed both.
Jlcioie I was infoimed ot the resolution, 1 bad prepared
the diaft of a message, statins? objections to the bill becom-
ing a law, a copy ot which draft ia boipwith submitted.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
July 12, 1862.
[Copy.]
Fellow-Citizens of the House of Representatives :
I herewith return to your honoiabie body, in which it
originated, the bill for an act entitled "An act to suppiess
tieason and icbellion, to >,etze and confiscate the pioperty
of' rebels, and for other purposes," together with my objec-
tions to its becoming a law.
There is much in the bill to which I perceive no objec-
tion. ft is wholly prospective; and it touches neither per-
son or property of any loyal citizen, in which particular it
is just and proper.
The first and second sections provide for the conviction
and punishment of persons who shall be guilty of treason,
and poisons who shall "incite, set on foot, assist, or en-
gage in any rebellion or insurrection against the authority
ot the United State*, or tlu  laws thereof, or shall give aid
or comfort thereto, or shall engage in or give aid and com-
foit to any such existing lehellion or insurrection." By
fair const UK-1 ion, peisons within those sections are not pun-
ishnd without regular trials in duly constituted courts under
tin: t'otms and all the substantial provisions of law and the
Constitution applicable to their several cases-. To this I
perceive no objection; especially as suoli persona would
be within the general paidomng power, and also the special
provision for pardon and amnesty contained in tins act.
k is also provided that the slaves of persons convicted
under the«o sections shall be fiee. I think theie is an un-
fortunate Joim of expression, rather than a substantial ob-
jection, in this. It is startling to say that Congress can free
a slave within a State, and yet if it woie said the owner-
sin p of the slave had first been tiansferied to the nation,
and Oongiess bad then liberated him, the difficulty would
at once vanish. And this is the ienl ease. The traitor
against the General Government forfeit:# his slave at lca-t
as justlv as he does any othei property; and he forfeits both
to the Government against which he offends. The Gov-
ernment, f>o far as there can be ownership, thus owns the
forfeited slaves, and the question for Congress in regaid to
them is, " shall they be made free or sold to new mastois?"
1 perceive no objection loOoiigiess deciding in advance that
they --hall be ftee. To the high honor of Kentucky, as f
am infoimed, she is the owner of some slaves by escheat,
and has sold none, but liberated all. [ hope the same is tiue
of some other States. Indeed, I do not believe it will be
physically possible for the Geheial Government to lettnn
peison<5 ^o ehcunistanced to actual slavery. Ihelievethere
would be phj-iical icsistance to it, which could neithei be
tinned aside by aigumeiit nord'iven awavhy force. In this
view 1 have no objection to this feature of the bill. An-
other matter involved in tlie^e two sections and tunning
through other parts of the act will be noticed hereafter.
1 perceive no objections to the third and fourth sections.
So tar as I wish to notice the firth and sixth sections, they
may be consulted togcthei. That the entoicement of these
sections would do no injustice to the persons embraced
within them is elcai. That those who make a causeless
war should be compelled to pay the cost of it is too obvi-
ously ju^t to be called in question. To give governmental
pioteetion to the property of persons who have abandoned
it and gone on a crusade to overthrow that same Govern-
ment is absuid, if considered in the mere light ol justice.
The severest justice may not always be the best policy.
The principle of seizing and appiopriating the pioperty of
the person embraced within these sections is certainly
not very objectionable, hut a ju^tl) discriminating applica-
tion of it would be very difficult, and, to a great extent,
impossible. And would it not be wise to place a power of
remission somewhere, so that these persons may know they
have something to lose by persisting and something to gain
by desisting? I am not suie whether such power of re-
mission is or is not within section tbuteen. without apy
"special act of Congress, I think our military commanders,
when, in military'phrase, " they aro-withm the enemy's
country," should, in an orderly manner, seize and use what-
ever ot real or personal property may he necessaiy or con-
venient for their commands; at the same time preserving,
in some way, the evidence of what they do.
What I have said in regard to slaves white commenting
on the first and^second sections is applicable to the ninth,
with the difference that no provision is made in the whole
act for determining whether a particular individual slave
does or does not fall within the classes defined in that sec-
tion. He is to be free upon certain conditions; hut whether
those conditions do or do not pertain to him, no mode of
ascertaining is provided. This could be easily supplied.
To the tenth section 1 make no objection. The oath
therein required seems to be proper, and the remainder of
the section is substantially identical with a law already
existing.
The eleventh section simply assumes to confer discre-
tionary power upon the Executive. Without the law, I
have no hesitation to go as far in the direction indicated as
I ir\i\y at anytime deem expedient. And I am ready to say
now, I think it is proper tor our military commanders to em-
ploy, as laborers, as many persons of African descent as can
be used to advantage.
The twelfth and thirteenth sections are something better
than unobjectionable; and the fourteenth is entirely proper,
if all other parts of the act shall stand.
That to which I chiefly object pervades most part of the
act, but more distinctly appears in the first, second, seventh,
and eighth sections. It is the sum of those provisions which
results m the divesting of title forevei.
Foi the causes of treason and ingiedients of treason, not
amounting to the full crime, it declares forfeiture extending
bevond the lives of the guilty parties ; whereas the Consti-
tution of the United States declines that " no attainder of
treason shall work corruption of blood or forfeiture, except
during the life of the peison attainted." True, there is to be
no formal attainder in this case; still, I think the greater
puui&lnncnt cannot be constitutionally inflicted, in a differ-
ent form, for the same offense.
With great icspect I ain constrained to say 1 think this
feature ot the act is unconstitutional. It would not be diffi-
cult to modify it.
I may remark thai the provision of the Constitution, put
in language boirowcd ftom Gieat Britain, applies only in
this countiy, as 1 understand, to real or landed estate.
Ag-iin, this act, in rem. forfeits property tor the ingredi-
ents of treason without a conviction of the supposed crim-
inal, or a personal hearing given him in any proceeding.
That we may not touch propetty lying within our reach
because we cannot give personal notice to an owner who
is absent endeavoring to destroy the Government is cei-
tainly satisfactory. Still, the owner may not be thus en-
gaged; and i think a reasonable time should be piovided
fot such parties to appear and have personal hearings. Sim-
ilar provisions are not uncommon in connection with pro-
ceedings in rem.
For the reasons stated, I return the bill to the House in
which it originated.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the message
be laid on the table and printed, and on that mo-
tion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken; and the message was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, submitted a motion that
ten thousand extra copies of the message be
printed; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
presentation 05" the vanderbilt.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message:
Fellow citizens of the Senate and
House of Representatives :
I have inadvertently omitted so long to inform you that
in March last Mr. Cornelius Vanderlult, of New Yoik, gra-
tuitously presented to the United States the ocean steamer
Vanderbilt, by many esteemed the finest merchant ship in
the woild. She has ever since been and still is doing val-
uable service to the Government For the patriotic act in
making tins magnificent and valuable ptesent to the coun-
try, I recommend that some suitable acknowledgment be
made. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
July 17,1882.
On motion of Mr. Colfax, the message was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, with
leave to report at any time, and ,ordered to be
printed.
members of congress and contracts.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary, of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House of Representatives
of the 5th instant, calling fot* all evidence on file
in the War Department relative to the interest
of members of Congress in Government contracts
since the 1st of April, 1861, transmitting a copy
of acommunication on that subject heretofore sent
to the Senate, embodying all the information on
file in the Department; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be punted.
