1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2447
the present pressure of the times, the present de-
rangement of business, the present failures anions
our merchants, the presentinability of the manu-
facturers in many instances to sustain themselves;
let them understand that theyaro taxed more than
is necessary for the purposes of the Government,
and that Government will become odious in their
eyes, and no party can sustain itself at the com-
ing; elections if the peopie are made to believe that
they are taxed beyond what is necessary. I have
taken the pains to inquire from the chairman of
this committee as to the amount he expects to real-
ize from this taxbill,and he tells me £110,000,000.
That is too much. We do not need it, and the
people of tins country will see and feel that wc do
not need it. Now, I am for voting every dollar
that is necessary, and not a dollar beyond that.
We ought to look this thing in the face; see to
what wc are tending. If the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee will satisfy me that §110,000,000
are needed, I will go for it; but I will not go for
any tax beyond what is necessary,
Sir, this bill is going to operate oppressively on
the people I represent, more so than Senatoisare
apt to think; a gieat many men are going to be
thrown out of business through the operation of
this bill, if it passes in the shape in which itis now.
Mr. FESS£j\rD£N\ Before the Senator sits
down, 1 want to ask two or three questions.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly; I want to get at
this tiling.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator talks about
the ordinary expenses of the Government being
$65,000,000. Does that embrace the expense of
the Aimy and Navy?
Mr. HARRIS. Il 1ms included the regular
Aimy herctofoie.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The regular Army before
was about seventeen thousand men; the Navy
eompaiativcly nothing. Does the Senator sup-
pose that when this war is through, we are to re-
turn to that condition? We have already author-
ized a standing Army of forty-two thousand men,
or thereabouts, and nobody supposes we can get
along with less than fifty thousand men for some
yeais to come; and docs the Senator suppose we
are going to abandon our Navy ? For the ordinary
expenses of the Government, when it gets through
with this war, if we end it to-moriow, he may as
well add $50,000,000 to what he states as the or-
dinal y expenses. Ho talks about going back to
the old time. Nobody supposes we cart do it.
Let me give him another item of expenditure.
We pay all our soldieis by law, regular and vol-
unteer, $100 apiece bounty. The estimate now
that comes before us from the War Department
is predicated upon seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand men—seven hundred thousand in one item,
and fifty thousand in another. I do not think it
will fall much shoit of that. Then, there are
$75,000,000 for bounties atone. And what do you
suppose our pension list will be when this war is
over ? How many millions will be needed to meet
this additional chtfrge ? I merely give the Senator
these items, that he may consider them in his esti-
mates.
Mr. HARRIS. I have never doubted that when
this war closes, the expenses of this Government
will be much greater than they were befoie the
war began; but, sir, I cannotsee what that has to
do with the aigumeiit of this question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is predi-
cating his argument, as to the amount necessary
to be raised by taxation, on an estimate putting
the ordinary expenses of the Government at
$6.5,000,000 a year. His argument is that we are
raising too much. 1 am showing what he lias not
included m the sum.
Air. HARRIS. 1 do not suppose that the Sen-
ator from Maine ptoposes in tins bill to establish
a system whicii is to be applicable to the state of [
things that will exist after the war closes. I, for j
one, ceitainly am not willing to go into that mat- |
ter now. It will be time enough at the next ses- i
sion of Congress to provide for all that. I only I
want now to provide for present exigencies, that i
the Government shall not be embarrassed for tbe |
want of means; and if any Senator wants to go j
beyond that, he cannot have my vote. I will not !
vote anything that shall tend to the oppression of J
my State m H-feronce to what may be the fuiuse j
exigencies of tin* Government. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me remark to the Sen- j
ator that he is going on an entirely erroneous idea, j
Thia bill is predicated on the notion of what we ■
have to meet. The Secretary of the Treasury has
predicated his report on the idea that, to meet the
extraordinary expenses of the Government, we
must borrow, and that we must lay a tax to meet
the ordinary expenses of the Government, and
what they will be after the war closes.
Mr. HARRIS. Still, sir, I cannot see. I will
not press this matter further now, although I may
take occasion to say something more about it be-
fore the bill is disposed of. I have accomplished
my object. I have opened a subject that has borne
on my mind during thisdiscussion. I cannotsee
that it is necessary now to raise anything like the
amount calculated by this bill—$110,00i?,000. I
do not believe it is necessary. I believe that
$50,000,000 is all that we ought to vote now to raise
by a tax oil the people of this country; and I be-
lieve with $50,000,000 from internal taxes for the
present year we can get along. It is all the Govern-
ment will require this year. That is my convic-
tion. If it be necessary at the next session to vote
more, to increase taxation, I will go for it; I will
vote to tax the people to the utmost extent of their
ability; I will vote to tax them to the extent of
the entire property of the country. For myself,
I will surrender my last coat to save my country,
and I have no doubt the people of the country
generally are as loyal and patriotic as I am. I
will vote for anything that is necessary; but I do
not want to increase the embarrassment of the
people of the country—and it is unwise to insist
upon it—beyond what is absolutely required.
The chairman of the committee does not want to
raise money to pay the principal of this debt. All
we want now is to pay the interest and the cur-
rent expenses of Government. Why, then, shall
we raise $200,000,000, and raise it by this severe
operation under this bill'' I shall have occasion,
as the discussion of this hill proceeds, to refer no
doubt to several particulars in which it is going
to operate with tolerable severity upon individuals
in particular cases. I will not do so now. Itseems
to me that this bill contemplates an amount of
taxation which is entirely uncalled for and unrea-
sonable.
Mr.HALE. Mr. Pi csident,l do not propose to
occupy the floor but a moment. I want simply to
say to the Senator from New Yoi k, that I fall ex-
actly in that category which he denominates mad-
men. I am not willing to consent to go on running!
in debt, as we are, to the amount of $1,000,000 a !
day at least—nobody puts it lower than that— j
and then not tax the people any more than is |
necessary simply to pay the interest. That is a i
theory winch urns us in debt for our daily bread !
every day. It is said that while these extraordi- i
nary expenses aie going on, we are to make no 1
M>it of piovision for them by way of taxation. J
i I dissent from that entirely. I think it is the !
bounden duty of this Legislature to provide not 1
only for the current civil expenses and for them- j
teiest on the public debt but to appropriate some- i
thins;, though it be but a little, to meet the pnn- i
cipal of the debt. I think we should not be for i
putting the whole burden off, constantly increas- ]
mg the debt, and making no provision for it; and
therefore I hope that the tax bill will be so giad- i
uated, so prepaied, and so passed into a law that !
it will look not only to the payment of the inter- j
estof the public debt and to the payment of the ;
current civil expenses of the Government, but to {
a gradual reduction of the public debt, and that ;
we should begin now—not wait another day. j
Mr CHANDLER. I desire to ask the Sen- ;
ator from New Yoik if he did not vote at an early !
day in this session, deliberately vote, that we j
would raise a tax of£ld0,000,000 from all sources. ,
I did, and I believe the Senator fiom New York i
did. I think theie was not a single dissenting 1
\oice. What was the result of that vote? On the :
vei y day that that solemn pledge was given to the I
country and the world that we would impose a i
! tax of §150,000,000 from all sources, the six per I
I cent, bonds of the United States stood at ninety j
1 cents on the dollar in the city of New York, j
What lias been the effect of the pledge given by
; the Congress of the United Statesm the monetary ,
: circles of the world? To-day, under an expend- !
! iture of more than a million of dollars a day—for ;
| when you settle youi claims and your balances, i
you will find that you have not touched bottom
j with $1,000,000 a day, nor come near the bottom j
j —I say, under tins simple pledge m advance of i
) what you would do, your bonds have gone up j
i from ninety to above par, and are now sought for '
not only at home, but abroad. Now, you pro-
pose to violate that solemn pledge given to your
country and to the world, and what will be the
effect on your securities? Let Congress violate
that pledge, and you will see^your bonds to-mor-
row not only not worth one hundred and four and
a half, but you will see them below eighty-five if
you impose a tax of but $50,000,000.
Sir, what would be the result of this skin-flint
policy? To-day your coin is going abroad by
thousands and hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The world abroad does not believe your simple
asseveration that you would impose a tax, but
the people of this Union do, and consequently
they themselves have carried your hoods from
ninety to one hundred and four and a half, but the
world does not take them. Impose your tax, carry
out your solemn pledge, and you will see your
bonds eagerly sought for in the moneyed centers
of the world. Instead of your gold goingahroad
at the rate of a million or a million'and a half a
week, two weeks after you have imposed that tax
you will see your bonds going out at the rate of
ten and twenty, and one hundred millions, and
gold coming in. Your Treasury will be replen-
ished from abroad.
1 hope wc shall not only carry out this pledge
which we have given; but I care not if we exceed
it. How much we exceed the simple interest of
the debt, and how much we exceed the daily ex-
penditures, I do not care. The Senator said the
interest on $500,000,000 at five per cent, was
$25,000,000. Will he tell me how much money
we have borrowed at five per cent ? -lean tell him
that we have borrowed just $40,000,000, and no
more at that rate; and on the most of the balance
we aie paying seven and three tenths; and seven
and three tenths per cent, on §500,000,000 is some-
thing more than $25,000,000; 1 believe, instead of
$25,000,000, it is $35,000,000. Thank God, under
the pledge you have given to the country and to
the worid that you will-raise $150,000,000, yon
are now able to borrow money at six per cent.,
instead of seven and three tenths, and you are
to-day reaping the reward of your pledge of good
faith; and now are you going to violate it? I trust
not, and I do not believe you will.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Michigan
ha-5 wrought himself into a state of some excite-
ment with refeience to a theory that he has made
me to propose here. 1 am quite aware of the
pledge this Government gave to raise $150,000,000,
and 1 am not disposed to violote. it. I will vote
for a tax in some shape or other form that shall
redeem that pledge. I did say that a debt, as I
understand it, of $1,000,000,000, would require
but about $50,000,000 to pay the interest on it. I
did not say that I did not want to raise more than
$50,000,000. What I said was that the chairman
of the Committee on Finance had informed me
that the estimate was that this bill, in the shapem
which it is now, would produce a revenue of
$110,000,000, and I thought that was too much. 1
think so now. The $150,000,000 pledge does not
require so much as that, by any manner of means.
The Senator from Michigan, therefore, need not
have worked himself up to so much excitement
to demolish a theory which he assumed that I had
put foi th here that vve were to violate that pledge,
i am as much in favor of keeping pledges as the
Senator from Michigan, and when he finds me
voting to violate a pledge he may call me to ac-
count for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I thought he stated that $50,000,000 was
enough to laise.
Mr. HARRIS. Fifty millions is enough to
pay interest on the debt to accrue this year.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understood the Senator
to say that a tax of $50,000,000 was quite suffi-
cient.
Mr. McDOUGALL addressed the Senate upon
the general subject, and in explanation of the
substitute presented by him. [IIis speech will be
published m the Appendix.]
Mr. SHERMAN rose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am not e;oi)ig to pro-
gress any further now. I am somewhat fatigued.
When the gentleman from Ohio gets through
with talking about corn—he is crying corn, corn,
corn—1 shall have something to say upon tiiat
subject, but I believe I will allow him to exhaust
himself on that subject.
Mr. TRUMBUEL. If the Senator will give
way, I will move to adjourn.
