1488
THE OOJSTGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
April 1.
held in shares by fifty or a hundred shareholders,
and one man tells you heo wns $100,000 of its stock,
and another $90,000, and so on. Thatis thekind
of stock which we are asked now to exempt from
taxation, and its value isall derived from advertise-
ments, and not from circulation. 1 think, there-
fore, there is no reason on earth why there should
be any relaxation of this tax. We have cut it
down from five to three per cent., and I think that
low enough; indeed, I feel almost provoked, since
this opposition is manifested,to propose to make
it seven per cent. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman, as I cannot
oppose the amendment of the chairman of the
ways and Means Committee, I move to amend
the amendment pro forma, so as to provide that
the section shall not take effect until the recipro-
city treaty with Great Britain expires. [Laugh-
ter.] I believe that amendment was first intro-
duced here to other sections by the Committee of
Ways and Means. I am glad that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means has made
the speech which he has, although the last part of
it, in whichT he said that, for the sake of retalia-
tion, he thought of proposing to raise the tax to
seven per cent., I know is not in accordancc with
his sense of justice. Here all of us must be al-
lowed to make our suggestions frankly and in good
faith, without being retaliated on. Nor need I
allude to the bygone postal controversy, which
only proves that I can oppose the press when I
think it wrong, as well as stand by it when I
think it is right.
The gentleman says that in England they raise
a large amount of revenue by this tax. 1 thank
him for reminding me of the fact, to which I for-
got to allude in my hurried fivc-minute speech
when I was up before, that England, which looks
all over her dominions to seek objects of taxation
from which to collect revenue, did originally have
a tax upon newspapers, upon advertisements, and
upon printing paper, arrd what was the result?
Why, although they are overloaded with debt and
it is constantly increasing, and although they have
to look to every source of revenue to meet their
expenses, yet the experience of that people has
been that these taxes operated as a tax upon
knowledge, and instead of reducing them to the
amount that we are willing to bear hero in com-
pany with all other professions, they abolished
them altogether. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken in supposing that they still exist there.
As I said before, we are contcnt to bear this
tax of three percent.adua/omjionprinting paper,
and when the gentleman says that the Committee
of Ways and Means reduced that tax last week
in the section referring to it, he forgets the fact
that in the West printing paper costs about eleven
cents by the pound, and in the eastern cities only
about nine cents per pound, and that when he
changed the tax to three per cent, ad valorem, he
required us of the West to pay a higher tax on
printing paper than wc should have done under
the original proposition of three mills a pound on
printing paper. We are willing, however, to pay
that, and we arc willing also to pay the income
tax and the tax upon telegraphic messages; but
we think that this other tax ought not to be im-
posed.
Let us look at the experience of England in
relation to this matter. Fiom 3712 to 1855 she
laid a stamp tax on newspapers, and the public
judgment of the country finally rose up and
wiped it out. From the{astcentury down to 1853,
she laid a tax upon advertisements, so that the
poor woman could not advertise in the London
Times for a situation as housemaid wtthoutpay-
ing a tax on that advertisement; and at last, in
1853, the public judgment of the country wiped
that out, too, and no man now stands up in all
England and asks that it shall be restored. They
had a tax on printing paper, but last year they
completed the work by wiping that out, too,and
at this hour, although England is the worst taxed
nation in the world, everything relating to news-
papers is free there.
Mr. STEVENS. When the tax was taken off
printing paper, it was taken off all paper.
Mr. COLFAX. That is true; I grant that. A
stamp tax only partially remains for postal pur-
poses. Newspapers can, if they choose, have a
stamp put on, which operates as a prepayment of
postage throughout Great Britain; but when the
papers are not intended to circulate through the
mails, they have to pay no stamp tax whatever.
All these taxes have been abolished in England,
and the English press is to-day free. I might
stand up here and say that after this experience,
lasting through a century, the newspapers of this
country ought to be treated similarly. T do not
do it. I say, on the contrary, that they ought to
bear a part of this burden; but after you have taxed
them at the commencement and close of their bus-
iness, first on paper and then on income, and again
intermediately on telegraphic messages, you ought
not to compel them to pay an additional tax upon
one special class of their customers. Having said
thus much in reply to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I will not further trouble the committee,
and I withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment. The section, I suppose, as the Committee
of Ways and Means insists on it, will not be
stricken out; but I hope, with the facts I have
stated, it will at least be materially modified before
it is passed.
Mr. HUTCHINS. In order to perfect the sec-
tion and make it more in accordance with the
views of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
move to amend, by inserting the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That the tax on advertisements may be col-
lected by newspaper owners ot those who advertise, any
custom, law, or contract to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. SARGENT. That is in the bill now.
Mr. COLFAX. The committee have got that
in the right form m the section as it now stands.
Mr. Hutchins's amendment to theamendment
was rejected.
Mr. Stevens's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Colfax's motion
to strike out the entire section.
Mr. WALTON, of "Vermont. Before the ques-
tion is taken on that motion, I move to strikeout
the words " orshould accrue," in the seventeenth
line. That amendment is necessary in order to
make the whole section consistent with an amend-
ment which has been already adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I move to add at the end of the
section the following proviso:
Provided, That ali ne\v«papeis that have been or shall
be aiburarily and unconstitutionally denied tlie use of the
mail* be exempted lioni the tax provided by this section.
Mr. BLAIvE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, after the word " mails," the
words " for their disloyalty to the Government."
Mr. WOOD. That would include abolition
papers, and we do not desire that. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAKE. I could add another amendment
providing that the editors of those papers shall
be hung. [Renewed laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Only one amendment to
an amendment can be offered at a time.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the first syllable in the word
" unconstitutionallyso that the amendment
will read, " arbitrarily and constitutionally." I
move that in good faith.
The amendmentto the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 move to amend the amendment
by stukmg out the word " arbitrarily. "
Theamendment to the amendment was adopted
Mr. HUTCHINS. I now move to insert in-
stead of the word " arbitrarily," just stricken
out, the word "properly."
Theamendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend theamend-
ment by adding to it the words, "and that the
Attorney Genera! of the United States be directed
to prosecute the editors and proprietors of said
papers."
Mr, VALLANDIGHAM. That would reach
a good many of your friends before long.
Mr NOBLE. I raise the question of order,
that the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is not germane to the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I admit, if the question of
order is raised, that it is not in order for this Gov-
ernment to punish traitors, and therefore I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "shall be
exempted from the operations of (his tax," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words " shall be re-
quired to pay ten per cent."
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
The question recurred on the amendment as
adopted.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. All this is going
into the Globe, and will read very well, by and by.
A Member. I ask that the amendment, as
amended, be read.
The amendment, as amended, was read, as fol-
lows:
Provided, That all newspapeis that have been or shall be
properly and constitutionally denied the use of the mails on
account of disloyalty, be lequired to pay a tax of ten per
cent.
Mr. VERREE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding, "and should the proprietor of
such a paper prove to be a member of Congress,
that he be expelled from the House."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I believe it requires
a vote of two thirds to carry that amendment. I
propose that it shall be voted on accordingly.
Mr. COLFAX, I raise the point of order that
the amendment is not in order. I do not desire
to resist the amendment; but certainly it is a mat-
ter which must be done in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The amendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
to amend the section so as to make the tax pay-
able quarterly instead of monthly.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
to amend by striking out, in the fourteenth and
fifteenth lines, the words, "within thirty days
after the end of each and every month."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. LOOMIS. I move to amend by striking
out the word "monthly," in the twenty-sixth
line, and inserting in lieu thereof the word " quar-
terly."
The amendment was adopted.
The section, as thus amended, reads:
Sec. s3, jind beit fiothcr enactcd, That, on and after the
1st day of May next, there thai! be Jevied, collected, and
paid, by any person or persons, linn, or company, publish-
ing any newspaper, magazine, review, or othci liteiaiy,
scientific, oi news publication, issued periodically, on the
gioss leneipts received oi cbatgrd. foi ali advertisements*,
oi ali matters for the insertion of which in said newspaper
or othci publication as aloiet-aid, oi in extias, supplements,
sheets, or fly-lea vet* accompanying the same, pay is inquired
or received, a duty of five per cent.; and the per-ou or per-
sons, firm oi company, owning, possessing, or having the
eaie or management of any and every such newspaper or
other publication, as afoie^aid, shall make a list or letum
quaiterly, commencing as hetetofore mentioned, contain-
ing the gross amount of leceipts or charges, as aforesaid,
and the amount ot" duties which have accrued or should
acciue thereon, and render the same to the assistant as-
sessor of the respective district5, where such newspaper,
magazine, review, or other literary or news publication is or
may be published, which list or return shall have annexed
a deelaiation, under oath oi affirmation, to be made ae-
coidtng to the manner and foim winch may he fiom time to
tune piescribed by t?ie Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
of the owner, possessor, or person having the care or man-
agement of such newspaper, magazine, leview, or other
publication, as aforesaid, that the same is true and eonect,
and shall also, quaiterly, and at the lime of making said
list or return, pay to the collector, &c.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to
amend, by adding at the end of the section the
following proviso:
Provided, Tnat all newspapeis whose circulation does
not exceed two thousand copies shall be exempted fiom ail
taxc!> on advertisement'*.
I hope that if the section be retained, this amend-
ment will be adopted. I believe that the tax on
advertisements would destroy every small news-
paper in the country. We need them. It is im-
possible for us to get along without one paper at
each county seat. In all the western States many
of the county towns are new, and papers having
a circulation of six or seven hund red are compelled
to publish advertisements very cheaply. A good
deal has been said as to taxing every class in so-
ciety. It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, thatin this
case not only is the printer taxed, but the com-
munity is taxed. We want newspapers. We want
them cheap. We will need the influence of all the
newspapers in the country to defend this law and
explain it to the people; and it is not well for us
to impose an onerous tax on those whom we ex-
pect to do what they can m defense of this measure,
which is necessary for the salvation of the Govern-
ment. I hope that this tax on advertisements will
not be imposed at all; or if it be, that the country
