1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
cannot say; but whatever humanity, justice, and
the salvation of our country js3ia.ll demand, I shall
be ready to yield, and most cheerfully. At pres-
ent, as I have shown, the step proposed is de-
manded by absolute necessity as well as duly, and
forced upon us by our enemy. Others are ready
to go further, and demand higher and still more
determined policy, such as universal emancipa-
tion. However much I might desire such a re-
sult, and believe our country would be far better
off without any portion of its soil being cursed
with the foot and sweat of a slave, still I would
not without their approbation sttike at the Union
men of the slave States who are struggling with
us for victory over a common foe, and unless some
wise and humane policy could be adopted with
their cooperation, as there ought to be, to accom-
plish the result desired. When the hour comes,
however, that the salvation of our country, the
land of our fathers, where their ashes rest, shall
demand any other step not now required to be
taken, we should be as ready to take it as to do
any other manifest duty. When that hour does
come, if ever, I have hopes that all loyal men in
free and slave States will see eye to eye, and be
ready then, as now, to stand side by side in the
great work of the preservation of our national life.
In the mean time let us do om duty; pass this
and other nccessary legislation; demand of the
Government, in all its executive branches, to ex-
ecute and meet the demands of the loyal people,
as reflected by such legislation; and then, with
our hearty cooperation and faithful support, stand
by that Government to the last. There is no other
channel through which we can operate with bafety,
and no other medium so direct and powerful that
we can use to accomplish our purpose. By this I
would sanction no wrong, or apologize for. no im-
becility that may exist; but, in the name of justice
and our country, demand the strictest economy, the
highest patriotism, and the most faithful integiity
in every branch of the public service. Every ap-
propriation of means, eveiy contract for public ser-
vice, if necessary, I would follow as we are now
doing with committees of investigation, and hold
every officer of the Government to the stiictest
accountability. Whereever it might fall, I would
open before the world every species of fraud and
corruption; and 1 would punish as traitors to their
counti y, and as a crime against humanity, every
scoundrel found in high places or in low, and
every specics of corruption until the whole field of
our public service should be purified as by fire.
With the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Wadsworth] we will stand by the Union, and
stand by die war. We aie no friends to peace
until rebellion is subdued, and the land purified of
treason. By Kentucky New York will stand ; by
her, if needs be, she will fall in the struggle; with
her she will pour out her blood like water, so long
as she makes the Union her first and only object,
and docs not blinginto the struggle asa condition
of her loyalty to the Union, the pieservauon of
negro slavery, when it stands directly m the way
of the preservation of the Union. The Union fust,
and not slavery.. If any lower position than this
be taken, then we fight each otherinstead of fight-
ing with each other, and the sooner the line is
drawn the better. Kentucky need not build up
hopes upon a divided North, for we cannot be di-
vided. On every question that affects-this great
struggle for life we stand together. Present to the
loyal people of the free States on the one hand the
preservation of the Union, a speedy termination
of the war, the return of their loyal citizens from
the field of blood and death to the peaceful avo-
cations of industrial pursuits, and the use of the
means I have suggested as an instrumentality in
bringing about this end; and then, upon the other
hand, utter hopelessness of success within a rea-
sonable time, bankruptcy, endless taxation, and
extreme doubt as to final success, and i advertise
my friend from Kentucky that theie will be no
division and no hesitation as to their duty. The
Union must stand, and everything that comes be-
tween it and its salvation must perish. [A Voice.
" Good."] The fiat has gone forth from the loyal
people of the free States, and I hope the time will
soon come when Kentucky and all the bordei slave
States will assume the Name patriotic position.
To accomplish this divine purpose let the land
be baptized with fire and blood if necessary, but
first let us strip our enemy of his power to strug-
gle against us as we are able, confiscate all his
property, free all his slaves, and thus save us the
horrois of a long and disastrous struggle. Why
should not Kentucky be witli us in so patriotic a
work? Not a hair of a loyal man would be touched,
but all would be protected in their rights, and they
speedily be relieved from the direful scourge that
now* by day and by night threatens their destruc-
tion. With great unanimity we propose to tax the
loyal people of the country to the extent of the last
dollar of personal and real property they possess,
if necessary to save the country; and which wfc
clearly have the right to do for the public defense,
according to all the authorities laid down worthy
of consideiation, and so ably stated by the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingiiam;] also
to call upon them for their first-born, to demand
of them to yield up the very hearthstone itself, and
all its dear and hallowed memories; but you must
not touch a single dollar of rebel property by way
of confiscating it to the uses of the Government in
crushing outrcbcliion,or lay ahand upon the slave
of a rebel, to free him, when he is found m our
camps, or used to support and give life to the ter-
rible struggle made against us and the Union.
Has it come to this, that the energies of Gov-
ernment must be used and the powers granted in
the Constitution exercised to wring from the loyal
and the good such great sacrifices to relieve the
wicked and rebellious? Has Government degen-
erated to this low and barbarous standard, and
is there no quickening, elevating, and ennobling
power that can infuse into it new vigor and cause
it to rise to a higher life and be inspired with a
nobler purpose ? Must the patriotic and the good
bringallto the altar of their country and then offer
themselves up as a willing sacrifice for the salva-
tion of the nation's life if demanded, which weall
admit; and shall the property of our enemy be
spared and his " human chattels" sent back and
kept in their bondage so that our saciifices may
be increased? This question, so ably stated in
another form by the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,! 'las not been answered, and
can only be answered by yielding the point in con-
troversy.
Sir, to this wicked, suicidal, traitorous doctrine
the free loyal people of this country will never
submit; the thundersof Almighty wrath willshat-
terand blast our hopes if we pursue such a course.
Jn the name of humanity and justice I protest
against it,and demand a betterand a wiser policy.
Mr. MENZIE8 obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. MALLOLIY, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Blair, of Missouri, rc-
poited that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly th<~> Military Academy appropriation bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, informing the House
that they had passed House bill Nu. 107, entitled
"An act authorizing an increase of the clerical
force m the War and Navy Departments;" and
also House bill No. 165, entitled " An actmaking
ail appropriation for completing the defenses of
Washington," severally, with amendments, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the President of the United States
had notified the Senate of his approval of Senate
bill No. 164, entitled ''An act to authorize the
Piesident to appoint two additional Assistant Sec-
retaries of War."
And then, on motion of Mr. SHEFFIELD, the
House (at four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 24, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION,
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the
16th instant, calling for his opinion as to whether
the ships Alabama, at the Portsmouth navy-yard,
and the Virginia, at the Charlestown navy-yard,
may be with profit to the public service taken to
pieces, and the material, or such part thereof as
may prove valuable for that purpose, be used m
the construction of new vessels or the repair of
old ones; which, on motion of Mr. Hale, was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk,announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 243) provid-
ing for the appointment of light-house inspectors,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced thattheSpeaker
of the House had signed an enrolled joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 34) authorizing certain officers of the
Navy to accept presents offered by the Japanese
Government; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President.
PETITION.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of citizens
of New Sharon, Franklin county, Maine, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from New
Sharon to Farmington, in that county; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of J. H. Merrill, of
Washington, District of Columbia, praying (hat
he may be remunerated for money and time spent
in the public service, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Frances Ann
McCauley, widow of Daniel S. McCauley, late
consul general at Alexandria, in Egypt, praying
compensation for certain judicial duties performed
by her husband undci the act of August 11,1848,
asked to be discharged from its further consideia-
tion; which was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 154)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government forthe yearending the 30th of
June, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1862, reported it
with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
171) establishing two bureaus in theNavy Depart-
ment; which was read twice by its title, and re*
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S No. 172)
to revive the charters of certain banks in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I desire to say,
in connection with the introduction of the bill,
that I have not even read it; I have introduced it
at the instance of a citizen of this District and
without committing myself to nny of its provis-
ions. I move that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
STENOGRAPHER TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WADEsubmitted the following resolution;
which was referied to the Committee to Auditand
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That the joint committee on the conduct of the
pic^ent war be authorized to employ a stenographer, who
shall be paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate at the
same rate of compensation as that leceived by the report-
ers of the Congressional Globe.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
J-jouse hnd passed a bill (No. 247) for the relief
of William Y. Strong; in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
