1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
last month I introduced a resolution calling for a
correspondence which was supposed to have taken
place between the Secretary of State and ex-Pres-
ident Pierce, That resolution has been responded
to, and the correspondence is now on the tables
of Senators; but in looking over it I find that one
of.the material letters, so regarded by Mr. Pierce's
fri'ends,is omitted in the return made by the Sec-
retary of State. I know of no means by which I
can get that communication before this body and
the country, except by availing myself of the
privilege which I hold here as a Senator, of read-
ingthe last response of Mr. Pierce to Mr. Seward
to the Senate, that it may go upon the record.
The Senate will find, by glancing at the printed
correspondence, that the first communication of
the Secretary to Mr. Pierce is dated on the 20th
day of December, 1861. The response of Mr.
Pierce to Mr. Seward is dated on the 24th day of
December, 1861, Andover, Massachusetts. To
that communication Mr. Seward makes a reply
dated the 30th of December of the same year.
The answer of ex-President Pierce to this letter
of Mr. Seward's does not appear among these
papers. The letter of Mr. Seward to Mr. Piorce
is a very short one; I will read it to the Senate,
as probably all the Senators may not have had
time to glance over it:
Washington, December 30, 38G1.
My Dear Sir: An injuriousaspsiMOii oii>oui lairtame
and loyalty c;une imo my hand*. Although it vva< in an
anonymous letter, the wiiter was detected, and subse-
quently avowed tin* authorship. The document must be-
come a pail or'the history of the tunes.
J desired that you might know how your name was made
use of by a traitor to increase the treason lie was encoui-
aging. Unable to prepare a note to you personally, I de-
volved the duty on the chief cloik ot this Doparrmcm. The
manner in which it was done ha-  given you off.-nse. I re-
gret if, and apologize lor it with the only excuse I can make,
namely, tiie iM.'Cu-&ify of employing .mother head to do what
ought to be done, and which f had not time to do per-
sonally.
T pl.tce your answer on the files of the Department of
State, a-* an act of justice to yourself. And I beg you to be
assured that all the uukiudness of that answer does not in
the least diminish the satisfaction with which I have per-
formed, in the best way I was able, a public duty, with a
desire to render you a service.
I am, with great respect, vour obedient servant,
VV. II. s.
Franklin Pierce.
It may be proper to state that, adopting the foim of ad-
dress to ox-Presidents of the United States u->ed by the late
Mr. Webster, I have invariably left off all titles ol address,
as being lopecti'uL
To that Mr. Pierce replied, as follows:
Concord, New Hampshire, January 7, 1862.
Dear Sir: J have the honor to acknowledge the recep-
tion ol your letter of the 30th ultimo.
It could hatdlv have stnpiised \ou to learn that X (ailed !
to diMrovei m vour offiej.il note a desne to lender me a <-er- j
vice. You will excuse me if I regard even the suggestion
from, a source so eminent that I am a member oj a sccrel
league, the object of u hick is tooverthroio this Government,"
ns rather too giavc to hove been pent off with <ii> Utile con-
sideration a-? a note of rebuke might have been addressed
to a delinquent clerk of one of the Departments.
The wnter of the anonymous letter, it t-eoms " was de-
tected, and subsequently avowed the autnorshipand yet
I am not advised whether he disavows refeiencc to me, or
whether there was an attempt to inculpate me in his dis-
closure. These were the only facts connected with him,
his treason, or his confession at all mateual for me to know.
I suppose I am left to infer the latter, because, although my
name does not appear in the " cxtract,"' to which mv atten-
tion was particularly called, you ^nlUtate that an aspersion
upon my " tan fame and loyalty" eamc into vour hands.
I think you will, upon reflection, arrive at the conclusion
that the whole giound upon which the allegation is repeated
should, as a simple act of justice, have been placed befoie
me.
It was not the manner of your official note, as you seem
to suppose, nor any form of address, which awakened on
my part a deep sense of wrong. These, whatever they may
have been, were not woithy ot serious notice. The. sub-
stance was what f intended, as courteously as I could, but
very distinctly, to repel.
X am, veiy respectfully, vour obedient servant,
FitANKLIN PIERCE.
Hon. XV. H. Seward,
Secretary oj State, Washington > D. C.
This is the letter to which I referred, omitted
by the clerk who prepared this communication
for the Secretary of State. It is not my purpose
to say that the honorable Secretary of State would
do an act of this kind intentionally. This letter
and the printed correspondence will show the
country how great a calumny has been uttered
against one of our most distinguished citizens.
Mr. President, I am now done with this subject;
but before 1 close, out of justice to a large number
of respectable gentlemen in the State of Michigan
who have forwarded communications to me, I feel
it my duty to state to the Senate that I have been
urgently pressed to introduce a resolution for the
appointment of a committee to investigate the facts
relative to this so-called order of Knights of the
Golden Circle. These gentlemen, one or two of
whom have occupied places of great prominence
in our country and filled offices of high distinc-
tion, distinctly allege that so far as the State of
Michigan is concerned there is not, in their belief,
an order in existence,that it is a mere creation of
the brain, and that they feel it due to the good people
of that State to have an investigation; but this is
not within my province, and I have quite enough
to do to attend to the interests of my constituents.
1 would cheerfully vote for such a resolution, and
might give my time and service in ferreting out
any secret organization which has for its object
disloyalty, or the overthrowing of our Govern-
ment; yet, sir, I cannot with my sense of duty to
my own constituents bring forward and father a
measure of that kind which would necessarily
consume more time than I could possibly give. 1
feel that this statement is proper and due to the
distinguished gentlemen whose communications
lie upon my table, as well as to myself.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolution, which
had heretofore received the signature of the
Speaker of the Houf-c of Representatives:
A bill (S. No. 120) in addition to "An act to
refund and remit the duties on arms imported by
States," approved July 10, 1861;
A bill (vS. No. 244) to provide for the equitable
settlementof the accounts of the officers and crews
of the frigate Congress, and other vessels;
A bill (H. R. No. 318) to prohibitthe allowance
or payment of pensions to the children of officers
and soldiers of the war of the Revolution; and
A joint resolution ([-I. R. No. 49) for the ap-
pointment of Theodore D. Woolsey, of Connec-
ticut, a regent of the Smithsonian Institution, in
the place of Cornelius C. Felton, deceased.
' " "^EW COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. LATHAM presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a new collection district, to be called
the district of Humboldt, with a port of entry at
Eureka, and ports of delivery at Tiinidad and
Crescent City; which were ordered to be printed,
and lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That A. U. Jones and II. M. C. Brown have
leave to wnhdiaw their petition and papers.
FLOYD ACCEPTANCES.
Mr. TEN EYCK submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Se.cretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate what diatts were diavvn by Russell, Ma-
jors, and Wuddell,oi other parties, on the War Depaitment,
and accepted by John B. Floyd, late Secretary of War, and
then amounts le^peetively, lor transportation orfor money
therealtei to become due, and what is the amount of such
acceptance^ now outstanding and unpaid, and to commu-
nicate to the Senate any other facts in the possession of the
Depaitment ro-pecting saiddrafts and acceptances, and the
circumstances uudei which the same were made.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, returned, in com-
pliance with a request of the Senate, the bill (H.
it. No. 318) to prohibit the allowance or payment
of pensions to the children of officers and soldiers
of the war of the Revolution.
INDIAN ESTIMATES.
Mr. BOOLITTLE. T have received from the
Secretary of the Interior some additional estimates
made by that Department for the defraying of the
expenses of Indian affairs. As the estimates are
quite large, and cover very numerous items, I
desire to have the paper printed, and the accom-
panying documents I also desire to have printed,
as they contain many facts that will be of interest
and necessary to be examined in passing on the
various questions that will bo raised on these
additional estimates. The gross amount of the
additional estimates is about one million four hun-
dred thousand or one million five hundred thou-
sand dollars. There are, among these papers, two
documents of considerable interest, winch have
reference to the abstracted Indian bonds; and one !
question arises, whether the Government of the
United States, the bonds having been abstracted,
stolen by our own agents, should not be liable
properly to the Indians for the payment of the
interest upon the bonds.
In presenting these special estimates, I move
that they be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. BOOLITTLE. 1 move that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
BARK JTJRGEN LORENTZEN.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 248)
reported from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions—a bill for the relief of the owners, officers,
and crew of the Danish bark Jurgen Lorentzen.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, it pro-
vides for the payment to the order of the proper
functionary of the Government of his Majesty the
King of Denmark, of the sum of $1,850, as full
compensation to the owners of the Danish bark
Jurgen Lorentzen, or their legal representatives,
for damages occasioned by reason of the wrong-
ful seizure and detention of ihe bark by the Morn-
ing Light, a vessel of the United States blockading
squadron, in the month of December last, and also
as full compensation to the master, mate, and crew
of the said baik. The sum is to be distributed
agreeably to the award of Moses Taylor and H.
Dollner, Esqs., to whom the claim was referred.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AID TO TIIE STATES IN EMANCIPATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the House joint
resolution 111 regard to furnishing aid to States who
may wish to emancipate their slaves.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(tl. R. No. 48) declaring that Cong ress ought to
cooperate with, affording pecuniary aid to, any
Slate which may adopt the gradual abolishment
of slavery.
Mr. SHERMAN. I design to address some
remarks to the Senate upon the bill relating to the
District of Columbia, and the class of measures
of which this is one; but if itis the pleasure of the
Senate 1 will say what I have to say upon this
resolution, or I will wait until the other comes up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the gentleman will
consult his own convenience. It will be quite as
agreeable to me if he will make his remarks upon
this resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator from Ohio
will permit me, I wish to offer an amendment be-
fore this resolution is put upon it passage, because
I wish a distinct declaration of opinion as to
whether the Constitution of the United States con-
fers upon the United States the authority to give
the aid which is recommended by the President.
I therefore, before the Senator from Ohio pro-
ceeds, propose the following amendment, to come
in after the last word in the resolution:
It being hereby declaied that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States docs riot give to the United Stated authority so
to cooperate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
take leave to state to the Senate the position of the
question as appears from the record. This resolu-
tion was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
and no amendment was made to it. Some amend-
ments were rejected. It was reported to the Senate,
when the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hender-
son] renewed an amendment which had been of-
fered and rejected in Committee of the "Whole.
The question pending before the Senate now is
upon the amendment moved by the Senator from
Missouri. Does the Senator from Delaware move
an amendment to that amendment?
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir. I will offer my
amendment at another time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate then is on the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Missouri.
The amendment of Mr. Henderson is to add
to the resolution the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to imply a willingness on tho part of Congress that
any of the States now composing the Union shall be per-
muted to withdraw peinianently their allegiance to the
