468
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
January 24,
had passed the following bill and joint resolution
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 99) to provide for the protection
of overland emigrants to California, Oregon, and
Washington Territory;
A joint resolution (No. 35) for payment of the
expenses of (he joint committee of Congress ap-
pointed to inquire into the conduct of the war.
The message further announced that the House
had receded from its first amendment to the bill
of the Senate (No. 107) authorizing an increase of
the clerical force in the War and Navy Depart-
ments, disagreed to by the Senate.
EXPENSES OF VAN WYCK COMMITTEE.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. 11. No.
238) to pay the expenses of the special committee
of the House of Representatives, appointed July
8, 1861, to ascertain and report in regard to con-
tracts with any department of the Government for
provisions, supplies, transportation, &c., have di-
rected me to report it back with an amendment;
and as there will probably be no objection to it,
I ask the Senate to act upon it at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which appropriates the sum of $10,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, to pay
the expenses of the special committee of the House
of Representatives, appointed on the 8ih of July,
186L, to ascertain and report in regard to contracts
made with any Department of the Government
for provisions, supplies, transportation, &c.; the
money to be drawn from the Treasury by the
Serjeant-at-Arms of the House of Representa-
tives, who is dhected to pay the expenses nf the
committee, under the approval and direction of its
chairman.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
is to strike out the last clause of the bill in the
following words:
The said amount to he drawn from tlie Treasury by the
Sergeant-iii-\iins ot the House ot Repie<em:uivp*, who i*
hereby directed to pay the expt'iis-e'- oi the s-mk! committee,
under tlie approval and direction of its chunmun.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And said sum fchall bo drawn fiotn the Ticai-nty upon
the order ot the Scrgeatit-at-Arms of the House of Repte-
sentatives, as the same shall he rcquned fiom time totime
by tlie committee having such investigation in charge.
The amendment <vas agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in,and ordered
to be engtossed, and the bill to he read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives announcing that the
House had concurred in the amendment of the
Seriate to the bill (LI. R. No. 938) to pay tlie ex-
penses of the special committee of the House of
Representatives, appointed July 8, 1801, to ascer-
tain and repoit in regard to contracts with any
department of the Government for provisions,
supplies, transportation, &c.
SENATOR FROM MISSOURI.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to present the cre-
dentials of Robert "Wilson, a Senator appointed
by the acting Governor of Missoui i, arid ask, with
the permission of the Senate, that he may be
allowed to take the oath,and admitted toa seat m
this body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The credentials
will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Slate vf MUsoui i, to wit :
Waldo P. Johnson, who chosen United States fc?en-
atoi hom this State in put>uanceot tlie Constitution of tlie
United States ot Ameiica, having been expelled theiefroin
by the action ot' that bodv dunng the i ccci*> of the Gencial
Assembly of the State, 1," VVillaid P. Hall, acting Governor
ot the State of Missouii, have theiefoie thought fit to ap-
point Ilobeit Wil-on to til! the vacancy.
■ fL s.l Given muter my hand, and the seal of tlie State of
*• ' 'J Missouri, this 17th day ot Januar\, 1862.
WILLARD P. HALL.
By the Acting Governor:
M. Oliver, Secretary of State.
Mr. WILKINSON". Before any further pro-
ceedings be had m tins case, I move that the cre-
dentials,together with certain other evidence that
I have before mo, be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, as was done with the case of the
Senator from Oregon, Mr. Stark. Some matters
have come to my notice, which, if true, would
certainly require the Senate to pause before this
gentleman is allowed to take the oath of office. I
have seen the report of a public meeting, which
was held somewhere in the western part of Mis-
souri, in which Mr. Wilson, the present appointee
to this seat, took part, and acted upon a com-
mittee which introduced a series of resolutions,
two of which I will read:
"4. Resolved, That we the people here assembled hereby
c]#;clare our feeling and sympathies to be with the South,
and tor the protection of southern institutions.
"5. Resolved, That we condemn as inhuman and diaboli-
cal the war now being waged by the General Government
against the South."
This meeting was held about the 1st of May,
after the attack upon Fort Sumter, and after the
southern rebellion had been fully organized, and
their armies had been brought into the field against
the General Government. It appears from the
accounts of this meeting that this gentleman was
one of the committee who reported this series of
resolutions. I do not know whether it is true or
not. If true, it is susceptible of proof, direct,
positive proof. I cannot consent that any gen-
tleman who has participated in a public meeting
which adopted and acted upon a committee which
introduced resolutions like these, condemning as
inhuman«and diabolical the present war, shall be
permitted to take the oath as a Senator of the
United States. I therefore move that the case be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary for its
investigation.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me to
have a paper or two read? I will state, though,
that I am instructed by General Wilson to say that
he presided at that meeting; that the meeting was
called simply to raise a company of home guards;
that tho.se resolutions were drawn up by a com-
mittee without his knowledge or appi bbation; that
he never signed the proceedings of the committee
or of the meeting1, nor ever gave any sanction
whatever to those resolutions. I ask that this
paper may be read; it is signed by his colleagues
in the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Memorandum of facts in relation to General R. Wilson.
Genei.il I'obur WiNon was a member of the Legislature
ot AIi^souu which act'-d in conceit with Governor Jackson
m involving Mirsouu in the lebelhon. Ho voted against,
and opposed all its acts conti ibating to involve Missouri in
the rebellion. He was elected to the State convention,and
in that convention acted with the Union men. lie *o far
gained the confidence of that body that at its second ses-
sion, held in July, aftei deposing the ongmal piesident,
Steiling Price, he was made president of the convention.
Under the depressing influence of the disaster at Manassas,
he voted for depo-mg Governor Jackson and the Legisla-
ture, and establishing a piovisional government devoted to
The Union, and foi the repeal of all acts passed by the .Legis-
lature contributing to the rebellion.
At the last session of the convention, held in October, he
voted for an efficient organization of the State militia,
pledging the crcdit of the State for $2,000,000 to put down
the rebellion. He aho voted to depose every civil officer
in the State who would not icnew his oath to suppoit the
Constitution ot the United States.
Foi hi- zeal on behalf of the Government of the United
States he has exposed himself to pei>onal danger, and has
been at times compelled to absent lums>eif troin his home
to escape violence.
The-se faet<< are known to most, if not all, of the mem-
ben fiom Missouii, and can be. if neeessaiy. established
by them. WILLIAM A. HALL,
JAMES ROLLINS,
JOilN W. XOELL,
THOMAS L. PRICE.
Mr. DAVIS. J now ask to have a communi-
cation from General Wilson to myself read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Washington, January 23,1863.
Sir: In asking you to pte^ent my eredentiaUto the Sen-
ate a9 a Senator fiom Mib«.ouii, I desne yon to say lor me
that certain peis-or^, for what reasons I know not, have
made insinuations against my fidelity to the Government of
the United States, which arc calculated and designed to in-
jure me in the estimation of Seratoi-*, at a tunc when the
Stare government ot Mi.-somi need-; all the mtiuence it is
po-sible foi it to obtain in the national council-. 1 deem
it theiefore piopei, as well in justice to myself to the
State government that send-? me here, to ask the Senate to
eau*.e a thorough investigation of the subject. I desiie
that Senau>i8,<u> well as the couutij, may be satisfied with
niv fidelity to the Constitution and the Union.
Respectfully, yoiu obedient servant,
R. WILSOX.
Hon. Gaurctt Davis, Se.iator, §c.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to any
investigation that any individual or any Senator
may desire to make m this matter; but 1 should
be very sorry to haveany prejudice got up against
Mr. Wilson by the reading of any newspaper
statements. I know Mr. Wilson very well. He
lives within twenty miles of my home. I know
that he has suffered enough to be a good Union
man. I should be very sorry indeed if any prej-
udice in regard to him or his right to take a seat
should be entertained here from the reading of
any account in a newspaper. 1 hope that preju-
dice in regard to his case may not obtain.
Mr. CLARK. Can you vouch for him?
Mr. POMEROY. I know he sustains the repu-
tation of being a good Union man, so good that
during the troubles theie he has frequently been
obliged,in order to get home, to go around through
Iowa. He has been hunted asagood many ofthe
rest of us have been, and he ought to be a good
Union man, and I believe he is. I think his case
should not be prejudiced by the reading of any
of these statements, unless the Senate desire an
investigation, and have a committee appointed
to look into all these cases alike. I am satisfied
there is no investigation that will hurt Mr. Wil-
son.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am glad now that I made
the motion, because it has elicited some informa-
tion that I did not have before. I am perfectly
satisfied so far as I am concerned, and I withdraw
the motion that I made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
present himself to have the eath administered to
him.
The oath prescribed by law was administered to
Mr. Wilson, and he took his seat in the Senate.
INDIAN ACCOUNTS IN UTAH.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 112) to authorize a
change of appropriation for the payment of ne-
cessary expenditures in the service of the United
States for Indian affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. As origin-
ally introduced by Mr. McDougall, it provided
that the unexpended balance of the appropriation
made by the act to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th June, 1860, approved May 24,1860,
for the payment of the Indian agents in Utah,
upon settlement of their accounts, should be ap-
plied to the payment of any other just demands
and expenditures for the service of the Indian
bureau, in the affairs of Utah, when the accounts
should be adjusted and settled according to law
in the proper department.
The Committee on Indian Affairs proposed, as
an amendment, to strike out the entire bill after
the enacting clause, and insert, in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and is hereby, an-
thonzed to pay to "benjamin Davis late superintendent of
Indian affairs tor the Territory of Utah, such sums as may
be, found due to him on the settlement of his accounts as
superintendent, said payment not to exceed the sum of
§9,730 10, and which shall be paid ont of the unexpended
balance of the appropriation made by the act entitled An
act to supply deficiencies in the appropriation for the .ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending 30th June, I860,3' approved
May 24,1860, for the paymentof the Indian agents in Utah.
Mr. NESMITH. I move the adoption of the
amendment reported by the committee, and I will
make a very brief statement on the subject. It
seems that Mr. Davis was superintendent of In-
dian affairs in Utah at a time when a change of
Administration occurred, and he made necessary
expenditures which have not been reimbursed.
His accounts have been adjusted at the Depart-
ment, and the amount named in the amendment is
found to be due him. He is now paying ten per
cent, per annum on this amount. The accounts
have all passed the Department, and it appears by
the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and of the Secretary of the Interior, both of which
are on file with the bill, that they recommended
this appropriation in the terms of the original bill,
which transferred $15,000 of an unexpended bal-
ance of appropriation to the Indian department
for the settlement of outstanding liabilities. The
Committee on Indian Affairs were averse to trans-
ferring the whole amount; they did not desire to
transfer any more than was shown by the report
ofthe Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to be absolutely necessary
for the liquidation ofthe exact amount found due
to Mr. Davis, and consequently they imported this
amendmentprovidmgfor the transfer of $9,730 10,
which is to be paid out of the unexpended balance
of the appropriation for tlie paj'inont of Indian
agents in Utah, made by theactof May 24,1860,
leaving a balance of abou t five thousand dollars not
