2450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
hands, the exertion of his own muscles, his own
sinews, taxing it three per cent., or thirty per
cent., or any other rate, you say that this, which
is the clean profit of capital invested, shall only
pay fifty per cent, as much as the other kinds of
income. I cannot see the justice of it, and I can-
not see the policy of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator's argument
might be good if our bonds had been at par, and
were now at par, in the market. Twelve months
ago we were in a scrape. Our bonds were,I think,
at that time at eighty-four or eighty-five. We are
now, as a nation, in this position: instead of ne-
gotiating our bonds at that low figure of eighty-
four one year ago, we came temporarily into the
market as borrowers, at a high rate of interest.
We borrowed two or three hundred millions at
seven aiid three tenths per cent., and, as I under-
stood the chairman of the Committee on Finance
to say, under a pledge that no tax should be levied
on these bonds. Am I correct in that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand, when we
passed the last income tax, we put in a clause that
had reference to these publicsecurities,thatthetax
shguld be one half what it was on other securities.
Mr. SIMMONS. One and a half per cent.
The tax on some is five, and on some three.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then 1 understand the tax
on public securities was fixed at one and a half
per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. One and a half per cent, was
the tax paid on these securities where the income
was over $600.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. Very well. That was the
inducement held out to the people of the United
States to take these public securities. Instead of
negotiating twenty years bonds we made a tem-
porary loan, a three years loan,at a very high rate
of interest, expecting before the matuiity of that
temporary loan to be able to negotiate for a per-
manent loan at a better rate. The consequence
is, we have no long-dated bonds now negotiated.
We now come into the market to borrow to-day
$500,000,000, offering our six per cent, bonds. I
ask theSenator from Wisconsin whether he thinks
it is for the interest of this Government to pro-
claim in advance that they will tax this loan of
$600,000,000, which he admits will amount to
§1,000,000,000 before the end of the year—that we
will tax that loan ad libitum. If we can tax it one
and a half per cent, or three per cent, this year,
we may tax it five the next year, and ten the next
year, and so on ?
I believe it to be for the interest of this Govern-
ment—not for the benefit of moneyed men, not for
the benefit of rich men, not for the benefit of mon-
eyed institutions, but for the benefit of this Govern-
ment—to proclaim in advance that we never will
lax these bonds. I believe we shall receive the quid
pro quo now, to-day, or whenever we negotiate. It
is for our inteiest, not for the interest of moneyed
institutions, to offei these bonds. Here is the best
secuiity in the world, and we offer them to the
won'd, and we proclaim to the world if you take
these bonds they shall never be taxed. I believe
wc should realize more to-day or to-morrow or
this year or next year for these bonds by that
course, than if we were now to impose a tax of
one and a half or three or five or any other per
cent. These bonds are negotiable. \Vc are the
negotiators. They are not in the hands of third
parties. We have to borrow for our daily wants.
We have to bin row for the two or three hundred
millions of temporary loan that we have already
issued, and for our present necessities; and I claim
that we should certainly not increase the amount
that wp agreed fo levy on those bonds twelve
months ago. For my pait, being somewhat con-
versant with monetary transactions, I declare that
I believe it to be for the interest of the Govern-
ment to proclaim in advance that there shall never
be a tax of any sort, kind, or description, upon
these bonds which we are now offering to the
woild in such immense quantities.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Piesident, it is my boast
that i am not at all acquainted with monetary ;
affairs; but I have seen some moneyed men; I have 1
met litem under <\ great many different circum-
stances, and m a great many different places, and '
they have impressed me with the conviction that '
they are smart, decidedly smart. If you refuse i
to tax the income or the interest on these bonds
as you tax other interest or other income, the as-
sumption is that your bonds will sell higher.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the fact.
Mr. HOWE. The fact is, says the Senator,
that they will sen higher. Do not let us divide
upon questions of fact unless it is absolutely ne-
cessary. If they will sell for more than enough
to compensate the discount you make on the tax-
ation, the Senatcu* from Michigan is right; but
then your bill is wrong; for instead of taxing them
one and one half per cent., according to the theory
suggested to me by the Senator from Michigan,
you should not tax them at alt, and you should
proclaim, not by a mere law which is repealable,
but by a compact which is irrepcalable, that you
will never tax them. If his theory is correct, the
bill is wrong; but in my humble judgment both the
theory of the Senator and the bill are wrong. I
say, 1 have found these men possessing money
generally to be smart, and they know how to in-
vest. When you sell land you do not proclaim
that you never will tax it. When you sell any
other kind of property, you do not proclaim that
you never will tax it. When any man buys stock
of any kind, of anybody, he knows he purchases
subject to the right of every Government within
whose jurisdiction he may be to levy taxes on him
whenever they see fit, and he takes it upon that
condition, subjcct to that iisle. Your bonds will
be sold. You knowit; every Senator here knows
it; and as I said when I was on the floor before,
if a man has §1,000, or any other sum, to invest
in Government stocks, he invests, knowing that
he must pay any tax the Government see fit to
impose; for he knows that wherever else his
money may be it will be subject to taxation, if the
Government calls upon him for taxes for purposes
of revenue,and he may as well pay it in one shape
as another. Put your bonds in market in compe-
tition with others; that is what you mustdo. Let
men have the option of buying them in preference
to other property. You have sold bonds hereto-
fore. You have sold your securities on very
favorable terms. The men who have invested in
the securities of the United States have realized
profits. While wc arc true to the great interests
of the United States, the men who do invest money
in your securities will make good investments.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator give way to a
motion to adjourn?
Mr. HOWE. In one moment I will give way
to any kind of a motion. Always, I say, while
we are true to the interests of this country, the
men who invest money in the securities of the
United States will make the best possible invest-
ments. No other investments will be so remu-
nerative. From the fate which befell a motion of
the kind I now make, in July last, I have but very
little hope of carrying this amendment; but 1 have
deemed it my duty to propose it, and I have deemed
it my duty to ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin to withdraw the demand for the
yeas and nays, and take the question in the Sen-
ate, as was done in the former ease. I think that
would be better.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator from
Wisconsin,although he is generally very correct,
is not absolutely so about some investments that
have been made within the last three or four years
in securities of the United States. I think the
securities we negotiated in the fall of 1860 were
taken at a premium, and it was not more than two
or three months when South Carolina flared up,
and they fell about fifteen per cent. I remember
that vicissitude in the trade in Government stocks.
I know it was extraordinary; but it shows that
it does not always hold good that the investment
pays a profit.
The proposition to exempt the stocks of the
United States from some portion of the income
tax was suggested to me when I was upon a se-
lect committee nearly a year ago that arranged
the bill of last summer; and I agreed to it after
looking at the income tax of other countries and
knowing a little about the current of these invest-
ments. I keep a little run, in a quiet kind of way,
of who takes these securities. I know that the
securities of the Government of the United States,
when we were in a little trouble, were not taken
by the men of wealth. In our little community I
was astonished that the men who had spare money
did not invest in them. They were taken by the
banks of the country rather from patriotic motives,
and I hardly ever knew a corporation to exercise
any such feelings before. They got together and
stimulated each other to invest, as the Govern-
ment was rather hard up. It is well known that
the bank officers met in convention and agreed to
take §50,000,000 at a time, of Government stocks
at par, when you could not sell them at anything
like that out of doors. The Providence-banks
sent to New York ajid bid for part of the loan, as
I happened to know; and I was told that the sub-
scriptions last fall to the national loan, or the agree-
ment to take the stock, were very moderate indeed
on the part of the men of immense wealth. They
did not come up; they did not take nearly as
much as the little folks took, according to what
they had to take with. I have sometimes said,
in reference to questions of industry, that it made
a great deal of difference to any business pursuit to
have the countenance of the Government. It stim-
ulates them; it encourages them; they like to feel
as if they were favorably looked upon by the
Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will give
way, I will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no; we have not a quo-
rum here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot help that. The
vote will show who is here.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we may go on and
have the bill reported to the Senate to-night. That
is all the Senator from Maine desires.
Mr. GRIMES and others. There are several
amendments yet to be offered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Dixon, Ilairis,
King, Powell, Simmons, Sumner, Tiutnbuil, Wade, and
Wilmot—II.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Davis, Doolittle, Fes-
sendeii, Foot, Foster, Gume*, Ilale, Hurlan, Howard,
llowe, Lnne of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mc-
Rougall, Morn!), Sherman, Ten Eyek, Willey, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wright—92.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
fuses to adjourn; but the vote discloses the want
of a quorum.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Scrgeant-at-Arms
be directed to notify absent members of the Sen-
ate that their presence is required here in the body
in order to constitute a quorum of the body, that
it may proceed with the public business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that motion will
not be adopted. We shall only spend an hour or
two waiting and doingnothing while the Sergeant-
at-Arms is hunting up Senators to make a quorum.
By this struggle to accommodate the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, who seems to be very
desirous to press the bill to a vote to-night, we
only spite ourselves. I have no feeling about it;
I can stay here, if a majority of the Senate think
it advisable; but I have befoie frequently seen
these attempts to send for men, and never in a
single instance, where the Senate has undertaken
to send for individual members and get them in,
do 1 remember any business to have been done.
It has always resulted at last in an adjournment.
I hope the Senate will not adopt that proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should not say a word
now but for a remark which was made by the
Senator from Illinois, that all this was to accom-
modate the Senator from Maine, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance.. I do not know that
the Senator from Maine has any more interest in
the public business than anybody else. I do not
claim to have any more. It so happens, however,
that I am placed m a position where I am obliged
to have charge of a very important bill. I have sup-
posed that it was very important to the interests of
the country that we should get through with it. It
is no accommodation to me to stay here. 1 do not
presume to have more physical strength and en-
durance than any other member of the body; and
what I have said to the Senate with reference to
the bili, and my desire to get through with it, was
prompted cntiiely by my deep and strong convic-
tion, from my little knowledge of it,that the pub-
lic business required that this bill should be fin-
ished very .soon. We have been upon it now for
ten days. I therefore gave notice yesterday that
I should ask that the bill might be considered
longer than usual to-day.
Mr. WADE. Will the gentleman allow me?
