1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
transferred remaining to the credit of the original
fund. I trust the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS. \
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now take up for consideration biil No. 89, fixing
the circuits of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. CARLILE. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, I should be glad if the Senate,
would now take up the resolution which I sub-
mitted some days ago, and which I desire to have j
before the Committee on Finance. It is a part of
the unfinished business of the morning hour, and
would come up in its order but for the motion of
the Senator from Illinois. It will consume but a
few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Virginia will not picss that now. It is important
that this bill should be passed. It has been de-
layed some two weeks, on the suggestion of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who now will not
persist in any opposition to it, and I think we can
pass it during the morning hour, if we get it up.
Mr. WADE. I think that bill ought to come
up. The courts and the people in the Northwest
arc anxious that it shall be disposed of as soon as
possible.
Tiie motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 89) to amend the act of
the 3d of March, 1837, entitled "An act supple-
mentary to the act entitled * An act to amend the
judicial system of the United States,'" the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Wade to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate agreed to
the amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, which was to strike out the first section
of the original bill in the following words:
Tliat hereaftei the fifth circuit shall bo composed of the
districts of the State oi Alabama, of the State of Louisiana,
oi the SState ol Mississippi, ot the Stateol Aikan&as,nnd oi
the State of Texas ; the &ixtli cncuit shall be composed of
the distiicts of the State ot North Carolina, of the State of
South Carolina, of the State of Georgia, and of the State of
Floiida ; the seventh cncuit shall be coiupos-ed of the dis-
tricts oi the State ol Ohio, of the State of Indiana, and of
the State of Michigan ; the ninth circuit thall be com posed
of the distiicts of the State of Illinois, ol the State of Wis-
consin, of the State ol Minnesota, of the State of Iowa, and
ot the State of Kansas ; the cncuit comts in the di*tnct«
of the Stales ol Alabama, Loui&mmi. Mi-*>i&>ippt, Aikantas,
North Caiohna, South Caiohna, Geoigia, Ohio, Indiana,
Michigan, nnd Illinois, shall be holder) at the same times i
and place!? as are now pi escribed by law: the circuit coutts
m the districts ot tlie States of Texas, Floiida, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, Iowa, and Kansas, shall be hohleu at the >ame
times and places as aie now picseribcd by law loi holding
the di^tiiet eoints m each of t-aid States ie?pictivrly. Be-
foic the fust day ot Febin,iry next the jn-tu'es of the Su-
pieme Com t of "the United States, or a majorny of them,
bhall allot the&evural cucuits among the justices of the said
COUit.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That hcicafterthe districts of Maryland, DcJawau*, Vir-
ginia and Noitii Caiohna, shall constitute the fouith cncuit ;
the di.-tiicts of South Caiohna, Geoigia, Alabama, Missis-
sippi and Floiida, sliaii constitute the filth cncuir; the dis-
tiicts of Louisiana, Texa^, Aikan^as and Tennessee, «ball
constitute the sixth ciicuit; the distiicts of Ohio and Ken-
tucky shall constitute the seventh circuit; the dwtiiets of
Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota, shall < disu-
nite, the eighth cncuit; the distiicts of Illinois, Mi-^oim,
Kansas and Iowa, shall eoii'tuute the ninth circuit; and
the cncuit courts in the disri icts heretofore Included wniun
an> cncuit of the United States, which by tbi- act are at-
tached to a diffeient circuit, shall beheld at the same times
and plaees as aie now pieseribed by law, and the circuit
courts in diMiirts which by this act are foi the first time at-
tached to ciiruit^ cliai! be held at the same tunes and plaees
as are now prcscubcd bylaw for holding the distuct eouif<
in said distiicts. The allotment of their chief justice and
the associate justices of the paid Supreme Couit to the &ev-
cial ciicuit* shall be made us heretofore.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred upon agreeing to the amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment in the seventh line, by inserting the word
" Kentucky:'' in the eighth line, by striking out
" Kentucky " and inserting " Michiganand m
the ninth and tenth lines, by striking out " Michi-
gan" and inserting 44 Illinois;3* and sinking out
tc and Minnesota;" and in the eleventh line, by
inserting " Minnesota." It will then read:
" The distiicts ofLouisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Kentucky,
and Tennessee, shall constitute the sixth circuit"—
That would be Judge Catron's circuit, leaving I
him, as matters now are, circuit judge for Ken-
tucky, the only State in which he is probably able
now to hold court—
"The distiicts of Ohio and Michigan shall constitute the
seventh circuit; the districts of Indiana, Illinois, and Wis-
consin shall constitute the eighth ciicuit; the districts of
Missouri, Kansas, Iowa, and Minnesota shall constitute the
ninth ciicuit."
1 suppose that it is known to almost everybody
that the State of Ohio furnishes almost twice as
much business for the courts of the United States
as any other of the northwestern States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Illinois furnishes more
than Ohio.
Mr. WADE. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a controversy between
two Senators behind me on that subject. They
have both got litigation enough; their population is
sufficiently litigious, I have no doubt. [Laughter.]
But I have understood that there was morn busi-
ness in the United States courts in Ohio than in
either of the other northwestern States. It is pro-
posed, by my amendment, to add the State ot
Michigan, with apopulation of some eightor nine
hundred thousand, to Ohio, and make them one
circuit, with a total population of 3,088,711. Then
it is proposed to put Indiana, Illinois, and Wis-
consin, into one circuit, with a population of
3,838,5G7; and then the four States west of the Mis-
sissippi river, Missouri, Iowa, Kansas, and Min-
nesota, with a population of 2,156,397. It is true
these four large States would embrace a much
smaller population than any other circuit in the
United States; butit must be remembered that the
circuit will be composed of four States that are in-
creasing in their population very rapidly. In the
State in which I live, there arc now three separate
and distinct districts, each furnishing a consid-
erable amount of business. The population of
these four States is rapidly increasing, and, con-
sequently, the business will rapidly increase.
There is another reason why they should be put
together. These Slates have adopted a different
system of pleading from the other States, with
which it has been proposed to unite them. They
have their code simplified. The old systems of
practice are dispensed with, and the system that
they have adopted is nearly uniform. I therefore
hope that my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This whole subject
at the beginning of the session was referred to the
Judiciary Cqmnnttee, and after investigation they
reported a bill which, in my opinion, cannot be
improved by any amendment. The circuit pro-
posed by that bill, composed of Indiana, Michi-
gan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, is perfectly sat-
isfactory to every Representative from the State
of Indiana, so far as i know, in both Houses. It
is a fair apportionment of the business and pop-
ulation of ail the districts, and I hope the bill will
be passed precisely as the Judiciary Committee
reported it. I think there is no good objection to
it. They have investigated the subject matuiely,
and it seems to mc it is but proper to take their
proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator fiom
Iowa.
Mr. HOWE. That amendment is new tome,
and, I confess, it does not stnke me at present
favorably. If I understand it correctly, it puts the
States of Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin into the
same circuit. My belief—it is not founded upon
any very accurate knowledge—is, that either the
State of Illinois or the State of Wisconsin fur-
nishes more litigation to the United States courts
than either the State of Michigan or the State of
Ohio. I have no sort of question but that the
State of Illinois does, and I think the State of Wis-
consin does. The business of the district court
in that State is really very heavy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cleveland furnishes a great
. deal of business on the lake to the Federal courts
m Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. I know it does: but we have a
lake on the eastern border of Wisconsin, and a
navigable river, a large and impoitant river, on
the western bolder, and a heavy commerce upon
both. It seems to me that the circuit thus pro-
posed by the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa is disproportioned to the others in point of
population, and very much disproportioned to the
others in point of business. It ought to be borne
in mind, also, that neither of these States has yet
attained its growth; they are still growing as well
as populous States. I confess that my present
opinion is that the bill as reported by the com-
lYiittce is very much to be preferred to the bill as
it will stand if thcamendmentof the Senator from
Iowa be adopted. 1 shall be compelled to vote -
against the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I wish to correct a statement
made by the Senator from Wisconsin as to the
amount of business in the United States courts in
my State compared with his. According to an
official document before me, there were seven hun-
dred and nineteen cases disposed of in the north-
ern district of Ohio and sixteen hundred and forty
in the southern district; and there were left undis-
posed of one hundred and eighteen in the northern
and two hundred and ninety-nine in the southern
district.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand the Senator.
Mr. WADE. I take these figures from an offi-
cial statement called out by a resolution of the
Senate a year or two ago that is on file, and which
I have had transcribed. In Wisconsin during the
same period there were oniy sixty-eight cases in
the United States courts. The fact is, there is no
comparison at all between the two. Probably
there is ten times as much business in the United
States courts in Ohio as in those courts in Wis-
consin.
I have but little to say about the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa. It is an arrangemexitthat
I believe the Senators from the country northwest
of the Ohio river pretty generally concur in. Look-
ing at the business and the population of those
States, I think most of the Senators from that region
agreethatthecircuitsshouldbethusarranged. Ido
not believe it can very well be bettered. Itis true
that the most western circuit under this arrange-
ment will not have so large a population as some
of the other circuits; but then it comprises a large
extent of country; the judge will have to travel an
immense distance to hold his courts, and that will
be equivalent to the disposition of a vast amount
of business in States that lie more compact. These
States are filling up with population much faster
than the other States northwest of the Ohio river.
I think, therefore, itis a very good disposition to
make of the subject, and yet I am not very tena-
cious aboutit. 1 do not believe any other arrange-
ment will be likely to suit the members of the Sen-
ate or the people better than that suggested by the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Did I understand the
Senator from Ohio to say that the Senators from
the Northwest have sanctioned this amendment?
Mr. WADE. I did not say that; but I said I
thought more of them would concur in that than
in any other arrangement. I know it does not
suit all.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Here are Indianaand
Illinois, both certainly in the Northwest, and both
against the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Those arc the two States that he proposes to put
together.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Grimes.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, (when his name
was called.) I was not in the Senate when this
proposition was offered, and know nothing of its
merits. I ask,therefore, to be excused from voting.
The question being put, the Senator was ex-
cused.
The result was announced—yeas 13, nays 24;
as follows:
YEAS—Mo^rs. Anthony, Oiatk, ressenden, Foster,
Grime*. Hale, Harlan, Howard. Sumner, Wade, Wilkin-
son, VYihnnt.and Wilson of lYIa^sachu-iette—13.
NAYri—Messrs*. Bright, Ihowium?, Cathie, Collamer,
Cowan, Davi-5, Dixon, Donhttle, Foot. Ham*, Howe, Ken-
nedy, Lane of Indiana, La ham, McDougall, Nesmith,
Pcaicc, I'omeiov, Powell, liiee, fc?<iulsburyj Sheinian.Ten
Eyck, and Trumbull—'21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordeied to be engrossed for a third reading;
and it was read the third time, and passed.
