1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2458
so many men as are reported here, in my judg-
ment. One or two States exceed it, and some of
them I am confident fall somewhat short. They
report, in the aggregate, 75 cavalry regiments,
71,536 men; I think that is seven or eight thou-
sand too many men; and 17 artillery regiments,
19,477 men; G04 infantry regiments, 508,745 men.
They make, in the aggregate, 696 regiments and
599,758 men. They then have batteries and some
other companies amounting to 168 companies of
i7,896* men, which aggregated together 617,654
men. There are besides five regiments author-
ized for the State of Tennessee of which no returns
have been made, and they arc now being filled up.
Under the bill if we pass it they will be able to
fill up to seven hundred thousand men if they
choose. I presume we have something like five
hundred thousand effective men in the field, but
we have an immense number of men at home on
leave, or sick m the hospitals, 1 think not less
than seventy-five or one hundred thousand men.
It is very important that this bill should be acted
upon this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
what the necessity is of giving a bounty or a pre-
mium of two dollars for enlistments into the vol-
unteer service. It has never been applied to vol-
unteers before, and there is no sort of necessity
for it. We had precisely the same thing here in
another shape, with regard to paying bounty, be-
fore, but it was foundto be entirely unnecessary.
When it was moved to raise the pay of the Army
two dollars a month, or four dollars a month, it
was stated there was great difficulty in getting
recruits, in getting men to go into the Army; but
the fact was that there was no difficulty at all;
more men offered than the Government wanted;
and yet we saddled the country with a very heavy
expense, without consideration. Can the Sena-
tor say that there has been difficulty or delay, or
is likely to be any, in getting men enough to serve
without our having to pay two dollars to a man
for every recruit he brings to the station ? In the
regulars it is necessary; and filling up the regular
foices has been delayed from the want of this very
provision, and from the fact that the House de-
lays the provision for paying twenty-fivedoilars of
the bounty in advance, which would cost us noth-
ing, so far as they are concerned, but would add
very lapidly to the facility of recruiting. I am
opposed to that provision of the bill, and I should
like to look at it a little further. There can cer-
tainly be no such terrible haste about passing it
to-day. I beg to say to my honorable friend that
this talk about the terrible haste with which we
must pass bills here has been found heietofore on
examination to amount to nothing, and worse than
nothing, because it has led us into errors of ex-
penditure, and I am opposed to the whole of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Maine opposes the application to volunteeis
of the bounty of two dollars for each recruit. If
the Senator desires to .strike out that provision
which extends it to recruits in the volunteer ser-
vice, I shall not resist it. I put in the provision
at the urgentand pressing request of the Secretary
of War and the President of the United States,
who sent for me to leave the Senate yesterday, i
went up to see them in regard to this very matter,
and in regard to the allowance of a month's pay
to soldiers in advance. I can teil the Senator tnat
the filling up of the ranks of the service is not
proceeding so lapidiy at this time as it might be.
The Senator alludes to the increase of pay last
summer. When last summer we passed the bill
increasing the pay, this city had but thirty-two
thousand men for its defense, and there was no
general joining of the ranks for five or six weeks.
It was after Bull Run; it was at a time when we
had sent home seventy thousand three months
men, who went home complaining of very hard j
service. For six weeks after that bill was passed,
this Government was pressing through the Gov-
ernors of States and in other modes for the rais-
ing of more men, and men weie not raised for
months as fast as was desired. That increase of
two dollars a month did stimulate the filling up of
the ranks of the service, and in my judgment
thirteen dollars a month is none too much to pay
our soldiers.
1 now present a plain and simple provision to
pay two dollats for every recruit, either in the
regulars or volunteers. We repealed the two dol-
lars bounty in regard to the regulars some time ago,
and it is found to be injurious to the filling up of
the ranks. We passed here, some months since,
a bill that now lingers in the House of Represent-
atives, repealing the act that took away the two
dollars bounty. Now, if the Senator thinks it is
not necessary to apply that to the volunteers, I am
willing to amend the provision, and say it shall
simply apply to the regulars. But I hope we shall
retain the provision allowing one month's advance
pay to the men on their regiment being mustered
into service, so as to let them have something to
leave with their families; and, asageneral rule,a
month's pay will have been earned in that time.
It will have been earned in nineteen cases out of
twenty, because nineteen men out of twenty will
be mustered into service, will have been in their
regiments a month before their regiments can be
made completely full and sent into the service.
All experience shows that it takes six or seven
weeks on an average to fill up and bring our reg-
iments into the field; and this is an encouragement
and it is a little aid to a man who joins the ser-
vice, and allows him a month's pay to leave a
portion of it for his family. The Government are
very anxious that this should be passed through,
and passed at once. I said to them we could not
get it through yesterday if we hurried it here, for
the reason that the House of Representatives had
adjourned, but I thought we could get it through
this morning without any difficulty.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts, so as
to apply the bounty of two dollars for each re-
cruit that shall be presented to the rendezvous, to
the soldiers enlisted in the regular Army. The
bill submitted by the Senator seeks to accomplish
three purposes, as I understand it; first, to give a
construction to the two laws of Congress passed
last July, one on the 22d and one on the 25th, by
which, according to the terms of them, the Pres-
ident is authorized to call for a million of men.
The bill gives a construction to those laws, and
authorizes him to call out under those two laws
and this, whenever it shall be enacted into a law,
seven hundred thousand men. I suppose there
will be no objection to that.
The next provision is to give to each volunteer,
when his lcgiment is mustered in, one month's
pay in advance. That, I think, there cannot be
any objection to. It may be necessary that he
should have a little money to leave with his fam-
ily,and prepare himself for the march he isabout
to undertake. The only other provision is to give
to any citizen or any soldier—any person—who
may bring an accepted recruit to the rendezvous,
two dolhus bounty. We have already decided,
by a vote of the Senate, that we are not going to
reduce the regular Army; that we are going to keep
up the nine new regiments of infantry, the new
regiment of cavalry, and the new regiment of ar-
tillery. The infantry regiments are. skeletons; we
are paying the officers; they arc scattered around,
all over the United States, trying to recruit, and
they say to us that the abolition of this bounty
last July has taken away one of the great incen-
tives to recruiting, and they ask us to restore it.
I think it very proper that we should do so in re-
gard to the regular Army. If it is an incentive
to recruiting—and they tell us that it is, and they
have had experience and are well able to judge on
that subjcct—we shall save money by alio wing
this bounty of two dollars, inasmuch as the offi-
cers will be relieved from the recruiting service,
and will enter upon the discharge of their duties
in the field the moment they shall have been suc-
cessful in filling up their companies. It seems to
me the bill ought to pass. It is wholly unobjec-
tionable in every respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I fully concur with the
Senator from Iowa in his views. I make no sort
of objection to the mouth's pay in advance; though
I do not know but that it would be better to au-
thorize the payment m advance of twenty or twen-
ty-five dollars of the bounty which we propose to
give them, and to which they are entitled by law.
But I am willing to yield that to the better judg-
ment of others having more information on the
subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The objec-
tion to that is simply that they may not serve out
their time, and therefore might not be entitled to
the bounty; and in that case the Government
would lose money by paying them a portion of
it in advance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. -1 say I leave it to others,
who know more about it than I do, to decide that
matter. The bill is very well in another partic-
ular; and that is, that it limits the operation of the
acta of last July . It is true that, in my judgment,
it is rather late in the day, although ** better late
than never," for a bill to be brought in here to
legalize, as my friend from Massachusetts styles
it, the proceedings of the Government; because
we know that for some time they have had much
over the number of five hundred thousand* men in
the field, and have not considered themselves lim-
ited or restrained. I suppose the Government
went upon the idea that those two acts conferred
upon them the authority to raise more than five
hundred thousand men in point of fact, and that
they had not been proceeding in^violation of the
law in raising more men and paying them. Those
two acts, however, were liable to that construc-
tion, I cannot judge, I have no means of judg-
ing, of the number of men required. I am will-
ing, of course, and have always been, to vote any
number of men that may be needed; and I cer-
tainly would much rather have the men raised
under the authority of law, the authority of Con-
gress, than have them raised in defiance of that
authority,especially when Congress may be called
upon at any moment to give the authority requi-
site. If there are no other provisions in the bill,
the motion to amend made by the Senator from
Iowa will meet all my difficulties; and therefore,
that amendment being made, I shall interpose no
sort of objection to immediate action on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It will be
remembered that wo passed an act in July to au-
thorize the raising of five hundred thousand vol-
unteers, and it pointed out the mode in which they
should be raised. Objection was made to the mode,
and in three days afterwards a bill was brought
in with this title, '* An act in addition to the 4 act
to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid
in enforcing the laws and protecting public prop-
erty,' approved July 22, 1861." And this addi-
tional or amendatory act read in this way:
"That the President of the United States be, and is
hereby, authorized to accept the services ol volunteers,
cither as cavalry, infantry, or artillery, in such numbers as
the exigencies ot the public sei vice may, in his opinion,
demand, to be organized as authorized by the actof 22d
July, 1881: Provided, That the number ot'troops hereby
aulhoiued shall not cxeecd five hundred thousand."
This was an addition to the other act, and it
was passed by Congress for the express purpose
of limiting the number to the amount named in
the original act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language is " hereby-
authorized."
Mr.WILSON, of Massachusetts. It seems that
the language of the act does not express precisely
what was intended; but the Secretary of War and
the President and the Government knew the cir-
cumstances under which it was passed. They
knew why it was passed1; and they knew that any
words which allowed additional men to be raised
were simply an error. The number of men ac-
cepted has probably been something like one bun-
dled thousand more than by the original act were
authorized. 1 think Congress ought to stand upon
the ground of what they mean, and that can do
no harm.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This piovidesfor that,
and limits the number which may be raised under
both those acts.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
it was drawn for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have but one difficulty m
repaid to this bill, and I will suggest it to the
chaiiman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
The original bill of July 22 fixes the number of
cavalry'icjrimerits as one to ten of infantry regi-
ments. Will that provision apply to the present
organization ? I desire to know that fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose not. The chair-
man says there are now seventy-five regiments
of cavalry.
Mr. SHERMAN. \ think, then, it js well
enough to put in a provision that the relative pro-
portion of infantry, cavalry, and artillery shall be
according to the ratio fixed by the lav/ of July
22, 1861.
