1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1#3
system of policy which will lead to interference by
Congress with slavery in the States. That is his
theory. He did not fgaid the bill in itself as of
so much moment; for I have already shown that
it can operate upon comparatively few persons and
cannot do any injuiy; but he fears that it is part
of a policy of tlio dominant party now controlling
all the organs of the Government to violate their
pledges and interfere with slavery in the States.
Let us see whether there is any ground for that
fear.
If the Republican party has been distinguished
for anything at all, it has been for its moderation,
almost its timidity. It has never assumed an af-
firmative policy on this question of slaveiy since
its organization to this hour—never. It has al-
ways been defensive. It never affirmed a single
proposition of a legislative character until this prop-
osition to abolish shivery in the District of Co-
lumbia was brought forward, perhaps as a Repub-
lican measure, or at least it will be voted for by the
great body of Republicans. In the whole contest
in regard to Kansas, it was simply defensive. In
the Lecompton controversy and in all the contro-
versies that have occmred in regaid to slaves and
slavery since the oiganization of the Republican
party, it has been purely and simply a defensive
oiganization. I think the Senator will find great
difficulty in poinling out the allegations forhisin-
dictment to show that this party every proposed
any offensive or aggressive measure of any kind
whatever in regard to slavery in the States.
I have had the honor of holding a seat in Con-
gress since the organization of the Republican
party, and I know from observation here that this
party, as a political oiganization, has never pro-
posed any aggressive measure. It has always
been defensive. It has stood here fighting with
the prejudices of the people of this District against
it, with a powerful Democratic organization
againstit, with astrongcastc in thesouthei n States
against it, simply on the defcnsi\ o m endeavoring
to prevent the extension of slavery, and to pre-
vent the practical overthrow of a line which has
been framed by our fathers against the extension
of slavery north and west of Missouri. I do not
know any measure on which it has taken an ag-
giessive position.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me to
make a disclaimer? I did not intend to impute
against the Republican party that line of policy.
I only intended to make that imputation against
the abolition party. I trust that there is now a
line of separation between the Republican party
and the abolition party.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, Mr. President, I know
it is easy to state distinctions of this kind: but in
my experience our oppoin nts have generally de-
nounced us under whatever name they chose to
call us, and put us all in the same category. They
do nut draw veiy nice distinctions. As for ex-
ample, the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Summer,] as he has a perfect right to do, intro-
duced a series of resolutions giving his ideaabout
the effect of the war upon the political status of
the States, and at once those resolutions are seized
upon as the dogmas of the Republican party and
we are denounced for them,although candid men
must know that they are but the emanation of a
single individual who has decided convictions on
this subject, and who is far in advance of any
political organization in this country.
Now, Mr. Piesident, in the platform of the Re-
publican party, at Chicago, we adopted a resolu-
tion which duclaied in the strongest terms and
in the most emphatic language the rights of the
States. After Mr. Lincoln's election, it was man-
ifest that we were m the face of a civil war; the
plot of these seceding traitors had begun to be de-
veloped. They had aided us in the election of
Mr. Lincoln. Such men as Kcitt and that class
of seceding conspnators in the southern Stales,
for the purpose of exciting the prejudices of the
southern people,after misrepresenting the Repub-
lican party, and making it a bugbear 111 the south-
ern Stati-s, then aided the Republican party in
gaming a political victory. After having accom-
plished that purpose, they sought to overthrow the
Government because the Republican party had
succeeded. All this was foieseen. It was the
anxious desire of neai ly every man in Congress at
the last regular session to avoid this civil war.
We m the northern States thought it was inevit-
able, because we knew that no concession which
we would dare to yield to them would be satis-
factory to this class of people; that they intended
to precipitate this country into a civil war. We
did all we could to prevent it. We yielded and
yielded, until yielding was a humiliation and a
shame. When I look over the Journals of the lost
Congress and see how far I went myself in this
policy of conciliation, I am almost surprised.
Why, sir, no sooner was Mr. Lincoln elected
than South Carolina commenced acts of hostility
against the Government of the United States. The
first matter of complaint against the people of the
northern States was that they had passed per-
sonal liberty bills. In order to set them at rest
on that point, a preamble and resolution were in-
troduced into the House on the 17th ofDecember,
I860, which T will read:
u Whereas tho Constitution of the United isthesupieme
law of the land, and it- read\ and faithful observance the
duly of all pood and law-abiding citizen?: Theiefoie,
'•Heath cil, That we deprc<ale the spuit ot di?obcdience
to that (.'nn-titutinn whei evei mam tested, and thai we earn-
estly i ( commend the lepeal of all statutes, including pei-
sonal libeity bills, so-called, cnaetcd by State Legb-latutes,
eonllietmi; with, and in violation of that sacred insti nnicnt,
and the laws ot Congies-s made m puisuance thereol."
This resolution, calling upon all the States to
repeal their personal liberty bills, was passed by
a unanimous vote; and the States acting in the
same spint did proceed to reconsider them, and,
in some cases, repeal them, although they were
shown to be totally ineffective; and for ten years
they had never caused the escape of a single fugi-
tive slave.
Then, when that was done, they complained that
Congress would interfeie with slavery in the
States. We had placed it in our platform that
such was not our purpose. We had told them in
all our speeches that such was not our purpose.
Still they pretended not to believe us. The con-
spirators did believe us; but they wanted to agi-
tate their people. In order to put an end to that
complaint, a resolution was introduced into the
other House of Congiess by me, as follows:
"Resolved, That neither Conure^ nor the people or gov-
ernment ot the non-'slaveholding States have the iiijbtto
legislate upon or inteifeie, with s-laveiy in any of the blave-
holduig States in the Union.
That resolution was adopted by a unanimous
vote, and these men knew it.
A committee was appointed to see if further
measures of conciliation could not be adopted in
order to avert this civil war, and Mr. Corwin, a
distinguished citizen of my own State, reported
various propositions. All the Territories of the
United States were organized on laws passed by
Congiess which, 1 believe,icceived the unanimous
vote of both Houses. These laws were framed
by Mr.Gieen,ofMissouu,and by Mr. Grow, one
a Democrat and the other a Republican, and were
passed by the unanimous vote of both Houses; and
therefore that question was out of the way.
Then it was said that although Congress now
disclaimed its purpose to interfere with slavery,
yet at some time in the dim future, when the
number of free States should become very large,
Congress would then interfere. We knew that
was an idle fear, expressed for the purpose of
agitating the southern mind; but to appease it,
both Houses of Congress, after several States had
seceded,passed an amendmentto the Constitution
declaring that the Constitution never should be
so altered as to allow Congress or any non-slave-
holding State to interfere with slavery in the slave
States.
After Mr. Lincoln was inaugurated, after he
had proclaimed the same doctrine in words fa-
miliar to the Senate—aftci he had made every
pledge and promise, after this party then assum-
ing for the first time the functions of the Govern-
ment had made every pledge and promise, these
conspirators commenced a civil war. Even then
the Republican party evinced every disposition
to conciliate. Even then the Administration did
what I never approved—negotiated with South
Carolina for leave to feed our soldiers m Fort
Sumter. They even submitted to that humilia-
tion. So anxious were the northern people and
the Republicans of this countiy to avoid a civil
war, that I believe they would have done any-
thing m reason to convince their southern breth-
len that it was not their purpose to oppress tlieni
or injure them in the slightest degree. That was
the feeling in the House; I know it was my own.
It was the feeling of the people of my State. The
anti-slavery sentiment of this country would have
been satisfied by the defensive victory of thc'Rc-
publican party, for that is all it was, and this
country would have made'rapid advances to pros-
perity, unparalleled inancientorin moderntim<?s.,
But these conspirators, who, losing the fruits of
office, sought to drag their country into civil war,
would not let it be so, and the loyal people of the
country were compelled to appeal to God and the
arms that God gave them.
Not only did we do everything to avoid this
trouble, but even after it came upon us the liber-
ality of the Republican party has been manifested
on this subject of slavery. When a resolution'
was introduced at the last session of Congress, by
Mr. Crittenden, declaring the purposes of the
war, that it was not the purpose to interfere with
slavery, that resolution was voted for by all. Every
one voted for it; and this was after our brothers'
blood had been shed, and after the heat of the con-
test had commenced. Not only that; all our gen-
erals, Halleck, Buell, Sherman, McClellan—all
the generals who were at the head of departments
and divisions—proclaimed the same doctrine
wherever they went. The flag of our country
never entered into a slave State unless it was pro-
claimed by the general commanding, by the po-
litical authorities, and by the President, that it was
not the purpose to interfere with slavery in the
States. Notonly that; but we have now the test-
imony of a remarkable document, which I will ask
the Secretary to read, in which the conspirators
confess that they led their people to war and rev-
olution by false pretenses; in which they stamp
themselves with the stain of dishonor. 1 refer to
the communication of Yancey, Rost, and others,
to Earl Russell, dated the 34th of August, 1861.
The Secretary read, as follows:
££ It was liom no fear that the slaves would be liberated
that recession took place. The very party in power hag
pioposed to guaianty slavery forever in the States if the
South would hut leniain in the Union. Mr. Lincoln's mes-
sage propose-? no iiecdom to the slave, butannonnces sub-
jection ot his owner to the will of the Union; in othei words,
to the will of the Noith. Even after the battle of Bull Run,
both blanches of the Consrre?* at Washington passed reso-
lutions that the wai i< only waited in order to uphold that
(pio-slavei v) Constitution, and to enforce the laws, (many
ot them pio-slaveiy.) and but of one hundred and seventy-
two vote-s in the lower House they receive all but two, and
in the Senate all but one vore. As the Army commenced
its march, the commanding general issued an order that no
slave- should be received into or allowed to follow the
camp. The gieat object of the war, thcreloie, as now offi-
cially announced, is not to free the slave, but to keep him
in subjection to his ownei, and to contiol Ins labor tinough
the legislative channels which the Lincoln Government
design:- to 1'oicc upon the master. The undersigned,there-
fore, submit with confidence that, as far as the anti-slavery
bentnnent of England if coticcined, it can have no sympa-
thy with the Noith ; nay, it will probably become disgusted
with a canting hvpocw-y which would enlist those sympa-
thies on false pretenses."
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, as a further
evidence, and a very peculiar evidence, to show
thaton this subject of slavery the Republican party
has not forgot its promise to respect and obey the
laws. I will refer to a case in my own State. The
president of one of the colleges of our State, a
man of learning and character, is now held in the
jail m the city of Cleveland, convicted—convicted
under your fugitive slave law, in the Western Re-
serve—convicted at Cleveland—ofaidingafugitive
to escape. That conviction was rendered long
after tins war commenced; and a judge sitting in
Cleveland sentenced him to six months'imprison-
ment and to a line of $300. This educated cler-
gyman is now suffering the penalty of his con-
viction in the jail of the city of Cleveland. So
careful have been the people of Ohio to respect the
laws in favor of slavery, that they have done
what at least appears to be, if it is not, gross in-
justice. The Rev. George Gordon is now there,
and has suffered four months in that jail; and al-
though hundreds and thousands of people have
petitioned for his pardon, although the general
sense of the community in which he lives was
against the conviction, although he took no part
in the crime, but simply stood by and did not raise
his hand to prevent it, yet so careful have been the
Administration to protect the rights of the South,
and the duties and the obligations of the free States
to the slave States, that that clergyman, the head
of a college, a man of high character, now suffers
as a felon in your jail. If ever a free people in
