1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
upon our consciences, from this letter, that Mr.
Bright was guilty of such an offense as would
warrant his expulsion from this floor; and I have
heard nothing since which has gone to satisfy my
mind I ought to change it. I remain of the same
opinion, and shall so cast my vote.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, if anything that
I can say, in the few remarks 1 propose to sub-
mit to the Senate, shall have the tendency to bring
the attention of the Senate back to the question
now pending, I shall be entirely satisfied. The
discussion has taken a wide range, and many sub-
jects calculated to prej udice the public mind against
the Senator now on trial have been discussed; but
if 1 have correctly appreciated the question before
the Senate, it lies within a very narrow compass.
The Senator from Indiana is on tiial. He is on
trial for a high crime—the highest crime known
to the laws of this or any other country; and the
Senate, by the resolution now under considera-
tion, is calied upon to inflict on the Senatorfrom
Indiana the severest punishment it is able to inflict
on any human being. It is to convict him of trea-
son; for, as has well been said by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, it is that or nothing.
Up to the called session of this body in July
last, but a single Senator has ever been expelled.
For three quarters of a century but a Mngle Sen-
atoi has evei been voted out of this body. In the
early history of our Government one Senator,
whose name was Blount, had engaged in seducing
several tribes of Indians from their allegiance to
our Government, and had attempted to attach
them to the British Government. For that high
misdemeanor, as it was called, inconsistent with
his public trust and duty, as the record states, he
was expelled. Another Senator, subsequently
supposed to have been engaged in the Burr con-
spiracy, was brought to tual before the Senate
for thatoffense; but, the constitutional vote requi-
site for expulsion was not obtained. He subse-
quently resigned.
But, sir, since the 4th of July last nearly one
third of this body have been expelled. These
vacant seats are aconstantand an impressive me-
morial of the extent and the desperate character
of that treason which has not only desolated this
Senate, but our whole country. We are now
called upon to take another step. Those Sena-
tors were expelled becausc they had already vol-
untarily vacated their sea ts. In the vei y language
of the Constitution, defining the crime of treason,
they were already adhering to the enemies of the j
country, giving them aid and comfort. Now, sir,
we are asked to expel from the body a Senator
who presents himself here in the Senate, claims
to occupy his seat, to discharge the duties ot a
Senator, a^d professes to be loyal to the Constitu-
tion and the Government. This, in my judgment,
is a great stride beyond what wc have already
done.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Dams] has
found another reason why the Senator from In- [
diana should be expelled. He is satisfied, and I S
apprehend some other Senators, from what I have
listened to during this debate, may feel themselves
satisfied, nay called upon, to vote for this expul-
sion ; not on the ground that the Senator has been
guilty of treason, but on the ground that he enter-
tains and avows political doctrines which are not
palatable to the majority of the Senate and the
country. This is the language of the Senator
from Kentucky:
The gentleman takes; the position, announce* it in his,
speeeh at the last session, repeats it yesteiihiy, that he is
opposed to every mea^ine and to the whole policy ot coer-
cion by which submission to thelaws i-= to be won and eon- 
quered. it'that is not a default of duty thatoushl to leniove
the Senator ftoai a beat in tins Chamber, I have lost my
reason."
JNTow, sir, let me consider this a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman from New
York allow m<' a word?
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. In addition^ to that ground, I
assumed and connected with it in the general scope
of my argument, the uttcv failure ol the Senator
to offer any substitute as a necessary measure for
those that he was opposed to in order to put down
this rebellion.
Mr. HARRIS. Still the Senator does not dis-
avow his willingness to vote for expulsion upon
the ground that the Senator from Indiana is op-
posed to coercion. Now, sir, I scarcely need say
—certainly not to those who know me—that I
have as little sympathy with the political views-
and sentiments of that Senator as any other gen-
tleman upon this floor, and I have always had.
.For many a year I have watched his course here,
and it has rarely met my approbation. Above
all, I have no sympathy with the doctrine which
he has avowed, of non-coercion. But, sir, in my
judgment, that is not the question here.
The Senator from Kentucky, with what seemed
to me a little self-complacency, congratulated him-
self, I thought, upon the fact that he, unlike most
of the noble profession to which he and I have the
honor to belong, had been able to rise above those
contracting and dwarfing influences of the legal
profession which operate upon the mind, and had
been able to rise into a higher sphere, of what he
called enlarged statesmanship. I might envy that
Senator if I were unable to do this upon a question
of statesmanship; but when a Senator is on trial for
a crime,whatever may be my political views, what-
ever maybe my political prejudices or preferences,
I feci bound to sec that that Senator, let him be
my bitterest foe, has fair and equal justice meted
out to him. As I understand the'duty of Sen-
ators here, they are acting as a judicial tribunal,
determining upon the rights of a fellow Senator,
and they arc to be governed by no such influences
or pimeiples, sublimated as they may be, as those
suggested by the Senator from Kentucky. He told
us that m determining this question the Senate
was to hf controlled by no common law, no stat-
ute law, no parliamentary usage, but in its own
discretion it was to decide whether or not the Sen-
ator on trial was unfit for parliamentary duty; and
if, in the exercise of this discretion—the law of
tyrants—it should judge him unfit, then it was the
duty of this Senate to remove him from their
presence.
Sir, it is well for Senators on that side of the
Chamber that that doctrine had not been promul-
gated at an earlier day. Had this been the doc-
trine offormer days, my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] would never have been permitted
to hurl his polished, burnished, burning shafts
agamst slavery—against "the barbarism of sla-
very." The clarion voice of the veteran Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Halk] would long
since have ceased to resound in this Hall. There
aie other Senators who have long been suspected
of being too much imbued with a certain un-
healthy doctrine to have held their seats with any
certain tenure here, it' Senators were allowed to
expel a member because, in the judgment of the
Senate, he was unfit for parliamentary duty.
Sir, we arc living and acting in exciting times.
They are times which should furnish us with great
caution in the mode in which we act on questions
of so momentous importance as that now pending.
The great question now on trial in our Union is,
whether it shall live, or whether, bccause the fin-
gers of treason are clutching at its throat, it shall
cease to exist. And at times like these, which stir
every patriot's heart, there is danger, imminent
danger, that we may be led to do an act in a case
like this, and fix a precedent, which shall be per-
nicious m its influence hereafter.
The history of past times, Mr. President, fur-
nishes us with a most instructive caution thatwc
shall proceed carefully in expelling a Senator on
the giound of his infidelity, or want of sympathy
with the Government, in a time like this._ Sir,
there is no more melancholy feature in the history
of English jurisprudence than the facility with
which, by forced and aibitrary constructions, the
bestmenof the timrs, innocent and patriotic men,
men of whom neither the times nor their country
were woitliy, were condemned for treason. The
Sidneys, the Ilussells, the Hampdcns, and other
worthies like them, furnish us, it seems to me, an
admonition that we should be cautious.
Now, Mr. President, having th us suggested what
seems to me appropriate considerations to govern
us m the discharge of the solemn duty before us,
I approach, for a few moments, the question in
hand. If I have correctly apprehended_ it, it is
just and only this: the Senator from Indiana, on
the 1st day of March, wrote a letter to Jefferson^
Davis. In that letter there is a elausc which, if
it had been omitted, would have lett the letter per-
fectly haimless. Suppose the letter had read m
this way; Washington, D, O., March 1,1801.
To hif> excellency, Jciiorson Davj.-, president oi ihecon-
fedeiation of States 
I will not pause to lioticc the comments that
hare been made on this address; I regard it as a
matter entirely of taste. It is certainly no evi-
dence of guilt.
My Dk.vu Sir: Allow me to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my friend Thomas B. Lincolnjof Texas. I commend
him to your favorable consideration as a gentleman of tile
first respectability and reliability in every respect.
Who would say there was any treason there ?
Who tvould vote to expel any Senator upon such
a letter as that? But the letter contains this other
clause:
" He visits your capital mainly to dispose of what lie
regauts a gieat impiovement in fire-arms."
I will not stop here to comment on the relations
that existed between the Senatorfrom Indiana and
Mr. Lincoln. He had been a friend in early life.
He had been his friend in business, in his politi-
cal relations,in his social relations. AH this ap-
pears. It would appear from the circumstances
that, being unfortunate in business, Mr. Lincoln
had turned adventurer, and at one time he had a
machine he wished to dispose of which he desired
to have introduced in the construction and enlarge-
ment of the Capitol; at another time some other
implement to dispose of; and now an improve-
ment in fire-arms; and he suggests to the Senator
fiom Indiana, in addition to an ordinary letter of
introduction to Jefferson Davis, to state the object
of his visit, which was to dispose of what he re-
garded as an improvement in fire-arms. It seems
to me, therefore, we are brought down to this nar-
row question: I concede that if any Senator can
bring himself to believe, and can conscientiously
say, that this clause was inserted, or rather that
the letter was written with a treasonable design,
for the purpose of enabling Jefferson Davis and
his treasonable companions and associates the
better to engage in a war against this Government,
then he was guilty of treason, of a treasonable de-
sign, which is enough to convict him, either here
or before a legal tribunal.
But, sir, with the judgment of charity, I am
unable to bring my mind to any such conclusion.
I believe that at the time this letter was written no
swell thought entered the mind of the Senator who
wrote it. I believe that it was one of those hasty,
ordinary letters of introduction which we all of
us feel a burden to us here, which we are called
upon daily and hourly to write, and that he simply
intended to introduce the man, and state in a word
the object of his visit. In the light of all the cir-
cumstances, looking at the time when the letter
was written, I cannot bring myself to the conclu-
sion that there was in the mind of the writer of
that letter at that time any treasonable purpose.
I think I he letter and the surrounding circumstan-
ces repel that inference.
Sir, suppose that Sumter had never fallen; sup-
pose that this terrible war had not broken out;
suppose that we were unable to look at this letter
in the light of subsequent events, would any man
imagine that there was treason 111 the letter? It
seems to me not. Is it fair, is it just, is it a proper
mode of administering criminal law to judge of an
act, to interpret an act, to give legal effect to an
act by what subsequentiy.occurs, and with which
the party charged with the act had no connection ?
It seems to me that if this Senate shall vote to
expel the Senator from Indiana, without coming
to the conclusion that there was a treasonable
design in writing that letter, it would be guilty of
an act of the grossest injustice, unworthy of the
Senate, towards the Senatorfrom Indiana, and of
injustice to itself.
Mr. President, I have felt called upon to make
these few lemarks because, as a member of the
Judiciary Committee, I concurred in the report
that was made. 1 have painfully felt that in taking
the course 1 feel constrained to lake upon this
question, in the vote I must give, I am opposing the
views, prejudices, feelings, and wishes of many
of my friends. Were it a political question I
i should not hesitate to vote with them; but regard-
ing myself as standing here as a judge called upon
to decide, according to the rules of law and evi-
dence, upon the guilt or innocence of the Senator
on trial, myhonest conviction is that the evidence
is not sufficient, in the view of all the facts sur-
rounding the case, to authorize me in voting that
he is guilty of the offense charged; and having
that conviction fastened upon my mind, I must
vote against this lesolution.
Mr. TEX EYCK. By the kindness of thebeu-
ator from JN'ew Hampshire, I propose to occupy
