1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. /
small sums on deposit. I think myself it would
have been better if alt these words had been chosen
from those which have a definite signification, such
as are used in works of science and political econ-
omy. I am at a loss to determine exactly what
meaning to attach to the words " trust company"
as well as " savings institutions." There are cer-
tain words which have meanings known to every-
body all over the world, and to which everybody
attaches some precise signification. 1 think this
amendment is a proper one to be made if it be lim-
ited to those institutions that receive but small
sums on deposit for the benefit of poor people.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no apprehension of
any practical difficulty such as the gentleman sug-
gests. The meaning of savings institutions, as
contradistinguished from banks of deposit and
loan, is as perfectly well understood throughout
the country as the meaning of a school-house.
Banks of deposit and loan-—and there are more of
them, I believe, in Pennsylvania than anywhere
else—are made up of money put into them in the
form of stock, not to be withdrawn, and which is
put m there for the purpose of making money out
of them. A savings bank, to be sure, receives
deposits and makes loans, but it is altogether a
different arrangement from a bank formed with a
view to the making of money for those who take
the stock. Savings institutions have no stocks.
Nobody takes any stock at all. They simplyre-
ceive money, as I stated before, from poor people,
in small sums, and put it out, as a matter of char-
ity, taking care of it as well as they can, and di-
viding what they make, generally about live per
cent., among these depositors; that is, if they
leave their deposits in long enough to come to
anything. They have regulations concerning the
withdrawal of deposits. If they withdraw them
short of a certain time, three or six months, they
are not to have any interest. I am not apprehen-
sive of any trouble as to the meaning of " savings
institutions," as contradistinguished from those
banks which exist in Pennsylvania more than
anywhere else, and the gentleman, as a lawyer,
would have no diificulty 111 making it understood
in the-courts.
Mr. COWAN. I suppose these words express
a particular meaning; but what I suggest is, that
this law is to operate all over the United States.
It is not to operate upon classes. There is no rea-
son, in my judgment, for saying that there shall
be no tax upon savings institutions, which are in
fact and in truth banks of deposit and loan, when
there may be and is in the same bill a tax upon
banks of deposit and loan. If that is done, there
will be no bank chartered hereafter by the name
of a bank of deposit and loan, but it will be char-
tered as a savings institution; and if there is no
limit as to the amount deposited, a man may de-
posit $10,000 in the bank, and it is to be loaned
for profit, the same as these small sums are loaned
out for poor people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He pays a tax on his
income.
Mr. COWAN. Yes, he pays his tax on his
income; but that argument amounts to nothing,
because all those who derive income from corpo-
rations over six hundred dollars ate taxed tuo.
Now, I would suggest that all savings institutions
who receive more than a given sum on deposit for
loan shall be exempt. I think that would be fair
and right and proper; but to exempt all savings
institutions is to exempt all banks of deposit and
loan where that is the business of the institution.
We have two banks of business, or we have banks
which blend both functions together; banks of de-
posit and loan, and banks of issue and circulation.
Mr. THOMSON. And life and trust compa-
nies.
Mr. COWAN. Exactly. Life and trust com-
panies are sometimes banks of circulation where
stock is subscribed and put in absolute pledge as
security. They are generally banks of deposit.
Sometimes the stock is also security for the de-
posits. The circulation must be first paid, and
the deposits are to be paid next, in case of the
insolvency of the institution. If the amendment
is made so as to cover the class of cases desig-
rated by the Senator from Vermont, I shall vote
for it very cheurfully.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is always very embar-
rassing, when a man is endeavoring to do that to
which nobody seriously objects, to find an objec-
tion so made that he cannot do it. There is no
objection to the thing itself, but there is a striving
"how not to do it." To avoid all difficulty, in-
stead of striking out the words " savings institu-
tions," in the fourth line of section seventy-eight,
page 113,1 will move to strike out the word" and,"
and to insert " except;" so that it will read:
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1862, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid byall bauks, trust companies,
except savings institutions, &c.
I think in that way we shall be enabled to
determine what is meant.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Anthony
in the chair) put the question on the amendment,
and declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for a division: ["Oh,
no; there is no quorum."] Well, I will withdraw
the call. I am very much opposed to the amend-
ment, and shall at the proper time ask for another
vote on it.
Mr- FESSENDEN. You can have the yeas
and nays on it now, and that will settle it.
Mr. POWELL. It was suggested to me that
perhaps there was not a quorum present. I will
let it go for the present.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
Vermont permit me to inquire if he proposes to
leave in the word " and" after " savings institu-
tions
Mr. COLLAMER. My amendment was to
strike out the word " and" and insert " except,"
and that is the way it now stands: " except sav-
ings institutions."
Mr. CHANDLER. Butthereis another "and"
immediately after " savings institutions." It now
reads: " except savings institutions, and by all
fire, marine, life, inland, stock, and mutual insur-
ance companies." Would not that exception
apply to everything that comes after unless you
change the phraseology?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not think it would.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What do you do with
those words on the other page where savings in-
stitutions are excepted?
Mr. COLLAMER. They should be stricken
out wherever they occur. Mr. President, on look-
ing through the bill, I find it will require so many
changes that I think I had better adhere to my
original amendment to strike out the words " sav-
ings institutions" wherever tliey occur; and with
that view, I will move to reconsider the amend-
ment justadopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
taken as the sense of the Senate if there be no ob-
jection. The Chair hears no objection, and the
amendment is reconsideied. The Senator from
Vermont now withdraws that proposition, and
moves to amend the seventy-eighth section by
striking out the words "savings institutions"
wherever they occur.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think that amend-
ment ought to prevail. Some of the largest and
most profitable banking institutions in this coun-
try are savings banks. As I understand it, they
do everything that other banks do, except issue
notes. They deal in bills of exchange, and all
that kind of thing. I know that some in my sec-
tion of the country make the largest dividends of
any banks, and I think they ought to be taxed
with other institutions. In order to test the sense
of the Senate on the subject, I will ask for the
yeas and nays upon the amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I was going to suggest to the
Senator from Kentucky that perhaps before the
bill comes into the Senate some method may be
thought of, securing what we desiie in regard to
these institutions, and also securing the safeguards
which the Senator from Kentucky may desire.
Mr. POWELL. I prefer that we should test
the question now.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection, if the Sen-
ator thinks it better.
Mr. POWELL. We may as well take the sense
of the Senate now as at any other time. Of course,
if it is against me, I shall press it no further.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say that I shall
vote against the amendment for the_ purpose of
having it guarded with a proviso, which, I think,
will meet all the difficulty. I vote "nay."
The result was then announced—yeas21, nays
J6*; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, JBiowmng, Chandler. Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Harris, Howe, King, Lane
of Kansas, McDougalJ, MorriJl, Simmons, Sumner, Thom-
son, Wade, Wilkinson, WitJey, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Carl lie, Cowan, Davis, DooUttle, Fes-
senden, Harlan, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Nesmith, Pom-
eroy, Powell, Itice, Sherman, TrumbuH, Wilmot, and
Wright—16. . -
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to call attention in
the forty-sixth section, page 49, to the words,
" m case the original entries required to be made
in his books by the tenth section of this act/*
Now, I believe there is no such requirement in
the tenth section. 1 desire to strike out the phraset
" the tenth section of."
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are stricken out
already.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is right, then. I wish
to call attention to the fifty-seventh section, page
19. In the seventeenth line of that section, 1 "find
the words " nearest to him." It authorizes the
payment ofhcenscs to a collector, and says a per-
son may pay it to the collector that is nearest to
him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark that that section has been adopted as an
amendment in committee, and is not now open to
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 hope I shall be indulged
a moment in calling attention to the very great
impracticability of getting along in that way. Sup-
pose it is an inn-keeper or a peddler who is to take
a license, and he pays to the collector nearest to
him. The collectors are bound to look up in their
districts and see who pay licenses and who do not.
If you do not confine the payment of the licenses
to the collectors in each district, they can never
know who has paid and who has not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That section was drawn
by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I will call his atten-
tion to those words,*'upon payment to the collector
or deputy collector nearest to him." Itdoesnot
say the collector in that district. Why are those
woids," nearest to him," in there at all? Why
not strike them out ? If you do not, the collector
will never know who have taken licenses and who
have not taken licenses in his district.
Mr. HOWE. I do not consider it a very im-
portant provision, butl believe when it wasdrawn
the idea was that the act should come as near as
it could to designatinga particular man who ought
to have a particular fund in his hand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As it stands now, if you
retain those woids " nearest to him" after the
words " upon payment to the collector or deputy
collector," it would mean the deputy collector of
his district, would it not?
Mr. HOWE. It depends upon what kind of
district it is. There are two kinds of districts; one
is a collection district and one an assessment dis-
trict.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course, as the phrase
is put after the word collector," it would apply
to the collection district.
Mr. HOWE. Then there arc a great many
collectors and deputy collectors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he is only a deputy col-
lector he does not belong to any particular district
at ail.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the section is not open
to amendment, I have done my duty in suggest-
ing the difficulty that may arise under it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, it can be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection to
it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I will move to strike
out these words, " nearest to him," in the seven-
teenth line of section fifty-seven, page 50.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that the bill does not make collection districts, ex-
cept the general districts. The collector is author-
ized to appoint as many deputies as he pleases,
but not for any particular district. Therefore,
standing in the light that, if it should say col-
lector or deputy collector, it would mean any
deputy, and the one nearest to him would be just
as likely to be the proper man as anybody else, as
it strikes me.
Mr. COLLAMER. He might not be in that
collector's district at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The deputy collector
might not have any particular district.
