1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
that duty requires me to cast my vote against the
Senator from Indiana; but having arrived at that
conclusion, I shall follow my convictions " with-
out fear or favor or hope of reward."
In the outset, Mr. President, we are relieved
from embarrassment in regard to the facts of this
case. Though no one knew, for aught that ap-
pears, besides Mr. Lincoln, that the Senator from
Indiana had written a letter for him, or what it
contained, Lincoln's subsequent arrest and search
have settled those two points. It is proved to be
in the Senator's handwriting; and I do not under-
stand him now to deny that it is so; he admits it;
•while its contents, its guilty mission and purpose,
are made apparent.
There is, then, no question about these facts.
Nor is there. any excuse for them. I do not un-
derstand the Senator from Indiana to offer any;
but lie says, on the contrary, after mature delib-
eration, that under the same circumstances he
would do the same thing again. The point then
to be determined is, do these tacts warrant the
expulsion of the Senator from Indiana? In my
judgment they not only warrant it, but they de-
mand it, in the present condition of the country.
Its necessity is imperative. Wo cannot sustain
the Administration with the vigor with which wo
ought to act in crushing this rebellion if we per-
mit the Senator from Indiana to retain his seat
under this knowledge which has gone to the coun-
try. Not, Mr. President, that the vote or pres-
ence of the Senator from Indiana would obstruct
or control the necessary legislation, but because
we cannot satisfy the country that its councils are
free from those who would betray it, or from those
who sympathize with rebellion, unless we act
thus summarily.
Here, Mr. President, let me say that 1 do not
agree with the opinion which seems to be enter-
tained by some, and which I have heard expressed,
that the facts in order to expel the Senator must
constitute the crime of treason. This point has
been met and successfully refuted, both by the
Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator'from
Kentucky. The Constitution gives to each House
of Congiess the largest discretion m the premises.
It specifies no crime, no misdemeanor, no fault,
no particular act for which a Senator may be ox-
pelled. It simply requires the vote of two thirds
—the same number—no more, and no less—whicli
it requires in each House to make an act which
has been vetoed a law over the head of the Pres-
ident.
To expel a Senator is undoubtedly, as has been
well said, a grave act. It involves not only the
rig lit and reputation of the sitting member, but the
interests and rights of the State whose represent-
ative he 'is. But the Constitution contemplates
that it may become sometimes necessary; and
wisely leaves the body to judge of the necessity
which demands it, securing to the offender a vote
of two to one before he can be expelled. For acts
constituting a crime, for which a Senator may
be arraigned, tiled, and convicted, he may be
expelled. So, too, for a misdemeanor; for acts
unworthy of, and unbecoming a Senator, and dis-
reputable and disgraceful to the body; and.so,t0Oj
for such acts, as in times of great danger to the
Government, give evidence to his peers that he is
a dangerous and unsafe man to be trusted with the
responsibilities of his position, such as giving aid
to rebellion, or sympathizing actively with traitors.
Mr. President, how could we excuse ourselves
to the country if, m a time like this, we retained I
in the Senate, when from his position he might |
become the depository of the most delicate and !
important secrets of the Government, a Senator i
who, by acts proven or admitted, shows that such !
secrets arc not safe in his keeping? And, sir, if a j
Senator will m any way aid rebels to obtain arms j
or improvements m aims, would he not be oven j
more likely to aid them with important informa- j
tion ? The fact that almost all our contemplated j
movements have become known to the enemy will [
fully answer this question. Not that I accuse the i
Senator of furnishing such information; but the j
fact that it is furnished shows hnw impregnable .
and unapproachable should be the depositories i
which contain it. j
Mr. President, the letter given by the Senator i
from Indiana to Thomas B. Lincoln lends thus: 1
Washington, March 3, j
My Peak Sir : Allow me to inuoduee to 3 our acquaint- j
anee my friend Thomas B. Lincoln, of Texas. He visits >
your capital mainly to dispose of what he regards a great
improvementin fire-arms. I recommend him to vour favor-
able consideration as a gentleman of the first respectability,
and reliable in every respect.
Very truly, yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Confederation of States.
Now, sir, let us turn this picture, and let us
suppose that upon the person of John Coppic, one
of the confederates of John Brown, when he was
was taken among the mountains, this letter had
been found: ,,T
Washington, October 1, 1860.
My Dear Sir : Allow me to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my tiiend John Coppic, of Kansas. He visits your
rendezvous mainly to put into your hands what he regards
a great improvement in fire-arms. I recommend him to
your favorable considciation as agentieman of the first le-
spectability, and reliable in evcrv les-pect.
Very truly yours, CHARLES SUMNER.
To Captain John Brown,
Leader of the Negro Insurrection at Harper's Ferry-
Suppose, I say, this letter had been found on
Coppic's person, how long would the Senator
from Massachusetts have held his scat upon this
floor, and how readily would the Senator from
Indiana have given his vote for his expulsion?
Whose ox would then have been gored? And
yet such a letter would have borne no comparison
m guilt to that of the Senator from Indiana. The
first would have been in aid of and sympathy with
an attempted negro insurrection, wholly unjusti-
fiable, truly; but the other was in advancement
of a rebellion against the Government, which, if
successful, involved the very existence of the na-
tion. Viewing the smaliei offense we may appre-
ciate the enormity of the larger!
Sir, the Senator from Indiana admits the act of
which we complain; for it he offers no sufficient
excuse, for no length or closeness of friendship
can justify aid to, or sympathy with, rebellion.
No thoughtlessness can excuse it, even in a much
younger or more humble individual.
Mr. President, in the seceded and border States
there were thousands of Union men. Some of
them have been swept away, or silenced by the
coui so of even ts there ;others'have been driven from
their homes and are exiles; and some have arms
in their hands, and are fighting the battles of the
Union; while others, like the noble Senator from
Tennessee, in every place, on every occasion,
denounce this rebellion as " hell-born and hell-
bound." H'ow shall we justify ourselves to these
struggling men, how shall we justify ourselves to
the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Car-
lile,] if now, when the question is made, we re-
tain in this branch of Congicss a Senator who did
not hesitate to aid in selling an improvement in
fire-arms to boused in that rebellion, or in the
civil war into which it has ripened? That civil
war has desolated their homes, driven them from
their land, separated them from their friends, and
cast some of them into dungeons and into prisons.
Mr. President, would an open rebel, if he held
a seat in this Senate, deserve to be expelled from
it? And if an open rebel, would nota person who
furnished, or aided to furnish to that rebel, the
means to make his rebellion successful ? Most
certainly. Then how can the Senator from Indi-
ana escape? What was the very purpose of his
letter? Why, to bring to the notice of Mr. Davis
the person who had this improvement in fire-arms
to sell; to recommend him as a man every way
reliable; and thus enable him to sell. I make no
account of the address of the letter. That is a
matter of taste and courtesy, which I leave to the
Senator from Indiana. I make no account of Us
subscription. I do not cme if he styled himself
" yours, truly;" or in what phrase he subscribed
himself. I deal with the substance of the letter.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Harris] asked
us what we should have said if a certain portion
of the letter had been left out? We should have
said it was a very harmless thing, like a snake or
a scoipion when its sting has been extracted. He
proposes to leave out of it the very gist, the
offensive part.
Mr. Lincoln wished to sell an improvement in
fire-arms to Mr. Davis; Mr. Davis wished to buy
arms to use against this Government, and make
his rebellion successful; the Senator from Indiana
knew this, and he gave this letter and aided to
bring thes^ two men together to effect a sale for
this most wicked purpose, to make succcssful this
most causeless and atrocious rebellion.
Mr. President, let me put a case. A person
wishes to burn my house; B knows it, and he
knows that the incendiary wants kindlings and
torches to do it; he knows, too, that C has-kind-
lings and torches to sell, and he gives C a letter to
the incendiary, telling him he has a valuable im-
provement in kindlings and torches, and is every
way a most reliable man. Shall B escape the pun-
ishment of his crime? Shall he be heard to say,
" I gave the letter to an old friend;" or, as a matter
of course ? And if he should add, " I would do so
again;" would not you say he was too dangerous
a person to be at large? Again: suppose A plots
my death. B knows it, and sendsC with a letter
of commendation to sell A a knife which B known
he wants for my destruction. Shall B escapc?
But you say,((These cases are not parallel; the
Senator from Indiana did not send Lincoln to sell
the improvement in lire-arms; Mr. Lincoln asked
for the letter." Be it so; yet the Senator knew
the purpose, and shall it make any difference
which of them proposed the mission, or which of
them had the arms to sell, if they joined in the
undertaking? The offensive act was an attempt
to sell an improved fire-arm, or an improvement
in fire-arms, to the enemies of the United States—
to enemies open, avowed, organized, and armed
—•and in this attempt both the Senator and Mr.
Lincoln joined. '
It cannot avail the Senator from Indiana to say
he gave this letter "as a matter of course.;" or
u to an old friend." Mr. Lincoln had an object
in asking for this letter to Mr. Davis. It was to
facilitate the sale of his improvement in fire-arms;
to bring the buyer and seller together, and accom-
plish the trade.
The Senator from Indiana knew this; he stated
the object in his letter; there can be no doubt that
lie knew it; and he must be charged with the fur-
ther knowledge of the use to which the improve-
ment in arms would be put if purchased. The
declared object of the rebellion, its organization,
its aim, could leave no doubt about it. The Sen-
ator from Indiana may not have believed the re-
bellion would burst into a civil war of such mag-
nitude as it has, but he joined in an act well
! calculated to lead to the very situation we are now
in. To aid in arming the rebellion, was to aid in
putting it into a position to wage civil war all the
more successfully.
Mr. President, I have said it cannot avail the
Senator to say " he did not know this improve-
mentin fire-arms was to be used against the United
States." lie must be charged with that knowl-
edge. The situation of the country was such, the
declared object of the rebellion such, and the
events daily transpiring such—and so notorious
—as to exclude all pretense or presumption of
ignorance. Sitting in the Senate he heard it an-
nounced here day after day how State after State
had seceded. He heard the crash of the falling col-
umns of the Union, and was made aware that the
structure of the Government was breaking up.
Look, sir, at this array of facts which startled the
country and the ears of the Senators as they oc-
curred, and all before this letter of the Senator of
March 1 was written.
Chronological statement of seizures of public property, 4 v.,
by the rebels.
December 27,1860. The custom-hou«e and post office at
Charleston, South Caiohna. and
Forr Moultrie and Cattle Pinekmn,
in Charleston haibor, seized by au-
thorities of South Carolina.
December 27, 1860. The levomie cutter William Aiken
sunendered by her commandc!, and
taken possession o! by South Caro-
lina.
December 30, 1860 Tlie ai&enal at Cbaileston, \uth sev-
enty tlioucanq stand 01 aim*, M>i'/,rd
by South Carolina.
January 3, 1861. Forts Pulaski and Jackson, and the at^enal
at Savannah, Geoigia, seized by
State tioop.-.
January 4, 1861. Arsenal at Mobile, Alabama, poized
January 4, l 861. Fort Moigan. Mobile bay. Alabama, seized
by State tmops.
January 9. 1801. The Star of the We-t. beaiinq leinfoiee-
ments and provisions t'01 Majoi Au-
deifcon, a*- Foit Pumtcr, fired at 111
Chai teuton harboi.
January 11,1801. The Unite.d States inaiinc hospital seized
by Louisiana troop-*.
January 11,1861. The agonal at Baton Rouge seized by
Louisiana ti oops
January 31,1861. Fort* Johnson and Caswell seized by
Noith CaioUna.
January 12, 1S61. Foits Banancas and Mclta*1, and navj
yard at Pen*uco1a, X^iorida. sei/.<d
January 12,1861. Ar^ofinl at Chnttahooche, Flonda, seized
by authorities of Florida.
January 34, lbCl. The banaeks below New Oilcans seized
by the State of Louisiana.
