476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
January 15,1861. The United States Coast Survey schoon-
er Dana seized by authorities of the
State of Florida.
January 24,1861. Arsenal at Augusta, Georgia, surrendered
upon the demand of the Governor of
Georgia.
January 29,1861. The revenue cutter Itobert McClelland
surrendered by Captain Bush wood
to authorities of the State of Louis-
iana.
January 31,1861. The mint and custom-house at New Or-
leans seized by State authorities.
The mint contained funds amount-
ing to $389,000, and the custom-
house $122,000.
February 2,1861. The revenue cutter Lewis Cass suireri-
dered by Captain Morrison to au-
thorities of the State of Louisiana.
February 8,1881. The arsenal at Little Rock, Arkansas,
with nine thousand stand of aims,
foity cannon, and a large amount
of ammunition, surrendered to the
State of Aikansas.
February 20,1861. Forts Chadbournc and Belknap, Texas,
seized.
February 21,1861. Banacks and other works at Brazos
Santiago seized by Texas troops.
Febiuary23, 1861. Property amounting to $1,209,000, and
all the military posts m Texas, sur-
rendeied to authorities of Texas, by
General Twiggs.
Look, sir, at this array of startling events which
shocked the country, and tell me if the Senator
from Indiana did not know them? Tell me if he
can be heard to stand up here and plead ignorance
of this situation of the country? The events
which I have recounted all occurred before the 1st
of March, 1861; the day on which the letter was
written. And after the rebels-had seized forts and
custom-houses and vessels and money and arms
belonging to the United States, the Senator from
Indiana writes to their President a letter introduc-
ing to him Lincoln, who wants to sell th'cm an
important improvement in lire-arms, as if they had
not had enough.
Will the Senator say he did not know of these
events? Will he say hu did not believe the rebel-
lion meant to resort to the use of arms ? Why then
did they seize and steal them? If the arms.wcre
not to be used, why wore they to be purchased?
And why did Lincoln expect to soil his improve-
ment in fire-arms, unless he understood that the
chief of the rebellion wanted such implements to
bo used against the Government.
•.Sir, in my judgment, the Senator cannot escape
the guilty knowledge which makes the gist of the
offense. Day by day before the 1st of March,
along these avenues and streets, cannon and cais-
sons rattled, armed infantry trod, and cavalry
rushed. At the very time the Senator gave his
letter to aid Lincoln in disposing of his improve-
ment in fire-arms to the leader of the icbellion, this
capital was held by force of arms against the reb-
els which he thus aided. We who were here I
may almost say trembled for the fate of the na-
tion, lest we should be driven forth from these
Halls. It was notorious then that members of the
Senate and members of (lie House of Representa-
tives formed themselves into companies and aimed
themselves with riiles, to protect them against in-
surrection fi om the rebellious States. The Sen-
ator knew much of this. It was before his very
eyes. He must have heard threat after threat to
seize this Capitol, and that, as was said by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, (Mr. Clingman,) in his
phice in the Senate, " if blood was to be spilled, to
spill it here."
Mr. WILKINSON. « In this Hall?"
Mr. CLARK. " In this Hall," tho Senator re-
minds me; on this floor—that was the language
ol a Senator from North Carolina; and yet the
Senator from Indiana supposed this was to be a
peaceful rebellion, so as to excuse him for giving
it aid. It is no answer to his offense to say he did
not believe these threats. Such unbelief, if enter-
tained, could furnish no justification for him in en-
abling ^them to do what they declared they would
do. Nor can it avail to say that the country was
not then in civil war. A large part of it was in a
state of rebellion, open and flagrant, and his acts
were m aid of that rebellion. I do not yield the
point that the rebellion had not then ripened into
war. It had so far attracted the notice of the coun-
try as to have come before the courts. Arms were
seized in New York destined South} arms were
purchased in New Yoik to go South, This con-
dition of things attracted the notice of the courts;
and the district judge of the United States, then'
presiding in the city of New York, delivered an
opinion on this very subject, declaring these acts
to be war. In a charge to the grand jury, deliv-
ered prior to the'21st of January, 1861, (because it
is contained in the National Intelligencer of that
date,) Judge Smalley said:
" It is well known that war—civil war—exists in portions
of the Union ; that persons owing allegiance to tlie United
States have confedeiated together, and with arms, by force
and intimidation, have prevented the execution of the con-
stitutional acts of Congress, have forcibly seized upon and
hold a custom-house and post office, forts, aisenals. vessels,
and other property belonging to the United States, and have
actually fired upon vessels bearing the United States flag
and cariymg United States troops. Tins is a usuipation of
tiie authority of the Federal Government; it is high treason
by levying war. Either one of those acts would constitute
high treason. There can be no doubt of it.v
"The fact that any or all engaged in the commission of
these outrageous acts acted under the pretended authority
of the Legislature or a convention ot the people of any
State, or of the officers appointed thereby or acting there-
under, does not change no; affect the criminal character of
tho act. No man or body of men can throw off their alle-
giance totheii Government in that way. Nor can any State,
or the people of any State, acting in any capacity whatever,
absolve any person therefioni. .Neither South Carolina nor
any other State can authorize or legally protect citizens of
the other States in levying war against their Government,
any moie than can the Queen ol "Great Britain or the Em-
peioi of Fiance. If any such power is assumed itis with-
out light, and the deluded individual who acts under it is
none the less guilty of tieason, and liable to be punished
therefor."
Apply this language to the Senator from Indi-
ana: suppose he were a deluded individual; the
court say it would not excuse him for the crime.
So much for the levying of war, and so much
for the state of the country. I need not quote
Blackstone; I need not quote the President's in-
augural address; I need not quote any other doc-
ument; here is the charge of a United States court
upon facts solemnly considered—an opinion de-
liberately made up to meet the very case; hot an
analogous case, but an opinion and a charge upon
the very case itself.
Rebellion has now burst into arms—arms on
the part of the Union as well as on the part of the
rebels. But when the rebel chief left the Senate,
his last words were but an utterance of his determ-
ination to fight if a peaceful rebellion could not be
accomplished. I have here the closing speech that
lie made as he left the Senate Chamber, and I will
read the last paragraph of it. I think the Senator
from Indiana heard that speech ; I am not posi-
tive, and I do not charge him with a knowledge
of the speech; but the specch was delivered m
open Senate; and in that speech the Senator from
Mississippi, then the arch-rebel, declared that if
they could not have a peaceful rebellion, they
would trust themselves to the God of battles and
their own right arm. Having spoken of his de-
sire to accomplish a peaceful rebellion, Mr. Davis
said:
" The reverse, may bring disaster on every portion of the
country; and if you will have it thus, we will invoke the
Cod of our fathcis, who drliveied them from the power of
the lion, to protect us trom the lavages of the bear; and
thus, putting our uu t in God, and in our own firm hearts
and strong amis, we will vindicate the right as best we
may."—Congressional Globe, Thirty-Sixth Congress, second
session, p. 487.
This was tho declaration with which the arch-
rebel left the Senate. The Senator from Indiana
must be charged with the purposes of this rebel-
lion. Suppose we pass by this offense, and we
go out among the troops and urge them to fight,
to drive away the enemy which beleaguers Wash-
ington, what may they leply? "Urge us to fight
when you keep m your councils the man who
aided to sell an improvement in fire-arms, which
might have been put into the hands of rebels to
murder us !" What answer have we to make to
them? Go ask the Administration for more vigor;
go ask them to turn from the Departments any
man tainted with treason or disloyalty, may they
not reply, "go back and turn from the Senate the
men who wrotelettersto Jefferson Davis." Sir, if
you had a little page not bigger than one of those
boys now sitting in frontof you, and he was guilty
of such disloyalty, or his father even, you would
tuin out page and father both. And yet itis pro-
posed to retain the Senator from Indiana.
An outraged people will receive no such excuses
as those presented by the Senator or his friends.
They demand that this rebellion shall bo crushed,
and they will not be trifled with by any pretense
that such a letter as the Senator gave " was a thine
of course, or inconsiderately done. To sell arms
to be used against the Government, to even pro-
pose to do it at such a time, was a thing so atro-
cious that it should have excited the indignation
of the Senator from Indiana if he were a loyal
man, and should have led him to denounce Lin-
coln as a mercenary traitor, instead of commend-
ing him as a " reliable man."
Mr. President, this is the charge I make against
the Senator from Indiana, upon the facts stated
and proved: that he aided, or intended to aid,
these two rebels, Lincoln and Davis, knowingly
aided them in the prosecution of their scheme of
rebellion. Here I take issue with the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck,] who undertook to
allege in defense of the Senator from Indiana that
it did not appear that Lincoln had visited Davis.
I do not care that that did not appear. The offense
is, that the Senator from Indiana gave him a letter
which he might have carried there if he had chosen,
and which probably he would have carried there
if he had not been arrested. I say, as I said before,
that when he delivered the letter for the purpose
indicated, theSenator from Indiana had completed
his offense.
That a rebellion existed f was organized, and
armed, theSenator from Indiana knew. That Mr.
Davis was the chosen leader of that rebellion, he
also knew; that it needed arms, he must be charged
with knowing, for it was plunderingnrsenals,mu8-
teringtroops,andbeleagueringfortifications. Lin-
coln had a valuable improvement in fire-arms to
sell. He was a stranger to Davis, and Davis to
him. The two rebels did not know each other. To
negotiate and aid each other they must be brought
together. The Senator from Indiana knew them
both;he knew the purposes of both—of the one to
sell his improved fire-arm to be used against the
Government, and of the other to resist and over-
throw that Government by force; and with that
guilty knowledge, without informing his own
Government of Lincoln's design, he deliberately
commended him, so to speak, to go and sell that
improvement to the rebel chief.
In all this the committee find nothing which
would justify us in expelling the Senator from In-
diana. Mr. President, I most earnestly dissent
from this conclusion of the committee. We owe
it to ourselves to drive him from his high place.
Will we receive into our counsels, will we permit
to take part in the legislation which is to preserve
the country, a man who aids or would aid to arm
rebellion against her? We owe it, too, to the coun-
try, and above all, to the patriotic State of In-
diana. Even now the telegraph flashes the news
that her tenth regiment has been almost decimated
in the fight in Kentucky with Zollicotfer. Her
sons lie dead upon the ground. Shall we retain
here the Senator who aids to furnish the rebellion
with arms, thus to kill and slay her patriotic troops?
Mr. President, almost every day the Govern-
ment seizes some person in correspondence with
the enemy. Two or three days ago it seized a
banker in Baltimore, and hurried him to Fort
Warren, or La Fayette. I would deal more sum-
marily still with such men If the power existed,
I would bring them to trial by martial law, and
if found guilty, I would shoot or hang them, and
then say to all persons hereafter in like offense,
"such shall be your doom." In my judgment,
such conduct would be humane. It would deter
people from giving information to the enemy, and
save life in the end, by bringing to condign pun-
ishment the persons thus offending, and by crush-
ing out this monstrous rebellion at some early
day. But, Mr. President, can this be done if we
permit the Senator to retain his seat?
Sir, some time in July last there was found in
the post office in this city a letter directed to the
Richmond Inquirer. It was opened, and found to
contain an inquiry whether the confederate gov-
ernment wished to purchase an improved cannon.
The letter was from my own State, and from my
own city of Manchester; I blush to own it. It
was handed to my colleague, and by him to me.
1 set myself at once to work to discover the scoun-
drel who wrote it. I sent it to the police judge—
an earnest and true man—with directions to em-
ploy all our detectives to discover the writer. He
made every effort to do so, but all failed; neither
handwriting nor name nor decoys revealed him.
But, Mr. Piesident, if we had found him he would
have gone forth an execrated wanderer and out-
cast from the city, if no severer punishment had
befallen him. But here, Mr. President, in a case
" running upon all fours" with that, involving the
seat of a Senator of the United States, the com-
mittee say the facts do not justify his expulsion.
