1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2459
puting that income tax, and this among others:
" all gains, profits, or income derived from sala-
ries of officers, or payments to persons in the civil,
military, naval, or other service of the United
States, including Senators, Representatives, and
Delegates in Congress." And another exception
is, " income derived from interest or dividends on
stock, capital, or deposits in any bank," for the
reason that the batik pays three per cent, on all
those; or upon investments in the " bonds or other
evidences of indebtedness of any railroad com-
pany, "because the company pays it. This excep-
tion deducts from our income received at home all
that we receive from the Government here. The
whole of our receipts from the Government are to
be deducted out of our income, before we have
any income tax to pay, whereas the disbursing
officer is only ordered to take three per cent, out
of all above six hundred dollars. He does not de-
duct three per cent, on the first $600. To meet
the difficulty, I move, after the word Congress, to
insert " except $600." My object is thatin com-
'puting our incomes at home wc shall not deduct
a second time the §600, on which we have not paid
three per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would prefer to say " ex-
cept to the amount on which the tax has already
been reserved."
Mr. COLLAMER. If that form of expression
is preferred, I have no objection to it; but I think
that which I have proposed is preferable.
Mr. SHERMAN". I think that is the mean-
ing now, and every assessor would so regard it.
Mr. COLLAMER. He cannot so regard it, for
the bill say in express words that in making
out the list he shall deduct the whole salary, i
qualify my amendment by saying " except above
&GOO."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. I renew the proposition I
made yesterday to amend by adding a new section
to come in at the end of the forty-fourth section,
on page 48:
And he it further craetcd, That the collector of any dis-
trict may giant a peinut to the owner or owneia of any dis-
tilleiy within his district to send or ship any spirit*, the
ptoduct of said distillery,to any place without said district
and within the United States; and in such case the hill of
lading or receipt (which shall be in such form a* the Com-
missioner ot Internal Ilevenue may direct) of the same shall
be taken in the name of the collector of the district 111 which
the distllieiy is situate, and the spints afote&.ud shall be
consigned, in such lull of lading ot receipt, to the collector
of the district in which the place is situate whether the
cpiutsi* fent or shipped ; and upon the amval of the spirits,
and upon the demand of the collector aforesaid, the agent
of the distillery (and the name oi the agent,foi the conven-
ience ot the collector, shall always appeal in the hill of
lading or receipt) ahull p i> the duties upon the said spirits,
with the expense of freight, and every other expense which
has acciued thereupon ; Uie number of gallons and the proof
of the spirits aforesaid to he determined, upon the arrival
thereof, bv an inspector appointed or approved by the col-
lector, and at the charge and expense of the owner 01 agent;
and the said collector, upon the payment of tiic duties atoie-
said, shall deliver the bili of lading or leeeiptaiultiie spirits
to the agent of the said distiUoiy ; and if the duties are not
paid as afoiesaid, then the said spuit  shall be stoied at the
risk of the owner or agent theieof, who vhall pay an addi-
tion often per cent, thereupon ; and all the g< ueia! movn-
ions of this act. 111 iffeierice to liens, penalties and lor"
teitures, as aNo in leference to the collection, shall apply
thereto, and he enfmced by the collector of the district in
which the spiuts may be: Provided, That no permit shall
be ^ranted under this section for a quantity than fifty
hands: And provided further* That the Commissioner ot
Internal Revenue, undei the direction of the Secietaiy of
the Tteasuiy, mn> make such fuither regulations as he may
deem propei in oidei to piotect the revenue, and to cany
out the spirit and intent ot this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that the same
provisions thatarc necessary in regatd to distilled
spirits may also be necessary in regard to beer,
Sager beer, ale, porter, and other similai fermented
liquors, and also in regaid to refined coal oil, for
I understand that large quantities of these articles
are sent to another market for sale. I ask the
Senator from Ohio, who lias more experience and
knowledge of the matter than I have, whothei it
is not necessary to make the same provision in
regard to ale, lager beer, and refined coal oil, as in
regard to spirits?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very important. The
article of ale, as they call it, " slock ale," is manu-
factured in large quantities in Albany,and shipped
to New Yoik. it is also manufactured in the in-
tenor towns of Ohio, and sent to Cincinnati and
New Orleans. The some reason would apply ex-
actly, so far as stock ales are concerned, but no
further. _ ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. How in regard to porter.-
Very little porter is made
Philadelphia porter is a
Mr. SHERMAN.
for exportation.
Mr. McDOUGALL.
large item.
Mr. GRIMES. I presume there are fifty bar-
rels of lager beer sent away to one of ale. It is
made in St. Louis, and sent up to St. Peter's. It
is made in Milwaukee, and sent across to Ne-
braska.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the provision ought
to apply to all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It was stated before the
committee, as the chairman wj|J remember very
well, that the manufacturers at Troy, Albany,
Poughkeepsie,and the various places on the North
river, send all their malt liquors forward by water.
They are compelled to send them to New York to
furnish stocks for the entire consumption during
the winter. They go down there, and portions
of them at least remain unsold during that period,
as they cannot afford to pay rail transportation.
The reason, I think, applies quite as much and a
little more to malt liquors, than even to whisky.
Mr. HARRIS. There is a difficulty about get-
ting in amendments here, because sometimes they
affect amendments that have been proposed by the
committee, and we have to wait, it seems, until
we get into the Senate; but I had intended, when
it should be in order, to move to strike out some
amendments on page 51, which have been adopted
by the Senate committee to reach this very case.
The words " or removed forconsumptionor sale"
were inserted on page 51. I wish to strike them
out.
I wish to state to the Senate how this tiling
operates. The brewers along the Hudson river I
suppose manufacture half the ale that is consumed
in the United States. I have in my hand a docu-
ment signed by twelve brewers, each of whom
manufactures perhaps a million dollars' worth a
year. They are located all the way from Pough-
keepsie up to Troy, and one or two above Troy.
They have a very large number of establishments.
There are four or five in the city in which I live.
They have their vessels. When their beer is made,
they transfer it at once to their vessels and send it
to the city of New York where they have a depot,
and there it remains. It remains for winter use,
it remains to be shipped South. Now, it would
be very hard and very onerous on these brewers,
if they were required to pay this duty at their
biewcry before their property was in a situation
to be put into the market. What ought to be done
is to allow the brewers to send their ale to the city
of Now York where they have a depot, and which
is really their great place of business so far as the
sale is concerned; and when they sell it to pay the
duty. Otherwise, it is going to require from them
an immense amount of capital. They are entirely
satisfied with the section as the House passed it;
thev are willing that it should remain so. They
only ask this; and I hope the chairman of the com-
mittee will pardon me if I refer heie to the amend-
ment that has been proposed by the committce-ttlid
adopted. They only ask that the words "or're-
moved for consumption or sale,55 which occur three
times m section forty-eight, shall be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That changes the whole
character of the bill; you may just as well strike
it all out.
Mr. HARRIS. That is what they asked in
this memorial; and then the oath that is required
on page 52 should read: " the whole quantity of
fermented liquors brewed and sold at the brewery
owned by , in the county of ——-—, or at the
depot in the county of so that they may
have a brewery at one place and a depot at another
place. It ought to he so. It ought to be so with
the manufacturer. It ought to be so everywhere.
A man makes a million dollars' worth of goods
in a year; he makes them away up in the mtenor
of the country; he sends them to New York or
Boston orany other of our greatcommercial towns,
to be sold; and when they are sold he ought to
pay the duty on them; but he oughtnot to be re-
quited to advance it six months before. It is se-
veie and onerous. If we have got to tnke this
dose, let us make it as palatable as we can, and
not insist upon heaping unnecessary burdens on
the business men of our country. 1 hese brewers
investan immense amount ofcapital m their busi-
ness, and they should not be required to pay these
duties until they can get their product before the
commercial world for sale. They have to send it
to Ne w Yo rk. Th e A1 ban y an d Troy brewers send
in the autumn their ale to the city of New York,
because they cannot afford to pay railroad ex-
penses when the river is closed. They send for-
ward in the fall enough to sell for the next six
months. Shall they be required to advance upon
every barrel of ale thus sent forward to.their own
depot, m order to have it in the market, one dollar?
Is it anything more than just that they should be
allowed to paythatmoney when theysell their ale?
1 know it is not in order to make this motion; but
yet as the question has been brought up here by
the Senator from Illinois, I thought it proper to
bring it to the attention of the Senate now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is rather an import-
ant matter, which has been before the committee
and which they considered fully, and I should
have supposed but for what was said by my friend
from Wisconsion, that the conclusion which the
committee came to was definite, and I should have
proposed as from the committee an amendment
which I have drawn; but it is entirely inconsist-
ent with that (because it is another mode of pro-
ceeding) which has been moved by the Senator
from Illinois,and I have no sortof objection to his
with certain amendments. It is a very good pro-
vision with regard to spirits; but I think that tnere
should be put into it at the same time a provision
to cover ale and beer. That could be done by in-
serting after "spirits" the words "beer, lager
beer, ale, porter, and other similar fermented liq-
uors." The Senator's amendment provides for
having the liquor sent to market and the quantity
there ascertained. Instead of that, wc have pro-
vided in the bill a specific machinery by which the
quantity and the proof shall be distinctly ascer-
tained before it goes from the distillery. I would
therefore prefer to insert in line two, of the Sena-
tor 's amendment, after "distillery, "the words "af-
ter the quantity and proof thereof shall have been
ascertained by an inspection according to the pro-
visions of this act," and to strike out the provis-
ion for ascertaining the quantity at the place
where it is sent to. Then 1 would insert, after the
word "shipped," in line seven, "and the amount
of duties upon said spirits shall be stated in the
receipt, from which amount the allowance fixed
by the act for evaporation and waste shall be de-
ducted." That would make it sufficiently definite,
and it would be a very good provision.
Mr. HARRIS. How would that operate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would operate in this
way: that before the liquor left the distillery the
quantity should be ascertained legally, and then
the amount of duties payable would be inserted
in the bill of lading to be sent forward to the other
collector so that he should know what was to be
paid, and from that he would dcducttheallowance
made by another provision of the act for evapora-
tion and waste on the journey. The distilleis are
agreed upon the proposition; they have made it;
they are satisfied with it; they are willing to pay
the duties as soon as the article arrives at the place
of destination; they only want togetit to that spot;
they do not object to paying the duties then; they
want to pay them at the depot instead of at the
distillery. The provision that I had drawn was a
simple one; I will read it:
Jindbc it further enacted, That distilled spirits, beer,lager
beer, ale, porter, and other similar fermented liquors, and
refined eoal oil, may be removed for the purpose of being
stored for sale m a place other than the place of manuiac-
ture, after the quantity thereof shall Jiuve been duly ascer-
tained, on and with the written permission of the collector
or deputy collector of the district, without payment ot the
duties thereon previous to such removal, the owner thereof
having flnt given bond in the inannei and loan directed by
the Commissioner of Internal Ilevenue,with sufficientsure-
ties in at lca t double the amount of said duties tor the pay-
ment thereof within days from the date ot said bond ;
but no s>uch articles shall be permitted to he lenioveu as
afoie^aid in any case where the per&on desiring such per-
mission Ins agent, or supeiiiitendent shall have failed to
pav the "duties on any articles previously removed under
bond av afore-aid, after the same .shall have become paya-
ble, until the same, with all proper charges, shall have been
fully paid": Provided, That no such peimission shall be
<nvcn where the amount of duties does not exceed the sum
of dollars.
I thought that would furnish security and ac-
commodation sufficient; but I have no sort of at-
tachment to it, if the Senate prefer the mode which
is pointed out in the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois. This proposition has an advantage
over that, in giving a certain number of days to
pay the duties, instead of obliging them to be paid
as soon as the article arrives at the depot.
Mr. BROWNING. The amendment, as sub-
