1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Here is a difficulty which meets us at the very-
threshold. Let the committee and Senate con-
sider it. Other persons in States now loyal, eager
to make money, to coin it out of the woes of the
country and the hopes of free Governments for
the future, if we pass over this offense of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, may seize the opportunity to
attempt further to sell arms to the confederate
States. If they should, what shall we say if we
do not expel the Senator from Indiana? How can
we punish them if we excuse him?
Mr. President, I will bring these remarks to a
close. 1 have written most of what I have said,
not so much to make a labored argument against
the Senator from Indiana, as to guard against any
extravagance of expression into which I might
have been betrayed by the earnestness ofdebate.
Mr. President,! bear the Senator from Indiana
no unkindness. I am rather grieved, and mourn
that one so long here, and so much honored by
his country, should have been ungrateful or false
to her in this her "night of affliction." But if
the Senator were my nearest friend, I would vote
to expel him, and, standing1 by the country and
her brave defenders, I would exclaim, " thy peo-
ple shall be my people. The Loid do so to me,
and more also, if aught but death part thee and
me."
Mr. President, the 1st day of March, 1861, was
an eventful day. On the 23d day of February,
previous, General Twiggs, of the United States
Army, surrendered the military foices, fortifica-
tions, and property of the United States, in Texas,
to the authorities of that State, who were then
in rebellion against the Federal Government. To
punish him for his treason, and to make him an
example to like evildoers, on the Istday of March,
1861, the patriotic Holt, then Secretary of War,
struck his name from the rolls of the Army. On
the same 1st dayofMarch the gollantand devoted
Anderson telegraphed to the Secretary of War
that the preparations for the assault upon Sumter
were nearly completed, and the attack upon his
heroic band would not long be delayed. On the
same 1st day of March, 18f>l, the Senator from
Indiana gave to Thomas I). Lincoln, ofTcxas, a
letter of introduction to Jefferson Daws to enable
him to sell to the rebel chief an improvement in
fire-arms, to be used, if used at all, against the
defenders of the Government which the Senator
had sworn to suppoit.
Senators, look at the picture. Anderson be-
leaguered and just about to be assaulted, with his
flag flying from the battlements of Sumter, feeling
and knowing that he could not much longer hold
out; the Secretary of War, at the War Office,
smiting the epauletes off the traitor Twiggs for
delivering up arms and men to the State of Texas;
and the Senator from Indiana commending " his
old fiicnd"—"reliable in every particular"—to
the presidentof the confederate Stated, to sell him
an improvement in fire-arms which should make
them more effectual in dealing wounds and death
to the patiiot soldiers of the Union 1
Mr. President, over theentiance to the old House
of Representatives is the finest design in art, m my
judgment, of which this capital can boast. His-
tory, riding in the' car of Time, is making a record
as she goes. And oh ! what a record has she made
with her iron pen for this 1st day of March, 186I.
I have sometimes fancied as i have passed and
looked at the figure that 1 could see a vail of sad-
ness over the countenance for the misery of the
nation. We can only make atonement bylettmg
her complete the record, thaton a subsequently,
for this act of unfaithfulness to his country, for
the want of that lngh consideration for and devo-
tion to her interests which characterizes the true
patriot, the Senate soh-mnly adjudged the Senator
unfit for the high duties of a Senator of the Uni-
ted States, and expelled him therefrom.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator give way, and allow as to have an execu-
tive session ?
Mr. LATHAM. I have no objection.
executive session.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate pioceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
SiSCRET SESSIONS.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senate now to take up
the amendment I submitted a few days since to
the joint rules of Congress. It is necessary that
the subject should be acted on at once. I hope
the Senate will agree to take it up.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 16, noes 14; no quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The division shows that there is not
a quorum present, and suspends all other business.
Mr. IlICE. Would it be in order to make a
few remarks at this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question now before the Senate on which it can
act, inasmuch as there is no quorum present com-
petent to act.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Sermfco will allow me
to say one word. I see the Senate is not in a
temper to take this subject up and pass it now.
I wish they would, because I am in possession of
reasons that induce me to believe that the public
welfare demands it; but the Senate do not under-
stand it and will not pass it to-night. I only want
to say, therefore, that I hope they will take it up
the first thing on Monday morning and dispose
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Having been
callcd up now, if the Senate should adjourn upon
it, it comes up as the unfinished business at its
next session.
Mr. RICE. I wish merely to remark that many
times during this and prior sessions this scene has
been enacted. We go into executive session al-
ways at a late hour when it is difficult to keep a
quorum, and if it is desirable to do business after-
wards it i! found impossible for want of a quorum.
I hope hereafter that the Senate will go into ex-
ecutive session at an earlier hour.
Mr. DIXON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate agreed to adjourn until Mon-
day next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a priv-
ileged motion; but there is no quorum present to
consider any motion except to adjourn.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 24, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House acommunication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting, in compliance
with the act of March 2,1861. the result of an ex-
amination into the accounts of the late superin-
tendent of the Fort Ridgley and South Pass wagon
road; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be punted.
report from the couitt of claims.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a report of the Court of
Claims on cases numbering from two hundred and
eighty-seven to two hundred and ninety,inclusive.
The bills were read a first and second time, and
the bills and lepoits refened to a Committee of
the Whole House, and oidored to be printed.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Tin1 SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of a report from the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. FENTON. I osk the gentleman from Ohio
to give way a moment, that I may present resolu-
tions from the Legislature of the State of New
York.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. As that is an ex-
ceptional case, I will yield.
fhat;ds on the government, etc.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a preamble and resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of New Yoik; which were road,
as follows;
ktatp ok \"f\v york.
In Assfmbly, Ar.3any, January 17, 1832.
On motion of Mr. Ogden:
Wheieas this House have hoard with surpiise, pain, and
regret the disclosures recently made in Congress of gross
frauds, peculations, and eorruption in connection with sup-
plies for our armies; and whereas these nefarious transac-
tions largely increase the public expenditures and increase
the burdens of the people, and at the same time bring scan-
dal upon fiee government, and are sapping the foundation
of the Republic; and wheieas public confidence in the in-
tegnty of public officers, and houesty ami frugality in the
expenditures of public money is,at this time above all oth-
ers, essential to the public good, the national credit, and
the successful prosecution or the present war on the part of
the General Government: Thcreloic,
Be it resolved, That this Ass-enthly respcctfuify ask Con-
gress to enact further and suitable laws to prevent pecula-
tion and frauds in providing supply foroui armies, and to
make public the namos of tho«e who engage therein, and
provide penalties lor the punishmcntof all persons who, in
connection with, or under the guise of Army contracts, or
otherwise, plunder the public Tiea-any j and also provide
safeguaids, so that s-oldiers in the field and camp shall be
protected from the extortion of Army sutlers.
Resolved, Tliat Ins Excellency tlie Governor be requested
to transmit to our Senators and members of Congress copies
of the preceding preamble and resolution5!.
By order: j. B. CUSHMAN, Clerk.
Mr. FENTON. The special committee on
Army contracts have had the subject of which
this resolution treats under consideration; and
when a bill was introduced some weeks since for
the punishment of frauds, &c., one of its mem-
bers [Mr. Holman] moved that it be referred to
that committee; but the House made a different
disposition of it, and, I believe, referred it to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and I have no knowl-
edge of its being heard from in this House since.
It is an important subject, and calls for immediate
legislation. Therefore I move that these resolu-
tions be referred to the select committee for the
investigation of Army contracts, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM.. X now call for the
regular order of business.
JOIIN G. MINI.
The regular order of business was the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 223) to render valid
and authorize the extension of the letters patent
granted to John G. Mini, on the 13th day of No-
vember, 1844, and reissued on the 24th day 6i
August, 1852.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
letters patent granted to John G. Mini, on the
13th of November, 1814, for an improvement in
the manufacture of lampblack, and reissued on
the 24th of August, 1852, shall be deemed valid,
with the same effect as-if they had been origin-
ally granted to him as a subject of France; and
authoiizes the Commissioner of Patents to ex-
tend the patent for a period of seven yeais, if, in
his judgment, the invention is novel, useful, val-
uable, and important to the public, and the appli-
cant for extension having made all reasonable ef-
ort to introduce the invention into general use, has
not been adequately remunerated for his time and
expenses in discovering and perfecting it; provided
the application for an extension shall be made
within six months from the passageof the act.
Mr. DUNN. The parties who appear to have
an interest in this matter desire a little further
time, and, with the indulgence of the House, 1
will move that its further consideiation be post-
poned until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOIt E. 1). J3AKJBR.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution; winch was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the eulogies dellv-
eied on the occasion of the .umounecniont of the death of
Hon Edward 1). linker, Senator fiom Oieicon.be piintod
for the use ot tlie IJoti.se.
«The SPF.AKER announced, as the next busi-
ness m order, a call of the committees for reports,
and proceeded to the call.
WILIJAM Y. STRONG.
Mr. TRIMBLE, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of William
Y. Strong.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and diiects
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to William
Y. Strong, out of any monpy m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, fifty dollars, being the
amount paid by him into the Treasury on the 27th
of January,1845.
The report was read.
Mr. TRIMBLE. With the permission of the
House, 1 will say that a bill similar to this, with
