2460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
njitted by myself, was not prepared by me; it was
furnished by manufacturers from Illinois, who are
interested in the subject-matter. They make no
objection at all to the amount of duty imposed
upon liquor, but desired this amendment to re-
lieve them from the difficulty of raising the neces-
sary funds to make payments in the short time
limited by the original bill, and at the place of
manufacture—it would subject them to a great
deal of inconvenience—and also to protect them-
selves from the payment of duties upon a greater
amount of spirits than they actually manufacture
and send away. They furnished me a memoran-
dum showing the amount of loss from leakage,
soakage, &c., in the transportation of spirits from
the place of manufacture to the place of sale.
This states the product of one establishment in
Illinois, for the year 1861, at 612,953 gallons, as
ascertained at the establishment where it was man-
ufactured; and the total of sales, both at home
and abroad, was 538,251 gallons, showing a loss
from leakage, soakage, &c., of 74,702 gallons.
Whether the provision in the original bill would
cover this 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state that we had
these statements made before the committee of the
amount of leakage, evaporation, &c., and it was
satisfactorily shown that the fair average would
be about five per cent. In some cases it is more;
in some cases it is less. We have made a pro-
vision for that amount; we must put a limit some-
where. We have made a provision for a deduc-
tion in all cases to an amount not exceeding live
per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The very gentleman to
whom the Senator from Illinois refers was before
the committee, if I remember correctly, and stated
that there was some difficulty about cooperage
sometimes; and that may have been the cause of
tin? cess
Mr. FESSENDEN. They lose sometimesfrom
accidents and from defective barrels; and that the
Government ought not to be responsible for.
Mr. BROWNING. I do not profess to have
any such acquaintance with this subject as would
authorize me to speak with any degree of cer-
tainty in regard to it. Indeed, I do not profess to
have any acquaintance Willi it at all. The amend-
ment, as I have uhcady remarked, was furnished
mo by manufacturers who are interested in the
subject, and I am by no moans wedded to that. I
think its provisions in the main are very just, and
ought to lie adopted; but the chairman of the com-
mittee, who has devoted so much time and atten-
tion to this subject, is unquestionably much bet-
ter qualified to speak in reference to it than I am.
I am not wedded to any proposition; and without
the acquaintance that the manufacturers have on
this subject, the impicssioti produced on my
mind by the reading of the amendment prepared
by the chairman of the committee was that his
amendment would, perhaps, accomplish the ob-
ject as well, if not better. Whether it would be
acceptable to the manufacturers, I do not know;
and I wish fairly to represent them in this matter.
The amendment that they have proposed secures,
beyond all reasonable doubtor apprehension, the
prompt payment of the duties as soon as the arti-
cle shipped has reached the place of destination
wheie it is to be sold; and if the quantity is ascer-
tained theie, as the amendment provides for ascer-
taining it at the place of sale, J apprehend there
would be no fraud, and could bo no fraud, upon
the Government m that respect. There could be
no fraud by paying duties on a less amount than
actually went forward to sale; for the amount is
to be ascertained by the collector at the place of
sale, or under his direction; and the payment is
to be made to him fiom the proceeds of the sale.
But if the other proposition was, as the chairman
states, satisfactory to these manufacturers, and if
it is deemed preferable by the committee, of
course 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I never showed this to
the manufacturers.
Mr. BROWNING. Not that, but the mode of
ascertaining the deduction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
statement hefoie us was that the loss was gener-
ally trom eight per cent, down, sometimes as high
as eight per cent. We took five per cent, as the
tan aveiage. The Government cannot take the
responsibility of all the losses by transportation
Mr. BROWNING. All I desire isPt0 get tm
amendment in the bill that will secure substantial
justice to these men. This isa very large interest
in Illinois, and indeed in most of the western
States, and if they are secured by the provisions
of the bill substantial justice and afforded rea-
sonable facilities for paying the duties out of the
proceeds of the article manufactured, it is all, I
suppose, that they desire, and certainly all that I
des.ire.
Sir. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
the'security is better as the Senator has drawn it,
because he retains all the liens, and it is in the
hands of the collector until the duties are paid
and the article il^sold.
Mr. BROWNING. The bill of lading is sent
to the collector.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Thesection Ihavedrawn
substitutes a bond. I thought on the whole it
might be as well when it went out from the man-
ufacturer, that the Government should have no
more trouble with it, but should have the manu-
facturer's bond with sureties for the payment of
the duties.
Mr. BROWNING. There is only one other
thing I desire to suggest, that in the event of the
amendment being adopted as it is, for the ascer-
tainment of the quantity, it will be necessary,
then, to make some additional amendments to the
bill to save the expense and trouble to the manu-
facturer of having the quantity twice ascertained.
The bill provides for that duty being performed
at the place of manufacture. If this amendment
is adopted as it is presented, it requires the quan-
tity of spirits to be ascertained at the place of sale;
and the two taken together would encumber them
with the expense and trouble of twice ascertain-
ing the quantity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no way, with any
safety to the Government,ofdispensing with ascer-
taining the quantity at the place of man ufacture bo-
fore it leaves it, because it maybe changed on the
way, one barrel substituted for another, and there
might be an infinite chance for fraud. The secu-
rity of the Government requires that before it
leaves the manufacturer it shall be, under the pro-
visions of this act, properly inspected and marked,
so that it shall be known precisely what the bar-
rels contain, and the amount of duties fixed upon
them. If that is omitted, and they may be sent
by land or water to any place to be inspected af-
terwards, and the amount of duties there ascer-
tained, the Government may be cheated out of
half of them. If fifty barrels are sent, fifty bar-
rels will be delivered; but whether they are the
same fifty barrels, so far as the contents are con-
cerned, nobody knows. If they are properly
inspected before leaving the place of manufacture,
there is a security. If they choose to have an
inspection again, it may be gauged to ascertain
the actual loss, but that is always paid by the per-
son who owns the liquor.
Mr. BROWNING. I have no objection to any
precaution which is deemed necessary by the
chairman of the committee to protect the Govern-
ment against fraud and imposition; but I desire
that it shall be done with as little expense and
trouble to the manufacturers as can be. I do not
want them subjected to any unnecessary expense
in the matter, whilst I am perfectly willing that
all precautions shall be taken, and all safeguards
interposed to protect the Government. I suppose
they will not object to that. It is proper that that
should be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless the Senato r accepts
the amendments I have suggested, I shall move
this as a substitute for his.
Mr. BROWNING. What is the proposition?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The one I read, as a sub-
stitute for the Senator's amendment, requiring
bond for the payment of the duties.
Mr. BROWNING. I do not feel at liberty to
accept it, as I act only at the request of the man-
ufacturers, and as I frankly acknowledge my own
ignorance of this subject. If it be acceptable to
them, it would be to me; and if there had been
nothing said to me on the subject, the inclination
of my own mind would be to take the amendment
of the chairman of the committee.
Air. SHERMAN. With one modification the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Maine
is, in my judgment, far piefeiable to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois. The
Senator from Maine proposes that the bond shall
stipulate that the duty shall be paid within 
days after the date of the bond. I do not think
that would be a correct provision. I prefer that it
should fix a given number of days after the date
of the sale of the liquor, not to exceed say six
months from the time of shipment, allowing a rea-
sonable time. I think that ought to be done. I
think the manufacturers of this productought to be
allowed a reasonable time to sell it. If six months
is too long, put it at three months. You have the
duty fixed by the bond; you have the security;
when it is sold, the duty is to be paid at once.
Otherwise, if you fix it at thirty days from the
time of shipment, you give him thirty days'credit
on the amount of the duties, whether the article
is sold or not. You compel him, force him to sell
it within a short period, when probably he ought
to avail himself of the benefit of the market.
There is no reason why the Government should
not allow the manufacturer of this article to have
the full.benefit of the market by giving him a rea-
sonable time within which to sell the product. If
you limit the time by the date of the bond, you
compel him to sell the article within a very short
time at probably a great sacrifice, when by hold-
ing on to it a little longer, as he would otherwise
do, he might save a considerable sum of money.
With that modification, I think the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maine is much the
best, being the most certain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
is more particularly guarding an interest which
the distillers do not ask him to guard. They pre-
pared their own amendment, by which they pro-
vide that the duties shall be paid as soon as the
article arrives at the place of destination, without
any time being allowed. They do not ask time.
They only ask that the duties maybe paid at the
place of destination instead of at the place of man-
ufacture. There is no time fixed in the amend-
ment which I have drawn u.p. I merely give them
a blank number of days to pay in.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is estimated, and is a
fact in the trade, as I am informed, that as soon
as the article goes forward to its proper market it
passes from the hands of thedistillerinto the hands
of the merchant. It is a thing that meets almost
immediate sale. Upon an average, taking winter
and summer, the whole product gets intp market
at forty-five days from the time of its shipmentat
the West. Now, lam in favor of having the blank
filled with " sixty days, "giving time for the liquor
to be sent forward and get into market. It will
not do to give six months' credit to the distiller,
who never holds the article in hands for more
than sixty days. It is not in the order of busi-
ness in which they are engaged. It does not be-
long to their commerce. By filling up the blank
with "sixty days," it gives a margin of fifteen
days over the time of sending it forward, and I
think we shall get along very well with that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing to fill the
blank with " forty-five."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will take forty-five,
but sixty days was suggested before, the chair-
man will remember.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was left blank on pur-
pose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think sixty days would
be better, so as to give full time, because the bonds
are held to be sufficient security for the Govern-
ment. I will say to the Senator from Illinois that
the amendment which he has proposed I prepared
myself substantially, some time since, before it
ever was in print, and I intended to introduce it
as an amendment, but I yielded to the proposition
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
thinking he had made a better pi ovision, making
a definite time for payment and taking bond, which
1 believe is safer really than trusting it out to be
exchanged, to be passed by permits, which was
the idea I first embraced.
Mr. HOWE. This is really a very important
question; it is especially an importantquestion to
the manufacturers in the West. To all manufac-
turers at a distance fiom the markets it is very
important. They have one object to accomplish
perfectly laudable, and that is to avoid paying to
the Government duties on an article which they
never get anything for. It was shown to the sat-
isfaction of the committee that the loss on all these
shipments was very heavy. Of course it could
not be shown exactly what the loss was. The
committee was satisfied that it reached five per
cent. I believe all the members of the committee
