1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
bis splendid oration upon the subject of slavery
the other day, that slavery was not destroyed by
local legislation either in the British West India
Islands or in San Domingo. That is true. If the
people of England and of France had had the same
interest in slavery, and in the sugar and cotton
and coffee plantations of those islands, that the
residents of the islands had, they never would
have entered upon that work of emancipation.
Suppose the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts now and every one of us owned two thou-
sand acres of cotton land, and had upon it a hun-
dred hands, and the annual produce of this estate
of land and labor was one thousand or one thou-
sand two hundred bales of cotton a year, yielding
an income of $50,000. Suppose every Senator
was thus possessed of this property, I ask how
many of these Senators, without regard to their
locality or their present opinions, would be will-
ing to give up such an estate for nothing? The
man is green indeed who believes that one of them
would. [Laughter.] Why,Mr. President, these
gentlemen, New En^landers, with all their hardi-
ness, their thrift, their intellect, their energy, their
inventive genius, their great and glorious devel-
opment of mind, go to the South and they possess
themselves of cotton and sugar estates, and of
large numbers of slaves; they make the most en-
ergetic and successful planters in the land; they
bring all the hardy attributes of their own hab-
its and characteristics to push these cultivations
with success; and they are notoriously the hardest
masters in the whole land.
Who is Albert Pike, who is now employing a
brigade of Indians to take part in this war, and
sculping oui dead soldieis to the disgrace of the
age? Who is he but a Yankee—and I use the
phrase in no derogatory sense; I honor the name
of Yankee, [ admire it, and I do homage to it. It
was that race and that name and their bravery
and energies that carried us through the war of
the Revolution, and that bore the stars and the
stripes victoriously upon the highway of nations
in every buttle during the war of 1812 where there
was anything like an equality of fotcc. Who is
this man Siidell? He is a northern man. 1 know
him. I believe ho is the boldest and the worst
man I ever knew. You, gentlemen, when you
claim distinctive characteristics from the southern
men, do not base that position upon truth and
philosophy. We arc the cieaturesof the circum-
stances that surround us, and of education. If
you and I had been born and reared in Constan-
tinople, we should have been Mussulmans, if we
had been brought, up in desolate Utah, the hon-
orable Senator might have been a poiygamist; i
never would have'been. [Laughter.]
But the Senator from Massachusetts says truly
that the legislation which disenthralled the slaves
in the West India Islands was alien legislation—it
was not the legislation of the people who owned
the property. 1 read many years ago the history
of the troubles of San Domingo, and I have re-
viewed very cursorily some of the facts within the
last few days. It was the madness and the, fanat-
icism and the wild notions of the right of mankind,
as promulged by the French atheists ami revolu-
tionists of 1780 and 1793, that precipitated the
island of San Domingo in to revolution and brought
on all the horrors there that were the most shock-
ing to humanity of which I ever read. There were
three classes in that island; there were negroes in
servitude; there were mulattoes who were fiee,
and who occupied something like a middle posi-
tion; and then there were the proprietors of the
lands. When the States General resolved itself
into the National Convention, the members as-
sumed the right to regulate, upon their own wild
and mischievous and volcanic theories, the reli-
gion, the society, and the concerns not only of
France, but of all their islands. They adopted a
constitution in general tonus that would embrace
the slave and mulatto population just as our Dec-
laration of Independence in the broadest teims
would embrace slaves and negroes; but we all
know, as a historical fact, that neither the one nor
the other instiument was ever intended to embrace
or does embrace negroes at all.
What took place then in San Domingo > The
mulattoes first claimed that as they owned one
third of the real estate of the island and one fourth
of the personal property, they should have equal
rights with the whites. Ogee came from London.
He had been a colonel in the service of one of the
German Powers. He placed himself at the head
of his caste, and he struck for equal rights. That
commenced the revolution in Iiayti. In a few
months afterwards a society calling themselves
"the friends of the negro," that had its origin
under the auspices of Brissot, commenced their
mischievous operations, and claimed the universal
liberation of the slaves. What were the conse-
quences? That servile war which afterwards en-
sued, and which has subjected that island, the
queen of the Antilles, I might almost say, to ne-
gro dominion; and that has decreased its annual
productive industry from §28,000,000 to five or
six millions.
Now, Mr. President, we have a party in this
country cailcd abolitionists, analogous to these
incendiaries in France, " the friends of the negro."
Brissot abandoned the " Mountain" party. We
arc getting a Mountain party in the United States,
and we too have the " Girondists," a moderate
party. I never intended to charge that the mass
of the Republican party in Congress or out of
Congress belonged to the " Mountain," in this
country—that they were abolitionists; but there is
a party in this country who believe that their mis-
sion is to overthrow slavery, and they are march-
ing to this work regardless of the Constitution
of the United States, of all its compromises, and
of all the rights which it secures to the States
and to the citizens. Sir, it is in defense of the
Constitution of the United States, with all its lim-
itations of power, with all the rights that it se-
cures to the States and to the people, with all its
restrictions upon Congress as a Government of
limited and delegated powers, that the great Union
party of the United States have drawn the sword,
and my State has entered into this grand army of
Union men to put down rebels and conspirators
against the Constitution. She has one hundred and
seventy to one hundred and eighty thousand mili-
tary popuhuion. She has only, as 1 before said,
from five to eight thousand of that population who
have entered into the secession armies; and she has
sent thirty thousand, about one sixth of her entire
military population, into the Union Army. That
population will fight there side by side with the
hardy and brave soldiery from Iowa, and the
whole Noithwest, until this work of subjection
and bringing back the lebcls to their obedience tu
the Government is consummated once and for-
ove t\
But, Mr President, we stand upon the Consti-
tution; we arc fighting for the Constitution as
Washington and his associates made it, and as it
has been expounded by the Supreme Court; wo
are fighting for those immortal constitutional prin-
ciples of libeity and of security to the rights of
property, without which that sacred instrument
could never have been formed and agreed to by
the States. The Constitution is the ark of our
liberty; it is the bond of our Union. When that
magic bond is broken and severed into fragments,
the Union and liberty are gone forever. The Con-
stitution and the Union are now assailed by two
enemies. They are assailed by the confederate
States; by the immense army which they have
brought into the field. I never apprehended any
ultimate danger there. On the day that I heard
of the battle of Bull Run, I felt equally confident,
and moie determined, as an humble citizen of the
United States, that the war should be waged and
should continue to be waged until the rebels were
brought to obedience to the Constitution and the
laws. And that is my purpose now: and it is the
purpose of the Union men of my State.
But there is another enemy to the Constitution.
That enemy is the abolition party. I do not know
whether it has any real followers in the Senate or
not. ^ I hope it has not, but it has m the country.
Phillips and Cheever and Greeley and others we
know belong to that abolition party. They are
determined to ovci throw slaver y; they are determ-
ined to overthrow the Constitution, if it be ne-
cessary, to abolish slavery. They want no Union,
no reconstruction, except upon the condition of
the total abolition of slavery. What do they say
of the Constitution ? That it is a covenant with
death and a league with hell, and that they have
no compromise for slaveholders. I say to the men
who hold to that position and who act upon it,
who make that position the impulse of their ac-
tion in civil or military life, that they are worse
enemies of the Union and of the Constitution than
Jeff Davis and all his hosts in battle. True Union
men will make the like war on both. 1 know that
that is the sentiment and the purpose of the sol-
diery of the West. It is of my own people. We
will never abandon the deck of the ship of State.
The Union we will never abandon.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope you will keep that
pledge.
Mr. DAVIS. I will keep it, sir, and so far as
I have voice and power the Union shall never be
dissolved by an abrogation of the Constitution by
the abolition party or by Jeff Davis and his hosts.
I hold them to be equally enemies to constitutional
liberty, to the peace of the country, and to recon-
struction. Yea, the men who make this insidious
war upon the Constitution, under the guise of hu-
manity and philanthropy, are the worst enemies
of the two; they are the most dangerous. The
heart of the Union men in Kentucky keeps time
to the music of the Union, and so long as their
hearts beat they will keep time to that glorious mu-
sic, and under that consecrated Hag they are ready
to meet all enemies, domestic or foreign, avowed
or secret; enemies that have the manliness to take
the open field in battle array against it, or those
who seek insidiously and covertly, under the guise
of philanthropy and humanity, to overthrow that
sacred instrument and this Union, which ought
to be immortal. We have planted ourselves upon
the Constitution. Our ensign and our only en-
sign is the stars and the stripes. If rail it must,
either by the attacks of the secessionists or by the
attacks of the abolitionists, we will endeavor, each
one for himself, to tear a glorious fragment from
that flag, wind it around our bodies as we fall in
death in its support, and it shall be our winding
sheet.
But, Mr. President, I said to the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that his State was the
hot-bed, the very place of origin of every political
heresy that has been set up in any part of the
country. I am satisfied that this is the fact, un-
less, perhaps, in relation to the Virginia doctrine
of State rights, and 1 believe that in point of pri-
ority of time Massachusetts is even ahead of old
Virginia herself in that noxious principle. 1 will
give the gentleman some examples in a few min-
utes. I hardly know of any political, religious,
or social mischievous and noxious ism but what
had its origin in Massachusetts. The first seces-
sion flag that was ever formed and reared in the
United States and thrown to the breeze, was in
Massachusetts against the embargo law, previous
to the last war with Great Britain. Many states-
men and newspapers of Massachusetts then ad-
vocated secession from the Union; and they pro-
posed that the old thirteen should secede from the
Union, leaving the West to itself. 1 have the
book before me that contains these facts.
Look at the course of Massachusetts and Ver-
mont in the war of 1812. I am sorry to introduce
the State of Vermont. She was that st bright par-
ticular star" which, in the days of old Whigism,
never set. She committed some early errois, lured
by the example and the moral power of Massa-
chusetts; but she soon disenthralled herself from
the fatal toil and has been acting a constitutional,
patriotic, and conservative pait ever since; and I
wish to God that all the men in this Congress
from New England were of the same stamp as her
two noble Senators on this floor. The militia of
Vermont and Massachusetts were called out to go
to New York, some of them to Plattsburg. Gov-
ernor Strong tooktheground that he would recall
the militia of his State from the service of the
United States, notwithstanding they had been
mustered into that service, and he instigated Gov-
ernor Chittenden to take the same position, and
he did take the same position, and they both issued
proclamations recalling their troops from the bor-
der where they had marched out of the boundaries
of their own States to meet our common enemy.
What did that noble and gallant soldiery do?
They declared that their allegiance to the Govern-
ment and authorities of the United States was
higher than their allegiance to their own State
Governments and their own State Governors, and
they refused to march back.
Again: Mr. Ciuincy, in the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, proposed a resolution that it was un-
becoming a Christian people to lejoice over our
victories by sea and by land. Whatelsc? Many
of our soldiers and our tars were made captives,
and they weie placed upon British ships, in
crowded and unwholesome holds, where many
