480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24.
mi it&Y aas1168Q—I say I suggest whether under
these circumstances they ought not to be excluded
from the provisions of this act. They do not he-
long to the savage tribes, and never have belonged
to them. There is no record of any authentic
historian that can be found, from the discovery
of this country down to the present time, that can
establish the fact that they were ever any other
than an agricultural people, not living by the
chase, or in any manner whatever connected with
the ordinary savage tribes of the country for whom
this bill was intended.
I am ready to go as far as any member of the
Committee on Indian Affairs for striking down
this traffic among the Indians, or anybody else.
But, at the same time, I do not see why, when
thirty thousand white people are permitted to kill
themselves by the inordinate use of intoxicating
liquors annually, the poor, ignorant savage might
not be permitted to enjoy the same glorious lux-
ury. [Laughter.] If it is an easy and pleasant
way to die, why not permit the poor Indian, for
whom oursympathiesrun outin an uninterrupted
stream, to enjoy the privilegeofdyingin that glo-
rious manner? [Laughter"]  
Now, sir, you never can, although you may
legislate on the subject until the end of time,pre-
vent the use of intoxicating liquors, either by
white men or red men, where they are addicted
to its use or have an appetite for it, until you stop
the making of it. Anu if it is not right to use it,
why it is not right to make it. "If it is right to make
it, you must expect people to obtain it in some
way, and use it, ho matter what shifts it may be
necessary to resort to in order to evade the law.
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to detain the House
with any further remarks in relation to this sub-
ject; but I deem it important that this proviso,
offered by me as an amendment lo the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] be
adopted, in order that the present legislation, what-
ever it maybe, may harmonize with the existing
legislation of the Territory of New Mexico upon
the same subject.
Mr. COX. I offered this amendment the other
day, not with any design to impair the efficiency
of the bill reported by the gentleman from New
Hampshire. I offered it with the intent to make
the bill, if possible, more perfect, or to perfect it
in order that it may be executed. I think that
this bill might, in some particulars, have been
improved, by the further consideration of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and in some re-
spects made more valuable, both to the Indians
and the whites.
I wish the HouseofRepresontatives and the peo-
ple would take a little more interest in the Indians.
1 wish that this 13 ouse would devote just a little of
the sympathy that they pour out. upon another
class of colored people, upon the Indians. But I
do not rise, Mr. Speaker, to say anything of a hu-
manitarian character, although we have mo much
of that here in the House that it seems we cannot
excite the interest of gentlemen in any question
unless we icfer somewhat to the humanitarian
view of the subject.
Now, sir, it is my belief, that the Indians, for
the last twenty years, have been murdered by the
negligence of the Federal Government—not for
want of proper care upon the pmt of the Indian
or Interior Department. But I know this to be
true, that the War Department has murdered
pretty much ail of them that the Interior Depart-
ment could not civilize. And here m this very
bill is a provision giving some special privilege to
the War Department to allow its officers to carry
liquors into the Indian country. Air. Speaker, in
my judgment this whole mntter ought to he left to
the Indian Offic^and the Indian superintendents
and agents.
Mr. OLIN. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I desire to make one inquiry.
1 wish to ask the gentleman if he has ever ex-
amined into the proceedings or conduct of the
vauous Indian agencies since the superintend-
ency of Indian affairs was transferred from Ai my
officers to civilians?
Mr. COX. I have had the good fortune, sir, to
have had a constituent—Colonel Manyp'mny—
who was Commissioner of Indian xlffuirs for four
years, since Mr. Pieiee's administration, and I
have happened to have the acquaintance of Gov-
ernor Medill, who was for four years Indian
Commissioner, during the administration of Mr.
Polk, and from conversation with them, and from
the knowledge I have obtained upon the subject
from other sources, I am led to the conclusion
that all the efforts of the Indian Office and of the
Interior Department have been foiled by the con-
duct of the War Department, especially under the
administration of Jefferson Davis.
MESSAGE EROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate bf Mr.
Forney , their Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate had passed an act (No. 112) to authorize
a change of appropriation for the payment of ne-
cessary expenditures in the service of the United
States for Indian affairs, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill of this
House (No. 238) to pay the expenses of the spe-
cial committee of the House of Representatives
appointed July 8,1861, to ascertain and report in
regard to contracts with any department of the
Government for provisions, supplies, transporta-
tion, &c., with an amendment, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I askthattheamendment
to that bill may be taken up, and concurred in.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I object,
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suppose the gentle-
man from Ohio is opposed to this bill.
INDIAN INTERCOURSE ACT AGAIN.
Mr. OLIN. Without desiring to interrupt the
gentleman, 1 take occasion to say here now, that
after the most careful examination of the simple
question, how much it cost the Government by the
transfer of the superintendency of Indian affairs
from the TJniicd States Army to officers in civil
life, I am fully persuaded that it has cost this Gov-
ernment already untold millions of dollars in addi-
tion to all the Indian wars that have cursed the
continent for the last ten years, and I am prepared
on any occasion to demonstrate it to the House.
Mr. COX. It is a little irrelevant to the debate
just now; but my judgment does not agree ex-
actly with that of the member from New York.
I believe that nearly all these Indian wars and
Indian tronbhs have been pioduced by white
scoundrels, who have gone into the midst of the
Indian country foi filthy lucre; and I believe that
officers of the Army, many of them, have gone
upon the principle that the Indians ought, all of
them, to be wiped out and forever exterminated.
I believe they have proceeded upon that theory
without regard to consequences, to civilization,
or humanity.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to this bill. I am very
jealous of giving any power to the War Depart-
ment, even as to this matter of sending liquor
among tin; Indians. I distrust anything that they
do m the Indian country. And I can demonstrate
at some other time the pernicious influences which
result from the conduct of our Army olliccis in
the Indian territory; and that, too, in spite of the
efforts of our Indian agents to produce a better
state of things among the Indians.
The old law provided a penalty of §300, and it
provided for search, seizure, and coniiscation of
the liquor. It pi ovuled also for the destruction of
the liquorintroducQd amongst the Indians. That
law is to be simply amended, because the penal-
ties ore not stringent enough. I would favor the
passage of any law that couid be executed. This
1 louse must distinguish as to the gravamen of the
offense, and the intent of the party taking liquor
mto the Indian country.
Mr. ALDRICH. Will the gentleman from
Ohio explain to the House how we can ascertain
what is the intent of uny man who takes liquor
into the Indian territory5 He may not take it
there with any disposition fo sell it to the Indians
himself, but with an intention to sell it to a friend,
whose pui pose it may be to sell it to the Indians.
Mr. COX. Neaily half of our penal statutes
arc based upon the intent of the peison who com-
mitted any crime. The court will ascertain the
intent from the facts presented to it. This law
provides for a trial, and the intent will come out'
m tin1 course of that aial.
As I was about to observe, in the Territory of
Colorado the whites have been in the habit of
bringing in liquor for the purpose of selling it to
the miners and others of their own color. Those
men have passed the most stringent laws possible
to be executed, against its dispensation to the In-
dians. They drive men out of the Territory who
arc found trafficking with the Indians in liquor.
The best way is to leave this matter to the Terri-
tories, and to see if they cannot regulate this thing
more stringently. If you make a law, however,
which will punish with a fine of $500 and impris-
onment in the penitentiary for two years any white
man who brings liquor in there for its disposition
and sale to the Indians, then you will take away
the motive of the white men to enforce their own
laws against this bad traffic. You will permit
certain lawyers, as I am advised by the Delegates
of the Territories, to stir up strife and litigation,
and make endless cost to the Government.
I am gratified to see any effort made in any way
to stop this traffic in liquor and to ameliorate the
condition of the Indians in our Territories or upon
the border. I would endeavor to strengthen the
local legislation if possible; and in cases of doubt
I would listen to the suggestions of the Delegates
of the Territories, who know best what ought to
be done in the premises. And, sir, it was upon
the suggestion of the Delegates of the Territories
themselves that I moved this amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business upon
the Speaker's table.
The question-was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
ADDITIONAL CLERICAL FORCE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
bill No. 107, authorizing an increase of clerical
forcc in the War and Navy Departments, with
amendments of the Senate to the amendments of
the House.
The amendments of the Senate were read:
1. TJie Senate disagree to the amendment of the House,
striking out, in line live, "in the office of the Adjutant
General eighteen eleiks of class one;" and
9. The Senate agree to the amendment of the House to
strike out the second section of the bill, as follows :
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the chief clerk
of the War Department may be appointed disbursing agent
of the Department, arid may receive the salary affixed to
that office by the actof March, 1853, in addition to his pay
as said elnet clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that that bill and
the amendments be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
House recede from its first amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
DEFENSES OE "WASHINGTON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the bill (H. R. No. 1G5) making an appijopriation
for the completion of the defenses of Washington,
with the amendments of the Senate thereto.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that that bill and
the amendments of the Senate be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. I think that we
are badly off if we have not now defenses enough
around "Washington.
The motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
238) to pay the expenses of the special committee
of the House of Representatives, appointed July 8,
1861, to ascertain and report in regaid to contracts
with any department of the Government for pro-
visions, supplies, transportation, &c.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out the words " the. said amount to be drawn from
the Trcasuiy by the Ser<:,j<mt-at-Aims of the IIousc ot tfep-
re?entativo<?, who is heieby directed to pay the expenses of
the said committee, under the approval and dirccuon of its
chaiiinan and m iiou thereof insert the following:
And fcaid sum thall be drawn fiom the Treasiny upon the
Older of the Seii-eant-at-Aims of the House of Represent-
atives, as the same s-hall be required from tunc to tune by
the committee having such investigation in clnngc.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the House
concur m the amendment of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
