THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- N
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHING-TON, D. 0.-
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1862.
New Series.31;
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
Senate joint resolution No. 35, for the payment
of the joint committee of Congress, appointed to
inquire into the conduct of the war; which was
read a first and second time by its title.
The joint resolution appropriates $10,000 to pay
the expenses of that joint committee, to be drawn
from the Treasury upon the order of the Secre-
tary of the Senate as the same shall be required
by said committee.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also mpved tfcat the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN SERVICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
Senate bill No. 112, to authorize a change in the
appropriations for the payment of the necessary
expenses of the service of the United States for
Indian Affairs; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
OVERLAND EMIGRANTS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to report
back, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
Senate bill No. 99, to provide for the protection
of overland emigrants to California, Oregon, and
Washington Ten itory, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. EDWARDS. I object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It will not take ten
minutes. After a brief explanation, I will call for
the previous question.
Mr. EDWARDS. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Let the bill* be read
for information.
The report was received.
The bill provides that, for the protection of emi-
grants oti the overland routes between the Atlan-
tic States and California, Oregon, and Washington
Territory, the sum of $25,000 be appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to bo expended under the direction of the
Secretary of War, if, in his judgment, the same
may be necessary.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I pre-
fer not to occupy the time of the House, but that
an explanation of the bill should be made by the
gentleman from California. He has promised not
to occupy more than five or ten minutes, and then
to call tor the previous question. lie is more in-
timately acquainted with the subject than any other
member.
Mr. SA RGENT. I have no disposition to oc-
cupy the time of the House, but I will simply say
that, in the appropiiation act for the support of
the Army, passed in February, 1861, a provision
of a similar nature was included, which reads as
follows:
" Src. 3. And be it further enacted, That foi the protec-
tion ot cnngiants ou the oveikuid loutes between the At-
lantic slop.* ami the California and Oiogon and Washing-
ton fiontici. the sum of£50,000 is hereby apptopnated out
of any money in the Tiea^uiy not otherwise appiopriated,
to be expended under the dueetion of the Seeretaiy of War,
if, in his, judgment, the same may be necessary
The proceedings under that act were placed in
the hands of an Army officer. But $30,000 of that
appropriation was expended, but by a judicious
expenditure of that sum a vast amount of prop-
erty, as well as many lives of the overland emi-
grants of that year, were saved_. The manner in
winch the operation was conducted under the bill
was this: cattle and other supplies were taken
along upon the overland emigrant route, and as
this vast emigration came along to the various
points they were assisted by this Army officer and
his company, their worn out cattle exchanged for
81
better ones, and thus they were enabled to go
through without that immense suffering and loss
which occurred to the emigration of previous
years.
Another feature of it, and perhaps the most im-
portant and valuable one, is that at slight expense
backwoodsmen and frontiersmen, men familiar
with Indian warfare, were induced to place their
rifles upon their shoulders and go out with these
overland emigrants to protect them against the in-
cursions of the Indians, which in previous years
had marked the path of those overland emigrants
with victims of barbarous massacre.
There are $20,000 left of the appropriation of
last year, and we now propose to add to that un-
expended appropriation $25,000, making in all
$45,000, not one dollar of which is to be expended
unless in the opinion of the Secretary of War it
shall be deemed necessary. It is designed that
the same faithful hands that administered the ap-
propriation last year shall again have charge of
this matter hereafter.
This is not a matter of local legislation, or for
the particular benefit of the Pacific coast. It af-
fects the whole overland emigration. It particu-
larly appeals to the members from the Great West.
That emigration is composed of your friends,
your neighbors, your constituents, from the west-
ern States. As they start on their route towards
the Pacific, they leave western homes. We ask
no special legislation for the Pacific coast in this
matter; because these emigrants are unknown to
us, until they arrive there and mix with onr pop-
ulation. We ask the House to pass this bill im-
mediately, in order that its benefits may be appro-
priated to the emigration of this year, and that
these cheap but important benefits may be made
available to that emigration. The exigencies of
the country have diminished the military force
usually stationed in that region of country. The
mail route over that country needs protection,
and these emigrants, and the great overland mail,
have not the protection which they usually had
even before the last year.
There arc a great many reasons which I might
urge for favorable consideration of this bill; but
I will not take up the attention of the House
longer, as I believe there is a sentiment in favor
of the passage of the bill. I call the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN made an inquiry which was
not heard by the reporters.
Mr. SARGENT. I think the gentleman is cor-
rect in his statement as to the troops having been
drawn off in a great degree from that route, and
hence the necessity of this appropriation is much
greater than it was last year.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passt d; and also moved to
lay the motion to rcconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a privileged
question. 1 move that when the House adjourns
to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Tile motion was agreed to.
INDIAN INTERCOURSE ACT.
The House resumed the consideration of a bill
to amend an act entitled " An act to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre-
serve peace on the frontiers," approved June 30,
1834.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the amendment
to be to insert the words <{ with intent to dispose
of it to the Indians."
Now, sir, I had occasion last session on a com-
mittee of conference to examine this whole matter
of taking whisky into Indian territory. The same
provision was in the law as it stood then. I found
that these traders would start to cany whisky
across the Indian territory to some other place;
that whenever they got about half the way through
they would, unfortunately, be attacked by a set of
ruffians—and they were always attacked—who
seized the liquor and used'it there, and afterwards
magnanimously paid these men for it; but inas-
much as they could show that they started with
the liquor to go through the territory, and with no
intention of selling it to the Indians, no one of them
could be prosecuted to conviction. I found,from
the representations of several agents—and espe-
cially from the representations of one who had
been aGovernor of one of the western Territories,
General Stevens—that this was the uniform prac-
tice, and that ail the liquor which was attempted
to be taken through the territory with some other
intent than to sell it to the Indians, was seized by
these mobs, and appropriated as they saw proper
afterwards, and that no conviction was ever had.
I have no doubt, that if you insert this amend-
ment now, these unfortunate men; who are said
always to be missionaries—missionaries and rum
it is said always go together, though I mean no
disparagement to the one by saying that the
other follows [laughter]—will be unable to take
a single barrel of liquor through the territory.
Somebody will get it, but as there is honor among
thieves, they will pay for it.
Mr. LOOMIS. I suppose the object of the bill
is to keep spirituous liquors away from the Ind ians.
But I wish to call the attention of the House to a
clause in the bill which, instead of keeping itaway
from the Indians, will put it right into their hands.
The bill as it now stands makes it> lawful not only
for any person in the service of the United States,
but for any Indian to take and destroy any ardent
spirits or wine found in the Indian country. Now,
as the mode of destroying the liquor is not speci-
fied, the fair implication is that the matter is left
to the Indian himself to decidc;andl submit to the
House whether it is not highly probable that the
Indian, having the discretion, instead of empty-
ing the liquor on the ground, may empty it down
his throat, especially as his natural appetite and
Indian-uity would permit him thus to avoid the
spirit of the law.
Mr. EDWARDS. The gentleman from Con-
necticut suggested that he had some pleasantry to
submit to the House, and in these days of gloom
and despondency I thought that it might cheer us
up a little.
Mr. LOOMIS. I move to strike out the words,
"or for any Indian.-"
Mr. EDWARDS. T have the floor, and I do
not yield for that purpose. I take it that this
provision will not be construed as the gentleman
states. I suppose there are some Indians who will
not perhaps administer to the intoxication of the
Indian tribes, and it is for the purpose of giving
them the power to prevent their people from be-
ing deluged with this liquid fire that this provis-
ion was inserted in the original law, and that it is
inserted in this bill. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. TROWBRIDGE, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files'of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions of the papers in
the case of John McGinnis, for the purpose of ref-'
erence to a committee of the Senate.
CHANCE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. MAYNARD. A few moments since Sen-
ate bill No. 11Q, authorizing a change in appro-
priations for the payment of expenditures m the
Indian service, was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. On examining the bill, I find
that it is one that ought to go to the Committee on
