1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2463
cle cxcept by ascertaining the amount at the place
of its production.
Mr. HOWE. The propositions submitted by
the Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
Maine differ mainly in these two particulars: the
security to be offered to the Government for the
payment of the duties, and the time and place at
which the amount of duties to be paid shall be
ascertained. In both of these particulars it seems
to me that the proposition of the Senator from Illi-
nois is preferable to that of the Senator from Maine.
It offers better securities, and the Senator from
Maine admits that; and upon his own theory, I
think it points out the most accurate mode of
ascertaining what the duties to be paid shall be.
The Senator from Maine admits or seems to admit
that in some cases the loss will fall short of five
percent, on the amount shipped. If it does in any
case, the Government loses. The manufacturers
themselves insist that in a majority of cases it will
very much exceed that, and I have presented some
evidence and the Senator from Illinois some other
evidence tending to prove that. Now, the men who
best know how this thing is, what the percentage
of loss is, are the men who manufacture the arti-
cle and ship it. If this five per cent, was higher
than the average, they would be satisfied with it.
It is because they know it to be less than the aver-
age that they are opposed to it. Now, what is
the difficulty, I put it to the Senator, in allowing
this to be shipped in the name of a Government
agent, consigned to a Government agent, and the
amount ascertained after it arrives at the market
and is deposited with a Government agent?
I want to answer the question put by the Sen-
ator from Maine. He asks, if the amount is not
ascertained and the duty fixed at the place ofship-
ment, what is to prevent one half of it being drawn
out after it is shipped. I will state what I thmlc
is to prevent it. It is put into the hands of com-
mon carriers, so many barrels containing so much.
It is consigned to a Government agent in the city
of New York or the city of Boston; the forwaider
or the common carrier may draw out or he may
permit somebody else to draw out half, so he may
now when it is shipped, but he is responsible for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He may do it with the
consent of the owner.
Mr. HOWE. The owner is the Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Government only
takes the duties ascertained at the place of des-
tination.
Mr. HOWE. But it is consigned to the Govern-
ment agent, and the common cm 1 iei ,the forwaidei,
and everybody else that touches it, is by law
bound to deliver to the Government agent so much
there; but if, without any fault of Ins, any por-
tion of it is lost, of course he is not responsible
for it. If it is lost through his neglect, or by his
permission drawn out by the shipper, drawn out
by the manufacturer, or anybody else, lie is re-
sponsible, just as much as if a thousand barrels
of flour are shipped from Chicago, to be delivered
to the consignee in New York, and halt of the
quantity is lost, the forwarder is liable, by whose-
soever fault that loss is; or if five hund'rod bar-
icls. or any other quantity, is damaged through
their default, they are liable. The Government is
just as secure when that receipt is taken and that
shipment is made, as any man is who now ships
goods from one pointto another. It has precisely
tlve same security, it seems to me. When the
goods get there, there is no credit, but they go into
the hands of the Government agent,and the duties
must be.paid before they arc taken out of his
hands. But under the system of giving bonds,
what will be the operation? The cost of a gallon
of these spirits at the distillery is about fifteen
cents; your duty is twenty cents. The Govern-
ment has a larger interest than the manufacturer.
Yon give sixty days'credit. The irresponsiole
man who can get up bogus bonds and get them
accepted by the home collector, sends the goods
forward on his own personal responsibility. That
amounts to nothing. He gets his money ; he gets
forty cents a gallon; twenty cents of it is due to
the Government; the Government holds his bond
which is not worth a fig; he goes on manufactur-
ing; he pays for the manufacture of the first, fif-
teen cents, and he'has twenty cents clear capital
belonging to the Government; it is capital which
he lias in his hands to do business on. You will
not let him ship any more unless he pays that up.
He will not want to ship any more. The next
quantity that is to be shipped will be shipped in
the name of his neighbor, Mr. Jones, or some-
body else; and this duty never can be collected
until the bond is sued out. If the bond is good
for anything, it can be collected; if the bond is
not good, it never will be collected. And so with
the next shipment. The Government is at all
times furnishing to the irresponsible manufacturer
a capital, more than is necessary to produce a gal-
lon of whisky, to do business with, and the effect
of that will be inevitably to drive every respecta-
ble man and every man of character out of the
business, and put alt the business at a distance
from the market into the hands of irresponsible
men, if it is carried on at all.
Mr. WADE. I am satisfied, sir, that if we do
not intend to have the whole of this tax fall on our
grandchildren, we have got to stop talking. This
generation will be entirely exculpated from its
payment, if we go on as we do over every item,
if every Senator attempts to state all he knows,
and we know a great deal, I am sure the present-
generation will have none of this tax to pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With a strong desire to
avoid the difficulty which has been suggested by
my friend from Ohio, I have been ready to adopt
almost any proposition. I have no attachment to
the amendment 1 have offered, and I proposed to
gentlemen who were attached to the other firopo-
sition that I would take it if they would simply
guard it, and not require that the Government
should be the insurer of this liquor against frauds
and against accidents. They will not take that;
they insist upon it that we shall not fix any rate
of percentage to be allowed for losses, but that it
shall go at the risk of the Government for all
losses, all accidents, all cheating, all everything
else, and be remeasured over to ascertain the duty.
That I cannot agree to, and I think we ought not
to agree to it, if we are looking out for the pro-
tection of the Government, instead of the protec-
tion of the liquor manufacturers.
As I said before, I like the proposition of the
Senator from Illinois in some respects, and all I
ask is, that it shall be properly guarded to afford
protection to the Government. I will state my
propositions again. I propose, after the word
"distillery," in line two of his amendment, to
insert "after the quantity and proof thereof shall
have been ascertained by inspection according to
the provisions of this act;" so that it shall read:
That the. collector o[ any district may grant a permit to
the owner or owners of any distillery with in his dis-triet to
pell oi ship any -.pints the product of said di-tillery, after
the quantity and proof shall have been a«ccitainml by in-
spection aivoiding to the pioviaions of this act, &c.
And th'^n I propose to strike out the words:
The number oi gallons and the proof of the spirits afore-
said to be detei mined upon the arrival thereof by an in-
spector appointed or approved by the collector, at the charge
or expense o( the owner or agent.
The effect of my proposition is simply to re-
quire that it shall be inspected, and the quantity
and proof ascertained before it starts, and not after
it gets to the place of destination, that the duties
may be known. I pi opose, besides, after the word
"shipped," in the seventh lino, to insert:
And tlic amount of duties upon said spirits shall be stated
in the receipt, upon winch amount the allowance fixed by
the act I'oi evaporation and wasie shall be deducted.
As I said before, on consideration in the com-
mittee, after much deliberation, it was "voted dis-
tinctly that that allowance should be fixed at five
per cent., and such a provision has been inserted
in the bill. Now, what! wish, is simply that we
shall have the duties ascertained before the liquor
starts, and that when it gets to its destination the
duties shall be paid, with the deduction which the
committee fixed iu the beginning. I move these
amendments, without adding any more words
upon the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's own
amendment is before the Senate asa substitutefor
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois, but
it can be withdrawn by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw it for the pres-
ent, if theie is no objection, and move the amend-
ments which 1 have juststated to the amendment
submitted Uy the Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will move my amend-
ments in their order.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 ask the Senator if they all
relate to this matter of the ascertainment of duties?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. I move, first,
to amend the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, by inserting, after the word " distillery,"at
the end of line two:
After the quantity and proof thereof shall have been
ascertained by inspection according to the provisions of
this act. , •
Mr. SIMMONS. I am perfectly willing to
stand by the proposition of the Senator from
Maine as originally proposed; but since we had
that under consideration, a fact has occurred to
me that I did not think of at the time; and that is,
that in our impositionof duties upon imported
liquors, if any accident befalls the cask in its transit
it is always allowed to the importer. I want to
guard against all sorts of fraud.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The case of importations
is different. We cannot take any impost duties
upon what is not imported; and the quantity im-
ported must necessarily be ascertained on its*;
rival in this country, because it is not imported
till it does get in. But this is a peculiar business
that is entirely internal, all within the country.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand that distinc-
tion. I wanttogiveto the manufacturer of whisky
all the facilities and conveniences of paymentpos-
sible; because it will make very little difference
to us whether we get the money as soon as the
whisky is put into the cask, or in sixty days after-
wards, but it may make a very great difference
to the distillers. I am willing to accommodate
them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take their own propo-
sition just as they made it.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin said the distillers of the West would have to
encounter all the disadvantages of leakage. I
think aboutagallon and a half a barrel is allowed
for soakage; but the disadvantage is borne by the
manufacturer in the East as well as in the West. I
am peifectly willing that those who are interested
in producing liquors should arrange this matter
to suit themselves, if they can only secure the
duties which ought to be paid on the amount sold,
without giving any chance to cheat in the transit.
That is all I want; and I suppose that is all the
Senator from Maine really wants to get at. We
only desire to get what should justly be paid to
the Government. If an allowance of five per cent,
is not enough, I would be willing to allow more;
but if it is enough, I am content with it.
Mr. HOWE. I dislike to say anything further
to the Senate after being told that 1 ought not to
do so. My friend, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] has taken occasion more than once to
remind me that it was not necessary to talk so
much. I want to say to him, simply, that if I
represented the State of Ohio, 1 probably should
not think it necessary to say anything on this
subject; or if he represented the State of Wiscon-
sin, I might still think it judicious m the repre-
sentative from that State not to say anything. I
should not myself, although 1 represent that State,
say anything if 1 did not believe that both the
Government and an important interest under the
Government had something at stake here, and I
think it will not be regarded disrespectful if I re-
mind the Senator from Ohio that my judgment
ought to be my guide as to when I shall speak
and what I shall say.
The Senator from Maine is very willing to com-
promise, is willing to take as security, instead of
a worthless bond, what really amounts to a bill
of sale of the goods on which the duties are to be
paid, and I think he is very judicious in that; but
let it be borne in mind—I wish the Senator would
bear it in mind—that it cannot be any sort of ob-
ject with these distillers to mortgage their goods
to the Government. That of itself is no object.
They are willing to do it, to make the Govern-
ment safe, and their object iu doing it is that they
may have the amount of duty they are to pay as-
certained in the market where the goods aie sold
when they know what to sell. They ore willing
to make the Government perfectly secure by de-
positing with it their product; but their object is
that they may not be enabled to pay on less than
they sell, that they may not be made to pay on
more than they sell. The Senator from Maine is
willing to take the additional security, but he is
not willing to give the equivalent for which they
offer that additional security.
Mr. WADE. I find that I am just like most
other doctors. My medicine has only aggravated
