1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1508
tator runs back to that, as the origin of the right
of property; and here is the obvious distinction
between the right of person sand the right of things.
Man has dominion over things; he has no domin-
ion over persons 
Mr. DAVIS. Would the courtesy of the gen-
tleman allow me a word now?
Mr. MORRILL. _ Certainly.
Mr DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Senator
from Maine if he ever knew any property to be
recovered in a court of justice upon that law, or
ever knew a claim to property to depend on the
law which he has just read, in a court of justice?
Mr. MORRILL. We never had any occasion
to plead that statute in my part of the country,
yet it is always recognized. [Laughter.] This
reasoning of the honorable Senator is not new.
He will not suspect me of innning any offensive
parallel here: but I will read from another work
which not only recognizes the leasomng of the
honorable Senator, but recognizes the principle to
which I refer. Here is the reasoning of the spirit
of evil, as told by the angel Michael to Adam,
according to England's great poet. It ran in this
wise. He was relating to Adam what should take
place after the fall, and he says:
"Till one shall rise
Of pioud ambitious heart; who, not content
With tan equahtj, fiateinal state,
Will arrogate dominion undeserved
Over Ins brethren, and quite dispossess
Concord and l;uv ot nutuie fiom the earth;
Hunting (and men not beasts Miall be his game)
Willi war and hostile snaie such as reluse
Subjection to In- empire tyrannous :
A mighty hunter thence he shall be s-tyled
Bcfoie the Lord ; as in despite of Heaven.
Or from lleaven, claiming &eeond sovranty;
And fiom irbolhon -shall derive his name,
Though of jebeilion othen he accu&e."
Now, let us hear the answer:
" Whereto thus Adam, fatheily displeased:
O execrable bon ! so to a.-pite
Above lm biethren : to himself assuming
Authou'ty usinp'd, lioni God not given:
lie save lis onlv over bea&t, fish, fowl.
Dominion ab-olme; that right we hold
15\ In-, donation; but man ovei man
lie mndc not lord; such title to himself
Itcsemng, human leit liom human free."
Mr. HOWARD. ThatwasaRepublican poet.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; a Republican poet.
Mr. DAVIS. Not a Black one, though.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 only state in opposition to
the notions of the honorable Senator whut every
lawyer knows to be the common learning of the
law, and that is the distinction between persons
and things. Things were subjected to the domin-
ion of man: peisons, never, nevet. Whenever a
man sets up dominion over man he departs fiom
the law of nature; and allow me to say to the Sen-
ator thai the law of nature is never repealed. Men
may disregard it as in the instances he refers to;
communities may disregard it; but the law stands.
The honoiable Senatoi is extremely unfortunate
in his illustrations fiom the Constitution. In fur-
therance of his argument that the Constitution
recognizes propel ty in man, he cites us to the fact
that the frameis of the Constitution, as he says,
authorized the slave trade until 1 SOS. Not at ail.
They did not control it, they did not deny it; in
other words they did not make provision against
it until 1S08. They found the evil; and, in other
words, they permitted it to exist. They did not
sanction it, or authorize it.
The other illustration drawn from the same in-
strument is equally unfortunate; and that is, the
authority m the Constitution, or the duty, if you
please, m the Constitution for one State to return
fugitives escaping from ynothei State, or not to
make any law piohibiting it, as it is suggested to
me. Return'what? Return property is the infer-
ence from the argument of course; but what is the
fact? " Persons" escaping fiom service from one
State into another are to be returned, clearly neg-
ativing the presumption that they were to be re-
garded us property. The distinction for which we
contend, and the distinction which relieves this
case from all difficulty whatever, and which ren-
ders it impossible for one to raise a constitutional
difficulty m the case is, the common learning of
the law; a distinction which luns through ail ju-
risprudence of all civilized and Christian nations—
a distinction between the rights of persons and
rights of property.
Now, sir, i have accomplished all I desire; and
this much it seemed to be needful enough to say
in reply to the argument of the gentleman that
there iareallyaconstitutional difficulty in the way
of passing the bill, either as regards the power of
Congress over it, or as regards its operation on
the relation of masters and slaves.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is nearly five o'clock.
I should like to make some few remarks on this
subject. I am suffering somewhat from a severe
attack of neuralgia and would prefer saying what
I have to say to-morrow; but I will go on if the
Senate desire to take a vote to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator make a motion?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES." I do not object to the adjourn-
ment; but 1 wish the Senate to remember that to-
morrow, by special assignment, is set apart for the
transaction of business relating to the District of
Columbia.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will go on, then, now.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to adjourn, if it is
understood that this subject will be taken up the
day after to-morrow.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will go on with my
remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask my friend to with-
draw the motion. I will go on now.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I withdraw the
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion is
withdrawn, and the Senator from California is
entitled to the floor. ♦
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should have preferred
very much to present the few remarks I desire to
address to the Senate on this subject under cir-
cumstances when I could feel myself altogether
capable of presenting my views definitely, cleaily,
and to my own satisfaction, so that I should be
thoroughly understood by Senators to whom 1
address myself. I am laboring under much em-
barrassment; for some days past I hav suffered
from severe indisposition, which interferes very
much with my capacity of thinking, and even of
stating what J do think.
However, sir, this is not with me a very com-
plicate subject. 1 will state in the first place, that
1 regard the 
Mr. MORRILL. Of course, it is the furthest
thing possible from me to compel the Senator to
proceed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have commenced now,
and am ready to proceed, if the Senator desires to
have a vote this evening. However, I am as-
suied by Senators about me that a vote cannot be
had, and probably we might as well adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator yield the floor to the Senator from Maine?
Mi. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir.
Mi. MORRILL. Although extremely solicit-
ous to come to u. vote this evening, yet, if there
cue other persons who desire to speak, or if the
honm-dble Senator himself does not incline to speak
at this hour  
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Maine that as I have taken the floor to
address the Senate, 1 will, as other Senators object
to postponement, endeavor to conclude my re-
marks now, although from severe pain I may cx-
piess my views obscurely.
Mr.MORRILL. Veiy well, then; it is optional
with the Senator.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I regard
this measure as I have regarded all measures bear-
ing upon the same subject introduced into this
Senate, as inopportune at this time. In saying
that I regard them as inopportune, I intend to ex-
press no opinion as to their several merits. There
are many measuies that I would vote against at
this session of Congress on the ground that this
was not the time to present or consider them.
This I regard as one of those inopportune meas-
ures, not necessarily, however, as governing my
conduct in the same direction.
Again, sir, I think that during this session of
Congress there have been hurried upon the Senate
imperfect, unmatured measures, measures under-
taking to administer vast interests, which in any
other council of Government where laws were to
be established would have commanded the grav-
est and most deliberate consideration and com-
plete and exact legislation. A great deal of imma-
ture legislation has been presented for our action,
and of those measures, this bill, as it is presented
to the Senate, is a specimen.
As for the power of Congress to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia, 1 think there cannot,
at this time, be any question. That the power be-
longs to this Congress, to the Government here,
I think is unquestionable as a question of power.
Slavery is a creature of positive Jaw; and when
the law whereby the master has the right of manu-
caption, the rightof power over the subjectslave,
is repealed, slavery ceases. That is unquestion-
ably the law. We have the general administra-
tion of the laws of the District. We have the
right—that is, the legal right—to abolish slavery
in the District at any time we please. This can-
not be matter of argument. I have no scruples or
trouble on that subject.
But, sir, as I have had occasion to say fre-
quently in the Senate, I have thought it wise that
all these disturbing questions should be postponed
to some time after we have conquered our immi-
nent difficulties. When we have disposed of the
enemies of the Republic arrayed against us in the
field, in the effort to accomplish which we want
all the united opinion we can bring to bear about
and in support of the Government; when with
that united opinion we have hurled down treason,
and reestablished the power of the Government
throughout the Union, then would be the time to
take up and consider these matters of local legis-
lation which have been thrust on us with hurried
haste.
Now, so far as slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia is concerned, it is a positive evil. I know
it. We all know it. We have neither free labor
nor slave labor in the District. We have neither
the benefit of one system nor the other. We arc
hybrid in our relation to service of any kind, or
the employment of labor bore. This is an evil
that ought to be corrected. While this is my opin-
ion, it is also my opinion that this is not the time
to correct it. Whenever the proper time should
have come, in my judgment, for the abolishment
of slavery in this District, I would have been found
its earnest advocate. 1 would have avoided it now*,
but as it is brought forward, I will meet it lo-day.
I am for meeting it, however, as wisely us I can.
I am not for inconsiderate measures calculating
none of the contingencies that belong to such im-
portant legislation.
This bill, as it is now presented, is a simple
declaration of the immediate right of all peisons
held to service and labor in the D'strict to be man-
umitted. In the first place, apart from its opera-
tion on the individual rights of owners, and saying
nothing of that, one patent fact is, that, according
to the latest .statistical information we have, there
are sixteen hundred persons held to service in the
District under fifteen and over fifty years of age—
poisons who, either from youth or old age, arc
unfit and unable to maintain) themselves. How
does this measure, said to be a beneficent measure,
provide for them? By the law now in force, the
old and young have a legal right to protection and
support from the persons who hold them. There
are sixteen hundred of them who will be immedi-
ately set free by this bill, and all the relations be-
tween master and servant immediately dissolved.
Did the gentlemen who projected this bill consider
that the moment they pass this law, they must
provide—if not in this bill—for establishing places
and pioviding clothing, subsistence, and the en-
tire support of about sixteen hundred persons in
this District, on account of their youth or old age,
independent of those who may be, from disease
or other causes, unable to sustain themselves. Are
we prepared to build an establishment here larger
than our Treasury building, larger and more ex-
tensive than our Treasury and Post Office build-
ings, as quartersfor the young,old,and indigent,
besides assuming the burden of their clothing,
subsistence, and management?
The lesult of (his legislation has not been con-
sidered. No such measure as this should be
adopted without great consideration and without
particular legislation. While I am prepared to
go as far as I think any prudent person can in
favor of establishing free institutions here, and
