THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31.
the disease, liml I believe I shall quit the profes-
sion. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. That is the best thing the Sen-
ator can do. [Laughter.]
Mr.BROWNING, I havea single additional
suggestion to make, and it has been furnished me
by a gentleman who understands this matter bet-
tel- than I do. It is very obvious, however, that
the suggestion is true and entitled to considera-
tion. I am willing, as I before remarked, that any
security shall be taken, if it is deemed a necessary
security, that the quantity and proof of the spirits
shall be ascertained at the*f>lace of shipment. I
say that if it is deemed really necessary for the
security of the Government that that shall be done,
it ought not to be objected to. It would subject
parties to the expense of two inspections if the
amendment now proposed by myself is adopted.
The suggestion to which I wish to call the at-
tg^tion of the Senate is this: that the shrinkage,
leakage, ^oakage, evaporation, &c., is propor-
tioned to'a great extent to the time requisite for
the transitof the article and the state of the weather.
Hence the persons near market would invariably
gainby the allowance of five percent.; they would
pay duties on less than they actually sold; but
those remote from market would almost as invaria-
bly lose by it; they would pay on more than they
actually sold. The disadvantage is all against the
large interests in the West; they are the parties
who are remote from market. While they lose
more than five per cent, by shrinkage, leakage,
soakage,cvaporation,&c.,those who are nearthe
market lose scarcely anything, and the burden of
compensating what they pay less than they sell
is thrown upon the manufacturers of the West, who
are romote from the market. That can be equal-
ized, and justice attained, only by the proposition
which is made to ascertain the quantity at the
place of market. I think every one can see that
the burden would fall entirely on the western man-
ufacturers, while the eastern manufacturers would
lose nothing. While there would be no appre-
ciable loss to them from these causes, the loss of
the western manufacturers would exceed the limit
fixed by the bill. One class of men would gain
by the five per cent, standaid adopted by the bill,
while the other would be continually losing by it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Maine to the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Theamendmont to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move further to amend
the amendment by striking out the words, " the
number of gallons, and the proof of the spirits to
be determined upon the arrival thereof by an in-
spector appointed or approved by the collector,
and at the charge and expense of the owner or
agent."
Theamcndmentto theamendmcnt was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. The question of concur-
rence in this amendment will, I believe, be pre-
sented again in the Senate. ["It will."] Then
I shall not ask for the yeas and nays on it to-day,
because it is mtmifi'St we have no quorum hero.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move still further to
amend the amendment by inserting after the word
" shipped," in the seventh line, the woids:
And tlie itiuountof duties n;>on Raul spirits *hal] Ite stated
in the irecipt. ftom which amount llie allowance made by
this act l'or evaporation and waste Mmll he deducted
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move further to amend
the amendment by including in its provisions
"beer, lager beer, ale, porter, and other similar
fermented liquors." I suppose there is no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. HARRIS. Leave that out now
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why?
Mr. HARRIS. I want to provide for it in
another place; and I shall have to make a speech
if you propose to put it in here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We shall have to take
the speech anyhow.
Mr. HARRIS. It will be a very severe dose
to take. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. When we come to beer,
I have no doubt the Senator will work, or be
worked. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to make an inquiry of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. 1 un-
derstand that, by the provisions of this bill, the
collectors are to be paid in proportion to the
amount they collect, and the aggregate is not to
exceed $10,000. I want to know whether there
is any provision or any necessity for such a pro-
vision, or whether any provision is about to be
proposed, determining which collector shall re-
ceive the benefit of this section, the one who beats
the bush or the one who catches the bird. A col-
lector in Illinois transacts the business and sends
the goods to New York, and there they are de-
livered. Now, who is to get the percentage, the
collector in Illinois or the collector in New York
city ? I wish to call attention to it, that it may be
determined whether there is any necessity for a
provision on that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall be perfectly sat-
isfied to have the Senator from Iowa propose an
amendment to meet the difficulty. I am not ready,
with amendments all written out, to meet every
difficulty.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not know but that there
was some provision in the bill to meet the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; because this whole
proposition is entirely new.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that that should
beleftto be equitably settled,accordingto such reg-
ulations as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole thing is left
to the discretion of theSecretary of the Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois, as
amended on the motion of the Senatorfrom Maine.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. That amendment being
adopted, it is necessary to make some others in
the bill to conform it to that amendment. In sec-
tion forty, line forty-two, on page 43,1 move, after
the word " distilled," to insert" and the payment
of which is not otherwise provided for in section
forty-six of this act."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is entirely unneces-
sary. He only gives bond that the duties shall
be paid; and if the goods are sent off and the duties
on them paid in a special manner, that meets it.
Mr. BROWNING The section at present re-
quires him to give bond " that he will not sell, or
permit to be sold, or removed for consumption or
sale, any spirits" until they have been inspected
and the quantity entered on his books, "andthat
he will at the time of rendering said account," that
is, the account of the amount distilled, " pay to the
said collector the duties."
Mr. FESSENDEN. He is not liable to pay
them until the spirits are sold.
Mr. BROWNING. But here is an express pro-
vision that he shall pay them at the time of ren-
dering ins account.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But if they are sold they
do not come into his account.
Mr. BROWNING. I think this section re-
quires an account to be rendered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of nothing but what has
been sold or removed for consumption and sale.
Mr. BROWNING. Let me read a portion of it:
And at the time of applying tor paid license, and befoie
tlio same is issued) the peisou so applying shall give bond
to the United States, in such sum as shall be required by
the collector, and with one or more sureties, to be approved
by said collector, conditioned that in case any additional
still or stills, or other implements to be used as aforesaid,
shall bcciec'ted by him, las agent or superintendent, he wili,
'before using pr causing or permitting the same to be used,
report in writing to Hie said collector the capacity thereof,
and information irom time to time of any change in the
form, capacity, ovvnet uip, agency, or superintendence
which all or either of the said stills or other implements may
undergo; and that he will from day to day enter or cause
to be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose the num-
ber of gallons of spirits tlratmay be distilled by said still or
still?, or other implements, which said book shall be open
at all times dining the day (Sundays excepted) to the in-
spection of the said collector, who may make any memo-
laudums or tran>cripts therefiom ; and that he will lender
to the said collector on the 1st, J Oth, and 20th days of cach
and every month, or within two days thereafter, duiing the
continuance of said license, an exact account, in writing,
taken from hi  books, of the number of gallons of spirits
distilled by him, his agent, or superintendent, for the period
or fractional pait oi a month theu next preceding the date
of viid report, which said report shall be verified byaffidavit
in the manner pie^cubcd by the foity-fifth scction of this
act; and that he will not sell or permit to be sold, or re-
moved foi consumption or sale, any spirits distilled hy him
iindei and b> vutuc of tus said hceuse, until the same shail
have been inspected, saugod, and pioved, and the quantity
thereof duly entered upon his books as aforesaid; and that
he will, at the tune of lendering said account-
That is, the account to be rendered every ten
days of the amount distilled—
pay to the said collector the duties which by this act are
Imposed on the spirits so distilled.
That requires him to pay the duties at the place
of manufacture at the time of rendering his ac-
count. Now to qualify that 1 offer the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does the account
cover? What he has sold?
Mr. BROWNING. The provision of the sec-
tion is,that the account shall coverall he has dis-
tilled, all he has manufactured; not what he has
sold.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be so; but I have
studied it over a great deal, and as I read it he has
to keep two accounts; he has got first to keep an
account of all that he distills, that is as a guard;
and going on a little further, he has to keep an ac-
count of all that he sells or removes for consump-
tion and sale, and by another section he has to
pay duties on all he sells or removes for consump-
tion and sale. That is it. We have just put in a
provision that he may remove some and pay the
duties on itat a certain time. Does that affect the
bowl in any shape or form ? This is a provision
in the bond the distiller gives. If he complies
with the provision of the act, does he break his
bond ?
Mr. BROWNING. If the construction of the
Senator be correct, the amendment cannot possi-
bly do any injury. According to my reading of
the section, it requires the duties to be paid on the
amount distilled when he renders his account of
the amount distilled every ten days; but if it is
not so, I think the amendment will not do any
harm.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should not like to have
it adopted, because it will only make confusion.
His bond is, " that he will from day to day enter
or cause to be entered in a book to be kept for
thatpurpose, the number of gallons of spirits that
may be distilled," and
That he will render to the said collector, on the 1st,
10th, and 20th days of each and evei y month, or within two
days theieafter, dating the continuance of said license, an
exact account, in writing, taken from his books, of the num-
bet of gallons Gfspnits distilled by him, his agent, or super-
intendent, for the period or fractienal part of a month then
next preceding the date of said report.
I do not wonder that the Senator made a mis-
take, for lie seems not to have been aware of the
amendment made to this section. This is the ac-
count the distiller has to make out of what he has
distilled and sold.
Mr. BROWNING. The section has been
amended, I appiehend.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been.
Mr. BROWNING. I have no desire to have
the amendment inserted if there is no necessity
for it. As I read the section, itrequires the duties
to be paid on all that is distilled. If the amend-
ment is deemed unnecessary I do not insist on it.
Mr. COWAN. I have an amendment which I
am instructed by the Committee on Finance to
submit. I move to strike out the thirty-ninth sec-
tion, commencing on page 40.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section will
be read as it now stands, it having already been
amended.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That every person
who, on the 1st day of July, 1862, shall be the owner of
any still or stills, or other implements used in lieu of stills,
for the purpose of distilling spuitiions liquors, or who shall
have such still or stills- or implements, as aforesaid, under
his superintendence, either as agent or ou his own ac-
count, shall, on or before paid day, and every person who,
after said day, shall use or intend to use any such still or
stills, or implements, as aforesaid, either as owner, agent,
oi otherwise,shall, before he stall begin to use such stillor
stills, or oilier implements m lieu thereof, for the purpose or
distilling spimuou-Oiquois, apph7 for, in writing, and obtain
from the collector appointed under this act for the collec-
tion district m which they are located, (or to the deputy ot
such collector duly authorized,) a license for using such
still or stills, or other implements, as aforesaid; and each
such license hereaiter to be granted shall remain in force
until the 1st day of June next aftoi the date thereof, and no
longer; which.hccn«es shall respectively be granted upon
the payment, by such owner or agent, as aforesaid, of the
sum of fifty dollar^ : Provided, That licenses may be granted
under this act for any time not exceeding si* months, upon
the payment of twenty-five dollars: And provided jurther,
That di.xtilleis of apples and peaches may take a license for
that business for the space of three months upon the pay-
men tofglv! 50: And -provided faitha. That no licenses shall
he requued for any still or other apparatus used by drug-
get? and themist-> foi the recovery of alcohol for pharma-
ceutical and chemical purposes winch has been used in
their pioeesses.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to ask the
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania why he moves to strike
out this section?
