1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2.
relieving the District of an institution that is an
incubus,! am for doing* it in some legitimate mode.
My attention was called some days since to the
-measure introduced as a substitute for this bill by
the Senator from Indiana. I examined it section
by section. I found it a carefully devised bill. 1
found it, if not a complete, a careful remedy for
the evil—for the disease which it was proposed
tve'should cure. It was prepared by a person
■familiar with the condition of the disease as it in
•fact exists. The gentleman from Maine is a phy-
sician, probably, of all the diseases in the political
system that exist in the Stateof Maine. He does
not understand the political diseases that exist on
the banks of the Mississippi. The same difficulty
exists in politics that exists in medical science.
Take a physician from the State of Maine and set
him down to prescribe for fevers on the banks of
the Mississippi, and he would kill most of his
patients. He does not understand the climate or
the diseases of the country. When you come to
prescribe for diseases that are local in their char-
acter, it requires some person who understands
the climate and the conditions of the country
where the disease has originated, and where the
"medicine is to be administered. I undertake to say
that skilled physicians have not prescribed the
remedy contained in this bill, and that its appli-
cation would be extremely mischievous. With-
out undertaking to elaborate an argument on the
subject—for I am not historical, as is the Senator
from Kentucky, nor poetical, as is my friend from
Maine 
Mr. POWELL. With the permission of the
Senator from California, I will move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield the floor?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let us have
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL, At the instance of the Senator
from California, 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If any Senator insists
upon it, 1 shall proceed to finish my argument.
Mr. BROWNING. I dislike to see the Sena-
tor, when he is manifestly, and has so informed
us, very much indisposed, too unwell to go on
this evening, forced to proceed with his remarks.
While I am very anxious to have a vote on this
bill, I think it is a courtesy we ought to extend to
the Senator.
Mr. MORRILL. I um willing to extend any
courtesy 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield the floor? The floor
is at the control of the Senator from California,
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. I certainly intended to ex-
tend that courtesy 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I so understood the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL. But I understood the Senator
to say he was disposed to go on to-night.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will endeavor to close
to-night, if any one objects to a postponement.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator has any wish
on the subject 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am suffering from in-
disposition; but I will endeavor to go on.
Mr, MORRILL. If the Senator desires to yield
the floor 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
declines to yield the floor.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator yielded to me
because he wished an adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator to withdraw the motion.
Mr. POWELL. I did after he indicated a wish
not to adjourn. j
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator from Cahfor- ■
nia will allow me a word, I understood him to say ;
he was perfectly disposed to go on to-night, and ;
rather preferred it. I saw the solicitude of the i
Senator from Kentucky, and that the motion was
made at his request was the only reason I offer j
for opposing thr* adjournment. Now, if the hon-
orable Senator from California desires an adjourn-
ment, I do not object.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Maine that if there is any particular
motive for proceeding now, I am willing to con-
tinue. I always make it a rule not to delay action
in the Senate myself, and I will go on if it is sup-
posed it will promote the business of the Senate.
If any Senator makes an objection to a postpone-
ment, and thinks it will promote business to go
on, I will go on now.
Mr. MORRILL. We were extremely desirous
to take a vote on this bill to-night.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I will go on and
finish my remarks.
Mr. SAULSBtJRY. With the consent of the
Senator from California, I will say it it is impos-
sible to finish this bill to-night, because I know
the fact that my colleague intends to speak upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. I am informed of that fact.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As no motion
to adjourn has been interposed, the Senator from
California will proceed.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ, if it is nccessary to make the motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I yield the floor for that
purpose.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a divis-
ion—ayes 21, noes 10; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 2, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WAll CLAIMS,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting the report of the commission of war claims
at St. Louis; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that ten thousand
extra copies of the report be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion, under the rules,
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
EMANCIPATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that two thou-
sand extra copies of the President's message, rec-
ommending Congress to pass a resolution in ref-
erence to the emancipation of slaves be printed.
I understand that they are much sought after by
the people of the border States, who are deeply
concerned in this subject.
The SPEAKER. The motion, under the rules,
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
UNITED STATES MILITARY DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Militai y AfTdiis, icported a joint
resolution extending the provisions of certain acts
to the military departments of the United States:
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
REORGANIZATION OP THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 171, to reorganize the Navy De-
partment of the United States.
There was no objection,and the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, moved
that the House proceed to the consideration of the
bills from the Senate upon the Speaker's table for
reference.
It was so ordered.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Senate bills; which were severally read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 235) providing for the organization
of army corps, and of staffs attached to corps, and
divisions of the Army of the United States—to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 103) for the relief of John Skirv-
ing—to the Committee of Claims.
A bill (No. 177) for the relief of Sylvester
Crooks—to the Committee of Claims.
A bill (No. 207) for the relief of L. F. Carter
for services rendered in surveying the public lands
in the State of Oregon—to the Committee on Pub-
he Lands.
A bill (No. 225) for the relief of the owners,
officers, and crew of the Spanish bark Provi-
dencia—to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
A bill (No. 220) for the relief of James Pool—
to the Committee of Claims.
A bill (No. 241) to change the location of the
port of entry for the Puget Sound collection dis-
trict—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 243) changing the name of the
American-built schooner Curtis Mann to that of
Supply—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 242) changing the name of the
American-built schooner Tom Dyer to that of
Dolphin—to the Committee on Commerce.
ASSIGNMENT TO COMMAND.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
joint resolution (S. No. 68) to authorize the Pres-
ident to assign the command of troops in the same
field or department to officers of the same grade
without regard to seniority*, which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that the bill
be put on its passage.
Mr. FENTON moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. •
The latter motion was agreed to.
STAR OP THE WEST.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
joint resolution (S. No. 67) in relation to the claim
of Marshall O. Roberts for the loss of the steamer
Star of the West; which was read a first and sec-,
ond time.
Mr. FENTON moved that the resolution be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that it be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FENTON. It is a claim for the loss of a
steamer in the service of the United States, and
ought to be refened to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. Sedgwick's motion was disagreed to.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
The SPEAKER. The Senate ask the return
of House bill No. 318, to prohibit the allowance
or payment of pension to the children of officers
and soldiers of the war of the Revolution.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the request of the
Senate be complied with.
The motion was agreed to.
ILLINOIS AND MICHIGAN CANAL.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, presented the resolutions of the consti-
tutional convention of Illinois in favor of the im-
provement of the Illinois and Michigan canal and
the Illinois river; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
WAR CLAIMS AGAIN.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to ask whether
the report of the commission on war claims at St.
Louis, ordered to be printed this morning, em-
braced the evidence taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It does not. The re-
porter was sick, and was unable to write out the
evidence. I presume that it will be printed when
it comes in.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged question.
At the instance of the committee on Government
contracts, a subpena was issued by the Speaker
of the House on the Ilth of March, 1862, to Aaron
Higgins, among others, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, summoning him to appear before that com-
mittee at the United States Hotel, Boston, Mas-
sachusetts, forthwith. It was served on the same
day, but the party refused to appear; and I am
now directed by the committee on Government
contracts to ask that an attachment issue against
Aaron Higgins, for the purpose of bringing him
before the bar of this House to answer for con-
tempt of its authority.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must sub-
mit a resolution in form.
ASSIGNMENT TO COMMAND AGAIN.
Mr. OLIN. I ask to have entered amotion to
reconsider the vote by which Senate joint resolu-
tion (No. 68) to authorize the President to assign
