1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
was given for the appointment of consuls to an
unlimited extent, and also authority to increase
the pay of consuls', as the President might sec fit.
Gentlemen will find, before the conclusion of this
bill is reached, that there is an amendment to it
which will cut off this power in future; for it is as-
serted, with some degree of confidence, that that
power has already been exerted to a sufficient
extent.
In relation to this particular point—Florence—
I believe it will be conceded that it is an important
place for a consul general, and that the President
has exerciscd his power judiciously in making an
appointment for that place. It is not so much a
matter of consequence to the appointee as it is to
the Government. Have we arrived at so low a
stage of national dignity as that we shall accept
as a mere charity the service of an official? I do
not suppose that it is of very much consequence
—I presume it is a matter of indifference—to the
gentleman who has the appointment in question
whether he receives any salary or not; bat it is a
matter of consideration whether the Government
should or should not be placed in the attitude of a
mendicant, seeking service from officials gratis. If
it is worth while for the Government to establish
the office of consul general at Florence, it is worth
while for the Government to pay that officer a fair
and proper compensation.
Now, what are the facts in regard to this mat-
ter? The consulship at Florence has been here-
tofore an office of fees. It is now proposed to
change it into a salaried office. I do not suppose
that there will be very much difference in its cost
to the Government whether the office is left on
the footing of fees or put on the footing of salary.
I suppose it amounts to about the same thing. I
do not know the gentleman who has been ap-
pointed to this office, but I presume that no one
will intimate that he is incompetent to discharge
the duties of the office faithfully and with honor
10 the country. It may be stated, as a matter of
fact, that he has aheady sent out his oleik, paid
h)s faie there, and agreed to give him a salary of
^500. Now, is it fitting for us to stand hero and
higgle about $1,000 in regard to this matter? I
think it unbecoming in Congress to accept the ser-
vices of any man, rich or poor, for nothing. Let
us give the laborer a fair day's pay for a fair day's
work.
Air. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman permit
me to inquire what the fees,of that consulship
amount to?
Mr. MORIIILL, of Vermont. I do not know.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Vermont
yield to me?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I decline to
yield for the present. The duties of the office have
been very much increased by the change m the
political status of Italy within the last two or three
years. The appointment of a consul general at
Florence is recommended by our minister at Turin,
the consul general having the supervision of all
the other Italian consulates. 1 do not tlnnk it
worth while to consume any mote; time on this
subject, unless some gentleman may have a ques-
tion to propose to me.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to say something in
reply to the gentleman fiom Vermont who has just
taken his seat. It is a matter of some interest to the
country at this time to know whether the doctrine
laid down by the gentleman is to be taken as gov-
erning all our officers. If I comprehend the gen-
tleman correctly, he seems to entertain the opinion
that an offer upon the part of any one to peiform
service at this time for the Government without
rompensation ought instantly to be spurned and
lejected; that the dignity and propriety of the
Government would suffer by the acceptance of
such a proposal. I had supposed myself thatthe
time had arrived when it was to be considered an
net of patriotism m any man, whether a private
citizen or a Government official, to contribute m
any. manner to the pecuniary resources of the
Government, whether by the relinquishment of
salary or by the contribution of puvate ni'-ans.
[ in'vei imagined for a nionvnt that, for example,
such a man as the illustrious father of his coun-
try acted m an unbecoming manner in rendering
his services to his country in its hour of need
without compensation, or that the country parted
with its dignity in accepting his services upon
such conditions.
Now, as my distinguished friend from New
York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] is not at this mo-
ment in his seat, I ask my equally distinguished
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] who, like
the gentleman from New York, seems to be in
possession of a large amount of information in
reference to the peculiar circumstances of this
case, whether the gentleman who has accepted
the appointment to this consulship is not in pos-
session of a fortune to enable him not only to ren-
der this service to the Government without com-
pensation, but also to aid the Government to
perhaps a much larger extent, without embar-
rassment to himself? For myself, I see nothing
improper in the acceptance of this proposition;
and inasmuch as this distinguished gentleman has,
as I understand, heretofore signified his willing-
ness to accept the position and discharge the
duties without pay, I think it is a compliment to
him which the Government ought to render, by
accepting his offer of services without compen-
sation.
Mr. TRAIN. The opposition, Mr. Speaker,
to this amendment which has been sent down to us
from the Senate, is based upon two propositions:
one, that the position is of no importance to the
country; and the other, that the present incum-
bent of the office agreed to take the position with-
out the payment of any salary.
jNfow, sir, in reference to the importance of the
position. So far from its being one of no conse-
quence, I understand it to have been the fact that
the Government have ever felt it to be a place
which ought to be repiesented by a consul. Un-
der the administration of the Grand Duke of Tus-
cany, he would not allow a consul to be located
by this Government there; but upon his abroga-
tion, and the annexation of Tuscany, the place
was left open to us, and the Government seized
upon the opportunity to locate a consul at the city
of Florence. Mr. Cass recommended it at the last
Congress; and the recommendation was indorsed
and reported by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. A bill passed the House creating tiic office,
and affixing a salary to it, but it did not reach the
Senate in time to pass that body.
Mr. Everett, when he was Secretary of State,
deemed Florence of so much importance to Amer-
icans who anived there, that he recommended the
appointment of a charge d'affaires to be located at
that point. Now, then, the Secretary of State and
the Committee on Foreign Affairs have agreed
that Florence is a place where this Government
should be represented, not only by a consul, but
by a consul general. It is proposed that a con-
sul general at Florence shall perform the same
duty for all .southern Europe that the consul gen-
eral at Frank for t-on-the-Maine performs for north-
ern Europe.
This is a position which is of importance to all
Americans residing there, or traveling through
the country. And the very fact that it is not a
large commercial point, and that the fees are con-
sequently very small, amounting, as I am told, to
not more than $100 a year, is a reason why a sal-
ary ought to bu affixed to the position.
I happen to know that the present minister
there, Mr. Marsh, deeming the matter one of ■
very great consequence, has corresponded with ;
Colonel Lawrence, for the purpose of having I
opened a correspondence with all the consuls :
under his jurisdiction, in order, if possible, to con-
trol the subject of fitting out privateers in ports
on the Mediterranean to prey upon our commerce.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I speak for myself, and, I
think, for all of my colleagues who know this in-
cumbent in office, when I say that we have not a
more dignified or high-toned gentleman m Massa-
chusetts. We believe this to be an important po-
sition , and one necessary to Americans abroad;
one that should be filled by a man who is familiar ,
with tlie duties appertaining to such a*},office; and j
we believe that it has been well filled by the ap- .
pointmcnt of Colonel Lawrence. Thus much for J
that objection. j
Now, sir, if this is a position worth having at
all, it is a position for winch this Government j
should pay a salary for the pci forrnance of the |
duty. But it is said tlr.it Colon' 1 Lawrence a ;
gentleman of wealth. Grant it 1 understand (hat j
he is a man of some fortune, and I do not under- \
stand that he asks a salary for the purpose of ;
putting money into his own pocket, but that he ,
asks it simply for the purpose of paying the ordi- j
nary expenses of the office. 1 understand that i
$3,000 would not cover the expenses of the con-
sulship, including traveling expenses, but that the
$1,500 which it is proposed to give would cover
the expenses of office rent and clerk hire. It is
necessary that some one should be continually at
the post, and Colonel Lawrence during his-ab-
sence has a clerk there attending to the duties of-
the office.
Right here, let me say in reference to the ob*
servation of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Roscoe Conklixg,] which I suppose was thrown
in for the purpose of side play, that Colonel Law-
rence is now here in this city. When the war
broke out, he obtained leave to remain in the coun-
try for the purpose of aiding Massachusetts in fur-
nishing and equipping troops for the service of the
Government. He had large pecuniary ability, he
had considerable military capacity, and no man
rendered more efficient service to the country in
this her time of need. He sent his clerk to Flor-
ence, paid his expenses there, and has*paid him
his salary, while he has remained here for the pur-
pose of rendering more important services to his
country.
Now, as regards the statement made by the gen-
tleman from New York the other day, which has
been repeated here this morning, in reference to
the position being taken with the understanding
that there was to be no pay, I am authorized to
say that it is untrue from beginning to end. No
such proposition was ever made with the knowl-
edgeof Colonel Lawrence,and much less assented
to by him or by the State Department. Yet, I
have no doubt that the House was the other day
influenced by the statement.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
speaks of the statement being repeated here this
morning. I wish to say that, so far as I am con-
cerned, I stated distinctly that I did not know the
fact, but that such was the impression produced
upon my mind by the statement made the other
day.
Mr. TRAIN. Certainly. I am not finding fault
iSrith anything thegentlemanfrom Ulinoishas said.
I heard the gentleman from Now York make the
statement the other day upon his own authority,
and, although neither 1 nor any of my colleagues
knew anything of such a fact, we could not con-
tradict the statement. We did not know that it
might not be so. Nov/, I am informed by Colonel
Lawrence himself, and I understand tlie same in-
formation can be had from the State Department,
that so far from proposing that there should be no
salary affixed to the consulship, it was his ex-
pectation that a salary would be attached to the
place, not for the purpose of compensation to him,
but for the purpose of defraying the expenses of
the office. Now, sir, I think that it is due to us
and to the country either to place the consul gen-
eral upon as dignified a position as the officers un-
der him, who are bound to report to him, or we
ought to abolish the office altogether. If we can-
not afford to pay the officc expenses of the office,
we ought not to keep itupon the listof offices, but
we ought to abolish it altogether.
Mr. COX. When I made the motion to strike
out this amendment of the Senate, I did not make
it upon the idea that Colonel Lawrence sought this
office with the understanding that his salary was
to be §2,000 as consular general, for I had been
informed by my friend from Massachusetts that
that was not the fact, but upon the geographical
relation and business of tiiis office.
It is aigucd here that this office is necessary.
Now, sir, why is it necessary? Our consular
agents aie sent abroad for commercial purposes.
Now and then they do a little business in the shape
of vissing passports, for which they charge two
dollars each. But this business of viseing pass-
ports would be done at the seaports. They are
done there now.
The gentleman says that he thinks this is so
conspicuous and so necessai y (hat there ought not
to be the least objection to it. It is an office where
the enormous sum of ^100 in fees is received. Yes,
sir, the receipts of the Florence consulate are $100
per annum. What does that mean5 It means
that tln-rc are about fifty of our people there in
the course of a year, to get their passports vised.
How much work does that irquire r What is re-
quired to a passport3 A scratch of the pen,
often unintelligible, with a seal, and two dollars
paid: that is the whole of it.
It is said that Colonel Lawrence has senta clerk
