THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1862.
New Series No. 155.
Mr. COWAN. I will state that this section
provides specially for granting licenses to distill-
ers, and I propose to amend the bill by; inserting
in the sixtieth section a clause which will provide
for it along with the rest of the licenses, so as to
make the bill uniform. And this section provides
that the first license granted to a distiller shall not
run a whole year, and it makes no provision that
he shall 'be licensed after that. It will be all
avoided by inserting what.I propose to insert in
section sixty, and make the whole a uniform
system.
Mr. SUMNER. Had not that better be read
now, so as to have it understood?
Mr. COWAN. It is the substance of this sec-
tion that I propose to insert between the seventy-
seventh and seventy-eighth lines on page 67, to
come in just before " brewers.''
The VICE PRESIDENT. On page 67, after
line seventy-seven, the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia proposes to insert what will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Distillers shall pay fifty dollars for each license. Every per-
son or copartnership vvlio distills or manufactures spirituous
liquors for t-alrf, s>h«iH be deemed a distiller under this act:
Provided, TJiat any peison or copaitner liip dtbt'llinij or
manufacturing less than tnree humli ed bat relrf per year, '-ball
pay twenty-five clollaisfor a license : And prodded fin tker,
Th.it no license ?liall be jequired for any still or other ap-
paiatus u-ed by diu?gis ts and chemists for the Yeeovery of
alcohol for phaimacetiuca laud chemical puiposes winch
lias been u«.ed in their proee>sr&. Jlnd provided further,
That di&nllei> of apples and ppiicbes distilling or mumiMc-
turim? less than one bundled and filty haireh per year fiojn
the same, shall pay 50 lor a license for tiiat puipo&e,
and foi a gn-atei quantity as other diitiiler^.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on striking out scction thirty-nine, which has
been read.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next question
is on inserting what has just been read on page
67, after line seventy-seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. In line two, section forty-
two, page 44, I move to strike out " before," in
the woid " hereinbefore," so that it will read:
That in addition to the duties payable for licenses herein
provided, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 87, I move to strike
out all after the word "return" m the forty-
eighth line, down to and including the word "not-
withstanding" m line fifty-two. The words to
be stricken out are:
And ail gas companies are iiercby authorized to add the
duty or tax imposed by tills act to the pttce per thousand
cubic I'eet on gas sold,"any limitation which may exist in
tiie chaiter of hind companies or laws of any State to the
eontraiy notwithstanding.
This paragraph, commencing on line twenty-
seven of the preceding page, provides for a tax 011
illuminating gas, and the tax is graduated accord-
ing to the quantity of gas nianufdctuied. A com-
pany that manufactures gas to the amount of five
hundred thousand feet pays five cents per thou-
sand feet. A company that manufactures gas to
tiie amount of five hundred thousand feet, and
less than five million feet, I think, pays ten cents;
and a company that manufactures still more than
five million feet pays fifteen cents per thousand
feet. That is verjrwell, though I doubt the pro-
priety of taxing one person more than another
because one person has greater facility of pro-
ducing the same product than another. I doubt
the justice of it, looking at it as a question of po-
litical economy. Because I manufacture gas a little
cheaper than my neighbor, I do not know why
I should be called upon to pay any higher tax
than my neighbor on the same article; but that I
care nothing about.
I have no sympathy for these gas companies.
So far as my experience and knowledge go, they
are as well able to pay a tax as any other corpora-
tions 111 the country. There is this peculiarity
about their business; they do not feel hard times.
The consumers require just a.3 much gas 111 hard
times as they do 111 prosperous times. They will
liave the gas. it must bo consumed. Grentlemen
155
around me say that that is a mistake. I may be
mistaken in the fall length and breadth of the as-
sertion I have made, but it is not so very great a
mistake as gentlemen suppose. But, however
that may be, this I know: that the gas companies
in the region of country with which 1 am most
familiar, are very prosperous, making a great
deal of money, dividing large dividends. I have
no objection to their being taxed; I do not think
this tax is too high; but tins is what I object to:
that those companies should be permitted to
charge the tax upon their customers. That is
wrong. It is wrong for this reason: these gas
companies are chartered by theState Legislatures,
and there are certain restrictions upon them in
their charters. Now we undertake to modify
their charters, and to give thorn privileges which
they have not under theircharters. We have no
right to do that, in my judgment. I doubt whether
the law would be valid in that respect; but whether
it would or not, it is wrong. We have no ngltf
to say that these companies shall charge upon
their customers this tax. See how it will operate:
I patronize a company, am required, perhaps, to
patromzeaeompany thatmanufactures the largest
amount of gas. That company is taxed twenty
cents per thousand feet for this gas, and the pro-
vision that I move to strike out, authorizes them
to charge that over on me. But my friend, the
Senator from Ohio, patronizes a company that
manufactures the smallest quantity; that com-
pany is taxed five cents per thousand feet, and
this provision authorizes the company to charge
that over upon him. He only pays five cents a
thousand feet, while I pay twenty. As between
him and me, that is veiy unjust. 3f you will
chaige the companies in propoi tion to the quantity
they manufacture, let them pay it, and not charge
it over to their customers. Let that be adjusted
between the companies and their customers, and
not be put in this bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think there is provision
made in regard to the tax where there are two or
more companies, as the {Senator suggests.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is provided for. The
bill expressly provides that where there arc two
or moie companies in the same city, so as to com-
pete with each other, tlu-y shall pay the rate im-
posed 011 the company having the largest produc-
tion.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, sir, I move to strike out
the clause to which I have referred, for the reason
that I think they should not be allowed to charge
it over to their customers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say that that
is necessary in order to equalize the whole thing
all through. The bill goes upon the assumption
that the consumers, as a general rule, will pay
this tax. They will not have to pay the whole
of it, because the companies cannot raise the price
to a very great extent on account of competition*
and more especially on account of the competition
of petroleum.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the chairman, in all can-
dor, why we should undertake to regulate that
thins;? 'Why not leave it, as we leave other
things, to be legulated between those who manu-
facture and those who consume the ai tide ? Why
shall we undertake heie to icgulate that matter,
and provide a thing that we have not provided in
respect to any other article—provide that the con-
sumer shall pay it? There is not another case
parallel to it m the whole bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, there is. The
case of railroad passengers is precisely the same.
The difference is, that with regard to all other
tlungs theie is no regulation by law or of law-
fixing the rate to be chaiged. The charters of
railroad companies, especially horse railroads,
provide that they shall chaige only so much for a
passenger; and in some of these gas charters the
eharteis provide that they shall charge only so
much for gas. That being' the case, we cannot
give up the opportunity of making these large
companies, producing so great a revenue, pay
proportionately to the support of the Government.
It becomes necessary for us, therefore, in order
to place them on a level with alL persons to- be
regulated by demand and supply, to give them the
power to charge it over to the consumers. We
do not say that they shall do so; but we give them
the power to do it. They will then be limited
by the same rules that all other persons are where
there is no legislation. That is the amount of it.
' The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to strike out lines two
hundred and thirty-five and two hundred and
thirty-six, on page 95, in these words:
On oil-dressed leather and deer skins, dre&sed or smoked,
two cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
done. It is a matter we had very much consid-
ered.
Mr. HARRIS. I know, sir, that it was some-
what considered. I made un ineffectual effort to
protect a class of citizens that are likely to be in-
jured by the provisions of the bill as it now stands.
I failed in that, because the Senator made objec-
tion to the amendment that I proposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had no sort of objection
to it after the bill is taken out of committee and
gets in the Senate, as I told him.
Mr. HARRIS. But 1 propose now an entirely
different thing. I propose to strike out this prop-
osition. I propose the amendment in another
place, because it was said the other was not in
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said I should not object
to it when the bill comes into the Senate. It would
be in order then. It is not in order in committee.
Mr. HARRIS. To strike out these two lines?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would be in order
in the Senate, too; but I say the first amendment
of the Senator will be in order in the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. On reflection, I am satisfied this
is the better place, and I want to explain it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to explain it here, and
I am satisfied Senators will indulge me in doing
it. I was a little in doubt whether it was in order
to strike out these two lines because they embrace
an amendment which was proposed by the com-
mittee, but that has been done all day, and I sup-
pose 1 may be indulged as well as others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It also embraces
more, and is another proposition.
Mr. HARRIS. If it is in order, I am glad of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is m order.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to state in addition to
what I stated the other day, that here is this com-
munity in a single county in the State of New
York engaged in this business of manufacturing
leather gloves and mittens. They manufacture to
the amount of about a million of dollars a year, I
think. They gather in this country and elsewhere,
in Mexico, in Canada, and wherever they can find
them, what deer skins they can get. They send
to Europe for sheep skins, and pay duties on them.
They send to Mexico to get deer skins and some
sheep skins, and pay duties on them. They take
them to their manufactory and work them up, and
that constitutes this article that is called oii-dressed
leather, smoked deei skins, and all that sort of
thing. The same manufacturers work up these
skins thus dressed by themselves into leather
gloves and mittens. Now, see how this bill stands.
It charges them two cents a pound upon the leather
that they are just about to woik up into gloves
and mittens. t mi , . _
Mr. COLLAMER. I will ask the gentleman
whether there is any tax on that article ?
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly there is.
Mr. COLLAMER. In this bill?
Mr. HARRIS. Covtamly there is. The Sen-
ator need only read the lines 1 propose to strike
out on page 95:
On oil-diessed leather and deerskins,dressed or sraoked,
tiro ceitt" pei pound.
Now they go on and work this up into gloves,
and then, under the general provisions of the bill,
they are taxed three per cent, cul valorem on their
gloves. It jsi severe; it is too severe. It ought
not to be so. There ore a great many provisions
of this kind in this bill that are very wrong; but
