1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
=f=
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Doe« the gentle-
man think that that is peculiar to our service?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do think it is. J
think it peculiar to such a case as \vc have here.
A number of our generals have been appointed on
the same day, a'tiling which hardly ever occurs
in any nation but our own, because, in other
services, commissions of general officers lange
through a long series of years, and rank is set-
tled by the facts of the case. In our service we
have a number of major generals made on the
one day.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri what difficulty would there be
inarrangingas Floydand Pillowand Buckncrdid?
Mr. BLAiR, of Missouri. I should dislike very
much that officers in our Army should have to
arrange in that way.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have endeav-
ored to appreciate the force of what the gentleman
from Missouri says. His statement, if I com-
prehend it, divides itself into two bearing? on this
subject. In the first place he says that a numbei
of officers of like rank have been appointed on the
same day, and that their commissions bear the
same date. My answer to that is that this act is
totally inapplicable to every such case—because
the proposition here is said to be to enable the
President to give to an inferior officer—not an offi-
cer of the same rank, at any rate, not the same
date of rank—precedence of a superior officer, or
one of older date.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman is
mistaken as to the purport of the resolution. It
does not do any such thing. It requires, in the
first place, that the officer shall be of tlie same
grade. It applies only to the point of seniority.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Do I understand
the gentleman from Missouri to assume in his prop-
osition that the President has now the power, un-
der these articles of war, to assign an officer in a
department to the command of that department,
as against an officer of the same rank, but of greater
seniority in commission ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly he has.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then'I repeat
that this act has no sort of reference to the case
which the gentleman puts. And why? Because
if the officers are created on the same day, unless
in rare exceptional cases, there is no seniority as
between them, and then the gentleman confesses
that the President has the power now to assign
just what officer he pleases to the command.
Now, if so, it is always so except in the case
which this bill is intended to provide for. Wiiat
case is that? It is the case spoken of on the 9th
page of the Army Regulations, where two men
are appointed on a given day to a given rank, and
where one, in his previous connection with the
Army, held a rank superior to that held by the
other. In that case, the one outranks the other,
and I did not until now undeistand the object
avowed to be to reach any such exceptional case
as that.
Mr. OLIN. Will my colleague yield to me?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to say that it is by no
means a certain proposition that because a man
may have held a colonel's commission in the
Army and resigned,and been afterwardsappomted
from civil life, he outranks an officer of the same
grade who may have pieviously held a captain's
commission, resigned, and been appointed from
civil life. 1 only alluded to this as a matter of
claim, and if I failed to throw light on the sub-
ject, the gentleman need not make me say what I
do not say, or make me assert as military law
what is not conceded to be military law by any-
body.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Now, Mr. Speak-
er, if these two distinguished gentlemen fi om the
Military Committee have not demonstrated the
impossibility of seeing on this showing the use of
the bill, I am no judge of the weight of argument.
Just look at what they say. Tin: distinguished
gentleman from Missouri says that the bill is in-
tended to reach a case where, owing to the fact that
one officer's preceding commission was higher,
although the present rank is the same, he is en-
titled to command as against his associate m rank.
That is his case. And my colleague admits that
in the case of officers succeeding to their lank on
the same day, the iank being the same—and thus
far the gentleman from Missouri agrees with him—
the President has the undoubted power to assign
the command as he pleases. Then there is no case
left for this bill to act upon on the joint case made
by these two gentlemen. But my colleague says
he does not admit even that antecedent rank con-
fers any precedence unless the officer asserting
this precedence was not in civil life when ap-
pointed, but was then actually belonging to the
Army. Now, then, I venture to say there is no
such case in the service. I venture to say so be-
cause I have heard the general subject discussed,
and 1 have heard no such case cited.
Mr. OLIN. I ask my colleague to allow me to
say that it would seem to any one who had casu-
ally read the bill that there could be no mistake
as to what its object was, or to what class of offi-
cers it would apply. It was designed to apply to
to every major gencial in the Army, without re-
gard to the date of his commission, when two or
more major generals came into the same depart-
ment. It was designed to apply to every briga-
dier general of the Army, without respect to the
date of his commission, whenever two or more
brigadier generals came into the same department
of the Army where their commands might other-
wise conflict.
Now, the gentleman from New York is entirely
mistaken when he supposes the object of this bill
was to assign rank as between Major General Mc-
Clellan and Major General Fremont. The War
Department and nobody else, so far as I know,
ever anticipated the application of the bill to any
such case.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Do I understand
my colleague as stating that I made that sugges-
tion ?
Mr. OLIN. I understood the gentleman to say
that there was no case to which this bill could ap-
ply except where the commissions were issued on
the sauie day, and wheie one officer who was ap-
pointed from civil life formerly held a commission
m the Army superior to that of another officer,
appointed also from civil life to the same grade,
but who held a lower rank at some time in the
Army. I understood the gentleman to assert that;
and if he did not assert that, I have failed to
understand him, or he has failed to make himself
so well understood, perhaps, as he fancies he has.
But,sir,the objectofthe bill is simply whatl have
stated. It applies, as the HouSe will see it must
of necessity apply, to a vast vauety of cases.
Almost yd of the commissions of the brigadier
geneials in the service of the United States now
bear date almost at the same time. All of them
have been created within a year.
But the gentleman inquires why a piovision of
this kind should now be presented when the Army
Regulations contain nothing of the kind, and they
have been in operation substantially as they now
exist since the foundation of the Government,
when they aie the accumulated wisdom not only
of this country, but of ail European countties.
Mr. Speaker, I do not profess to know much upon
the subject of military law. It has not been my
profession, it has not been my avocation, and I
have not had occasion to study or examine this
subject, except so far as the discharge of my duties
here has called upon me to do so; and m that res-
pect I have done less than I ought to have done.
But, sir, it is a singular spectacle ro sec a gentle-
man here who I am quite sine knows as little as
I do upon this subject assume to instruct the
House in a most dogmatic manner upon the sub-
ject of military seience and military i.wv. I have
no feeling upon this subject at all. So far as my
feelings could influence my action is this House, I
should be disposed, so far as I am concerned, to
let ceitain individuals who piesent certain claims
to rank and command, exercise that rank and com-
mand, if the rules and regulations would permit
them to do it. ' I only know that this measure is
proposed both by the President and the Secretary
of Wdi, for the reason as I have stated, that it will
facilitate the organization and march of our troops.
It seems to be the object of some gentlemen in
this House to embarrass every military measure
that comes before this House; and if my colleague
chooses to place himself in that category he is at
liberty to do so.
xVir. W1CKLIFFE. I should like to know
whether the gentleman includes me in that re-
mark ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I believe I am
entitled to the floor.
Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir; the gentleman obtained
the floor by my courtesy, andoccupies it for-the
purpose of abusing me and themeasure which I
bring here, and which is recommended by both
the President and Secretary of War, - - --
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question ©f'difr-
der. I submit that it is not in order to invoke
the opinion of the President in support of any
measure. % 1 ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. OLIN. Then I suppose it is out of order
to discuss in this House any measure recommended
by the Administration.
The SPEAKER. The Manual is express in
requiring that, in Parliament, the opinion of the
King shall not be cited in support or opposition
of a measure.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the Chair decide that
the President is King? [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If Idid notknow
as well as I do the goodness of heart of my col-
league, 1 should feel a little hurt at what he has
said. My colleague understands as well as any
other gentleman that the last things I want to do
is to embarrass the march of the Army or to em-
barrass the generals or any of the distinguished
personages to whom he has alluded. He knows
that this is the last thing I would do, unless the
last thing is to attempt to embarrass or hinder
him in any unfriendly way.
But my colleague speaks of others being dog-
matic. I want to ask him when he delivers his
next lecture to the House to inform us to what
extent precisely we are at liberty to go in consid-
ering and discussing the merits of legislative
measures proposed for our action. He delivered
a lecture the other day to convince the House that
no man, unless ho was a lawyer, could tell whether
another lawyer managed his business successfully
or not; und that no man, unless he was a general,
and capable offighting battles himself, could judge
at all whether military affairs were ably and suc-
cessfully conducted. I have no issue with him
on this now; but to-day he delivers a lecture to
convince the House of the presumption and im-
propriety of a member who ventures to rise and
discuss or ask for light upon an important meas-
uie of legislation, which my colleague proposes
to put foithwith upon its passage. Now, sir, I
really hope the next time my colleague assumes
the rostrum, and instructs the House, he will
define, plainly and specifically, how far we may-
make objections or indulge in doubts, because, if
I can only findout where the lines run, I will keep
inside of them.
Now, I want to say to him in good part, and not
at all in the spirit which seems to have prompted
his remarks, that neither he nor any other gentle-
man has furnished to the House any good reason
for adopting thus hastily this measure. And the
little debate which has sprung up on it shows that
he and his colleague on the Committee on Mili- .
tary Affairs are entirely at loggerheads in regard
to the construction of the law as it stands, and the
necessity of the law proposed. One quotes a dis-
tinguished personage in the-Government to back
up his opinion. This authority is the only argu-
ment he presents for the bill, and in presenting it
at all here he is out of order; and the other states
his belief to be just the contrary. My purpose is
to call the attention of the House fora momentto
this point, and then I will yield the floor, which
1 did not design holding so long. I want to bring
to the attention of the House the"single point fle-
ducible from this rambling discussion. It is this:
the bill is not believed by any one to be necessary
in order to assign precedence between those of the
same rank and same date of commission. No one
will say that the President of the United States
has not the power now to assign precedence, as
he pleases, between officers of the same rank and
same date of commission; and there seems little or
nothing else for the bill to act upon.
In one point I was mistaken. The bill does not
enable the President of the United States to assign
an officer of inferior rank to take precedence in
command of a superior officer. Where the date
of commission is the same and the rank is the
same, precedence, accoiding to my colleague, is
deter milled by the last preceding rank of the officers
concerned, provided,and only provided, both act-
ually belonged to the Army at the time their in-
creased rank was^eonferred. Assumingthis pro-
