1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
and therefore cannot answer the gentleman's ques-
tion ; but in relation to fees, he will find that there
is a further amendment in reference to this con-
sulate on that subject*
Mr. TRIMBLE. If the gentleman from New-
York will allow me, I can answer his question in
relation to the expenses of consuls out and in. I
understand that when consuls are not sent out or
brought home in Government vessels, their ex-
penses are always paid both ways.
_ Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Well, sir, that
is a very satisfactory answer to the question, and
it enables me to conclude what I was saying by
the remark, that if there is any doubt whatever
about the disposition of the gentleman in question,
if there is any possibility that he received this place
upon a misunderstanding, or has become a victim
of misplaced confidence—confidence misplaced in
the generosity of this House—he is here and is
entirely at liberty to lay down this place, which
has suddenly become apparently so worthless and
so undesirable, and enable some other citizen of
the Republic to hold it; and no doubt there are a
great number who would be very glad to hold it,
even without the fees, and even without expenses
being paid out and in.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, from the course
which this debate has taken, a casual observer
might suppose that he had come into the Senate
and we weie discussing a nomination, instead of
into the House of Representatives, who were dis-
cussing a matter so purely impersonal as the
amount of compensation for a consular office.
Now, sir, nothing could be slighter than my
acquaintance with the gentleman who has been
named on.this floor as the person for whom this
office is intended. I have heard of him as a gen-
tleman of intelligence and character, but I do not
intend that my vote on this question shall be in-
fluenced by any informal statements, coming from
sources however respectable, that this office is in-
tended for some particular person, and that he has
made some special private agreements in relation
to it.
I think, sir, that in the present condition of our
foreign relations, with the diminished considera-
tion that attaches to the name of an American citi-
zen during the progress of this unhappy war, we
shall need men of high intelligenceand high char-
acter to maintain the rights of our travelers and of
our commercial voyagers in all parts of the world,
and I should be veiy sorry to rcduce, in any de-
free, the appropriations for our consular service,
will not admit as a correct principle that our
offices are to be put upon such a footing that rich
men alone can take them. I think there is a much
better rule laid down in the Scriptures: "The
laborer is worthy of his hire."
Now, sir, if this office should exist at all, few
travelers who have traveled in that part of the
world would believe that the sum named as com-
pensation for it is more than adequate; and believ-
ing, from the representations that come to us from
the proper source, that the office is one that ought
to exist, and having my own belief also upon that
subject, I shall vote against the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] and in favor of the
amendment of (he Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing this debate. We
have already had twice as much discussion on
this subject as we ought to have had.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Maynard reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the amendments of the
Senate to the consular and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumes the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate, all debate shall be closed in five min-
utes.
Mr. WICIvLIFFE. If that motion is subject
to amendment, I suggest that instead of having
this five minutes' speaking on nothing, the Com-
mittee of the Whole be instructed to report the
bill to the House in five minutes after they shall
resume its consideration.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be made
as an amendment to an order to close debate. It
can only be done by a two-thirds vote.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion to close debate; and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
resolve itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Maynard in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the amendments of the Senate to
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, as there seems
to be considerable misapprehension with regard
to this question, and as the delegation from Mas-
sachusetts has been so frequently alluded to, if the
House will bear with me a few moments, I will
endeavor to state the precise facts in the case as I
understand them. I know, sir, that no gentleman
in this country would be more unwilling to take
this position than the honoiable gentleman who is
the present incumbent upon any misunderstand-
ing of the facts in the case; and I know that that
gentleman would not desire to receive a salary at
the hands of this Government upon any misap-
prehension whatever.
The facts, as I understand them, are these: this
gentleman formerly, when his distinguished father
was minister at the Court of St. James, occupicd
the position of acting secretary of legation with
great credit to himself and honor to the nation.
A Member. He was only an attache.
Mr. ALLEY. Well, he was an attache to the
legation.
Mr. DELANO. I suggest totny colleague that
the gentleman he refers to was for a long time act-
ing secretary of legation at London.
Mr. ALLEY. I thank my colleague for the
explanation. I was going on to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that this gentleman was an applicant for the
office of secretary of legation in London, but ob-
jections were made, not upon the ground of his
qualifications at all, but because another gentle-
man had received a promise of the appointment,
and was subsequently appointed. The distin-
guished gentleman who is af present minister to
that Court then brought forward the name of Col-
onel Lawrence for the position which he now holds,
and stated to the Massachusetts delegation that as
there was no salary attached to the office, there
could be no objection to his appointment. The
delegation unanimously seconded the nomination
thus made by the distinguished minister to the
Court of St. James, and application was made to
the President for the appointment under these cir-
cumstances. The impression, I think, prevailed
with some of the delegation at the time that Colonel
Lawrence understood that in accepting that posi-
tion lie would have no salary. We have since
been informed by Colonel Lawrence that he ac-
ccpted it with no such understanding, and I will
say further that he has already, as has been stated,
incuned considerable expense in sending forward
h is secretary while he stayed at home serving his
country in a military capacity, in accordance with
the suggestion of friends, and with the full ap-
proval of the Government; he received afuilough
with that understanding. He pays quite a salary to
the secretai y whom he employs, and if this salary
is attached to the office as now proposed, I under-
stand that it will not much more than pay the com-
pensation of the secretary whom he employs.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to increase the sum $1,200.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
Hampshire misapprehends, probably,«the nature
of the amendment now before the committee.
The amendment now before the committee is the
amendment of the Senate to insert in the list of
consul generalships the word " Florence,"and the
question is on concurring in that amendment.
Does the gentleman from New Hampshire pro-
pose an amendment?
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the word "Venice." It is not,
Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of putting myself
before the committee in this discussion that I offer
the amendment 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 understood that the House had
limited debate on the Senate amendments to five
minutes, and that that time had already, accord-
ing to the decision of the Chair, expired. While,
therefore, it is competent to propose amendments,
it is not competent to discuss them; otherwise the
order of the House would entirely nugatory,
I have no feeling as to what way this cjuestioa
maybe decided, for I desire to say something my-
self; but I make the point of order so as to ascer-
tain what rule is to be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules t&e
point of order. The gentleman from Illinois will
recollect that it is only general debate on the bill
that has been terminated. The amendments are
still open to five minutes' debate.
Mr. EDWARDS. I was saying, Mr. Chair-
man, that 1 did not enter into this discussion
merely for the sake of occupying the attention of
the committee, but because there are some facts
within my knowledge which I think should be
made known to the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise toapointof order.
The gentleman from New Hampshire must con-
fine himself to the merits of his amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois desires to hold me so strictly up to the rules
of the House as not to permit me to pccupy the
five minutes to which I am entitled, he may go
on raising points of order, and I will resign tSe
floor. But I hope the gentleman is willing that
the same measure which he metes to me shall be
meted to himself.
Mr. WASHBURNE. X am, sir, always and
on all occasions.
Mr. EDWARDS. I trust,Mr. Chairman, that
the Senate amendment is not to be rejected for no
other reason than bccause the House refused,
when the original bill was before it, to insert
Florence as a place for a consul generalship. If
the bill contains any valuable amendments made
by the Senate, I hope that, although the House
may have originallyrejected them, it will now sanc-
tion them. I know that the feeling of the House
is against this particular amendment; but I think
that the House is under a misapprehension in
regard to the fact. I think that too much of that
feeling has originated out of an issue made be-
tween the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Train] and the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Roscoe Conkling,] I understood the latter gen-
tleman to assert ftierely that there were sufficient
influences brought to bear upon the President,
such representations made to him, as to induce
him to give this appointment to Mr. Lawrence.
I did not understand the gentleman from New
York as charging Mr. Lawrence with a knowl-
edge of that fact. The issue is therefore an imma-
terial one.
I know that Mr. Lawrence, at the time he ac-
cepted the appointment, had no reason to believe
that a salary would not be attached to it. I hold in
my hand a bill that was introduced into this House
in 1860, and which received the approval of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, of which commit-
tee I believe the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
was then a member, giving a salary of $1,500 to
this consulship at Florence. I think that that bill
passed this House and went into the Senate 
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. With entire respect to the gentleman from
New Hampshire and to the committee, I hold that
the gentleman is not speaking to his amendment.
The gentleman has no right to make any personal
issue with me because I raise a question of order.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will render it unnecssary
for the Chair to decide the question of order. £
was aware that my remarks were not pertinent to
the amendment which I offered. I expected, how-
ever, the indulgence of the committee, but 1 new
resign the floor.
Mr. COX. I did not get the pith of the argu-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire; but
he made one statement in which he was not cor-
rcct. I was not a member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs when the bill to which the gen-
tleman referred was reported by it. It was urged
here by the gentleman from Massachusetts that
this office ought to be created, and that there ought
to be a salary of $1,000 a year attached to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman is permitted, by the rules
of the House, to oppose the amendment offered
by the gentleman from New Hampshire, which
is, to add the word " Venice." So long as the
gentleman speaks to that he is in order; but un-
less he confines himself toit he is out of oider,
Mr. COX. I am opposed to creating a consul
generalship at Venice. I do not think that Venice
is the proper place for it; neither is Florence. I
