2468-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
is to be.tested by their conduct. I am willing to
have my Democracy tested by my conduct.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know whether a discussion on Demo-
craticprinciplesisin order on this pending amend-
ment to strike out this section.
Mr. SUMNER. Move to adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, sir; I have the floor,
at}d I will not yield for that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be im-
possible for a presiding officer always to tell what
application a Senator may make of an argument
that may appear to be very remote. The Chair
can discover no conncction between the question
before the Senate and the one the Senator is dis-
cussing. Still, there may be one, not discovered
by the Chair.
Mr. McDOUGALL. As the gentleman from
Iowa is somewhat disturbed 
Mr. GRIMES. No; I am not. I only want
to get through with this amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well, as the Sena-
tor is anxious to get through his amendment, and
seems very anxious, I will give him a chance to
get the floor; but I want it distinctly understood
that all the mischiefs and errors of the present
are not to be charged to any party, and do not
belong to nnybody. I, a Democrat myself, and
with the Democratic party, would not charge it
to any body of men or any party of men. It is
the accident of the times. I think when the coun-
try is to be redeemed 
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question? He states that the
Democratic party is to live for a hundred years.
Mr. McDOUGALL. A thousand years.
Mr. WILKINSON. Well, a thousand years.
I wish to ask him whether he intends that it shall
behave itself any better than it has for the last
few years.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Democratic party
for the last four years 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me beg of my friend
to waive this discussion for the present. Itisen-
tirely out of place, and we are anxious to get
through with the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will do so in a minute.
I only wish to add 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that this discussion is out of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to finish the sen-
tence which I had commenced when interrupted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rules
the Senator out of order.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator is bound to take his
seat on that ruling.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say a word on
the question of order. That is a privileged ques-
tion, is it not?
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to take an appeal from the decision.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I believe a question of
order is a privileged question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I have the floor.
The JiTlCE PRESIDENT. The Senator is en-
titled to the door on the question of order. He
will stale his point of order.
Mr. COLL AM ER. I wish to ask what is the
question before the body?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California has risen to a question of order, which
he will state.
Mr. FOOT. I ask that the 6th rule of the Sen-
ate may be read on that point.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"6. Tfany member in speaking or otherwise traitress
the rules of the tinnate, the Presiding Officer shall, oi any
member may, call to order, and when a member shall lie
called to order by the Piesident or a Senator, he shall >it
down and shall not proceed without leave of the Senate,
and every question ot older shall be decided by the Pujm-
dent withoutdebate, -nibiect to an appeal to the Senate, ami
the President may call for the sense of the rfenate on any
question of order."
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, if the
Senator from Vermont will inform me the cause
of his application of that rule I will make an
apology to the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. The rule requires that a member
when caiied to order shall be seated.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe I am entitled to the
.floor, as no appeal is taken from the decision of
the Chair,
Mr. President, if I believed with the Senator
from Maine that these provisions, as they now
stand, would not be oppressive to any class of
small dealers, I would not seek to have the change
made; but I think they are. It may not be so m
som^sections of the country; but it is a very dif-
ficult thing as we all know to legislate even for a
State in this particular. We have found it to be
exceedingly difficult to legislate-for our State: one
part of it settled up a quarter of acentury ago,and
the other just rescued from the hands of the sav-
ages. It is much more difficult to legislate for a
great nation like this, where one method may do
in one section of the country, the old settled por-
tion, the Atlantic States, and for one class of men
doing business, men of capital and wealth—as the
Senator from Maine himself said when he spoke
of wholesale dealers—men who have gone up the
regular gradations of trade, first having been re-
tailers, and then, having accumulated capital, have
become wholesale dealers; I say, it is altogether
a different state of facts legislating for them and
legislating for remote sectionsof the country where
it is comparatively new. But even in the old States,
in the city of Boston, for instance, it strikes me
that it would be manifestly unjust that a great
wholesale house selling two or three millions a year
should not be taxed more than a little young house
which is trying to struggle into existence. I would
propose to add to that sixth clause this:
Every person whose business or occupation is to sell or
offer to sell groceries, or any good*, wares, or merchandise
of foreign or domestic production by more than one original
package oi piece at anyone time to the same purchaser (not
including wines, spn ituous or malt liquor*) whtne annual
sales shall not exceed the sum of §50,000, shall be deemed
to be for all the purpose* of this act a letail dealer, and shall
pay a l eense_of ten doiUus.
And then to add to the fifth clause:
Every retail dealer, whose annual sales shall amount to
$50,000, shall be regarded for all the purposes of tins act as
a wholesale dealer, and shall pay a license of fifty dollars.
Mr. HARRIS. I will agree to that.
Mr. COLLAMER. How can you determine
for a year to come how much a man is going to
Sell?
Mr. GRIMES. Judge as in other cases, by
the preceding year's sales.
M r. COLL AM ER. But suppose he is just set-
ting up his business; how can you tell how much
he is going to sell ?
Mr. GRIMES. Then I would change it so as
to have it covered by the amount of sales of the
preceding year.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to ask the Senator
from Iowa a question; whether the dealer cannot
as well tell how much he is going to sell as
whether he is going to sell m original packages
or not.
Mr. GRIMES. I should think so.
Mr. HARRIS. Is not one test as good as the
other?
Mr. GRIMES Certainly. As to finding out
what the sales are, we do it now in the States.
There is no trouble about that.
Mr. COLLAMER. This very bill involves
that principle. It says that if their sale# do not
amount to more than $1,000, they are not to pay
anything.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; and why not extend
it stiil further, so as to regard what he has to sell
as a wholesale dealer or retailer ?
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me to be utterly imprac-
ticable to graduate this matter of licenses. Take
lawyers, for instance. I suppose there are some
lawyers in the United States who make as much as
$10,000, and there are others who do not makd
ten dollars. They are all taxed the same rate;
and it must be so with wholesale dealers. You
cannot go into detail in i elation to a great tax bill
that will establish anything like impartial equality
and justice; it is utterly impossible. There must
be some practical principles adopted; and it seems
to me this is one, and a necessary one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Was the Senator
from New York understood to adopt the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Iowa?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That, then, is the
question before the Senate.
Mr, HARRIS. 1 have as high an opinion of
the patriotism and devotion to his country of the
Senator from Maine as any other man, as he has
himself; and if I thought, as he seems to think,
tiiat this particular bill, with all its defects and
deformities, was the thing required in order to
raise the requisite amount of revenue for our coun-
try, I should be the last man to utter a word
against it. I am persuaded that that Senator has
in his committee bestowed so much labor and
thought upon it, and it has been the subject of so
much anxiety on his part, that he has come to
make himself believe that the salvation of the
country depends upon the passage of this bill.
Now, sir, I do not think, I cannot persuade my-
self that that is so. I am as anxious as he orany
other man to raise all the revenue that thecountiy
requires. I should be the last man to consont to
adjourn this Congress until a bill had been passed
which would be sufficient to raise the requisite
amount of revenue; and if I can-be satisfied that
this bill will do that, and that no other better bill
will do it, I go for this bill, unpopular as I know
it will be, unjustly and severely as I know it will
operate. I know very well—I think I know—
that a bill may be framed which will answer every
purpose, and which will be satisfactory to the
people of this country. I know that the people
demand that they shall be taxed. I know that
they expect to be taxed. They will not be satis-
fied unless they are taxed, and taxed to the full
amount of the requirements of the Government.
They expect it, and demand it. But, sir, while
that is to be done, I want such a bill as will not
be offensive to the people of this country; and, in
my judgment, this will be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why has not the Senator
drawn one?
Mr. HARRIS. It was not my purpose to draw
one. I think I could draw one. There are pro-
visions m this bill to which I do not object. I do
object to the whole system of licenses. I believe
it is wrong. 1 believe it will be unpopular; and
I believe it will operate unjustly and severely, and
will be denounced by the people. I object to the
system of stamps. I believe it is calculated to
operate partially, oppressively, upon the business
part of the community. Sir, this bill is framed
with a view to tax labor, to tax industry, to tax
commerce. That is the operation of the bill, and
it will be felt to be such by the people. 1 would
be willing to tax manufactures. I think the man-
ufacturers of the country are ready to pay their
three per cent. I believe they are. I would be
willing to tax corporations m the way they are
taxed in this bill. In respect to distilled spirits,
I suppose I have had twenty letters from large
distillers, all of whom agree that they are to be
taxed largely, and none'of them object to the tax
proposed. So in relation to ale. All agree they
arc to be taxed and do not object to the amount
of it. But, sir, when you come to these little de-
tails, so irritating in their operation, I do object
to it.
I believe that a bill can be passed here which
will not be unpopular, but which will be popular,
which will meet with acceptance by the great body
of the people, and which will raise all the revenue
that is required; but this is not the bill. I have
sought, I have endeavored to ascertain, the pater-
nity of this bill. I cannotfind the man who claims
to have' drawn it. I think it belongs to another
age. I do not think this bill was ever framed by
any man of the present age. There are provisions
in it which seem to me to furnish intrinsic evidence
that it came from another generation. In relation
to this matter of licenses, I have some feeling. I
know that it is not necessary, and I know that it
will be exceedingly odious among the people. I
repeat that while I do not yield to the Senator
from Maine in my devotion to the country, while
I will vote as large an amount as is necessary, I
yet want to do that in a way that shall operate
with the least possible disadvantage and injury
to the people who have to pay these enormous
taxes. They expect it; they demand it. Now,
sir, for myself I would wipe out all this matter of
licenses. I do not expect to accomplish that; but
while I cannot accomplish that, I want to make
the matter of licenses as palatable as 1 can to my
constituents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Scnatoi from New York.
Mr. LATHAM. Do I understand that the
amendment is as proposed by the Senator from
Iowa?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from New Yoik to have
adopted that amendment and made it his own.
