m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
would prefer Venice to Florence,because the for-
mer is a seaport, and has a good ileal of water in
herstreets. [Laughter.] It is urged here that Flor-
ence is a proper place for a consul generalship,
because the person holding that office could take
charge of all the Italian consulates. X submit it
as a practical question to the House, whether an
inland city like Florence is the proper place to lo-
cate an office which is to have the supervision of
the consulsljips of Naples, Palermo, Leghorn,
Genoa, and Venice. If there is to be a consul
general at all for Italy he ought to be located at
Genoa or Naples. The placing that office at Flor-
ence would be just as sensible an act as placing a
consul generalship at Indianapolis or Harrisburg
that -was to have a supervision of the consulate at
New York. I do not believe there is any use in
fixing a consul generalship at Florence. Any su-
pervision that may be needed for Italian consul-
ates can be exercised by the American minister
at Turin; or the consuls can send their dispatches
to Washington, and have them attended to almost
as promptly as they could be if they were sent to
Florence. I therefore see no practical utility in
this proposition. The whole object of the amend-
ment is to give a nice snug berth t6 some gentle-
man who can afford to live at Florence. I hope
the House will not concur in it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Unless the com-
mittee is disposed to vote on the amendment with-
out further debate, I shall move that the committee
rise and close debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before that motion is put I
desire to inquire how much the expenses of our
foreign relations are increased by this bill, over
and above the appropriations of the second ses-
sion of last Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have not the
figures by mo.
Mr. HOLMAN. About how much ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. About forty
thousand dollars. I move that the committee
rise, with a view of closing debate on this amend-
ment.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire t  ask a question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not till after-
wards.
The question was takenfand the committee re-
fused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now on
concurring in the amendment of the Senate, the
effect of which is to create a consul generalship
at Florence.
Mr. OL1N. I do not think the Chair has stated
the question correctly. As 1 understand it, the
question is simply whether the salaiy shall be
increased.
The CHAIRMAN. The question on the
amendment is as to whether the consulate at
Florence shall be raised to a consul generalship.
Mr. EDWARDS. The consulship at Florence
is already a consul generalship. I ask for the
reading of the amendment.
The amendment was read by the Clerk.
Mr. EDWARDS. The question, therefore, is
not whether the office shall be raised, but what
shall be the salary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has stated the
question to be whether Florence shall be included
in the list of consul generalships, it being now
simply a consulate.
Mr. EDWARDS. I must take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made no
decision from winch an appeal can be taken. The
Clerk will again read the amendment, and the com-
mittee will decidc for itself the effect of it.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. OL1N. Is not Florence already, by exist-
ing law, a consul generalship?
A Member. ]No.
Mr. OL1N. It is; and the simple question now
is as to raising the salary of the office.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. I see no necessity
for any difficulty in reference to this matter. It is
simply a question of fact. The honorable gen-
tleman from New York has just made a statement
that this consulship now exists by authority of
law/ I am prepared now to deny that statement
very emphatically.
.The CHAIRMAN. The question has been
stated by the Chair as the Ghair understands the
•fact; but in order to correct any misapprehension,
he asks the Clerk to read, first, the original text1
of the bill, and then the amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For salaries of consuls general at Quebec, Calcutta, &c.
The Senate propose to insert in this clause of
the bill the word 44 Florence."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I suppose that salaries
are provided for all the consuls general cxcept
that at Florence, and that this amendment of the
Senate is to provide a salary for a consul at Flor-
ence.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is to in-
sert " Florence" in the list of consuls general.
Mr. TRAIN demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page 4, line eighty-six, in the clausc making an appro-
priation lor the salaues of consuls, inseit after the words
"St. John, New Brunswick,"' the words "Pictou, Nova
Scotia."
The Committee of "Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Page 4, line eighty-seven, same clause, change the word
" Vcndie" to " Vendee."
The Committee of "Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Pace 4, line eighty-one, same clause, strike out the words
"St. Marc."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Page 4, lino eighty-uvo, same clause, strike out the words
" Hayti and Liberia."
The Committee of "Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Page 1, line eighty-two, insert after "Valencia," the
words " Port Mahon."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 4, line eighty-thiec, same clause, strike out the word
" Toronto," n.nd inseit " Taranto."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Page 4, line eighty-three, same clausc, Mnke out the word
u Bilboa," and mseit "Bilbao."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrencc in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Page 4, line eighty-four, same clausc, strike out the word
" and," between tUe words Scio" and " Paiamaubo."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred m.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 4, line eighty-four, same clausc, after the woid
" Paiamanbo," insert the words:
Macao, Stockholm, Ancona, Otranto, Swatow, La Paz,
Bergen, Trinidad, Barcelona, Quebec, Maricaibo, Algiers,
Port-au-Prince, Sau Domingo, (city,) Monrovia, Cape Ilay-
ticn, and Aux Caycs.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following amend-
ment:
After the woids t( Aux Cayes," add " Ncwcastie-upon-
Tyne."
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire that amend- j
ment to be amended byinsertingthewords "Santa '
Cruz/'and in explanation of it 1 wiil send a letter 1
from the State Department on the subject, which
I ask to have read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of State,
washington-, Januani ~2'3, 18g2.
Sir : 1 have the honor to lequest that, m the bill making
appiopriationsfor the consular and diplomatic service which
passed, with amendments, the Senate on Monday last, the
amendment of the Senate, in lino eighty-four, may be
amended, so that, after the we d " Macao," the words
Newcastle-upon-Tync" and "Santa Cruz" may be in-
serted.
It b pioposcd to change, under the piovinoiw of tlic act
of August 2, 1861, the former consulate fiom a fee confl-
ate to"the salaried class, and to increase the compensation
of the consulate at Santa Cruz from 0 to si,.->00 pei an-
num, and piohibit th£ consuls at both places fiom engaging
in business, in accordance with the proviso inserted by the
Senate, at the request of this Department, m the amend-
ment atter line ninety-two.
There will be no necessity of increasing the amount of
the appropriation.
For your convenience, I transmit a printed report of the
Senate amendments.
I have the honor to he, sir, your obedient servant.
W1LMAM II. SEWARD.
Hon. Elihu B. Washburne,
Chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
House of Representatives.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as amended, was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Page 4, line eighty-eight, of the clause making appropri-
ations for the-salaries of commercial agents, strike out the
words " Poit-au-Prince, San Domingo (city) "
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Page 4, line eighty-nine, same clause, making appiopri-
ations for the salaries of commercial agents, strike out the
words " Monrovia" and "Cape'Haytien," and inseit after
hue eighty-nine of the same clause the woida " St. Marc."
The Committee of Ways and'Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Page 4, line ninety, same clause, strike out the words
" Aux Caycs " and inseit " Curaijoct "
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Pase 4, line sixty-nine, in the same clausc, strike out
" $3-17,750   and inseit" $350,250."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following amend-
ment:
Alter the woid c: fifty," in line three of said amendment,
add the word " one," and after the word "thousand" in the
fouitli line, btiiko out "two" and insert "seven;"1 &o tha;
it will icad "$331,750."
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendmentof the Committee of Ways and Means
by reducing that sum $300. I do this to make the
change in the aggregate amount correspond with
that made by the adoption of the amendment
moved by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne.]
The amend ment to theamendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as amended, was agreed to.
The Senate amendment as amended was con-
curred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Page 4, after line ninety-two, insert as follows :
And the salary of the consul at Bremen shall be $3,000.
to commence on the 1st day of January, 1862; and the con-
sul at Pictou, Nova Scotia, shall receive a s«aluiy ot ,^i;500,
to commence on the 1st day of January, 1862; and the sal
aiy of the consul at Swatow shall be $3,500, to comnjencc
on the 21st day of September, I860 ; and the salary of the
consul general at Florence shall be §1,000, to commence on
the 1st dav of January, 1862: and the consul at Poit Mahon
shall receive a salary of .$1,500: Provided, That all con-
sular officers whose lespective salaries exceed $1,000 per
annum shall bo subject to the provisions of the fifth eection
of the act to regulate tiie diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States, approved August 18, 1856; and then
respective consulates shall be included in schedule B of the
list of salaried consulates.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amen'dment, with the
following amendment:
Page 4, line one, after the word "dollars," add the words
" and the consul at Newcastle-upon-Tyne shall receive a
salary of $1,500, commencing on the 1st day of Januaiy,
1863.""
Mr. COX. I move to strike out that part of
the amendment in relation to the Florence consul-
ate, whatever it is, leaving the office to stand upon
the fees.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to call the attention
of the House to this part of the bill:
The salary of the consul at Swatow shall be $3,500 per
annum, to commcncc on the 21st of September, 1860.
