1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting, after the word " Ter-
ritory," the wprds " District of Columbia."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring upon inserting the first
section of the amendment—
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mitchell
and Richardson were appointed.
The committee divided; and tlie tellers reported
—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the first section of the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. DELANO. The first section being rejected,
I withdraw the remainder of the amendment, as
it hinges upon the first part.
. Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to pass over for the present the
part of the bill relating to income duty, and to
proceed immediately to the subject of stamp du-
ties, upon the 94th page. There is some difficulty
in determining the exact language which should
be used in reference to the income tax. Upon
consulting the authorities, we find that there may
be, and probably will be, a liability to conflicting
construction upon the section as it now stands 111
the bill. We have not yet agreed upon the lan-
guage which we should use in order to renJer the
section satisfactory. I hope the Committee or
Ways and Means will be allowed further time to
perfect the bill so far asit relates to income duties.
No objection being made, (he income tax was
passed over for the present; and the committee pro-
ceeded to consider the sections relating to stamp
duths.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the ninety-
second section, in line twenty, by striking out
" privately and secretly," and inserting " know-
ingly;" so that the clause sliall read:
It'any poison shall knowingly u^e any stamp or die which
shall have been so provided, made. or uitaU as atme&aul,
with intent to deliuud the United rfi.uo-, 8ce. .
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. PORTER. I move to amend by inserting
the woid " fraudulently'5 after the word "shall,"
in the twenty-third line: so that the clause shall
read:
Or if any person shall fraudulently cut, rear, oi get off,
or cau*e or proeme to be cut, torn, or got oft*, the impul-
sion of any stamp oi die which shall have been provided.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the ninety-
thiid section by insei tmgr after the word ''act,"
in the third line, the words "except as herein-
after provided for in section one hundred and one
of this act;" so that the clause shall read:
That in any and all ea--e-' wheje an adhesive stamp shall
be u.-ed io- denotni'Z any duty impo-ed by tins act, except
as hricniaitin piovided ioi i.i - eonon one bundled end one
of thi>net, the, poison UMinj oi afimii'! the rainc, shall wlite
thereupon the initial letiu- of his name, See.
Tno amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I move to amend the section,
m tlio tenth line, by inserting after the word
"stamp," the woids, "except as before men-
tioned;" so as to adapt this part of the section to
the amendment just adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. i move to add the following
as a proviso to the ninety-third section:
Pi o ruled nevertheless. That any manufaetuiei oi manu-
faetuiei sot propi letaiv amcie-, Oi article* Mibp-ct to stamp
d i\ nniici M-heduln i) of this act, shall have the pi iVilege
or tuiiii-hmg w.thour expense to the United State-., in -.un-
able toi ui, to be appioved by the Connrii—mnei or I ntei nal
Kevenu \ Ins oi then own die< oi des-i'Zii!*' tor t!ie ^ramp {o
be Used theieon,to be retained in the po^-e^ion <>t the (Jom-
uu-^ionei o? I titcmal Revenue, toi bin oi then ,-epaute u-e ;
th «t in all e<i e-> whei e such --tamp i - u>< d. he road of hi-
oi their \vi it inch or their initial- the) eon, said -tamp .-hall
be -o atlixed to tin-1 box, bottle, oi package that at opening
the \ini.'. oi u-ing the content- then or.-."an! stamp -shah be
elb'^tually deployed, and any dctault thei < oi -b Ui h" liable
to the same penalty imposed tor liegieet to.ithx said -tamp ,
as iH'ieini>t',ore pioVidcd ill thisaet: any pm-on sin ring, oi
couiiti't letting, or eau-iiig or pioeunng the inming oi ( <mn-
• ton'emngol <i:iy rppifsentation. Iikenes-,manhtilde oi eol-
oiable imitation oi said last mentioned -tamp, oi -eliuiTthn
sam< , or who. buiusi a meiciiant, biokei. pedutei. oi p-i -on
dealing in whole, 01 in part, in si'miat good-, wai.>^, niei-
cbandi.-e. manufacture?-, oi aiticle-. or tno-e designed Ioi
snnilai objects oi purpo-e-, *hali have in hi-*, liei, ot then
po-se.'-ien .my-ueh lepicscntanon, likeness, sini'lxtmle,
or colorable irrrtation off ho ^nid la-t mentioned - tamp, -.hall
be deemed «uilty ot' a im-d'-meaiioi, and upon couviet'on
theieot, -hall he subject to ail the penalties, tine-, and lor-
feituied pie&eiibod in section ninety-two of tins act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I move to insert before the
word " make," in the eighth line, the word
" fraudulently;" so that the clause will read:
And if any person shall fraudulently make use of an ad-
hesive stamp to denote any dutv imposed by this act with-
out so effectually cancchng and obliterating such stamp,
he, she, or they'shall forfeit the sum of fifty dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read section ninety-four, as follows:
Sec. 94. And be it further enacted, That if any person
or persons sliall make, sign, or bs-ue, or cause to be made,
signed, or iv-ued, or shall aecept or pay, or cause to be ac-
cepted or paid, any hill of exchange, draft or order, orprom-
Nsoiy note for the payment of inonov, liable to any of the
duties imposed by this act, without the same being duly
stamped, oi having thereupon an adhce-ivc stamp fordenot-
in*i the duty hereby charged thereon, he, she, or they shall,
ioi eveiy such bill, draft, older, or note, forfeit the s>um of
$200.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. It seems to me that that
section needs amendment. I move to insert after
the word " paid," in the fourth line, the words
" with design to evade the payment of any stamp
duty." It seems to mc that it would be very
unjust to impose this heavy penalty on a person
who might never have read the statute or known
of its existence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. f move to insert in the fourth
line, after the word "exchange," the word
" check;" so that it will read:
That if any person or persons shall make, sign, or issue,
or caused to be made, signed, or iH-ued, or --hall accept or
pay, or cause to be accepted oi paid, with design to evade
the payment of any stamp duty, any bill ot exchange,
check, draft or older, or pjomhsory note ior the pi) men tot'
money, liable to any of the duties imposed by this act, ke.
Mr, SHEFFIELD. 1 am opposed to that
amendment, for the reason that I hope the House
will not impose a stamp duty upon bank cheeks.
The effect of any such duty would be to destroy
completely the deposit interest in the banks. The
people will not deposit their money, but will keep
it m their safes, to avoid the payment of the stamp
duty. It seems to me that, as you tax the income
of the banks, you ought not to impose a tax upon
checks. It woull embarrass the business of the
country very much; and 1 am surprised that gen-
tlemen, so familiar with business as some of the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
arc, should attempt to impose upon the country
any such system.
The amendment was ^ejected—ayes twelve,
noes nofcounted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the ninety-
fifth section by sinking out after the word " for"
in the seventh line the words " promissory notes
or inland," o that it will read:
That the acceptor or aeceptois of any bill of exchange or
otder for the p'^ men! of any -ami of money drawn, ot pur-
posing to be diau n, in anv ioieign country, but payable m
the United shall, betore paying or accepting the
s.iinc, place thereupon a stamp, indicating the duty upon
the same, as the law requnes ior bills of exchange, &c.
The amendment was Agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the ninety-
sixth section by adding to it the following:
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue may finm time
to time make iegu|atiom>loi allowances tor such of tiie
stamps r-^ued nudei the piove-ion-j or fhi • act as may have
been spod< d or iciubned u-ole—oi unfit for the puipo?c
intended, oi for which the owner any have no use, oi which
through mistake may have been improperly or unnecessa-
rily used.oi where the iates of dunes lepiesetited tnereby
have been pud m eiroroi iemitted, and-neb allowance
thai! be made either by giving other stamps in lieu of the
stamp-? so allowed loi, or by repawns theamounf oi value,
atiei deducting thej,-,'rom, in ca-e of repayment, the aum
of jive per cent, to the owner thereof.
Mr IIICKMAN I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. IIortox] that! seeno^uard
Ikm e against the second use of one of these stamps.
We know that m the Post Office Department they
require a stump which has been once used to be
obliterated or marked. These stamps,as they are
to be adhesive, will be vety easily removed, and
will be used a second time. You have, to be sure,
imposed a penalty upon the fraudulent use of one
of these stamps, but you must fit^t catch the rogue
before you punish him I suggest, therefore, that
ei the r i n t h is sect ton or m some other section there
should be a provision that when a stamp has once
been used it shall h,ave a mark upon it of obliter-
ate n.
Mr. TIOR.TON. The object suggested by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is accomplished by
a specific direction that the stamps shall be writ-
ten upon and obliterated in the same way pre-
cisely as postage stamps are.
Mr. HICKMAN". Is that provision applicable
to all cases ? Take, for instance, the case of a per- '
son who cannot, write.
Mr. MORTON; - You will find that it is, pro-
vided in the ninety-third section that he shall
write his initials upon the stamp "or otherwise
deface the same." I suppose a mdrk across it
would do as well. : -
The amendment was agreed,to. - :
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the'sec-
tion by inserting before the word "five," in th©
tenth line, the words " not exceeding;" so that it
shall read:  
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue be. andis
hereby, authoi i zed to sell and supply collectors, deputy col-
lector.-, postmasters, .-tationers, or any other p'er&ons, at his
d^cretion, with adhesive stamps or stamped paper, velJmn,
or parchment, as herein provided tor, upon the payment, at
the tune of delivery, of Uie'amount of duties said stamps,
stamped paper, vellum, oi paichment, *o sold or supplied,
represent, and may thereupon allow and deduct from the
aggregate amount of such stamps, as aforesaid, the bum of
not exceeding five pet cent, as commisalon to the collect-
or, postmaster■<, stationers, or othur purchasers, 8cc.
It seems to me that five per cent, is too large a
commission, as I suppose some of these dealer#
will make very large sales.
Mr. HORTON. I-see no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to strikeout
"five" and insert "three," so as to make the
commission " not exceeding three per cent." It
seems to me that five per cent, is too much, and
I would not allow a discretion to pay that much.
In our State, as my colleague knows, that is the
highest percentage that attorneys charge for the
responsibility of collecting, and it is graduated
down lower. It seems to me, inasmuch as there
is very little responsibility and very little trouble
about this matter, that three per cent, would be a
liberal allowance.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN". I desire, although it is per-
haps not btnetly m order, to call the attention of
the committee, and patticularly of the gentleman
from Ohio, [M i. Horton,] to the ninety-third sec-
tion of this bill, and I think he will discover that
there is a radical defect in the framing of that sec-
tion. It does not obviate the difficulty which I
suggested a moment ago. It requires the person
using a stamp to write across it his initials, or in
some way to obliterate the stamp to show that it
has'been used; but it will be seen at once thaithe
person having used the stamp once and written
his initials across it, may, by removing the stamp,
use it a second time just as if it had not been writ-
ten across at all. There is really no guard against
the use of a stamp for anynumberof times by the
same individual. The stamp is affixed to the
paper which I use. I put on the edge of it the
initials J. H. After it has served my purpose,
I remove the stamp and use it on another paper.
One stamp is all that 1 require for the same char'
acter of paper. I think that in that particular the
committee has not guarded against fraud. You
cah punish after detection, but the greatdifRculty
is to defect the frauds.
Mr. HORTON. 1 would be obliged to the gen-
tleman liom Pennsylvania to suggest the remedy
Mr. HICKMAN. My suggestion is, that it
requires an entirely different section from the
ninety-thud m order to prevent frauds of the kind
referred to. It requires a new section of an en-
tirely different phraseology. 1 would suggest that
the date of the use of the stamp should be put on
i the stamp indelibly, so as to show the precise
time at which the stamp was first used. It is not
likely that 1 could use the same stamp twice on
the same day. It would be, perhaps, impracti-
' cable to do so. There should be some way to
designate the particular paper on which it was
used. Unless that be done, it is my impression
that frauds will be innumerable, and thai punish-
ment for these frauds will bo impossible.
Mr HORTON. Well, the Committee of Ways
and Means will consider the matter, and I pre-
sume this committee will permit us to do so.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word " five," in the thirteenth line,
and inserting in lieu thereof the word "the;" so
that it will read:
Dut the co^t of any papa, vellum, or parchment shall
be addi d to the amount, after deducting the allowance of
the per cent., as aloiesaid.
The amendment was adopted.
