THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
, Mr. HORTON. I move to amerfd the ninety-
eighth section by striking" outthe words"dehvei
to any person," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "receive from any person and transmit to
any person.5'
The amendment was adopted.*
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend in the fourth
line by striking out the words "first affixing
thereto."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr, HORTON. I move to amend in the fifth
line by inserting after the word " act," the worrts
" being affixed to a copy thereof."
- The amendment was adopted.
The section, as amended by the three preceding
amendments, reads as follows:
Sec. 98 J3ncI be it further euactcd, That on and after the
date on which this act Miall take effect, 110 telegiaph com-
pany or its agent or employe shall receive lVotn any person
and transmit to any person any dispatch or message with-
out an adhesive stamp, denoting the duty imposed by this
•act being affixed to a copy thcieof, or having the same
stamped ihcieupon, and in default thcieof shall incur a pen-
alty often dollar*.
•Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of the section^the following proviso:
Provided, That only one stamp shall be icquired when
sent thvough one or more companies.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the ninety-
ninth section by striking out the words " deliver
to any person, or deliver at any place for any
person, any bale, bundle, box, or package of any
description, without affixing thereto an adhesive
stamp or label denoting the duty imposed by this
act, and in default thereof shall incur a penalty of
ten dollars," and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
Receive for transportation from any person any bale, bun-
dle, box, 01 package 01 any descnpuou, without dehvet in:;
to the consignor tlieieot a printed leeeipt, havtuy stamped
or afiixed thereon a stamp denoting tile duty imposed by
this act, and m default thereat shall incur a penalty oE ten
dollars: Provided, That but one stamped receipt shall be
required for one shipment Iroiti one p.uly to .morhet patty
at the same time, when such shipment corisisw of one or
moie packages: Jlnd. 'provided alio, That no stamped 10-
eeipt shall be required for any bah', bundle, box, or pack-
age transported for the Government, or for anv bale, bundle,
box, or package tiansportcd by said companies without
charge thereon.
So that it will lead:
Sec. 99. Jin d he it further enacted, That on and after the
date on which ill is act shall take effect, no express com-
pany oi its agent or employe slialt receive for transporta-
tion, &c.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the one hun-
dred and first section by striking out in the second
lino the words " date on which this act shall take
effect," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" 1st day of May, 1862."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I rnove to amend in the third
line by striking out the words " utter or vend,"
and inserting m lieu thereof the words " make,
prepare, and sell, or remove for consumption and
sale."
M>. McKNIGHT. I desire to understand tlnit
a little further. Would the amendment proposed
by thegentleman impose the tax on articles already
made, whenever they are removed for consump-
tion or sale? Is that the intention of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means?
Mr. HORTON. The object is to exempt from
taxation the articles already gone into market,
and to tax the articles that are already made but
have not entered into consumption.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend, by insert-
ing in the fifth line the words " including perfum-
ery, cosmetics, and playing cards."
The amendment was adopted.
The section, as amended by the preceding
amendments, reads:
sSec. 101. Jindbcitfurtherenacted, That on and aftei the
1st day .of May, 1862, no person or persons., fit ins, compa-
nies, or corporation^, shall make, piopaie, and sell, or ic-
move for consumption and sale, drug?, lnedit me-;, prepara-
tions, compositions, articles, or things, including perfumeiy.
cosmetics, and playing cards, upon which a duty is imposed
by this act, aa enumerated and mentioned in schedule U,
without affixing thereto an adhesive stamp or label denot-
ing the duty bcfoie mentioned, and in default thereof shall
incur a penalty often dollars.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the onehun-
drcd and first section, by striking out the proviso,
as follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall apply to
any medicinal drug sold entire and without inixllire or com-
position with any other drug, fluid, essence, spirit, or other
form or denomination of medicine or drug, noi to medicines
compounded according to the forms jnescribed in the Uni-
ted States Pharmacopoeia, Wood &. Baehe's Dispensatory,
or any homoeopathic or other professional textbooks now
in use of like character, and not sold, offered for sale, or
advertised under any other name, form, or guise, than that
under which they may be severally denominated and laid
down in haid phaimacopeeias and dispensatories and text
book?, as afou^aid, nor to medicine-? sold to or for the use
ofany per&ou which may bo mixed and compounded accord-
ing to the written leeipe or piescnption of any physician or
sui^eon piaeticius his profession in the vicinity where such
medic me. so presenbed, shall be compounded and sold, and
specially tor &uch peison prescribing said medicine.
A.nd inserting in lieu thereof, as follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall apply to
any uncompotinded medicinal drug or chemical, nor to any
medicine compounded according to the United States or
other national pharmacopceia, nor of which the full and
proper formula ik published in either of the dispensatories,
tormulaiies, or text booics m common use amoujr physi-
cians and apothecaries, including homoeopathic and eclec-
tic, or in any pharmaceutical journal now issued by any in-
coipoiatcd eolie<rc of pharmacy, and not sold or offered tor
sale, or adveitNed nnder any other name, foim, or guise,
than that under winch they may bo severally denominated
and laid down in said phaimacopceias, dispen^atoiies, text
books, or jomnaK a  aforesaid, nor to medicines sold to or
for the use of any person which may be mixed and com-
pounded specially toi ?.aid peison, accouhng to the wntten
recipe or piescnption of any physician or surgeon.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKXJNG I desire to know
whether it is the intention of the amendment to
exempt patent medicines or to diminish the im-
posts laid on them ?
Mr. HORTON. It does not exempt patent
medicines; but it does diminish the tax on them,
it exempts such patent medicincs as have already
(roue into market for consumption.
' Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man fiom Ohio he good enough to explain how
it diminishes the tax on patent medicines?
Mr. HORTON. This amendment does not,
but a subsequent part ot the bill does.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLINGr. Well, as the
gentleman is up, I desire to know the fact at this
time.
Mr. HORTON. I will explain it when wc
come to it.
Mr. SlIELLABARGER. If I understand cor-
rectly the substitute proviso, it exempts from tax-
ation only that class of prescriptions which are
now to be found in medical books. It seems to
me that if that is the effect of the amendment, it
ought nof io be so.
Mr. HORTON. It has not been decided pre-
cisely in (iiat form by the Committee of Ways
and Means; but if the prescriptions are found,
either now or at any time during the operation of
this law, in the books referred to, they will be
exempted. That is my understanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRiVIN moved to amend by inserting the
word *• manufactured " after the word " commod-
ity" wheie it first occurs m the following section:
tii-.C. 103. jSlnd be it further enacted, That every maker oi
mamilaetmei of anv of the articles or commodities men-
tioned in schedule 0, as aforesaid, who shall sell, scud
out, j-eimne, oi delivei any article or commodity, a^atoi e-
teanl. befoic the dutylhcieon fhall have been fully paid,b>
affiviiu* theieon the piopoi btamp, a* m this act piovided,
or who' t-liall hide or conceal, or cau-e to be hidden oi con-
cealed, oi who shall remove oi eonvcy uw<i> or deposit, or
cau^c to be removed oj coiivejed away fiom or deposited
in any place, any Mich article or commodity, to evade the
duty oh.uge.dih'theieon, oi any pait thereof, shall be sub-
ject to a penally of $100, together with the forfeiture of any
such aitielo oi commodity.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the section
further, by adding at the end of it, as follows:
F'rouulcJy That medicines, p>*epaiation<=, compositions,
pcrfumerv, and cosmetics, upon winch .stamp duties aie
required "by this act, may, when intended tor exposition,
be manufactuied, sold, or removed without having stamps
I affixed thereto and without heing charged with duty, as
| uforesaid ; audeveiy manufaciuier or maker of any aiticle,
1 as aforesaid, intended foi cxpoitation,shall give r-uchbonds
! and bo Mibjert to such lules and regulations to protect the
i revenue against iiaud as may from time to time be pre-
| fciibed }>y "the Societal y of the Treasury.
I The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 move to amend by adding
at the end of section one hundicd and four as fol-
lows:
Sao. 105. And he it farther enaet'ed, That after the 1st
dav of Julv next, no hank or banking ni-utnaon 01 ivr-on
ae'tins as baukci'in the United States, tliall issue 01 reisme
or pay osil, or cause to be iH.-ued or reissued or paid out, any
bill or promise to pav, unless lite same be duly stamped to
indicate the duty imposed on the same l>y tins law, as per
schedule li, under a penalty of fifty dollars.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which has been
offered will test the sense of the committee in re-
gard to the question as to whether they will lay
a stamp duty upon bank notes. The amendment,
it will be observed, does not fix the rate of duty
at all. That, if the amendment be adopted, will
be added in the schedule which immediately fol-
lows. I now present the simple question as to
whether it is the sense of this committee that these
bank notes shall pay any stamp duty at all. If
the amendment which I have presented shall be
adopted, it will then-fee for the House to insert in
the schedule the rate of stamp duty to be affixed
to these bank notes. I believe that there is 110
subject of taxation more proper to be rendered
available for the revenue of the Government than
those associations of capital which derive their
income from the circulation of these promises to
pay. .
If the effect of the amendment shall be to dimm-
ish the circulation of bank notes, and, to that ex-
tent, introduce into more general circulation the
Treasury notes of the Government which have
been authorized by Congress, I think a great good
will be accomplished.
We all know that under all the systems of bank-
ing which have been in operation in the different
States of the Union, very great losses have oc-
curred to the people in consequence of the failure
of the various banks to redeem their promises to
pay; and if, m the place of such a currency, the
people should take Treasury notes, having the
responsibility of the Government, they will be
liee fiom any liability of that character. The
Government is responsible, and will continue re-
sponsible, because they represent the aggregate
wealth of the country.
It was icpryscnted, when this proposition was
introduced in another shape on a former day in
the sitting of this committee, that the effect would
be to discriminate in favor of Treasury notes and
against bank bills. So far from that being an
objection to the amendment, in my judgment it
is a very strong reason in its favor. It will be
obseived that the amendment does not propose to
go into operation until the 1st day of July next.
It provides that all bank notes issued subsequent
to that day shall have stamps affixed to them, and
that all banking institutions which, after that day,
shall issue bank notes without compliance with
this requirement, shall be sTibject to a penalty for
their delinquency.
1 hope, therefore, for these reasons, and many
others that could be urged, that this amendment
will receive the favoiable consideration of the
committee.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
The committee informally rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message from the Sen-
ate was received by Mr. Forney, their Secretary,
notifying the House that the Senate have passed
a joint resolution of the House (No. 48) declar-
ing that Congress ought to cooperate with, afford-
ing pecuniary aid to, any State which may adopt
the gradual abolishment of slavery, with an amend-
ment to the title of the said joint resolution; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX 13 ILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I trust that the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois will not prevail. If
I understand it correctly, every time a note is is-
sued there is to be a stump attached to it in some
way or other, and then when ite.omes back ill the
morning, to be reissued in the afternoon, it must
have another stamp attached to it.
Mr. ARNOLD. My friend from Pennsylvania
misunderstands the amendment in thatparticulai.
The design is that there shall be but one stamp
affixed to one note. When it has been once
stamped, itmay be reissued as many times as the
bank may please.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman intends to
make banks of issue pay a tax upon their circu-
lation, he has adopted a very poor proposition to
accomplish that purpose; for, of course, after the
banks have once put a set of notes in circulation
there will be no new issues.
