1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H:
But, sir, I think that banks and their customers
are sufficiently heavily taxed under this bill as it
stands. In the first place, we tax very heavily
the paper from which the bank notes are made.
In the next place, we lay a tax upon their divi-
dends, and not only upon their dividendsactually
paid out, but we have provided for taxing all that
is carried to their reserve fund beyond a certain
amount, which will reach a very large class of
the banks of the country which save an excess
beyoiid their dividends. Then, we tax their cus-
tomers, which is the same thing as taxing them.
Wo tax every check which is drawn upon these
banks upon which they pay out a dollar of money.
We tax every bill of exchange which passes the
bank; we tax the banks upon everything con-
nected with their business that can possibly be
taxed, and I think we tax them very liberally.
Now, if gentlemen want to tax bank notes, it
will be better to wait until wo have established a
national bank, which is probably in their contem-
plation, and then tax these notes by way of pro-
hibition, I can see no other reason for it. As a
revenue measure, wo have already raxed the cap-
ital of bunks to about the extent which they will
bear. As I have said, we tax their capital, we
tax their dividends, we tax their income, we tax
every instrument of theirs, every bank note that
is presented to them for discount. We tax eveiy
check; and the paper upon which their notes are
issued is taxed much higher than any other paper.
As a levenue measure, therefoie, I ask the gen-
tleman how much he will derive from the banks
if ho undertakes in addition to put such a tax upon
their circulation as will prohibit their issue of notes
altogether? I have no doubt the result would be
an influx of Canadian bank notes. I hope the
gentleman will at least insert a provision that his
amendment shall not take effect until after the ex-
iration of the reciprocity treaty. [Laughter.]
He, at least, should wait until we can exclude
Canadian notes, or we shall have nothing bntfoi-
eign bank paper in circulation. Pet Imps it may
bo consideied that these wild-cat notes are foreign
notes. In that ease, it would be well to tax thorn
a little higher. But in the middle and eastern
States it has been a long time since much has been
lost upon banks or their circulation. 1 think,
therefore, as they are a great department of busi-
ness and a great instrument for the promotion of
commerce, manufacturing, and every other branch
of business, they are sufficiently burdened in the
bill; and ought nut to be further taxed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EDWARDS moved to amend by adding
a proviso that the banks be authorized to charge
to every person who delivers their notes the cost
of the stamps.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. Arnold's amendment was rejected; there
being, on a division—ayes eleven, noes not
counted.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. What was the
affirmative vote?
The CHAIRMAN. Eleven.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. Well, sir, I am one
of the eleven, nod that was just the number of the
apostles after Judas " seceded."
The Clerk read, as follows:
liiil of exchange, (uilnmt )—Promissory note, check,
' duitt, oi oidei toil lie payment of any bum of money ciiawu
upon any bank, li list cemiKUiy, or any person oi peiMie.s,
companies oi cnipoi&Oon^, at fclght ot on demand, two
cents
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to strike out the
word "check," and when that is stricken out, I
will move to strike out the words "or order."
Mr. Chairman, 1 desire the attention of the com-
mittee while I endeavor to support tlie motion
which I have made. The poor people in New
England—those who are engaged m the_ manu-
facturing establishments and who otherwise gain
their livelihood by their labor—are in the habit ot
depositing money in the dilFcicnt swings banks.
It is known that they cannot deposit more than
§500 in any one institution. Tho proposition now
is to tax the orders which they make in orrh-r to
draw out their hard earnings from thoyi- charita-
ble institutions. It seems to me thot this is indeed
wringing away the hard earnings of the poor, and
that it is exceedingly unjust. 1 om surprised that
the Committee of Ways and Means would under-
take still further to tax this class, it is, no doubt,
the wishW the larger banking institutions that
this system should be adopted, for it will give
them a monopoly, and crush out the ordinary
banking institutions of the country. I cannot see
any other reason for the paragraph of the bill. I
do not say that that is the object of the committee;
but I have no doubt that it was the object o£ the
banks which suggested the provision to them. If
it be adopted, you will destroy the whole system
of making deposits in savings banks and like in-
stitutions, which is of great advantage to the busi-
ness community and to the depositors themselves..
You will make it so expensive that the system
will have to be discontinued, and then every man
will deposit his money in his own safe. It is a
matter of individual convenience and safety, and
the question is whether we will deprive the poor
people of this privilege, by imposing this tax?
But there is still another objection to this pro-
vision of the Committee of Ways and Means. A
great many of the poor people at work in the man-
ufacturing establishments give the grocer and
others orders upon their employers, in order to
secure them for the advances during the month
for the support of* their families. This bill pro-
poses a tax upon those orders. I am surprised
that such a measure should be reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means at this time.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold]
seems to be terribly exercised about these bank-
ing institutions. It seems to me that his appre-
hensions are without foundation. He proposes
to discriminate against them. The Committee of
Ways and Means have already taxed them heav-
ily. They are taxed upon their dividends, and
those who receive the dividends are taxed upon
their incomes. You have already imposed upon
banking institutions almost every disability that
you can impose on them. You impose a great
disability upon them by the legal tender note bill,
which will dnvc a large poition of their circula-
tion from the market. And now you undertake
to depuvo them of their deposits. It is unjust,
and it will ruiif their business.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 did not think that this two-
cent tax would be taken so much to heart by the
gentleman from Rhode Island. Now, I do not see
how it is going to alfect the poor. It is the man
who makes the deposit who draws the check. It
is the man who has the money and not the poor
man who will have to pay this small tax.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The poor of New Eng-
land are in the habit of depositing their earnings
m savings banks where they eannol have mo re than
$500 ai one time, and this provision taxes them
upon their orders for small sums. Then it taxes
the orders which they give upon their employers.
Mr. STEVENS. Those orders are not taxed
under this bill. In those cases the workmen create
debts, and give a lien upon their pay as security.
It seems to me that this tax will be paid prin-
cipally by those who have large amounts on de-
posit in the banks, and draw checks every day
for hundreds and thousands of dollars. The great
income from this source of Inxation will be derived
from the large capitalists of the country; and this
two-cent tax will be hardly felt by the small insti-
tutions of the country. I do not think that it will
lessen the amount of deposits in any of the banks
one dollar. I do not suppose that the great cap-
italists of the country will keep thcii money about
them or in their houses, in oidei to save this small
uvo-ceiii tax. While it will yield a large amount
of revenue to tho country in this time ot distress,
it will not distress any interest or class 111 tile
country. It will be paid by those who can afford
to pay it.
Mr. DIVEN. I move to insert, " except
cheeks drawn on banks of deposit." Mr. Chair-
man, I merely want to say that unless this or some
such amendment be adopted to this clause it will
change the entire method of business men keep-
ing then money and transacting their financial
business. Every storekeeper now keeps his bank
acenunt, and pays out his cheeks for Ave, six, or
ten dollais. Now, if they ate charged a tax upon
every one of their checks, they will run the risk of
1 keeping their money 111 their safes instead ofkeep-
| ing it at the banks. My amendment will relieve
I those who keep small bank accounts.
I Mr. ENGLISH. I submit to the committee
1 that if tilts tax be reduced to one cent, the G-ov-
! ernment will receive more revenue than by letting
; it remain at two cents, and I therefore move, to
reduce it to one'cent. It will have the result to
induce the small storekeepers to .keep their ac-
counts in the banks. So high a tax would make
them withdraw their deposits from the banks.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Connecticut is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Diven's amend-
ment to the amendm®t; and on a division, there
were—ayes 41, noes j4.
Mr. DIVEN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noell and
Diven were appointed.
Mr. STEVENS. We withdraw objection to the
amendmentto theamendment. Let it be adopted,
and then we can vote the whole thing down.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by inserting
the word " bank" before the word "check;" so
that it will reads bank check, draft," &c. The
object of my amendment is to call the attention
of the committee to the slight extent to which
any individual will be incommoded by this tax of
two cents on checks. Parties who draw checks
are generally people in business. They have a
check book, consisting of two or three quires,
containing fifty pages, with four or five checks to
each page, upon which book, sufficient to last for
six months, the tax would be about ten dollars. I
suppose a house doing a large business would pay
a tax of about that amount in six months. I do
not think that many houses engaged in business
would be deterred fronvpaying this, and I do not
see how it is going to affect poor men.'
Mr. DIVEN. I would like to dslc the gentle-
man how it would affect the builder, foripstance,
who pays off his laborers every night by checks
upon his bank?
Mr. HOOPER. It would not amount to any-
thing that would be perceptible. In reference to
checks upon savings banks, they will not be drawn
more than once or twice a year. Checks are used
generally by houses engaged in commerce and
manufactures. They are not used by poor people.
I hope the word "check" will not be stricken
out, because I think a large amount would be re-
ceived from this source, and without any incon-
venience to anybody.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 do not know
exactly how these amendments stand; bull pre-
sume my remarks will be in opposition to them.
I am in favor of the bill as it stands, if it goes
against bank checks and everything else which
relates to these banking operations.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to state one fact to
the committee. I understand that statistics have
been taken showing that twenty-eight millions of
checks are drawn each year in the loyal States.
Of course, very few of these are upon savings
banks. A tax of two cents cach upon that amount
would yield $360,000 revenue yearly. Now, I
leave it to the committee whether they will strike
out this provision.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suppose there
is some kind of necessity for this practice which
has grown up of depositing money every night in
the hands of some one other than the man who
owns this money. The only reason for that is
that we have so poor a set of banks that no poor
man feels able to run the risk of keeping their bills
for fear of their failing before the rising of the
morning sun. For that reason lie puts his money
into his neighbor's hands, and thereby puts the
responsibility upon him. Now, if we could per-
suade men to keep the money in their own p'ockets
twenty-four hours, there would be 110 kind of ne-
cessity for fostering and keeping alive this army
of little leeches that are sucking the life blood, in
small quantities, out of the laboring people of this
country.
If there is, however, a necessity, in the busi-
ness economy of the country, to have them, then
I suppose we should tax the banking institutions,
these broker shops, these huckstering banks,
which induce their neighbors todeposit with them
over night. It would not he a large tax, and I do
not believe these institutions would bo able to
collect the taxoutof thoscwho make the deposits.
The practice is, to deposit with a broker or banker
over night, and they induce the deposits thus
made by making the depositors believe, upon
some sort of pretext, that the money is more safe
with them than 111 their own hands. What is the
result? The result is that little men, without
! money, start a concern and induce their neigh-
bors to deposit with them, and upon those dc-
