1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. ETHEittDGEjits Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
A bill (No. 186) to amend an act entitled " An
act to*reguIate trade and intercourse with the In-
dian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers,"
approved June 30, 1834.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution, which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 99) providing for the protection
of overland emigrants to California, Oregon, and
Washington Territory;
A bill (S. No. 107) authorizing an increase in
the clerical force of the War and Navy Depart-
ments; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 35) for payment of
the expenses of the joint committee of Congress
appointed to inquire into the conduct of the war.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
150) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending 30th June, 1862,
and that it had agreed to other amendments of the
Senate, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the bill and
amendments were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 186) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate trade and intercourse with the In-
dian tribes, and to preserve pcace on the fron-
tiers," approved June 30, 1834, Was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
BILL BECOME LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolav, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on the
25th instant a joint resolution (S. No. 34) author-
izing certain officers of the Navy to accept pres-
ents offered by the Japanese Government.
COLLECTION OF WAR STATISTICS.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 37) for the collection of war statistics; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the present consider-
ation of the joint resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
resolution. In order to develop, concentrate, and
bring into effective action the mechanical and other
resources of the United States for the suppression
of the rebellion and the future defense of this Gov-
ernment, it propose?to require the Superintendent
of the Census to do and perform such things, under
the direction of the Secretary of War, for the col-
lection of war statistics as, in the judgment of the
Secretary, may be right and proper for the pur-
pose.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that there is any
occasion for my explaining this resolution; but I
understand there is a vast amount of information
in the Census Bureau that the War Department
wish to avail themselves of. For instance, on a
certain emergency that I will not now name, it
becamc necessary that quite a number of large
mortars should be provided for the Government;
and on looking about, I am told it took two or
three days to find where those founderies which
could make those instruments were located; and
so of other things that they want to produce for
the war. Information about all these things is
scattered through the Census Bureau; and it will
be easy, therefore, for clerks to make tables of
them, so that the War Department, at one view,
can see exactly wheze all these founderies, me-
chanical shops, &c., that they want to resort to.
are located; where they can find places for obtain*
ing these things that from time to time they want.
I was requested to bring this joint resolution be-
fore the Senate and have it acted on at once. I
see no objection to it, and I presume there is none.
I hope it will pass at once.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio if the Secretary of War is now
unable to procure from the Census Bureau the in-
formation which he says is so desirable ? I know
the Superintendent of the Census Bureau has been
perfectly willing to furnish to me information
touching such interests as I had in charge, some
of which occupied some of his clerks a consider-
able length of time; and I certainly had not as
strong claims on his immediate attention and con-
sideration as the Secretary of War. The objec-
tion to this joint resolution is, that it, in effect,
changes our present laws, and puts the Superin-
tendent of the Census Bureau virtually under the
control of the Secretary of War. I am opposed
to that. I can see gradually every day a little
more inclination, a little more advance toward
putting this thing and that thing, this bureau and
that bureau, this officer and that officer, under the
control of the War Department. It is that I object
to. It is against that, Mr. President, that I warn
the Senate and the country.
Mr. WADE. It appears to me that this reso-
lution is not subject to ahy such grave objections
as the Senator has alluded to. It simply asks
Congress to give the Secretary of War leave to
do that which the Senator thinks he has a right
to call on the superintendent to do without any
law. That is all. Certainly it will not add to his
authority, or usurpation, to do it by our consent,
more than it would to do it without our consent.
There can be no objection to it. Undoubtedly the
Secretary of War does not wish to do anything
that is of doubtful authority; and it is consid6r-
able work to make out the tables that it will be
convenient for him to consult from time to time,
so much so that it has been thought best that the
sanction of Congress should be had. If any man
believes that there is anything dangerous in it, or
any usurpation of authority, let him vote accord-
ingly. I can see not the shadow or ghost of such
objection about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the res-
olution read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will again be
read.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is placing the Super-
intendent of the Census under the War Depart-
ment; it is now a bureau in the Interior Depart-
ment. Surely there is such a harmony of feeling
between the different Departments of this Govern-
ment that any information in one which is wanted
by the other can be obtained without changing
the bureaus.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Strike out "required"
and insert u authorized." That will obviate the
objection, I think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to that.
I think he is authorized now; but perhaps it would
be better to say so, and that would obviate the
objection which I make, that the resolution places
this bureau really under the War Department.
I move to strike out the word required" and
insert the word <e authorised." I think he is
authorized to do it, now.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire if all these Depart-
ments and all those bureaus are not under the
charge of the President. If such information as
is specified by the Senator from Ohio is desirable
to the War Department, cannot the Secretary of
War procure an order from the President of the
United States, directing the Superintendent of the
Census Bureau to furnish that information? Can-
not he direct him to employ every cleik that he
has in his bureau upon that specific duty, and
upon no otheruntil it is performed? lie can. He
is entirely under the control of the President, and
the President can direct the Secretary.
Mr.FESSENDEN. ThePresidentcanremove
him if he does not do it.
Mr. WADE. Let us have a vote on it. That
is all I ask.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in; and the joint resolution was ordered to be en*
grossed for a third reading,
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senate will give us
the yeas and nays on the passage of tKe bill, I
am not disposed to put this bureau under the
charge of the Secretary of War.
Mr. WADE. It is open to no such objection
as that it draws to the Secretary of War all- that
belongs to the Interior Department, All it does
is to place in order that information which now
exists in the Census Bureau, in such convenient
tables as will enable the Secretary of War, and
all others connected with the War Department, to
find out where certain things that are necessary
to be done can be done. It is now v<iry difficult to
do this, as the information is scattered all over the
census tables. Of course they can be looked up
by the Secretary of War now, if he sees fit to#do
so; but the object is to have them made out in
such form as he thinks convenient, and he wants
the right to prescribe in what form it will be con-
venient to make out the tables, and I do not think
there is any very grave objection to it. Still, if
there is a disposition here to withhold this right
from the Secretary of War, as gentlemen seem to
indicate, let them vote accordingly. I am not very
tenacious about it. I think it is convenient that
the Secretary of War should have this right and
have these £p.blus made; and I know that there
has been some difficulty which might be removed
by this resolution. It will be convenient for him;
but he will get along without it, if you have a
mind to throw obstacles in his way.
Mr. SUMNER. If we were not now engaged
in war, 1 should not think of voting for this res-
olution, and I presume my friend from Ohio would
not think of offering it.
Mr. WADE. It is only a war measure.
Mr. SUMNER. Hesaysitisonly a war meas-
ure. I regard it as such. I have been in the habit,
for the last month or six weeks, of receiving letters
almost daily, calling my attention to certain sta--
tietics gathered by the recent census, bearing di-
rectly on our military operations. I have been
asked whether I could not in some way furnish
these statistics to my correspondents. Of course,
I have but one reply: " It is not in my power to
furnish the statistics, because the report of the
census has not yet been published," and we all
know that it is so large and so expensive a docu-
ment that it must be months, if not more than
months, before we can expect to see it. Shall
these statistics then be, as it were, indefinitely
postponed? Shall they not be brought right into
operation just as soon as they can ? I think they
ought to be. I am thankful to my friend from
Oluo for having brought forward this resolution,
because it seems to me it is going to introduce one
new agency by which we can be aided in carrying
on this war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see any occasion
for difficulty about this matter, and I think-it is
easy to accomplish the wishes of all gentlemen in
regard to it. 1 understand the honorable Senator
from Ohio to ask simply that we give our assent
to the furnishing of these statistics by the Super-
intendent of the Census Bureau. I see no objec-
tion to that—not the slightest; on the contrary, I
think, if the Secretary of War wantst hem, there
is great propriety m having them furnished at
once. We arc not, I suppose, to take it for granted
that the Superintendent of the Census Bureau has
the slightest objection to that, but are to presume
that he would do it at once if he thought he was
authorized to do it. I agree with what has been
said by the Senator from Massachusetts as to the
great importance at this particular time of the
War Department being furnished with what it
needs. The whole object may be accomplished
by making another amendment, 30 that the leso-
lution shall read that the Superintendent of the
Census " be authorized to furnish the Secretary of
War with such war statistics as in the judgment
of the Secretary may be needful."
Mr. WADE. That is all it is now*.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is something
more than that now.
Mr. WADE. 1 think not; but that is all I want
to accomplish by it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the alteration I suggest
be mudc,theic can be no difficulty in rtgard to the
matter. TheSuperintcndentofthe Census Bureau
will understand that it is our wish thathcshould
