1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
posits they traffic. It is the deposits of money
Wliieh these concerns operate upon, and it is this
which makes the deposit system a crying evil in
the country. I will not by my vote encourage
that kind o*f business. I would make these insti-
tutions pay, and they will be compelled to bear
theMax in nine cases out of ten. They cannot
charge the tax to the depositors, because the de-
positors could not he induced to put the money
into the hands of these concerns unless n^oes out
to them again without charge. I would, in every
possibleway, aside from the question of revenue,
discourage this'kind of money traffic; and, on the
other hand, 1 would fix the currency of the coun-
try upon such a basis as would make every man
believe that the money is as safe in his own hands
as it is in the coffers of the broker who lives be-
side him.
[Here the hammer fell.] *■
Mr. HOOPER. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. DtVEN, I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, after the word "money," the
words "exceeding fifty dollars;" so that to small
sums this tax shall not apply.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the amendment is not in order at this time.
The'original amendmeut is based upon the single
word " check," and to that all amendments must
refer.
Mr. DIVEN. Then I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " check,"
the words " under fifty dollars."
The CHAIRMAN. That will be in order.
Mr. DIVEN. While I am in favor of the
amendment, if these checks must be taxed, 1 want
to avail myself of this opportunity, m response to
the repeated allegations winch have been brought
against the business of banking as dishonest, dis-
reputable, and against the banks as dangerous
places for men to deposit money,to protest against
applying those remarks to the banking business
of honest Slates, [laughter,] because the bankers
of one State—I need uotsingleoutthe State—have
rendered that business disreputable. I protest
against such terms being used against the banks
of States where no money has been lost, where
no" billholder can lose. There has been no place
where money has been so secure and safe as in
the State of New York and the New England
States, and 1 think I may add Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Wisconsin, and I perhaps might include all the
States except that one whose Representative is
here a vailing himselfof this opportunity to degrade
the business of banking:.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. What State does
the gentleman allude to? [Laughter.]
Mr. DIVEN. In the State m which I live, the
men who are engaged in the business of banking
are as honest, as loyal, and have come forward
and as freely lent their money to the Government,
as any class of men "that I know of. The people
of the State in which 1 live have no such preju-
dice against these banks. They have no tear of
leaving their money in the banks. They have no
wild-cat banks among effem; and when men here
remonstrate- against this pursuit and huil their
anathemas against bankers, they should confine
them to theirown bankers and notto all the bank-
ers of the United States.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I did not hear
what my friend s>aul, but when lawyers getto that
pass that they advocate banks and banking, 1
always suspect 
Mr. HORTOjN. I rise to a question of order.
Tnegentleman is not speaking to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in re-
gard to reuniting the tax on all checks under fifty
dollars.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois." 1 was upon that
point, it was in reference to the reduction of this
tax that I was speaking, and i was about saying
that when a lawyer gets to advocating banks and
banking, t always suspect his want of loyalty to
the profession, if not to the country.
Some allusion was made to Illinois. Sir, we
have had great burdens to bear there; we have
lost an immense amount of money.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is now clearly
out of order, because the universal .rule is de mini-
mis non curat lex. [Great laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must re- I
duce his point of order to English. [Laughter.] j
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois It is too late in
tho day for the gentleman to use good English.
[Renewed laughter.] I am not here to say very
much in defense of Illinois. We certainly had a
very hard burden to bear. We had to be check-
ing all the time the influences brought to bear
upon us. We are a new community, but have
made considerable progress, and it seems as if all
the s-harp bankers in the country, and especially
from New York, had put their wild-cat banks in
operation in our country. If we can only keep
New York banking operators out of the State, we
shall get along first rate. If we can keep out the
wild-cat money we shall have the good sound
currency that has been created by this Congress,
Treasury notes; and having such a currency,
we will forever put a check, of more than a two-
cent stamp, upon the new-fangled bankers of New
York, who, having reaped the harvest there, come
to ns to take all we have left.
The question was taken on Mr. Diven's amend-
ment; and it was agreed to—ayes sixty, noes not
counted.
Mr. MORRIS. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
Provided, 'That hereafter the patience of the House shall
not be taxed by nioie than one speech from the same mem-
ber on the same >ut>ject.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairdoubts whether
the amendment is m oider.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to strike out all after
the word '* check" that has been inserted by the
committee, and to insert the words " payable to
order."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
move to strike out what has been inserted by a
direct vote of the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the Chair state how the
section now stands?
The CHAIRMAN. The original motion is to
strike out the word " cheek," and, pending that,
amendments have been adopted to qualify it if U
lemains in the paragraph. The pending question
now is on striking outall in relation to the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As 1 understand
it, as the paragiaph now stands, it taxes all checks
under fifty dollars, and none above.
Mr. DlVEN. That is not what I intended.
What I intended was that checks under fifty dol-
lars should be exempt from taxation.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be the effect of
the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the amendment,
as it is recorded at the desk, may bo read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Ch"ck under fifty dollars, except cliccks drawn on bank
deposits.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out also the word " draft."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman that the word " draft" is not in-
cluded in the original amendment, and therefore
. his amendment is not in order.
Mr.EDWARDS. I move then to add the word
"draft" to what is to be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that that
amendment is not in order.
Mr. EDWARDS. Is it not in order to move
any amendment*
The CHAIRMAN. Only such amendments
as are germane to the original proposition, which
is to strike out the word " check,"and which has
been qualified by the committee by the adoption
of iwo or three amendments.
Mr. EDWARDS. { move then to strike out
the words " check, above fifty dollais."
The CHAIRMAN. There are no such words
in the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire if it would
i not be in order to move to strike out the entire
amendment and substitute something for it?
Mr. EDWARDS. My motion is in order, I
think.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. BINGHAM. For the purpose of raising
the question, I move to strike out what has been
inserted by the committee, and to insert " money
check."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say that
as the amendment has not yet been incorporated
in the bill, the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
is in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I submit the amend-
ment. I have heard no reason advanced by the
gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Diven] or any
one else who has spoken on this subject, why
checks drawn upon banks or upon any one else
for the payment of money for less than the sum of
fifty dollars should'bear a tax of two cents, while
checks for §2,000 or $5,000 bear no tax at all.
Now, with all deference to the Chair, I under-
take to say that the amendment, as the Clerk first
reported it was precisely this: that checks not ex-
ceeding fifty dollars shall be subject to a tax of
two cents, and if it be inserted in that way, and
the section adopted in that way, the effect will be
that checks for sums exceeding fifty dollars will
be subject to no tax at all. 1 ask that the Clerk
read the amendment as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read the paragraph, as amended, as
follows:
Bin of exchange, (inland.)—Promissory note, cheek
under fifty dollars, except checks diawn on bank deposits,
diaft, &o.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is certainly correct.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the committee are of the
opinion that we ought to tax money checks at all,
why not make the man who draws a check for
$)2,000 pay a tax as well as the man who draws for
(ess than fifty dollars? Why discriminate? Let
us strike out these words and insert what I have
offered. 1
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not intend to discuss
upon this amendment the subject of Illinois banks.
I wish to confine the few remarks whieh I propose
to make to the question before the House, and to
state what I believe would be the properlegislation
in relation to this matter.
Now, sir, 1 am against requiring a stamp tax for
ordinary bank checks. I think that it would dis-
arrange the business of the country very much.
It would affect the small local banks throughout
the country, whatever might be its effect on the
city banks, and 1 think it would affect them m pro-
portion, though not so materially as it would the
country banks. If you impose this tax upon bank
checks, the depositors throughout the country who
never have large deposits individually, but whoso
deposits in the aggregate make a considerable
amount, will stop drawing checks. Will any mer-
chant in the country who has two or three hun-
dred dollars deposited every week, and who, per-
haps, diaws it out at the end of the week after, de-
posit his money in a bank? He had better buy a
safe than do it. It is certain that throughout the
interior people think too much about their small
change, and especially are too averse to stamp
taxes, to be willing to incur this tax when they
can evade it by keeping their money in theirown
possession until they desire to use it. In that case
you* diminish the business of the banks without
bringing anything into the Treasury. 1 think theie
should be an amendment to the word "dicel^'in
order to prevent the tax on drafts being evaded,
if the clause be left as it is, checks will he drawn
payable to order, and will Ife sent through the
country as drafts; and no stamp duty will be paid
on them. The checks that are merely drawn for
accommodation in business and for withdrawing
a man's money for his own use should not be
taxed at all. I would have them escape taxation
altogether.
Mr. STEVENS. In order to close debate on
this paragraph, 1 move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 31*2) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending paragraph of the tax bill close in one
minute after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be ms-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
