43 0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
furnish these statistics, and he will see the pro-
priety of it himself when the information is needed
for war purposes, and will furnish it at once. He
will have our authority, and that is all he wants,
Mr. GRIMES. I agree that that is perfectly
right; it is all 1 want.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion has been ordered to a third reading; but, by
unanimous consent, that vote may be regarded as
reconsidered. ["Agreed."] The joint resolution
is now open to amendment. Will the Senator from
Maine indicate his amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out the
words:
Be required to do and perform such things under the di-
rection of the Secretary of War for the collection of war
statistics as, in "the judgment of the Secretary, maybe right
and proper for the above-mentioned purpose.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
.Authorized to furnish the Secretary of War with such war
statistics as from time to time the Secretaiy muy judge ne-
cessary for the us>c of his> Department.
Mr. WADE. I thank the gentleman for giving
the resolution a wider scope than it had at first.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am glad to be able to
gratify my friend.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thejointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
SECRET SESSIONS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Senate to take up for consideration Senate bill No.
122, providing for the organization of the staff
attached to divisions of the Army of the United
States, regular and volunteer.
Mr. WADE. I hope that will not be done. I
hope the unfinished business of Friday will be
taken up.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What is
that ?
Mr. WADE. A resolution to amend the joint
rules of the two Houses. That is the business that
comes up in its order, and 1 hope it will not be
postponed. I know very well that, in contempla-
tion of certain things, it ought to be acted on atonce,
if it is to be acted on at all. I hope the Senate will
proceed to the unfinished business, and not take
up the bill mentioned by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
my motion in order to accommodate the Senator
from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no other
bills or joint resolutions for introduction, the un-
finished businossof the morning hour will bo taken
up, which is the resolution submitted by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Wade on the
21st instant was read, as follows:
Resolved, (the Ilouse of JJepresontativcs concurring,)
That the following bo added to the joint rules of the two
Houses.
Q2. When, during the present rebellion, any member of
the Senate or IIousc 01 Representatives shall use in his
place unci state to the Senate or House of Representatives
that the Executive desires immediate action of Congress
upon any matter pertaining to the suppression of the pies-
cut rebellion, the tfenatc or Hotmc of Representatives, as the
case may be, shall immediately go into M>ciot eossion, and
proceed to the consideration of the mcasmo proposed ; and
all debate tiicreon, If the previous question shall not have
been ordered, shall be limited to tm: minutes for any mem-
ber, and the final vote  haJl he taken belore adjournment.
During such session no communication shall be leceived or
made to oi linm any person not a member then present, j
except through the President of the Senate or the Speakei ;
of the House; and a breach ofseciceyof any matter nans- '
acted during Mich session (unlesstiic injunction of sccteey ,
be removed) by any Senator or Representative shall be j
punished by expulsion, and if committed by anv officer of ;
either body, or other person, such punishment shall he in- <
flicted as the body to which he belongs may impose. J
. Mr. WADE. I propose to modify the resolu- 1
tion so as to obviate an objection which is enter- 1
tained by some Senators. I have consulted sev- •
eral Senators, and I believe that the restriction of ;
debate, and the provision that the measure sluill j
be determined at the same sitting, arc distasteful ;
to many members, I propose to modify it so as I
to remove, I hope, any objection on that score. I
prefer the resolution in its present stringent form, i
rather than with the amendment I am about to i
propose; because, for myself, I may say that f
have never learned anything from any member in
any speech after five minutes. If he would con- ;
centratc all the knowledge lie had to impart into }!
that space of time, I believe it would be sufficient. ||
I was perfectly willing to give Senators that range
and no more. The fact is that Congress ought to
change its habits, to get rid of that tardiness which
has characterized the progress of business in
peaceable times, and which has made it altogether
inefficient for war purposes. We have got to
sharpen up the machine, to make it go with more
efficiency, to do business more quickly than we
have done heretofore, or the executive branch of
the Government will be compelled to usurp power
that ought to belong to us. I should be very will-
ing to have the resolution passed as it was origin-
ally drawn, but I find that that is not the sense
of many members for whose opinions I have the
most profound respect, and therefore I propose
this amendment, to strike out the words:
And all debate thereon, if the previous question shall
not have been ordeicd, shall be limited to five minutes for
any membei, and the final vote shall be taken belore ad-
journment.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And shall consider no other matter until such measure
shall be disposed of.
That is to say, they shall not leave the matter
proposed by the Executive to take up other mat-
ters, until that shall be disposed of; and we leave it
to the discretion of Congress to determine as to the
importance of disposing of a measure promptly,
and the propriety of continuing debate upon it.
I would prefer to have it regulated by rule,-but I
think we shall be able to get along without that.
I think the other provisions of this proposed rule
are essential, and I hope it will meet the assent
of the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has the right to modify his resolution, and it
will be modified as he has proposed.
Mr. SUMNER. I must say that I hesitate to
embody among the joint rulesof the two Houses
of Congress this proposition, even modified as it
has been by my friend from Ohio. If I under-
stand the proposition even in its present form, it
gives to any single member the power, if I so
may express myself, of wheeling this body di-
rectly into secret session.
Mr. WADE. Ho must state that the Executive
wants it.
Air. SUMMER. I understand my friend; he
says it can be done only when a member, rising
in his place, states that the Executive desires such
a session. Now, I submit to my friend whether
that does not put in the power of an individual
member a privilege too great, and whether his rule
would not be better if the member was held to sub-
mit his motion in regular form to the body, and
then, if approved by a majority, a sccret session
should taKe place. 1 am not sufficiently prepared,
as doubtless the Senator is, with a reference to
precise propositions, which it may be desirable to
submit. I do not, perhaps, appreciate, as my
friend does, the exigency which dictates this rule.
But looking at it from my own point of view and
with such information as I have, it seems to me
that the rule, even as modified by him, is perhaps
too stringent, and I have therefore to submit to
him whether it would not be preferable that it
should be still further amended, so as to submit
the whole question to a vote of the body. If a
majority shall appiovc, then let the body go into
secret session; but let not a single individual, un-
dertaking to speak for the Executive, have that
great privilege.
I am very glad that the Senator has modified his
rule with reference to the length of speeches. He
thinks that a speech of five minutes is long enough;
and if all oi us had the happy faculty of condens-
ing what we have to say which my distinguished
friend has, I luive no doubt it would be long
enough; but 1 believe, talcing Senators as they are,
our experience here would not justify us in the j.
conclusion which he has expressed. I believe it jt
would be a departure from the policy of this body 'I
and from its habit from the-beginning, which we ■ j
ought not to make too hastily, and which I think t!
would hardly be considered as wise. I will move r
a still further modification, and mymotion,! pre-
sumo, will be in order now, by movin0- to strike i
out all alter the woid "rebellion," and inseitin^ i!
what I send to the desk. a 11
The Secretaryread thenmendment, to strike out '!
all after the word/5 rebellion1' m the first clause j!
of t!ie resolution,in the following- vvoids: i:
The Senate or House of Representatives, as the case may 11
be, shall immediately go into secrct session, and proceed .!
to the consideration of the measure proposed ; and shall
consider no other matter until such measure shall be dis-
posed of. ^ „
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
The question of a secret session for this purpose shall
be immediately submitted to the body in which such state-
ment is made, and if it be determined in the affirmative,
then the said body shall at once go into secrct session and
proceed to the consideration of the matter with regard to
which immediate action is desired, and shall consider noth-
ing else until such matter is disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I will modify my amendment
by inserting after the word " immediately," in the
second line, the words <( and without debate."
Mr. HALE. I think the Senafor from Massa-
chusetts is unnecessarily sensitive about the power
this rule will give a single member to put the body
into secret session. A single member has it now,
and it has been done. It has been done by the
illustrious predecessor of the illustrious Senator
from Massachusetts, and it has been done within
two years. This is the rule—the 18th rule of the
Senate:
" On ajnotion made and seconded to shut the doors of the x
Senate-' 
Mr. SUMNER and others. "And seconded."
Mr. HALE. On a motion made and seconded
to shut the doors of the Senate—
"on the discussion of any business which may, in the
opinion of a member, require secrecy, the President shall
diiect the gallery to be cleared; and dunng the discussion
of such motion the doors shall remain shut."
I am a little surprised that gentlemen of the com-
prehensive intellects of those who interrupted me
by putting an emphasis on the word " seconded,"
would seem to imply that there is any meaning in
that. The universal practice of the Senate, with-
out exception, has always been, when a motion
is made, as a matter of courtesy to consider it
seconded. The rule requires that every m'otion
shall be seconded; but who ever heard it put in
force here? It has never been put in force since
I have been a member of the Senate. The Pre-
siding Officer always 
Mf-. FOOT. Never waits for it.
Mr. HALE. I am glad to be supported by the
recollection of the weighty Senator from Vermont.
The Presiding Officer never waits for a motion to
be seconded.
Now, sir, letme call the attention of the Senator
from Massachusetts to the case I referred to. I
think it was as late as the John Brown war. Mr.
Mason, then chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, moved to go into secret session,
and he was voted down upon it. After making a
little complaint, he referred to this rule, and under
it he said he had a right to require the President
to clear the galleries. After being voted down by
the Senate when he made the motion, he stated
that the subject he had to propose was a matter
that required secrecy; and he compelled the Sen-
ate to go into secret session against their vote.
Every Senator has that right now. It seems to
me, therefore, there need be no alarm in regard to
the power that this gives a member to compel the
body to go into secret session.
I believe I have talked my five minutes, and
imparted all the information I can to the Senate.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WADE. I know the ingenuity of the
Senator from New Hampshire so well that I am
sure he could entertain the Senate for two hours
if he saw fit to do so.
Mr. President, I see nothing in the objections
that have been made to this resolution. It is said
that it will put too great power into the hands of
a single Senator. What power? Only that the
Senate or House of Representatives shall go into
secret session when a Senator rises and states that
he is in possession of the fact that the Executive
Government desires Congress to take up nnd con-
sidersome measure connected with the war, which
it was believed ought to be discussed in secret,
and disposed of at once. Now, sir, if we can
trust one another so far as to believe that this
power would not be abused by a fellow Senator,
I think there is no difficulty about it. After the
Senate went into secret session, if it should turn
out that the Senator really had no information to
impart, and that the Executive did not want any
measure acted upon by Congress, he would make
a fool of himself, and that would be the end of it,
and ail there would be about it; and the Govern-
ment would stand after all, notwithstanding the
greet power conferred on a single Senator.
