1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2473
a quarter; and why? Becausc you have solemnly
pledged to the country and the world that you will
impose a taxation of $150,000,000.
Mr. FEbSENDEN. And we have specifically
pledged thg revenue from the imports for the pay-
ment of trte interest.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you take all the im-
ports for the payment of interest, you must raise
something for the support of the Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course, you must. We
occupy before the world a proud position. We
have pledged ourselves to meet taxation in a manly
spirit. We have pledged our faith that we will
not only meet the interest on our debt, but that
we will meet liberally the current expenses of
the war. When we pledged ourselves to raise
$150,000,000, there was no supposition that the
interest on the debt and the ordinary expenses of
the Government would absorb the whole amount.
It was that solemn pledge, that we would not only
pay the interest and pay our ordinary expenses,
but that we would pay a liberal sum towards the
daily expenses of the war, that carried our bonds
from ninety, as they stood on the day that res-
olution was passed, to one hundred and four and
a quarter, as they stand to-day.
1 will notgo into this argumentfurther, because
I alluded to it last night; but I say to both the Sen-
ators from Pennsylvania, that this little twopenny
tax on coal of fifteen cents a ton will not be ap-
preciated. They say it amounts to ten or fifteen
or twenty percent.—I do not know how much and
I do not care. I know that to the consumer it
is simply fifteen ccnts a ton, on four dollars and
a quarter, three per cent.; and yet these gentle-
men come here and say it is an enormous tax upon
the coal delivered at the mouth of the mine. What
do the consumers know about the cost of coal at
the mouth of the mine? They are not there to
receive it. To them this tax is merely fifteen cents
a ton on four and a quarter dollars or four and a
half dollars or five dollars—a mere bagatelle, an
amount which a speculator will add to the price on
account of a variation in the daily receipts, which
the consumer does not realize or appreciate. I
am rea'dy to vote a tax of fifteen cents a ton on
all species of coal.
Mr. WILMOT. And copper, too ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, and copper, too. I
am not alarmed at a small tax of two or three per
cent, on these materials. I consider coal as able
to bear a tax as any other product of this na-
tion.
Mr. HARRIS. What does the Senator from
Michigan say to taxing flour?
Mr. CHANDLER. If you want to tax flour,
try it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A tax would have been
put on flour in this bill, but for the reciprocity
treaty. It would destroy the millers of New York,
it was said, and it was left out for the benefit of
the New York interest.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not for taxing flour.
Mr. CHANDLER. You put a tax on western
whisky, the raw material of which is corn, and
what kind of a tax did you vote? Whisky at the
still, like coal at the mouth of the mine, is worth
fifteen cents a gallon, and you voted a tax of
twenty ccnts on fifteen, and we did not complain.
Now, because we put fifteen cents tax on £4 25
you grumble, and say that it is oppressive. We
did not complain that you put one hundred and
twenty-five percent, on our great staple, whisky.
There is one town in the State of Illinois, the
town of Peoria, that, under this bill, will pay a
tax of more than a million of dollars a year upon
whisky alone; and yet because we put fifteen cents
a ton on coal, the whole nation is to collapse.
Mr. President, I have heard enough of this. I
hope the Senate will stand by the report of the
committee, and stand by the duty on coal. F con-
sider the duties on tobacco and on whisky op-
pressive, but I do not complain.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Perhaps I misunderstood
the Senator from Michigan when he said just
now, " stand by the report of the committee."
Mr. CHANDLER. I said I hoped the Senate
would stand by their repott.
Mr. COWAN. My motion is the report of the
committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The committee decided
on three and a halt cents a ton on coal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let there be no misun-
derstanding. The Senator from Michigan mis-
apprehended 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I stand by fifteen cents on
hard coal, and if I have made any mistake I take
it back
Mr. McDOUGALL, The Committee on Fi-
nance, upon careful examination and upon full
consideration, though not having the advantage of
the counsel of the mercantile gentleman from
Michigan, concluded that it was right to put the
two descriptions of coal on the same basis. They
came to that conclusion after having heard the
best advised men belonging to the coal regions
of the North and West; and I am not advised,
as yet, that the gentleman from Michigan knew
more about the subject-matter than they did. It
is well to know all we can find out, and then it is
well to know what we have found out.
I agree with the Senatoi from Pennsylvania who
last spoke, that we should strike out the whole tax
on coal, and I would move it if it were legitimate.
It is one of the elements, as much as water is, as
much as air is, as much as the sunlight is. It is
one of the elements that is making us, in our mod-
ern times, with our discoveries, a great nation;
and it ought not to be disturbed or troubled by
the administration of Government. Although
you may call this an abstract proposition, and
gentlemen may not be disposed to listen to what
I remark, I am affirming a great cardinal and ex-
act truth which I know and have learned by the
deductions of science and thought; and men who
ignore these deductions, or will not consider them,
aie not fit to sit in any Senate Hall. I say, coal
is an clement. It is not the fifth element, although
it might be well to substitute it for the fifth ele-
ment, according to the doctrines of the old philos-
ophers, because, they said, the fifth element al-
ways went upwards, and canied our souls into
the land of the blessed. Coal is an element found
in ourcountryand in Europe in modern times, and
employed as freely as the air and water, and as
important; and it should never be made subject
to any of the limitations the law makes upon the
progiess of enterprise and development. I am
not disposed to embark in this argument at large,
but I wish to say for myself, having somewhat
studied and considered these things, that it is an
outrage upon the well-advised opinion and all
modern science to tax subjects like this, that enter
into and arc part of all that makes us strong. Coal,
as applied to the forces of nature, is what enables
us to pay our taxes; it is the agent that enables
us to multiply one man by twenty in every depart-
ment of enterprise and labor in the foirn of every
manufactured cuticle; and we ought to be wise
enough, and if we be careful we shall be wise
enough, to understand that this is an interest to
be taken care of and promoted, rather than to be
taxed and broken down.
A tax on anthracite coal of fifteen cents a ton is
proposed; and where is it taken ? At the mouth
of the mine. It goes through twenty or thirty
or forty hands before it comes to its ultimate use,
for it has twenty or thirty or forty uses, but at
the mouth of the mine this whole tax is to be j
paid, which should be distributed, under any sys- !
torn, through all these various departments. This 1
interest is one which should be promoted as rail- ;
roads should be promoted, as facilities for com- j
merce should be promoted. It should be pro- j
moted m advance of all others; but at the mouth
of the mine you lay a tax which embarrasses the
laboring arm; Vulcan is stopped in his own old
place where he forged. You stop labor where it
commences, at the beginning of things. It is
wrong upon principle, and any person who ever i
thinks of principle as against a mere temporary |
present policy, is bound so to recognize it. !
Sir, as I have said before, we have here a bill !
that is without system, without law, without con- j
sideration, which the chairman of the Committee 1
on Finance will not undertake himself personally j
to indorse; and we aregoin^to present this to the \
country, to our twenty millions of people in the |
loyal estates, and make it press upon them. I say j
that it is well that we should consider the provis-
ions of the bill caiefuliy, but it is not done. I say jj
that taxing coal is fuLse m point of finance; it is ;
ag.iinstthe wealth und developmentofthe country; ;
it is atrainst all sound policy. 1 voted m committee ^
in favor of the proposition equalizing the tax on i
the two descriptions of coal, making it three and i
a half cents a ton on both, but I thought then, as;
I think now, that the -whole tax is wrong and
againstsound public policy. If weeannotgetup
beyond the mere machinery of business, to con-
sider the public interest and the true policy of the
nation, we had better give this Government up,
and trust it to others who will master it.
Mr. WILMOT. I desire to say to the Sena-
tor from Michigan that I would be as careful of
the public credit as himself or any other Senator.
As I understand, the public credit is in no danger;
it stands well to-day, and I have no doubt it will
continue to be maintained without the passage of
the bill now under consideration, and especially
without the imposition of this tax upon coal. The
public revenues derived from imposts are already
pledged to the payment of the interest upon the
public debt, and unless 1 have misconceived the
extent to which those imposts will rise, there is
abundance here for the payment of a debt of
$1,500,000,000. In a time of peace the tariff im-
posed upon foreign importations must yield, judg-
ing by the past summer, from ninety to one hun-
dred millions of dollars. Is not here a provision
for the payment of the interest on the public debt?
Is it necessary now to go on and impose burdens
on our people beyond the wants of the Govern-
ment? Here is sufficient protection for the public
credit, such as the Senator will be satisfied with,
and such as will maintain the public credit. We
are then to impose taxes for the purpose of carry-
ing on the ordinary expenditures of the Govern-
ment. As I said before, I am opposed at this day
to the raising of a sinking fund. I would leave
that for a period some years hence. The Sena-
tor from Michigan seems to he vehement in his
demand for this tax on coal. Will he tell me what
raw material m the State of Michigan is taxed?
Are his copper mines taxed ? If lie were so anx-
ious for the purpose of raising revenue from this
source, why not himself move to impose 
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senatoi will pardon
me, I will state that the coal fields of Michigan
are, if not equal, very nearly equal to those of
Pennsylvania. The whole of the State of Michi-
gan is underlaid with a bed of coal; and in iron
we beat Pennsylvania all to pieces. They come
up and get our iron to mix with their poor stuff
to make a decent saleable article.
Mr. WILMOT. They may have a great deal
of coal in Michigan, but they produce very little
indeed.
I am not disposed to press this argument fur-
ther. 1 have stated the views which I entertain
upon this subject. I do not believe it is neces-
sary to pass this bill, to send the tax gatherer into
every man's house, and penetrate and inquire into
every man's business. It imposes upon the tax
gatherer inquisitorial dutic-s. In my judgment, we
can raise the revenue desired in another way. The
bill of the Senator from Rhode Island, under his
estimate—and it is as good as the estimate of any
other gentleman on this floor—will produce some-
thing over one hundred and twenty millions of
dollars, I believe. It is a bill which would scarcely
affect the interests of the country, scarcely touches
them; and, in my judgment, would be a much
better bill than the one under consideration.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe if we afflict the
country with this measure, it will bo bccause the
Senate will understand that this and various other
impositions reported to them are the deliberate
judgment of the Committee on Finance. It has
got to such a pass that even the chairman himself
cannot convince the Senate, though he has said
as much as three times since this debate began—
for he is very candid, and does not want anybody
to be misled—that he was the only one of the com-
mittee out of seven who was in favor of this coal
duty. And yet, after he had said that as much as
three times, the Senatoi\from Michigan says, " I
mean to follow the Committee on Finance."
Mr. CHANDLER. I backed out of that so
quick that it is hardly worth while to repeat it.
Mr. SIMMONS. You said you would go for
a duty of fifteen cents anyhow, no matter whether
the Committee on Finance i ecommended it or not.
I believe the chairman of the committee was not
very urgent about this particular tux, if I can un-
derstand him. He was tathor doubtful whether
it was best to keep it the way it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i will say very frankly
what I intended to say befoie, that while I think
the amount fixed by my friend from Pennsylvania
