1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sir, I placed that power here because I wished
to make an easy communication between the Ex-
ecutive Government and Congress. X wanted it
so that the President or any member of the Cab-
inet, when he happened to find alienator or Rep-
resentative that lie wished to impart this informa-
tion to, might do it without great formality. He
could tell him all the reasons for the proposed ac-
tion and all about it in a much better manner, in
my judgment, than by barely communicating it
to the PresidingOfficcr of this body. That is the
usual course of communication, and 1 have no
very great objections to it; but it seemed to me
after all thatit would not be so easy and informal as
it would be to give him authority to communicate
it to any member of this body he saw fu to select.
I thought he might communicate with a member
in a more familiar way, and let him into all the
secrct reasons, the why and the wherefore, for a
measure, than he could by a stiff communication
to the Presiding Officer of the body. For these
reasons, I believe we might trust any and all the
members of this body to move the Senate to go
into secret session, and that they never would do
it unless they were charged with some matter of
sufficient importance to challenge the investiga-
tion of the body. I have no fear on that point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order,
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone the special
order until this matter is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California [Mr. Latham] is entitled to the floor
on the special order.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senator to give way
#for a short time, initil we dispose of this subject.
Mr. LATHAM. I am perfectly willing to let
the special order be passed over-informally for
a short time, in order to take a vote on this sub-
ject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
gard it as the sense of the Senate to continue the
resolution now under consideration temporarily
before the Senate, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, my five minutes are
up,and J have said all that! <*an say to enlighten
the Senate upon this subject. I hope the resolu-
tion will be adopted. 1 think theie is notiiing
dangerous in it, nothing but what will facilitate
that easy communication between Congress and
the Executive Government that everybody would
like to see.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see no sort of objection
to the resolution as modified by the Senator from
Ohio. If I heard it correctly, and have a cor-
rect idea of it, the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts amounts to the same
thing, and will be equally unobjectionable. If,
however, this proposed rule had reference only to
the Senate, I agree with the Senator from New
Hampshire that it would be entirely unnecessary.
There is power enough now in the Senate on that
subject, and, in this state of the country, if any
Senator desired the Senate to have a secret session,
and stated that it was on an important matter,
there is no doubt it would be immediately done.
There has been no practical difficulty ever upon
that subject.
But, sir, it may be that the opinion of the House
may be required upon the same subject, and there,
unfortunately, there is no rule under which it can
act tit once. Their rules as at present fixed would
put it m the power of any one member to prevent
a secret session of that body. The object, there-
fore, of this joint rule, which is introduced by the
Senator from Ohio, is simply to put the other House
in such a condition that any one member may make
the motion, and the body shall then proceed to the
consideration of the subject he wishes to have con-
sidered m secret session. I see no objection to it;
and even if it is modified as proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, so as to put it in the power
of the majority to go into secret session when it is
deemed necessary to do so, there is a very large
majority in both branches strongly m favor of
doing everything that is necessary m order to ac-
complish what we all desire to see accomplished,
and the country desires to see accomplished at the
present time. Therefore, with reference to the
House, not the Senate, it is absolutely necessary,
if their opinion is to be requested by the Executive,
(and there may be veiy good reason why it should
be in many cases,) that something in the nature of
a joint rule should pass.
1 will say one word more at the risk of going
over the five minutes which has been suggested
by my friend from Ohio as the limit of debate. I
have an objection to that simply because I, per-
haps, am in the habit of long talking, and some-
times saying what may not be necessary to be
said. I am glad, however, that my friend has
come to a different conclusion. If I remember
rightly, lie has often addressed this body at amuch
greater length than five minutes; sometimes for
hours. It is not for me to say that he has passed
judgment upon his own performances, nor would
it do to say in regard to those speeches (for it
would not be true) that everything worth listen-
ing to was said in the first five minutes. I would
not say so. I do not think so; and it cannot be
so with regard to others in this body who may
take a longer time to express themselves.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, f am not dis-
posed to oppose the adoption of this joint rule,
but I must be permitted to express my great doubts
as to our acting in secrct with efficiency. 1 do not
believe that secrecy is an clement of power in our
Government. I believe it is an element of weak-
ness, decidedly. We have at the present time
what are facetiously called secret sessions of the
Senate; and, sir, what is done in secret session,
or what is reported to be done, is brought before
the eye of the public, I think rather curlier and
more minutely than what is done, in open session.
I do not say that it is correctly reported; but it is
so reported that the public give it crcdit, and if it
is false it is more likely to do harm than though
the truth were reported. 1 do not see, therefore,
that we gain by attempting to conceal our trans-
actions from the public eye. I am not disposed,
however, to enlarge upon that topic. 1 am per-
fectly willing to accord with the Senate in passing
the rule if it is deemed best to do so.
But, sir, one word m regard to the punishment
which this resolution proposes to inflict upon per-
sons not members of either House who may vio-
late it. I am not prepared to vote for that, for it
proposes to give to each House power to punish
m any way they think proper any person who
shall expose what is thus done in the secret session
of the body. Here are the very woids:
" Such punishment shall he inflicted as the bod; to which
he belongs may impose."
That is giving an arbitrary power on the subject
of punishment which I nm not prepared to vote for.
I think we should say what the punishmentshould
be, and then we may understand it; hutgivmgthis
arbitiary power to each House to impose just such
punishment as it pleases I am not pieparcd to vote
for.
Mr. W A-DE. I have no objection to confining
the punishment of those officers to the losing of
thcir*>fficcs. That will be analogous to the pun-
ishment we inflict on one of our own members.
Mr. KING. Or that they shall be imprisoned
during the session.
Mr. WADE. I am willing to agree to any-
thing to make that point definite.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I sympa-
thize fully with the design which the war com-
mittee have in presenting this resolution. I be-
lieve there should be fieer mtercouise between the
diffei cnt Departments of this Government. I think
we ought to act in harmony and understandingly;
and I am very glad, and ictum my thanks to this
committee for endeavoring to bring about that
state of things. The public has experienced within
a few days a very great change in Us feelings. I
will not undertake to say why; but we all feel
better; we all feel more hopeful; we all feel that
these armies that are now in the field are to carry
on the war; that they aie to put down this rebel-
lion by the power of their strong arms; and that
they arc to be used for that purpose. A spirit has
somehow or other been infused into everybody
about us. I certainly feel better, and I believe
every earnest man feels better. 1 believe we owe
this feeling to this war committee. What they
have done, I do not know. Their sessions have
been secret; but an influence somehow or other
has been infused into the Go\ ernment that we all
feel; and we sec that preparations are making for
active movements. So f<u, then, I harmonisecn-
tirely with the view which the mover of thiM res-
olution has m view. But 1 must say that I dislike
the idea of secret sessions. This is a people's
Government. The peopletought to know what is
being done. I dislike very much-to attempt to
shut out from them our notion unless in a case of
the most urgent necessity. However, in time of
war and rebellion like this, when the life of the
nation is at stake, I am willing to forego that, if
any gentlemen who are in a position to know say
there is an actual necessity that we should act se-
cretly upon a measure which is proposed to us by
the Executive.
The resolution, however, that is immediately
before us I thought went too far, and I think the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts does not accomplish the object which '
he desires. That amendment simply proposes
that when the motion is made to go into secret
session, it shall be dccided by a majority vote.
How can we dccidc it by a majority vote? The
member who makes the motion makes it in open
session. We cannot know the reasons for it.
Certainly when he makes the motion the galleries
should be cleared, and we should go into secret
session to determine that very question. We can-
not determine it in open session, because we can-
not know the reason for the motion, but there
may be the most urgent reason that could be im-
agined for it. He cannot disclose it theie. Now
I think the lulc as it stands is altogether better—
the 18th rule—-which provides that,
u On a motion made and seconded, to shut the doors of
the Senate, on the di>cussion of any business which may,
m the opinion ot a member, lequire seeiecy, the President
shall direct the gallenes to b<> eleaied ; and, during the dis-
cussion of such motion, thf doois shall lcmatn shut."
I will suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts
to adopt that phraseology in liiai of the amend-
ment which he has proposed; so that during the
discussion of the question whether we shall act in
secret session, the doors shall remain shut in order
that the member who makes the motion may dis-
close to us the reasons therefor; otherwise the
amendment is entirely valueless. We should be
voting in the dark; we should not know whether
to go into secret session or not; and the result
would be when a member made the statement we
should always vote that way. I suggest, therefore,
that that amendment be made.
But the power which is conferred by this reso-
lution upon a single member is to exclude all other
business, except the consideration of the measure
proposed by him to be considered in secret ses-
sion. That is a great power which a single mem-
ber would ha\e under this joint rule, if it b*
adopted. U is not only to put the Senate into
secret session, but it is to exclude from consider-
ation every other sub'ject until we finally dispose
of that measure; and any one member would have
that power under this resolution. No matter what
a majority might think; no matter what other im-
portant measures, in the opinion of the Senate,
might require more urgent action than the one that
was proposed by him, when you have gone into
secret session under this joint rule you have de-
barred yourselves, under any and all circum-
stances, from doing any thing until you finally dis-
pose of the measure upon which you have gone
into secret session. That is a very great power
to place in the hands of a single member of either
body.
Now, sir, in regard to the latter part of this res-
olution m reference to divulging what may occur
in secrct session, I think the rule of the Senate,
as it now stands, is a very good one. It piovidcs
that—
" All confidential communications made by the Pifsidcnt
of the tinned States to t lie Senate, shall be bv the membcis
thereot kept secrct; and all treaties which may be laid be-
lore the Senate shall also bo kept bccirt, until the Senate
shall, by tlu-ir resolution, take off the injunction of secrecy/'
It also provides, in the 51st rule, that—
Any oilieei oi member of the Senate convicted of dis-
clo«anji tor publication any written or punted matter di-
rected by the Senate to be held in confidence, shall be lia-
ble, if an otficcr, to bo diMni^-ed lYom the seYvice of the
Senate, and m the case of a member, to suffer expulsion
fiom the body."
That is the rule now, sir, for punishing the dis-
closure of what occurs m the executive sessions
of the Senate; and what have we seen since this
session began? Why, sir, we have seen pub-
lished neaily cveiythmg that has occurred in ex-
ecutive session; and the rule which the Senator
now proposes to adopt to prevent it is no more-
stringent than the present rule of the Senate. I
should hope, if this rule be adopted, that we shall
be able to keep our secrets, and that the punish-
