492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
laent prescribed by tine rules would be indicted
*upon the violators of them. I wish that punish-
ment could be inflieted upon the violators of the
rule during the present session of Congress in this
respect* We have hardly had an executive ses-
sion* certainly not one where there has been any,
digcussion'or any question dividing the body, that
nearly everything that has transpired has not been
published the next day to the world—published
with exaggeration, published with misrepresenta-
tions, placing members in a false position. I would
infinitely prefer that our regular reporters should
be here and publish what we do say and how we
act than that these garbled accounts should go out
to the public to create bad feeling in the country.
I do not know that we have any assurance that
this new rule will be better observed than the pres-
ent rule is; but if it is adopted, I hope it will be.
1 do not mean to oppose the adoption of a rule
to go into secret session for the purpose indicated
Joy the chairman of the war committee. I want
to see greater harmony between the different de-
partments of the Government, closer connection
between them, each bolstering up the other, and
that we may go along hand in hand to put down
this rebellion in the shortest possible time. There-
fore, reluctant as I am to vote for a resolution im-
posing secrecy upon ourselves, 1 shall consent to
this, if it can be modified so as not to place the
4>ody absolutely at the disposal of a single member.
Mr. CHANDLER. There seems to me to be
an absolute necessity for the adoption of this rule.
Allusion has been made by the Senator from New
Hampshire to the present power of the Senate to
.go into executive session. Now, sir, it is well
known we cannot legislate in executive session.
We cannot pass a joint lesolution; we cannot do
a thing 
Mr. HALE. Allow me one moment. It is not
executive session, but secret session. We can go
into secret session now on legislative measures by
•the rules of the Senate on the call of any member.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I was under a mis-
take. But, sir, this is a rule for both Houses.
There is no rule by which they can at present
throw the other House into secret or executive
session either.
Now, sir, with regard to punishment for the
violation of this rule which the Senator from Con-
necticut objects to so strongly, I desire to leave
that with the body. We might have a traitor in
our midst who would communicate to the enemy
what occurred here in secret,session. Sir, I would
foang him. Then we might have a Senator who
was under very strong influences at home, and
might whisper something to his wife that was not
very important, because he could not keep it from
her. 1 should treat linn moie leniently. There-
fore I desire to Ieuvu that to the discretion of the
body. Let the punishment be relative to the of-
fense. Hang the traitoi; expel the man who de-
serves expulsion; reprimand the man whodeserves
a reprimand, i hope that will be left as it now
-stands, to the discretion of the body.
With regard to the necessity of this measure,
it is well known that the President, by proclaiming
•martial law, can perform any act which he thinks
necessary to l>e performed; but the Executive pre-
fers to act in accordance with law. It may be
necessary, in the progress of this war, that a law
should be passed at once to save the Executive
from the proclamation of martial law, under which
he could perform the very act, which he desires to
perform in accoidancc with law. I deem this to
be a mattei of vital importance-. I hope the res-
olution will pass just as it is, and pass at once.
Mr. HALE. 1 only want to say a.single word
in reference to a subject that has been broached
by the Senator from Illinois, and which 1 think is
a scandal and a disgrace. Our secret sessions,
and the proceedings of those sessions under that
rule, are, as the Senator says, published to the
world the very next day with as much particular-
ity as the proceedings m open Senate; and worse
than that, garbled and misrepresented. I think
there have been on former occasions some attempts
made to enforce this rule, I merely rise now to
say that I hope the rule now proposed will be
adopted. I have not looked into the details of it,
and do not care to do so. 1 am going to support
this Administration, whether they want me or not,
in every measure they adopt for carrying on this
war vigorously, if this rule is adopted, and I do
not know but I shall whether it is adopted or not,
I give notice that whenever I see it violated, when-
ever I see the proceedings of the Senate in secret
session published, I shall bring that subject to the
attention of the Senate, and see if they will vindi-
cate their own rules and punish the offender, if he
is found out.
Mr, PEARCE, Mr. President, I have not
heard the whole of the discussion upon this res-
olution, but on reading it at the Secretary's desk,
and the amendment which has been offered, I in-
cline to prefer the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, though there is a clause in that to
which I should be opposed. I doubt, however,
the necessity of the resolution. I do not know
whether the rules of the Senate and House of
Representatives have been quoted in the debate,
but certainly there seems to be rule enough in each
House for all our purposes. I will remind the
Senate, if they will allow me, of our own 18th
rule:
i( On a motion made and seconded to shut the doors of
the Senate on the discussion of any business which may,
in the opinion of a member, require secrecy, the Ptcsident
shall direct the gailciyu> bceleaied, and duiing the dis-
cussion of such motion the doois shall remain shut."
Now, sir, that enables us to go into secret ses-
sion just as promptly as the rule proposed by the
Senator from Ohio. It does not, however, compel
us to devote our attention to the subject-matter
upon which we go into secret session, whatever
it may be, until it be finally disposed of, as this
resolution does. I can conceive a case, and the
Senate will readily perceive it may often occur,
when we may go into secret session upon a prop-
osition which the Senate cannot well and properly
dispose of at one sitting, or any certain number
of consecutive sittings. We may find ourselves
not furnished with sufficient evidence upon the
matter m hand to decide either affirmatively or
negatively. We may desire to call upon the Ex-
! eoutive for further information, upon which, ab-
solutely, our decision would depend. Then by
the new rule, as proposed by both Senators, you
could not attend to any other business during the
interval between culling for that information and
its receipt. That would waste the time of the Sen-
ate for no puipo.se that I can conceive of. Hence
my objection to the last clause of the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, the phraseol-
ogy of which I piofcr to that of the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio. The last clause is, that
we shall continue that business until it be dis-
posed of, taking up no other business. I do not
recollect the precise words, but that is the effect
ofit. I think what 1 have stated shows a sufficient
objection to that clause.
Then, sir, as to the House of Representatives,
the 112th rule provides that—
a Whenever confidential communications are received
from the I'ler-ident of the United States'"1—
and the ease provided for in the resolution i$ that
of a confidential communication made through a
Senator—
"the Hou-e^hall be clc.uod of all persons except the mem-
bers, ( 'let k, SergtMM at-A mis and Dooi keepei, and so con-
tinue during the tend ingot huch communications, and (un-
less otheiwi^e dneeted bv the House) during all debates
and proceedings to be hud thereon. Ami when the Speaker
or nnv other member .shall tnfoint the House that lie has
communications to inakf winch he conceives ought to be
kept scciet, the flou-e .shall, jn like manner, be cleaied till
the communication be made ; the [Jou>e shall then determ-
ine whether the mattei communicated requiies sceiecy or
not, and take order aceoidingly."
This,I think, secures all the secrecy necessary;
and surely it may be left to the discretion of each
House of Congress whether-the business sub-
mitted to them is of such a natuie as to require
the prompt and immediate action contemplated by
the resolution. I think we can trust the members
of either House of Congress so far; and if we can-
not, it would be vain to make any rules to bind
them.
As to the penalty, that is now within the dis-
cretion of either House of Congress. If any mem-
ber violates the secrecy of the proceedings held
under the 38th rule of the Senate,.which 1 have
read, he undoubtedly commits a breach of our
order, by which he makes himself obnoxious, not
only to the displeasure of the Senate and the dis-
approbation of the people, but he subjects himself
to the penal action of the Senate, and we may pun-
ish him, in the exeicise of our discretion, as we
punish many nameless offenses which render a
member liable to be expelled from the Senate. I
know there was one attempt since I have been a
member of it to expel a member for disclosing a
treaty. It is true he was not expelled. It is true
ho made some amende to the Senate for his violation
of its order of secrecy, and, with a slight censure,
he was permitted to go without further punish-
ment. But it is in the power of the House and of
the Senate to inflict any punishment which they
may think proper, not excepting expulsion, ex-
cept, perhaps, that of hanging, which the Senator
from Michigan seems to think they may lawfully
inflict. I do not believe the Senate will concur
with him in that. I think, therefore, there is
really no necessity for this resolution. If we are
fair and honorable men, everything that could be
accomplished under it can be done without it,
under our present rules; and if we are not, it will
be useless to attempt to further restrict us.
Besides, the Constitution seems to contemplate
that each House shall make its own rules of pro-
ceeding. Thelanguageusedis^may." The word
*' may" in that case should, as is often done in
the construction of laws, be read " shall;" and it
is very proper I think that each, House should
prescribe its own rules of proceeding. There are
certain matters of proceeding common to the two
Houses, in which it is absolutely necessary that
we should have a joint rule; but they are very
few. It does not seem to me that this is one which
requires opr joint action. Each House may be as
well trusted m this as in any other matter, to pre-
scribe its own rules of proceeding. I desire, for
my part, to have as little to do with piescribing
rules for the House of Representatives as possi-
ble; and, on the other hand, that the House of Rep-
resentatives shall have as little to do with pre-
scribing rules for us. Nor can I conceive any
necessity at present for this joint rule, which ties,
our hands in regard to all business until that in
secret session is disposed of. I think we have all
the prescribed rules for secrecy and prompt action
that are necessary; and therefore I do not want the
Senate to adopt this new rule, which may be far
more inconvenient than we now suppose.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to take advantage of
the suggestion of the Senator from Illinois, which
seems to me to touch an important point. I pro-
pose, therefore, to modify the amendment which
I have offered by embodying the rule of the Sen-
ate, to which attention has been called, and asso-
ciatingitwith the furtherproposition which I have
made; and if 1 can have the attention of my friend
from Ohio, I believe he will be willing to accept
this proposition as now modified instead of his
own; for, it seems to me, it covers substantially
all that he desires. I propose, after the words
" present rebellion," to insert as follows:
Then, on a motion made and seconded tobhut the doors,
the President of the Senate, or the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, as the case may be, direct the gallery to
be elcaied, and dining the dtscu-sMon of such motion the
doors shall remain shut; and should the proceedings in r.o-
cret session be ordered, then the consideration of the matter
in question shall be proceeded with to the exclusion of all
other business until such matter is disposed of.
Now, I ask my friend from Oluo what objection
he etui have to that?
Mr. WADE. It does not differ from mine.
Mr. SUMNER. It differs from yours in this
respect: it takes advantage of the existing rule of
the Senate which it embodies and uses as a starting
point.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, 1 am not partic-
ular as to the form which this proposed rule shall
take; nor am I very tenacious of this resolution
that was drawn up and prepared by the committee
of which I am a member. I wish to effect one
object, the consideiation, as rapid as may be con-
sistent with discretion and proper judgment, of
all such measures as the Executive Government
shall believe ought to be acted upon with facility
and with secrecy. That is what I wish to attain;
and if any one will suggest any foi-m m which a
rule can be constructed to attain that end better
than the one I have proposed, 1 shall be very glad
to adopt it. I am sorry to say I have not been
able to see wherein the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts is better than the one already
before the Senate.
Various objections have been made to this pro-
posed rule. The first one is that gentlemen are
very much opposed to secret sessions of this body.
They say this isa popular Govtrnment,and there-
fore the people ought to know precisely what is
going on. Sir, I do not think there is anything
in that objection. If that were so, then the plans of
