2474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
" is altogether too low, I think it would be well to
reduce it from what it is fixed at in the bill.
Mr.SIMMONS. Notwilhstandingeverymem-
ber of the Committee on Finance is against this
coal tax, the Senator from Michigan says he will
vote for fifteen cents.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do.
- Mr.SIMMONS. Heis the only man, I reckon,
in the Senate who would put everything at de-
fiance—all the recommendations of the committee,
and all their labor—simply because he wants to
sustain the credit of the Government. I said be-
- fore any internal tax bill was before us that what
would sustain the credit of the Government was
fighting—victories. That is what has (lone it. He
says that because we passed some resolution here
the stocks went up from ninety to one hundred
and four. They never went up until we whipped
the enemy. That is what carried them up; and
if you will clear out your enemies, they will go
up to one hundred and twenty in less than thirty
days, and you need not pass any tax bill.
I do not quite agree with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania about not providing some ways to liquid-
ate this debt, though I am not particular about
doing it in this year. I think we had better get
out of the woods before we do that; but 1 believe
we owe it to those who are to come after us to
provide the means for liquidating this debt in a
reasonable time.
Mr. WILMOT. I agree in that—in a reason-
able time.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly you do. I knew
you would agree to that. I had a plan that had
a twofold object: to tax vicious indulgences; and
I had hopes it would operate a little both ways.
Prom my experience, however, I have very little
hope left of its ever curtailing the amount of liquor
drank. I think the more you talk about liquor,
the more people want it, and it would be more
respectable to drink it at ninepence a glass than
three cents. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. I have not anything to say on
this subject of the coal tax, although I am going
to vote for some proposition, and probably the
lowest that is submitted to us; but I want to say
right here, for fear that the constant repetition of
the remark by various Senators may be regarded
as an acquiescence in thedoctrine by all the mem-
bers ot the Senate, that I"am utterly opposed to
the theory of those gentlemen who say they do
not desire that any sinking fund should be estab-
lished, or any method devised by which the ulti-
mate payment of the public debt that is now
created shall be projected.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to inform the
Senator from Iowa that there is a distinct pledge
in ourlawunon which our bonds have been issued,
that there shall be a sinking fund of one per cent.
That could no more be violated than any other
pledge made by an act of Congress, or by the
bonds themselves. It is a part of the bond.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, I think I can see very
distinctly what is going to be one of the effects of
this war, especially it the theories announced by
gentlemen on this floor are to prevail, that we are
to have a Government that is to be controlled by
the moneyed men arid stockjobbers of the coun-
try. Thatis what I am afraid of. We have to-day
given a very significant vote, in my opinion, on
that subject. We have declared that all the bonds
that are issued by the United States shall be for-
ever exempt from State taxation.
Mr. HOWE. Federal taxation.
Mr. GRIMES. We have in effect decided
that it shall not; and we shall create before the
end of another year $1,500,000,000 of indebted-
Mr. HARRIS. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator said yesterday,
I believe, that the public indebtedness now was i
only §550,000,000, and that tlieamountof interest !
we were paying was only a little upwards of four j
per cent. ^ Rut when you come to examine that, ■
you find included the amount that was unliqui-
dated, that was outstanding, that had not been j
leduced to writing, and we do not know much !
about, and was not drawing interest at all; and
when we struck the balance then, it reduced the i:
average rate somewhere in the neighborhood of1;
four and a half per cent. I prcdic? that our in- '!
debtedness will amount at the end of the vear to i
$1,500,000,000. You cannot approximated the 1
amount of it now. You have got ten thousand 1
incidental expenses growing out of this war. You
have got to pay damages,^untold damages; no-
body can compute them. I think that the real
expenses of the war will be one third greater
than thev are nominally.
"Mr. HARRIS. I think the Senator rather mis-
states what I said yesterday. I stated yesterday
that I was informed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that on the 1st day of July our indebtedness
would amount to $520,000,000. That would em-
brace all the liquidated debt. 1 stated further that
I supposed that for another year the amount of
our expenses would not exceed those of the last
year. I do not think they will, nor be as much;
but I assumed they would. That would make
$1,000,000,000. I do not suppose the Senator
from Iowa will assert that he expects the expenses
of the war will be greater for the year to come
than they have been for the past year.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not the most remote
idea that the Secretary of the Treasury or any-
body else knows what is the amount, or can come
within several millions of dollars what will be the
expenses of the present fiscal year. I presume all
the charter parties for all these vessels that have
been engaged in transporting troops during the
first two months have not come in to be settled at
the end of this quarter.
Mr. HARRIS. Ten months have,
Mr. GRIMES. We arc talkingabout whatare
the expenses of the present fiscal year. They
come in quarterly. These returns have not been
made during the last two months, and during that
time this army has been transported, and we have
employed a very large amount of transportation,
the aggregate of which I have no means of reach-
ing, but I know it is immense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary of the
Treasury speaks simply of what appears on the
books of his office, nothing more. I know it of
his own mouth, for I asked such a question, how
much is our indebtedness ? He gave me the
amount. Said I, "how much unliquidated,float-
ing debt?" He replied, " how should I know? I
have no means of telling."
Mr. HARRIS. He stated to me in addition that
lie supposed there was not to exceed $20,000,000
of indebtedness now in the process of liquidation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In process of liquidation
—that may be,
Mr. HARRIS. There is no use in deceiving
ourselves about this thing. I have heard so much
clamor here about spending two or three millions
a day, that I want the truth to be known.
Mr. GRIMES. The truth is, there are none
of us who know anything'about it. We can come
within a hundred millions of it, probably, and not
nearer.
Mr. HARRIS. That is near enough.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose for all practical pur-
poses thatis near enough. The Senator asks me
whether I believe the war will be more expensive
the next twelve months than the last. I think it
will be quite as expensive, and for this reason:
you have got to support a large army in New Or-
leans, or in that vicinity; you have got to employ
an immense amount of shipping in transporting
supplies of provisions and troops, bringing home
the sick ones, and carrying well ones; you have
got to do the same thing at Mobile; the same
thing at Galveston, and at various other southern
ports, unless, in the mean time, peace is declared;
but if we continue the war during the next twelve
months, it will be quite as expensive, I think, in
supporting an army at that distance from us.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to ask the Senator, in
whose judgment on such questions I have very
great confidence, whether or not, as a matter of
sound policy, it would not be quite sufficient for
us in the present state of things, uncertain as we
are in relation to the amount of debt we are to
incur, to provide for the payment of the interest
on $1,000,000,000? If it should happen that it
should go above that sum, of which 1 have not
much expectation, when we come together again,
in December, we could provide for the interest on
this increased debt. If we provide for the payment
of the interest on £1,000,000,000 and the expenses
of the Government, will not that do pretty well?
Is not that a sufficient burden to throw on the peo-
ple just at this time? I agree with the Senator
from Ohio, we are to meet ail our pledges, and wis
have pledged the faith of th  Government that it
will raise a'sinking fund, and we must add I
$10,000,000 for that, no doubt, and that is suffi-
cient, I suppose, to meet the obligations of the
Government with respect to a sinking fund. If
we raise money enough to pay the interest on
$1,000,000,000, twice as much as our liquidated
debt now, and provide for a sinking fund of
$10,000,000, and meet the expenses of the Gov-
ernment,! think we oughttobe satisfied with that.
I have no doubt the public will be satisfied with
that, and I think that is all we ought to do.
- Mr. GRIMES. The people that I represent
decided that question about six years ago when
theyestablished a newconstitution, in which they
declared that no debt should be created unless
there was a provision coupled with the act cre-
ating it by which steps should be taken for its
speedy repayment; and it is their expression of
opinion that I desire to represent, as well as my
own, on this subject. I feel exactly in regard to
the creating of public indebtedness as the gen-
tleman, who is now President, said, a few years
ago, the people of this country felt in regard to
slavery. He said they were perfectly satisfied
when they believed it was in the process of ulti-
mate extinction; and so will I feel, and so will the
people that I represent feel. They will be satisfied
in paying taxes if they believe by paying them
they are not only carrying on this war, but grad-
ually getting out of the debt; because the agricul-
tural people that I represent are not interested in
the continuance' of a large public debt. On the
contrary, they want to have us recur to the first
principles of the founders of this Government,
and be entirely exempt from debt.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I can appreci-
ate the motives which,perhaps unconsciously, in-
fluence those who represent a great agricultural
people. I feel, myself, that that class of our citi-
zens are going to escape this tax very lightly in-
deed. It is said, to be sure, they are the great
consumers; but, after all, that does not satisfy my
mind on that question. I cannot understand it.
I do not think they are the great consumers. Now,
sir, take this tax bill from first to last, and its
Operation is to exempt that class of people from
the burdens of this tax. Look at the income tax.
Every man is taxed upon his income wheh it ex-
ceeds §600. How many farmers will pay an in-
come tax? Here is a farmer perfectly independ-
ent, worth his eight or ten or fifteen thousand
dollars, and he will not pay one cent of income tax.
On the contrary, here, in our cities, is a merchant's
clerk, or a clerk in one of our factories, who has
a salary of $1,500, who will pay an income tax
on §900. He will not have, at the end of the year,
one cent-, but is obliged to practice the strictest
economy, and is not worth a dollar in the world,
and yet he will have to pay an income tax on $900.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the proportion of
those clerks in the city of New York to the me-
chanics whose salaries are less than six hundred
dollars?
Mr. HARRIS. I was going to say a mechanic
who gets two dollars a day and is employed by a
master mechanic will not have to pay any tax;
but any mechanic in our cities who receives over
two dollars a day will have to pay an income tax.
A large number of mechanics in our large towns
will be obliged to pay a tax on incomes, when a
farmer worth $10,000 is not to pay one cent. These
mechanics, these clerks, are as great consumers
as the farmers; and yet it has been voted here by
a pretty emphatic vote that this direct tax which
is the only tax on the agricultural portion of the
country, the landed interest of the country, shall
be repealed. This tax is going to operate very se-
verely upon the commercial interests of the coun-
try and very lightly upon the agricultural interest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 should like to inquire what the
reduction was. We misunderstood the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
has been carried and declaied to be a vote. It is
too late to reach it in committee. It is a passed
subject and not in oider.
Mr. DA VMS. 1 supposed it was no harm to
know what tlui amount ofit was, because I wanted
to move a reconsideration.
1 lie VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
to move a leconsideration.
