1514
THE CO.NGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Mr. HORTON moved to amend by striking
out all' after the word " lives," at the end of the
first paragraph, and inserting in place thereof as
When the amount insured shall not exceed $1^000, twen-
tv-flve cents; exceeding !j£l,000, and not exceeding f^5,p00,
fifty eentji; exceeding $5,000, one dollar.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by my friend
here to move that the committee rise. I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government and pay
interest on the public debt, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
EMANCIPATION.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table House joint resolution No. 48,
declaring that Congress ought to cooperate with,
affording pecuniary aid to, any State which may
adopt the gradual abolishment of slavery. The
Senate have made an amendment to the title,
striding out the word " Congress," and inserting
the words " United States." I ask the House to
concur in the "Senate amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the House
adjourn.
!rhe motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and thirty-five minutes, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 3,1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. I
Mr.KENNEDY presented the memorial of one
hundred and forty-three tobacco planters of the
State of Maryland, remonstrating against the pro-
posed tax of three cents per pound upon leaf to-
bacco when ill the lnmds of the producer; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance,
Mr. WILMOT. 1 present resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania on the subject of the
defenses of the river Delaware, which I ask lo
have read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Executive Chamber, n.vrjusBcita, runssytvasxa,
March 37, 1863
Sib: f have the honor to transmit heiewitli a copy of
resolution adopted by the Lept-biturc of tins State, agree-
ably to tire lequnenionts ol's.ud loolunon.
Most respcetfullv, your obedient ^eivant,
A. G. OU11TIN, Governor*
Hon. IIannibal IIahlik,
President of the United States Senate.
Resolution relative to thp defenses of the Delawme river
and bay and tlie harbors thereof.
Resolved by I he Senate and House of Rcpresenlatircs of
the Commonwealth oj Pennsylvania m: Gcncud ^ssembli/
■met, That it is the sonse of the people of this Ktatc that it
is due to the Ricat national interests involved in the navi-
gation of the Delauatc, and opeciaily due to the patuot.c
and loyal people who have contribuTd so hugely to the
genciai defoi^o, that no time should he lost hi piovidmg
such securities lor their monopoly and the great mteiesis
connected theiewith, m >hal\ remove all apptdiciisiou of
injury fiom bidden invasion b} eithei dome&uc orfiuugu
enemies. , , , ,
Sec. a. That looking to the daiisre^ by which omliaiboi
was so recently threatened on oui >ea-hoaid fiontiei tiom
the introduction of new and fotmidable means of maritime
offense, it is the opinion of tins Legislature that the imme-
diate: construction of one 01 moie non-clad gunboats, or
such other means of defend" a< may be adequate to the oc-
casion, is an essentia) inea-mre of precaution toi the pro-
tection ot the city ot i'hiladelphia and all the. uupoiiant
region of eountvv bordenng upon the Delauaie.
Sec. 3. That m ca^e of any difficulty .uismg out of the
possible pecuniary embarrassment of the Crucial Oovem-
inent5 ihe Slate of Pi nu^lvania will lend its ciodit in aid
thcicof Im such piopoition of any cxpendituie winch may
be requued for the purposes afotoaui, not exceeding
$1.000,U00, as would correspond with h<'\ lederal numbeis
a* compiiied with the other States bounding upon the tame
national iu?lm ay,and especially intcies>ted with iteiself 111
the protection theieof.
Sec. 4. That the Governor hf* requested to forwaid a
copy of the^-f n^oiutions to the President of the United
States, and ui-o to the lVaiiimg Officers of both blanches
of Congress, with the roquet that the same may be laid
befoie their xespectivc bodies ; and that his Excellency the
Governor and the chairman of the Committee on Fedeial
Relations "of the Senate and House respectively beiequestod
to proceed in person to the Federal capital with a view to
a eonfcrcnce with the proper Departments and the nppio-
priate committees of Congress in relation thereto.
1 JOHN HOWE,
Sneaker of the House of Representatives.
* G..V. LAWRENCE,
Speaker of the Senate pro tempore.
Approved the 26th day of March, anno Domini 1862.
A. G. CURT1N.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTJLE. I have received, and been
requested to present, resolutions of the Legislature
of Wisconsin, which 1 ask to have read, piinted,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The Secretary read, as follows.
Resolution requesting Senators and Representatives m Con-
gress to oppose any stamp tax on newspapers, or any m-
teidiction office exchange.
Resolved by the Senate, the Assembly concurring, That our
Senatois and Repiescntatives in Congress be respectfully
lequestcd to oppose the parage by Congiess of any actim-
poking a stamp tax on newspapers, oi the interdiction of
lree exchange.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution bo transmitted
by the Governor to each of oui Senators and Representa-
tives in Congiess.
J. W. BEARDSLEY,
Speaker oj the Assembly.
ED WARD SALOMON,
President of the Senate.
Approved, February 15,1862.
u LOUIS P. HARVEY.
State of Wisconsin, Secretary's Office, ss:
The Secrctruy of State of the State of Wisconsin hereby
certifies that the foregoing icsolution has been compared
with the oiigiurilemoUed resolution deposited in this otlico,
and that the some n a true and correct copj thereof and of
the whole of such oiigmal.
In witness whereot, I have hereunto set ni> hand and
r , affixed the great f-eal of the State, at the o;ipttol,
S,J m Madison, tins 17th day of Febiuaty, A. D. 18C2.
EDWARD ILSLEV,
•Assistant Secretary of State.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and oideied to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
Pedro Chaboya, praying Congress to authorize
the Supreme Court of the United States to adjudi-
cate and decide upon his claim to a tract of land
m California called Posa de San .Tuan Bautista,
together with a bill (S. No. 106) to authoiize the
Supreme Court of the United Statts to adjudicate
and decide upon its merits the case now pending
therein of Pedro Chaboya against the United
States, reported the bill, with an amendment, and
submitted a report; which was oidered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
citizens of New Jersey, praying for the passage
of a law to prevent all further traffic in and mo-
nopoly of the public lands, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, the homestead bill
having been reported; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of citizens of Wisconsin,
lemonstiniing against any diversion of the north-
eastern land grant in that State, asked to be dis-
charged from"its further consideration, the com-
mittee having reported a joint resolution adverse
to the petition; which was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
Mr. HALE. There was laid upon the table
the other day, while I was out, a communication
m answer to a resolution of mine calling oil the
Secretary of the Interior for information in 1 ela-
tion to the slave b&rk Augusta. I move that those
papers be printed. Let the motion be referred to
the Committee on Printing. .
It was so referred.
PUBLIC LANDS IN KANSAS AND NEBRASKA.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate of March 14, 18G2, directing- them to in-
i quire into the expediency of taking measures to
! fuel 11 Lite the surveys of the public lands in the
i State of Kansas and Territory of Nebraska, have
I had the same under consideration, and after full
| investigation cannot recommend any additional
| appropriation for this purpose for the fiscal year
1 ending June 30, 1S63. 1 move that the leport of
the committee and the accompanying papers be
printed, and that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The report of the Commis-
sioner shows the amount of lands surveyed in
Kansas and Nebraska; but the greater part of the
suiveys has been in Nebraska and not in Kansas,
and though it shows some seventeen millions of
acres of surveyed land that have not been sold,
they are not in Kansas. Nebraska is about three
times-as large as Kansas,and I do not understand
why we should not have lands surveyed in Kansas,
although they may not need surveys inNcbraska.
When this report of the Commissioner is printed,
there may be some action taken on it.
SURRENDER OF SLAVES BY THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I submit a
resolution, which I shall call-up to-morrow or
Monday:
Resolved, Tlrat tile Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia bo <luect<4to consider and report whether any
further k'srislntinn is necessary to prevent persons employed
in the military sei vice of the United States from aiding iu the
return oi eohtiol over persons claimed as fugitive slaves,
and to pmush them therefor.
HARPER'S PERRY ARMORY.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer a resolution which may
lie on the table to be called up hereafter:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia inquire into the present condition ofHarper's
Feny atmoiv, Jefterton county, Viigitua. what damage has
linen ilone thereto dunn? the existing rebellion, by whom, ..
and by what authority, the value of the United States piop-
eity there in us pier-eat condition, the amount of money
ni.nc- ■ aiy to repair the said damage, and whether it is ex-
pedicntto icpau and lestoie the said armory to be employed
a* heictofore; and that said committee repoit by bill or
otheiwise.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 258) to cieate aBuieau of Clotjiing;
which was lead Uvicc by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAYIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 73) declaring the purposes for which the pros-,
ent war for the suppression of rebellion is prose-
cuted to be to maintain the Constitution and to
preserve the Union; which was read, and passed
to a second reading, and ordered to lie on the table.
MESSAGE 1'ROJI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate (No. G8) to authorize the President to assig;n
the command of troops in the same held or de-
partment to officers of the same grade, without
regard to senioi ity.
INVULNERABILITY OF SHIPS.
M r. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 59) authorizing tile Secre-
tary of the Navy to test plans and materials for
rendering ships and floatingbattcriesmvulnerable,
to reportthe same back, with a single amendment,
striking out " fifty" and inserting " twenty-five;"
and if the Senate will indulge me, I should like
to have it considered now. It is an important
matter, and 1 wish the Senate would pass it at once.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. Itau-
thorizes the Secretary of the Navy to expend a
sum not exceeding §50,000, for the purpose of
testing plans and mateiials for rendering ships or
floating batteries invulnerable.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs is to strike out " fifty " and insert " twenty-
five;" so that the clause will read, " a sum not
exceeding $95,000," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the resolution
to be read a third time. It was read the third time,
and passed,
CUMBERLAND AND CONGRESS.
Mr. HALE. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 256) for the relief of
the widows and orphans of the officers, seamen,
