1862.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
and marines of the United States ships Cumber-
land and Congress, have instructed me to report
the same back, with aiecommendation thatitpass;
and as this is the same provision thathasuniformly
been made by the Government to the widows of
seamen and officers in a similar condition, I hope
the Senate will pass the bill now.
There being; no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the widow, or child, or children, and in case
there shall be no widow, or child, or children, the
parent or parents, and if there be no paients, the
brothers and sisters of the officers, seamen, and
marines, and others in service, that were lost in
the United States ships Cumberland and Congress,
(includingcaptain'sclerks) shall bo entitled to and
shall rcceive a sum equal to twelve months' pay
of their respective deceased relations, m addition
to the pay due to the deceased at the date of the
loss of the vessels.
Mr. HALE. I will state that this is no extraor-
dinary provision. The same provision was made
for (he widows and children of the officers and
seamen of the Levant, which perished at sea. This
was a most gallant action on the pait of the offi-
cers and seamen of the Cumberland and Congress,
but we have not made any extra allowance. It is
the usual allowance where ships are lost at sea by
any mischance or accident.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. POMEROY. Some days ago I made a
motion to reconsider the vote by which a bill was
passed in reference to the payment of pensions to
the children of deceased widows of officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary war. I understood
the bill was not in the possession of the Senate at
the time, but was in the House of Repiesenta-
tives. I then made a motion to have it returned.
In the mean time the bill has been enrolled and
sent to the President, I believe. 1 understand it
is too late now to enter the motion to leconside.r.
If that is so, I withdraw the motion and suggest
that the bill bo returned to the House of Repre-
sentati ves.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
?that the bill (H. II. No. 318) to prohibit the allow-
ance or payment of pensions to the children of
ofiiceis and soldiers of the war of the Revolution
be returned to the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
STEAMSHIP LINK TO CHINA.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to postpone all prior
ordeis for the puipose of piocefding to the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 75) to establish a
line of steam mail ships between San Fiancisco,
in California, and Shanghai, in China, touch nig at
the Sandwich Islands and Japan. I will slate, in
making this motion, that I merely propose to gut
the bill up and postpone it to some future day, at
which time I shall wish to address the Senate upon
it; and in doing so I will also state that if, at the
time to which it may be postponed, (in case the
Senate shall so far indulge me,) it interferes with
any appropiiation bills, or the confiscation bill, or
those measures which I know the Senate has at
heait, I-, of course, shall give way and not press it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I now move that the further
consideration of the bill be posfpoiud until next
Thursday at one o'clock, and be the special order
for that hour.
The motion was agreed to, (two thirds concur-
ring therein.)
OATII OP ALLEGIANCE TO CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a little hill here that j
it is better the Senate should act upon early than |
late, repoi ted from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations—Senate bill No. 229. I move that it be
taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
229) to provide for the administration of the oath
of allegiance to American citizens m forei^fi coun-
tries was considered asm Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require every cihzen of the United
States in foreign countries, before receiving a pass-
port, or any authentication thereof, from any rep-
resentative of the United States abroad, dining
the continuance of the present rebellion, to take
the oath or affirmation of allegiance and the oath
or affiimation to support the Constitution of the
United States, as prescribed to pei sous in the civil
service of the United States by the act of Congress
approved August 6, 1861, and it authorizes the
representatives of the United States abroad, now
empowered to issue or authenticate passports, to
administer such oath or affirmation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
IIUGII II. HOWARD.
On motion of Mr. NESMITH, the bill (S. No.
219) gran ting an invalid pension to Hugh H. How^
ard, of Hockingport, State of Ohio, was read the
second tune and consideied as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Hugh H.
Howard, a soldier in the Oregon war, upon the
pension roll, and allow him a pension at the rate
of eight dollars a month fiom the 1st day of Jan-
uary, I860.
Mr. THOMSON. If there is a report in that
case, I should like to have it read.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Foster, from the Committee on Pensions, which
states that Hugh H. Howard wvas a regularly en-
rolled soldier in company I, first regiment of Oie-
gon mounted volunteers, enlisted for the term of
the war, or until discharged, as appears by the cer-
tificate of the adjutant general of Oregon Terri-
tory; that on the 28th day of October, 1855, near
a place called the Cascades, in the Territory of
Oregon, while actually in service and in the line
of his duty, (being about to escort and guard a
train of pack ammals en route to the Dalles,)
while mounting his horse his gun was accident-
ally discharged, fiacumno his shoulder so that
his left arm became entirely useless, and wound-
ing his leg so that amputation became necessary.
It appears fiom the surgeon'h certificate that the
petitioner is totally disabled from obtaining his
subsistence. The committee ate of opinion that
the petitioner is entitled to a pension for a total
disability.
Mr. NESMITH. The papers in this case were
voluminous, setting forth all the facts. They
were submitted to the Committee on Pensions,
and that committee reported the bill. The facts
are stated in the report. This young man How-
ard, being then in Oregon, enlisted m company I,
first reginicntOiegou mounted volunteei s, m 3855.
In the dischaige of his duty he was accidentally
shot and lost his leg; at the same time ho was
thrown from his horse and his shoulder was dis-
located. lie was formei ly in fine physical health;
but now he has entirely lost his health. Ampu-
tation became neces.saiy. lie was an object of
chanty, supported in Oregon three or four years
by contributions, and finally, by public contribu-
tion, funds woie raised to send him home to his
friends m Ohio, and he is now living on their char-
ity. He is rendoiyd perfectly incapable of per-
foiming any sort of labor. The facts are sub-
stantially set fot fh in the report. I move to amend
the bill by inserting, after the word " Oregon," the
word " Indian-," and after the word " war," the
words " of 3855 and 1856;" so as to make the bill
read, " a soldier in the Oregon Indian war of 1855
and 1856," in order to lender this description
more certain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This seems to be a very
meritorious case; and if it comes within the law
or custom of the Government with reference to
pensions, I, of couise, make no objection to it;
but I should like to know under what rule it
conies. Were these volunteers mustered into the
service of the United States at all, or were they
called out by the authority of Oregon?
Mr. NESMITH. In answer to the Senator, I
will state that those volunteers were called into
service m response to a requisition made by the
commanding officer of the United States forces m
Oicgon, for the defense of settlers against the in-
cursions of hostile Indians m 1855. This young
nun was regularly mustered into service, was
wounded and lost his leg while in the service.
The war has since been recognized by the United
States, and the troops paid for their services.
There is not any general law under which this
application comes, except under the genera! prin-
ciple that a man who is wounded m the service,
and rendered incapableof obtaining his livelihood,
shall rcceive some sort of remuneratioft from the
Government. That is the rule untfer which the
application comes. I know of no Jaw that applies
to the case. This bill was introduced for;the
purpose of applying a remedy to that state of the
case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lias there been any pre-
cedent for giving pensions by the Government of
the United States m similar cases ? I merely ask
for information.
Mr. POWELL. I served on the Committee
on Pensions, and I think there are many prece-
dents of pensions being granted for services in
this very same war. That is my recollection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
MONTHLY PAYMENT OP TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I find four
or five bills on the orders here that I wish to get
rid of, and I want to call them up and move their
indefinite postponement. I do notlike to see them
here on the Calendar. I move to take up House
bill No. 88, providing for the monthly payment of
the troops. -The Committee on Military Affairs
reported it adversely, and I desire to have it indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion to take tip the bill was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,pro-
ceeded to consider it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
its indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY AND VOLUNTEER MILITIA.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Now I move
to take up the Senate biil No. 70, for the same pur-
pose. The substance of the bill has been incor-
porated in another measuie.
The motion was agi ecd to; and the Senate, as in
Commits o of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 70) in relation to the Army and vol-
unteer militia of the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to
MILITARY ARRESTS OP FUGITIVES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up Senate bill No. 126, a bill in relation to
the arrest of persons claimed to beheld to service
or labor by the officers of the military and naval
service of the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move its
incU finite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds further, I wish to ask him whether he is
gQing to leave any of these military bills on the
Calendar. He stated a short time since that he
should have ope very soon on which I could intro-
duce an amendment that I had proposed to another
bill in reference to stopping further enlistments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think that
by to-morrow or next day we shall get a bill be-
fore the Senate on which the Senator can offer that
amendment. I think we shall have it to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN.- Very well.
ARTICLES OF WAR.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up Senate bill No. 152, to amend the fifty-
fifth article of the first section of the act of the 10th
of April, 1806, anil the second section of the same,
with the intention of moving its indefinite post-
ponement.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
<SALE OF GOODS BY TV Alt DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to take up the joint resolution (H. R. No. 46) re-
lating to sale of goods unfit for use by the War
Department. The Committee on Military Affairs
unanimously reported against its passage.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution.
