1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
MrJWlLSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
itrbe indefinitely postponed.
-The motion^ was agreed to.
OBGANIZATION OS A NATIONAL GUARD.
- Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to take up Senate bill No. 5, for the organisation
of a volunteer militia force to be called the national
guard of the United States. This bill was intro-
duced at the called session, and was postponed to
the first Monday in December of the present ses-
sion. The Committee on Military Affairs reported
a substitute for the bill as an amendment. What
I desire to do, with the consent of the Senate, is,
to adopt the substitute in lieu of the original bill,
and then recommit the whole subject to the com-
mittee. I think* we can improve the substitute,
and I should like to get it into the ha-nds of the
committee.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move, with-
out*reading, if the Senate will consent to it, that
the amendment proposed by the committee be
adopted; and then that the bill as amended he re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs
for further consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is now
before the Senate, and the question is on agreeing
to the amendment repoiied by the committee.
The amendment will be read at length.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If anybody
objects to the course 1 suggested, I will not ask it.
I thought it would simplify the matter before the
committee very much if tlnwunendment, which is
a great improvement on the original bill, should
be adopted, and then the bill be recommitted; but
if there is any objection to it, I wili not ask il.
However, I do not think it is worth while to read
the amendment.
•The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts
that the reference of the bili carries with itall sub-
stitutes and all amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well.
Then I move its reference to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
BIIITISII SHIP PERTHSHIRE.
Mr. SUMNER. There are one or two orders
on the Calendar which I should like to have dis-
charged in the same way; and, with that view, I
move to take up Senate bill No. 11G, for the relief
of the owner of the British ship Perthshire.
The motion #as agreed to.
Mr, SUMNER. A House bill on the same
subject has already been passed, and [ therefore
move the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ARREST OF MESSRS. MASON AND SEIDELL.
Mr, SUMNER. There is a special order for
January G, lbo'J, which I find was made on my
motion, and I now move that it be discharged, and
that the subject be indefinitely postponed. It is
this:
" On motion by Mr. Sumneb, that the message of the Pres-
ident, with the correspondence between Secretary of Stale
and authoiitie* of Great Britain aud France, m lelation to
the airest of Messrs. Ma-on and Shdell upon the Liuti>h
mail steamer Trent, be letened io the Committee on For-
eign Relations."
I move that this special order, made specially
for January G, 1802, be discharged, and that the
whole subject be indefinitely postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first mo-
tion is unnecessary, inasmuch as the time having
passed, it is no longer a special order. The Sen-
ator moves that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of that subject.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now be-
fore the Senate,and subject to motion. Does the
Senator move the indefinite postponement of that
motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is a resolution in
the order of business that has no further office,
and I move that it be indefinitely postponed. It
is a resolution introduced by myself, during the
time of the late Secretary, asking for information
relative to any rule adopted by the War Depart-
ment for the appointment of officers of the Army.
i ask that that resolution be taken up and indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Whereas it is represented t^the Senate by Senators, that
the honorable the Secretary of War has refused to enter-
tain oi consider the subject of appointments to he made to
the Armv, until the Army appointments already sent to the
Senate shall have been acted upon :
Resolved, That the honorable Secretary of War be di-
rected to infoini the Senate whether or not any such rule
has been adopted in his Department, and if &o, iiis reasons
therefor, also bis authonty.
" Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that it be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be remembered that to-
day was set apart by special assignment for the
transaction of business relating to the District of
Columbia. As there is a bill now left as the un-
finished business of yesterday that pertains spe-
cially to this District, I am content that the Senate
should go on with that bill if the understanding
be that it shall be followed by the business that
the Committee on the District of Columbia have
specially in hand. I should like to have an un-
derstanding of that kind, and then I wish to give
way to the Senator from Maine to call up his bill,
if there is no objection to that understanding.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not believe there will be
any objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I therefore move that the spe-
cial assignment for to-day be made the ordir of
business following the vote on the bill No. 108.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest that that would follow under the
special order assigning tins day for District busi-
ness without a motion.
Mr. GRIMES. But if it goes over until to-
morrow it will lose its place. 1 wish to have it un-
derstood that if we finally get a vote on that bill
just before we adjourn, that then the other busi-
ness which would come up legitimately before the
Senate under the special assignment as it now
stands, shall be taken up to-morrow morning in
lieu of this morning.
Mr. MORRILL. The unfinished business being
a part of the business of the Disti ict of Columbia,
if we should proceed with it and finish it to-day,
still the general subject, I submit, will be before
the Senate,and therefore no motion is necessary.
The bill which is the unfinished business being
completed, and it being apart of the District busi-
ness, then we should continue the general busi-
ness of the District, the business of the special
assignment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-day is as-
signed by special resolution to business pertain-
ing to the District of Columbia, and if that busi-
ness shouhl not be completed it would require
another assignment of another day in order to
consider it in preference to other business.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to have an un-
derstanding that we shall go on with that busi-
ness to-morrow if to-day is entnely occupied with
the bill in relation to slavery in the District. I
presume tbete wiil be no objection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro ttmporc. The Chair
presumes it is sufficient for the Senator to indi-
cate his desire in that regard.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 10a, foi the release of ceitain persons held to
service or laboi in the District of Columbia.
Tiie PRESIDENT pr« tempore. The Chair
will take that to be thy sense of the Semite, as the
morning hour has very nearly expned, and that
being the unfinished business. That bill is now
befoie the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
J and the question is on the amendment moved by
the Senator from Ntw Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
to the original bill; and on that question the Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALLaddiessedtheSenate. [ILs
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] to the original
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The original bill is open to
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment to the original bill is now pending.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought the amendment
now pending was a substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshiie has moved a substitute to
the bill; but the original bill and the substitute
being open to perfection, the Senator from New
Hampshire himself has moved a separate amend-
ment to the original bill, which is the pending
question.
Mr. CLARET. I desire to say in reference to
the inquiry of the Senator from Massachusetts,
that I have moved to strike out the second section
of the original bill, and to insert the second sec-
tion of the substitute, so that I mightperfectthis
bill and get some provisions upon it that are in
the substitute, if I do not get the substitute itself
adopted. This amendment is only in regard to
what the petition shall contain, making it more
specific. «
Mr. TEN EYCK. I_do not rise at this time
for the purpose of making a speech, yet I trust
the Senate will extend to me their indulgence for
a few minutes while I submit my views, paitly
on the measure before the Senate, and partly to
make an explanation. I think they will accord
to me their attention, although this debate has been
protracted and they are impatient for a vote. I
am myself very impatient for a v-ote.
I shall vote, if the question^feomes to that, for
the hill reported by the Committee on the District
of Columbia as it has been amended. 1 should
have preferred, and I say it frankly, a bill some-
thing like the one offered as a substitute by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Wright.] I approve
ofitsgeneralfeatures. 1 think it might be amended
m several particulars, and should be amendt d in
several particulars in order to make itaccotd with
the present existing state of things. But, sir, I
favor the idea of gradual emancipation upon a vote
of the people of this District, accompanied with
proper remuneration to the loyal owners of the
persons proposed to be set free.
In 185S a worthy, honest, and distinguished
gentleman of Illinois, in many speeches, and es-
pecially in a speech delivered by him at Freuport
in August of that year, in answer to certain ques-
tions piopounded to him by another distinguished
citizen of that State who is unhappily now no
more, declared his views on this subject. This
question was put to him:
" 4. I want to know whethoj he ^tand^ to-day pledged to
the abolition of slavery in the Distuct of Columbia?"
The answer was:
"The fomih one h in regairl to the abolition or* slavery
in the District of Columbia, fn relation to that f have m'v
mind very distinctly nude up. I should be exeeiuhn-ilyiihid
to see slaveiy nboh-hed in the District of Colmnhn 1 be-
lieve that Congress po^se-se^ the constitutional power to
abolish it. Yet, a< a number of Con^re-s, [ -hould not,
wall my present view-, by in favoi of end< avounsjto ahol-
i-h sWvety in ihe !)i-4net of Columbia unless it would be
upon these condition** Fust, that the abolition should be
gtaduai; second, that it should he on a vote of th" m<ijoi i;y
of qualified voters in the Dull let; and, thud, that eetnpen
sauon should beniade to unwillinir owneis. With tne^e
three conditions, I confess 1 would be exceedingly eiad to
see Confess aboliMi slavetv'm the DNti;ct ot Columbia,
and in the language of ilenty Clny, k sweep from our cap-
ital that foul blot upon our nation.' "
Sir, I fully accord and agree with the sentiments
contained in tins answer. The three leading ideas
are, gradual emancipation, compensation to un-
willing owners, and the submission of the ques-
tion to the lawful voters of the District to be
affected thereby. Such is the gcneial character
of the bill proposed by the Senatorfrom Indiana.
Nay. if 1 am not incorrecilv informed, the imil is
almost an exact copy of a bill introduced m the
House of Representatives m 1S48 by tho gentle-
man to whom I havn already made allusion: and
I hope that the Senatoi will modify his amendment
or substitute to the bill, so as to make it accord
with the existing: state of affairs.
In June, 1660—but two ycais following these
discussions to which 1 ha\e made allusion—one
of the fetrgest, moat lespectaUc, and intelligent
conventions uf a political character, and perhaps
of any other character, ever assembled in this
country, composed m patt ol*Senators who now
have and othuis who then had seats upon this
floor, met in convention at Chicago; and there,
after having established a platform, m which,
among other things, they declared that the object
