1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2477
Mr. TRUMBULL called for a division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. Adivisiori will show the wantofaquorum,
anil that is what the Senator is aiming at.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
it is necessary that I should make a reply to the
last remark of the Senator from Maine as to what
my object is. 1 have stayed here quietly through
this whole day, and I have stayed here under a
very strong impression that our staying would
accomplish nothing. It has been persisted in that
.we should remain. I have sat quietly in my seat;
I have not consumed time; I have simply voted
when my name was called. I have been satisfied
for the last two or three hours that we were stay-
ing here unnecessarily. Every one must have
seen that this bill was not to be passed to-night.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is not expected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator says he does
not expect to pass it to-night; still he is staying
here and spiting himself. What do we gainWe
are making no progress in bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have made a great
deal to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very little.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A good many amend-
ments have been passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; a good many amend-
ments have been passed, and the re are a good many
pending, and a great deal of time has been taken
up in regard to them. I think there is no quorum
in the Senate; there may be about the building;
and if we are to pass upon the bill certainly there
should be a quorum here. If there is not a quo-
rum let us know it, for although I am willing to
remain as long as the Senator from Maine or any
one else, I am not disposed to stay here with less
than a quorum to do business. If I stay here I
want enough to stay with me to form a constitu-
tional quoiumtodo business. 1 am not in the
habit of leaving the Senate, and if a majority of
the body insist u pen going nil with the bill' to-night
I am willing to stay, but I want enough to stay to
make a quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to say that
I think we have accomplished a great deal by stay-
ing. We have done a great deal of business; we
have passed upon a great many important ques-
tions which we must necessarily have passed upon
at some time or other; we have been making pro-
gress. Thismormngldid nutexpectthat we should
finish the bill to-night; I do not expect it now;
but I am anxious to get it out of Committee of the
Whole and to get through with such amendments
as we have been acting on. Time must be spent.
It is better to spend part of it to-day than have it
all thrown into next week. I lesolved in my own
mind that I would urge 110 argument to the Senate
about passing tlie bill. I have done with that.
I content myself with calling for the yeas and
navs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania if he will not withdraw this amend-
ment. and move it again when it comes into the
Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania did not call for a division; it was the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. ANTHONY. But if the Senator from
Penn&ylvau la will consent to withdraw his amend-
ment, I suppose the Senate will allow it to be
withdiawn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I can say to the Senator
from Rhode Island that there will be twenty
amendments yet.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well, then; we ought
to get through as many as we can to-night.
Mr. COWAN. I am willing to withdraw the
amendment for the present, if that will facilitate
bUTheSVICE PRESIDENT. It can be with-
drawn by unanimous consent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object. . _
The vice PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amend men t of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 1G, nays 10; as follows:
Anthony, Jliownini;, Cowan, Pavi*,
Booliitle Hall.in. HurlH Howe, MriJongnll. I'oaiC'ioy,
SmiMaiiy. innnam,, Sumner, Willcy, W.lmot, and U ,1-
Vie'"'-. Clark, Dixon, Fe^emlen, Foot, Foster,
Gnme< Ilowaiil, Kuis, Laneot Indiana, Latimm, Morrill,
Nesmitl'i, Powell, Sherman, Tmmbull, and Wngiit ft).
the service of the United States, corrector to June, 1862, of
J. Distumeil, at a price not to exceed 50 per copy, for the,
use of members and officers of the Senate, and to pay for
the same out of the contingent fund.
CLAIMS AGAINST CHINA.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That so much of the President's annua! mes-
sage as relates to the disposition of any surplus in the Treas-
ury, after satisfying the claims of American citizens against
China, pursuant to the awaids of the commissioners, under
the act of 3d March, 1859, be reterred to the Committee on
Foieign Relations, with instructions to consider if any
legislation is necessary to cairy out the recommendation of
the message.
NAYY RATION.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of adding to the
Navy rations now allowed by law the " Soyer Crimean
soup."
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 87) in regard to the act in favor of Anson
Dart, passed June 16, I860; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
GOVERNORS JOHNSON AND STANLY.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate copter of any commissions or
oidcih tiom Ins Department nudci hiking to appoint piovis-
innal Governor in Tennessee and North Caiolina, with the
instructions given to the Governors.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not stop now to con-
sider any question of the power to appoint Gov-
ernors of States. My object is different. Itisto
cull attention to an incident of peculiar interest and
importance. I have received from a quarter in
which 1 place confidence, a statement to the fol-
lovvingcfFec.tr thatone ofthe first acts ofMr. Stanly
on his atrival at Newbern, in North Carolina,
and assuminghis responsibleduties as provisional
Governor, was to announce that the school there
for the education of colored children, opened re-
cently by northern charity, must be closed, as it
was forbidden by the laws of North Carolina,
which he was instructed by the authorities at
Washington to maintain.
I have here an official report of this extraor-
dinary transaction:
<; in a convocation between Governor Stanly and Mr.
Col\er, the Governor stated Unit there was one thing in
j\Ii. C's doings, :ih superintendent ot the poor, a qucs-non
would be iaif« d about., indeed, it had b<*en already, and that
wa-s hi* tO.'O keeping school loi the blacks. • Ol course
you :u<: aware,' said the Govemoi, ' that the laws ot the
State make the opriunt! of such school?, a ciunm.U oflonse.
My instruction*? from vVa<lnngton weiethatl was to carry
out the luw«i ot Norih Caiolina piecw-ly as they were ad-
nunivteicd IxMoie the bie.iking out ot tins unhappy allairj
«o, if 1 wen: called upon for a decision in tin; matter or
voui schools lor the blacks, l would have to decide against
vou but at the same time i don't want anythni.ifilone ab-
luptiv. Asa man, I might do, pcthaps, as you have done,
but <h a Governoi I must act in my official capacity ac-
cording to my instructions, and administer the laws as 1
""A mi^co'in C. II MEN-DULL,
11' Clerk to Mr. Colycr.
ni.wbekn, j\r«i/28, 1862.
Then follows a further statement:
k' "Mi. C.C. Leigh, who was with General Saxton in the
Oriental, on lux way to So«tl^Ca'ohnd a, cm.M.M.tm
affent ot the National FreeUm-m'S Reliel Association, ai d
&£ tj |j ras s -
Joseph W. Dyer, Ansel L. Dyei\ and William
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a
quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER. I move thatthe Senateadjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 2, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, in response
to a resolution of the Senate of the 3()th of May,
calling for the official report of Brigadier General
Hooker, of the recent battles at Williamsburg,
stating that the report has not yet rcachcd the
Department; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles
and refuried:
A bill (No. 1) to divide the State of Pennsyl-
vania into three judicial districts, and to establish
a district court, to be holden in the city of Erie—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 490) to amend the act of Congress,
approved 22d of June, I860, entitled " An net to
carry into effect provisions of the treaties between
the United States, China, Japan, Siam, Peisia,
and other countries, giving certain judicial powers
to ministers and consuls or other functionaries of
the United States in those countries, and for other
purposes"—to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented it petition of citi-
zens of Salem, Richland county, Ohio, praying
for the adoption of measures necessary to secure
the enlargement of the locks of the Erie and Os-
wego canals to a size sufficient to pass vessels ad-
equate to the defense of the northern and north-
western lalus, pursuant to the provisions of the
act oftlie Legislatuie of New York, passed April
24, 186,2; which was lefeired to the Committee
on Naval Allan's.
Mr. WILMOT presented a petition of citizens
of Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying that pro-
vision ruay be made for the enlargement ofthe locks
of the Erie and Oswego canals, for the protection
of the northern lakes; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Allans.
Mr. SlJMNlill presented a petition of citizens
of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for the passage
 f a general uniform bankiupt law; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a petition of
the chiefs of the Delavvaie tribe of Indians m Kan-
sas, praying an issue of United States bonds in
lieu of bonds that have been abstracted from tlicin
by an agent, and on which no interest has been
paid since I860, and that an appropriation be made
to pay the interest on the same to the 1st day of
July, 3862; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Allans.
11EP0RTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, fiom the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
30o) changing the boundaries of the collection dis-
ti let of Milwaukee, m the State of Wisconsin, re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referied the petition of J. W\ Dyei, A. L
W. Dyer. The bill was lead and passed to a j
second reading, and the repoit was oidered to be ,
printed. , j
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee to Audit and i
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, ,
to whom was referred the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Wright on the 27th of May,
reported it adversely, and with a recomuienda-
,u!n that it be indefinitely postponed; which was ,
agreed to: |
"Resolved, That the Seeretaiyoftbe Senate be authored ;
and ifiieeted to puielmse  copies ofthe Blue Book, or
Official Register of Officer, Civil, MiUtaiy,  nd Naxal, in
'"'•MrLeigli is the chairman of our home committee.
ha;
If any person, in the name of the United States,
„„s undertaken to close a school loi little children,
whether black or white, it is important that we
should know the authority under which he has as-
sumed to act. Surely nobody here will be willing
to take the responsibility for such all act. It is
difficult to conceive that one of the first fruits of
national victories, and the reestablishment of na-
tional power, should be such an enormity, which
it is difficult to characterize m any terms of mod-
eration. Jefferson tells us that in a certain contest
there is no attribute of the Almighty which would
