2478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
 ot be against us. And permit me to say, that if,
in the war in which we are now unhappily en-
gaged, the military power of the United States is
to be employed in closing schools, there is no at-
tribute of the Almighty which must not be against
us; nor can we expect any true success. Sir, in
the nameof the Constitution, of humanity, and of
common sense, I protest against such an impiety
under the sanction of the United States.
The proper rule of conduct is simple. It will
be found in the instructions to which I referred in
debate the other day, from the British commis-
sioner in a conquered province of India. After
indicating certain crimes which were to be treated
with summary punishment, he proceeds to say:
"All other crimes you will investigate according
to the-forms of justice usual in the country, modi-
fied as you may think expedient; in all cases, you
will endeavor to enforce the existing laws and cus-
toms, unless where Iheij are clearly repugnant to rea-
son and equity." (See Elphinstoneto. Bedreechen,
1 Kneff's Privy Council Rep., 337.) Here is the
proper limitation. Anything else is unworthy of
a civilized country. Whatever is clearly repugnant
to reason and equity must be rejected. Surely
such a thing cannot be enforced. But what can
be more clearly repugnant to reason and equity
than the barbarous law which an officer, in the
name of the United States, has threatened to en-
force ?
The resolution was agreed to.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call up a bill
that is now lying on the table which has been
returned to us from the House of Representatives
with various amendments, in order that we may
concur in theamendnientsv I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed "to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 292) for the
collection ot direct taxes in msui'i'ectionary dis-
tricts within the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. DOOLI ri'LIi. I can state that theamend-
ments of the Hoiihc are mainly mere verbal
amendments, with the exception of two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be read.
The Secretary lead them. The first amend-
ment was in line twenty-two, section one, to
strike out the word " are," and inseit " is;"and
in line twenty-five, same section, to strike out
" arc," and insert " is."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in line thirty-five, of
the same section, to strike out all after the word'
"same," to the end of the section, in the follow-
ing words;
And in addition to the amount so clmrgrd on said Iandh,
there shall lie charged nil amount tmflicien! lo pay nil the
expenses to be incurred in collecting sueli tax, including
the mimics of all commissioners mid ofliceis almoin ted
under ihN net.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
And in addition theicto a penally of fifty nor cent, of
said tax shall lie charged theieon.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section two, line
two, to strike out the words " 15th day of June,"
and to insert " 1st day of July."
The amendment was concurred in.
_ The next amendment was in the same section,
line seven, after the word " tax," to insert " and
the same, together with the penalty, shall be a
lien thereon;" so that the clause will read:
The several lots or pai eels of lands -half beeomed charged
respectively with their respective portions of said direct
tux, and the same, together with the penalty, shall he alien
thereon without any othei or l'urthei pioeeedmg whatever.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section three, line
three, to strike out the word " thereafter," and to
insertafter the tax commissioners herein named
shall have fixed the amount;" so that it will read:
^at lt shall be lawful tor the owner or owners of said
low or paicels ot land, within sixty days altei the tax com-
pay^hc I'IX &c'' "°"U'a 6ha" Il!we "ltl''d Uui au,oum>t0
.The amendment was concurred in.
I he next amendment was in the same section,
line five, after the words « United States," to insert
' or to the commissioners herein appointed-" so
that it will read:
Into the Treasury of the United States or to the commis-
sioners herein appointed, and take a certificate thereof,
& c.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section five, lines
two and three, after thS words " United States,"
to strike out the words " by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate;" so that it will read:
That the President of the United States may appoint a
board of three tax commissioners.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On consultatio n with sev-
eral gentlemen, it is thought advisable to disagree
to that amendment of the House of Representa-
tives. The bill required that these commissioners
should be appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves that the Senate non-concur in
this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
section five the following proviso:
Provided, That said commissioners shall not receive nay
under the provisions of this act, until they shall have en-
tered upon the discharge of their duties.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in line two of section
seven, to strike out the words " may" and " au-
thorized," and to insert in lieu thereof, respect-
ively, the words "shall" and " required."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in line six of the same
section, after the word "town," to insert the
words " parish, district."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was m line twelve of the
same section, to strike out the word "or" after
the word "parish," and after "district" to in-
sert "or county."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in line sixteen of tho
same section, alter the word " bidder," to insert:
Foi a sum not less tli.iu the taxes, penalty, and costs, and
pci cent. pei annum intctest on said tax.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out all after !
iht> word " notice,'' in tiie seventeenth line of the '
same section, down to and including the word [
" ground," in line twenty-four, and in lieu thereof
to insert the word "and." The words to be j
stricken out arc as follows:
fn all cases where the owner of said lots or parcels of
ground shall not, oil or before the clay of sale, appear in per-
son bcfoie the said board ot* comnussioneis and pjiy the
amount of said tux, with ten percent, interest thereon, with
the cost of adveitising the same, or request the same to be
struck off t<> a purcliasei tor a less Mim than two thirds of
the assessed value of said several lots or paicels of ground.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in the same section,
after the word " bid," in line twenty-seven, to in-
sert the words " the same or."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in the same section,
line twenty-seven, to strike out all after the word
" sum," down to and including the word " bid-
der," in line twenty-nine, in the following words:
And in that case the same shall be struck off to the high-
er bidder.
So that it will read:
Strike oft'the same severally to the United States at that
sum, unless some person shall pay a larger sum, whoshail
on paving the purchase money in gold and silvei com, &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in the same section,
after the word " provided," in the thirty-seventh
line, to strike out the word " nevertheless."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in the same section,
after the word " ground," in line thirty-eight, to
insert:
Or any loyal person in the United States having any valid
hen upon or interest m the same.
So that it will read:
Provided, That the owner of said lots of ground or any
loyal person of the United States, having any valid hen or
uiteiest in the dame, may at any time, &,c.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WADE. I move that we concur in all the
otheramendments together. Nobody is attending :
to them. They are all right, I suppose. J
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to |
that in relation to all the amendments except one. I
There is one where the House added a section
construing the act which was passed last summer.
The section which they introduce is itself am-
biguous, and I desire to put a line further in that
section, which will make it clear. That is the
thirty-ninth amendment of the House. All the
rest I am satisfied are right, and ouglit to be con-
curred in.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Senate concur in all the
amendments, save the one alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, without reading. That
question will be put if there be no objection.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As to the thirty-ninth
amendment, I move that we concur in that with
an amendment to insert, in the seventh line, after
the word "dollars," the following words, " but
to exempt from taxation property of the value of
$500 or less." The thirteenth section of the bill
of last summer leaves it ambiguous whether you
exempt property worth more than $500, or whether
you exemptwhatis less. Those words will make
it clear.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in, as follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That tiie thirteenth section of
the act of August 5, 1861, entitled " An act to provide in-
creased revenue from impoita to pay interest oil tiie public
debt and tor other put poses," shall be so construed as not
to exempt from taxation property above the value of &500,
bur to exempt ftom taxation propeitv of the value of ^500
or less, owned by individuals, notwithstanding the provis-
ions of said act.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill of tho House (No. 189) for the sur-
vey of grants or claims of land.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
hills; which thereupon received the wgnature of
the Vico President:
A bill (S. No. 43) to prevent and punish fraud
on the part of officers intrusted with making of
contracts for the Government;
A bill (S. No. 272) to establish a land office in
Colorado Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 189) for the survey of grants
or claims of land;
A bill (H. R. No. 389) to establish certain post
routes, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 459) to allow the State of
California an additional Representative in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress; and
A hill (H. R. No. 476) abolishing certain col-
lection districts and reducing compensation of
officers of customs in California.
VICTORIES OF OUR ARMS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I send to
the Chair a dispatch received at the War Depart-
ment, which Senators desire to have read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Official Bulletin.
The following dispatches were received at the War De-
pal tment this morning, (June 2,1869:)
Haixecic's IIea.pquar.tcrs,
Department of the Mississippi,
Near Corinth, June 1, 1862.
To Hon. Edwin M. Stanton:
Tho following dispatch has been received from Major
Geneial Pope to Major Geneial flalieek •
It gives me gieat pleasuie to repojt the brilliant success
of the expedition sent out on theadth ultimo, with thesec-
ond Iowa eavahy After forced maiehcs, day and night,
through a veiy difficult country, and obstructed by the en
emy, he finally succeeded in reaching the Mobile and Ohio
railroad at Boon?vilJe, at two o'clock, a. m.,on the 30th. He
destroyed the tiack in many places, both north and south
of the town, blew up one culveit, destroyed switch and
track, burnt up the depot and locomotives and tram of
twenty-five cars loaded with supplies of every kind, de-
stroyed ten thousand stand of small arm?;, three pieces of
artillery, and a great quantity ol clothing and ammunition,
and paroled two thousand ptibouei* winch he could not
keep with hiscavahy. The enentvliad hcaid of lius move
ments, and had a nam of box cars and flat eais, riying ar-
tillery, and five thousand lntantiv, lumung up and down
the load to prevent him reaching it. The whole load was
lined tor several days with pickets. Colonel Elliott's com- •
inand subsisted upon meat alone, such a-? they could find
in the connti v. Foi daring and dispatch this expedition has
been distinguished in the Ingliestdegiee, and entities Colo-
nel Elliott and his command to high distinction. Its re-
sults will be embarrassing to the enemy, and contribute
