498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
The Constitution is my plea, Mr. Chairman,
and I interpose it in behalf of the loyal men of the
country and of non-combatants. You have no
right to violate any provision of the Constitution.
In behalf of the rebel I interpose no plea whatever.
I am not employed by him. I--could not be em-
ployed by him. If I could be, I would be but little
better than he. So far as the confiscation of his
property is concerned, that is a fair subject for
consultation among the friends of the Government
of the United States. I am willing to go into that
consultation; and when you come to a decision as
to what is to be done with him and his, I expect
to abide by that decision, whether it conforms to
my views or not.
I have nothing to say in behalf of the rebel. He
cannot plead the Constitution. He cannot plead
it, because if he were to plead any part of it in his
own behalf, he could not escapo from an acknowl-
edgment of the supremacy of the whole of it.
And if he cannot plead it in his own behalf, he
cannot plead it by another. When that subject
comes up, as I said before, it will be a fair subject
of consultation among the friends of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and whatever'conclu-
sion is reached will be supported by me. It is
true, I have some views of my own to submit as to
how the rebels are to be treated when they come
into our power, and at the proper time I shall have
no hesitation in expressing them freely among the
friends of the Government. But if my views
should not prevail, and the views of some other
gentlemen, although I may not deem them expe-
dient, should prevail, then I pledge myself—and I
think I may speak for those of my colleagues on
this floor who concur with me in sentiment—I say
I then pledge myself to acquiesce in that decision,
and to support it iti good faith.
The plea of " necessity" is the plea on which
you would decree emancipation, in violation of
the Constitution of the United States. What ne-
cessity? How does the distinguished statesman
from the neighborhood of Wheatland arrive at his
conclusions? How is it? How does he bring
himself to see that the necessity exists for doing
such violence to the rights of my people under the
"Constitution of the United States? Why, he sees
eight millions of white people in open rebellion
have four millions of laborers that they can keep at
home under the charge of the old men, the women,
and children to do the work, while all the strong
men go forth to the war. Well, sir, those eight
millions of men cannot furnish as many fighting
men for the field with their slaves at home as
twenty millions of men with no slaves. The bare
statement gf the proposition shows itsabsurdity.
Cannot the twenty millions of white people leave
as many at home, with the women and children,
to do the work, as the eight millions at the South
with their slaves, and stiil have ns many men to
go to tin; war? Sir, I repeat, the proposition car-
ries with it its own refutation with its mere state-
ment.
But then the gentleman says that if we take
away from them these four millions of slaves, it
will leave but eight millions to contend against us.
Now, I answer the gentleman that whenever you
have it in your power to take away their slaves,
the rebellion will then be at an end. How are
you going to take them away' By merely put-
ting ujion thastatute-book an act declaring them
free? Is that your plan, and do you think that
will be very efficacious? Why even the slaves in
Alabama know that such an act is unconstitutional,
and that it would have no effect. There is not
one among them who does not know that such a
record would be merely waste paper. They do
not understand the sublime plea of necessity,
which brings conviction upon that question, that
a law is constitutional because it is necessary.
They do not see it. Well, then, if the record of
such an will not take them from their masteis,
how will you do it? Whip their masters; whip
their armies. But when you have whipped their
masters you have put an end to the rebellion, and
the jilna of necessity no longer exists. Then you
wili have to come back to the Constitution of
Washington and Madison, under which your act
will be null and void. I repeat, you cannot put
such a law, passed under the plea of necessity,
into execution until you have defeated the rebel
armies, and put down the rebellion, and the plea
of necessity will have gone.
The able gentleman from the neighborhood of
Wheatland spoke of his colleague in this House
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wright J and called
him, I think, " the gentleman from Luzerne." I
did not know there was such a State. [Laughter.]
He called upon the gentleman from Luzerne, and
implored him to try and learn a little common
sense—I am not using his exact language, but that
was his idea. He wanted to know of his colleague
from Luzerne when'he would learn common sense,
or the power to appreciate a quotation of common
sense. Now, sir, his colleague from Luzerne
might retort, and ask him when, how, where he
exhibits any common sense in attempting to free
these slaves withoutgiving them the power to get
away from their masters. Where is the common
sense of that ? You propose to violate the Consti-
tution of the United States, as we think, because
you say it is absolutely necessary to do it in order
to quell the rebellion, while you have no power to
carry into effect the law until you have put down
the rebellion by other means. Is that common
sense ?
But the gentleman from the neighborhood of
Wheatland says: " Oh I for a six months' resur-
rection of old Andrew Jackson." Well, sir, of
what avail is that? Is there any common sense
in hoping for the happening of such an event as
that? "Oh! for a six months' r^purrection of
old Andrew Jackson. Give him but one hundred
thousand of the Army now under the control of
Abraham Lincoln, and he would march into the
South against five hundred thousand soldiers, free
the four millions of slaves," and he would be es-
corted back by the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Well, sir, that would furnish to
some gentlemen here the only chance they would
ever have to get into that country. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. Chairman, it is just as unjust as it is
unreasonable to expect any such thing. I say
here to-day, and I am willing my constituents
should hear me—though very few of them were
in favor of the election of Abraham Lincoln—that
with the exception of some unfortunate appoint-
ments, I do not believe that Andrew Jackson, or
any other man, would have done better than Abra-
ham Lincoln has done since he came into power-,
and it is very probable that any other man would
have made some unfortunate appointments. I do
not know why that declaration was made. Was
it made to prejudice the Administration with the
people, and thus weaken the Army and the Gov-
ernment for the prosecution of the war; or rather
more likely, wasit made for the purpose of intim-
idating the Administration into pursuing acourse
regarded by it as unconstitutional and unwise? I
am not here like the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, a cotemporary of Andrew Jackson! It is true
my hair is gray, but I am not a very old man. I
was not a voter in the time of Andrew Jackson.
[The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message in
wi-iling was received from the President of the
United States by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Sec-
retary.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed a
bill of the House (No. 219) amending the provis-
ions of the second section of the act of January 24,
1857, enforcing the attendance of witnesses before
committees of either House of Congress. "
The committee then resumed its session.]
Mr. MENZIES. I do not know that I should
have been a supporter of Jackson if I had been a
man in his day. t have read his history with
some pleasure, I have studied his character with
some degree of profit I hope, and with admiration.
I was from the time I became of age consistently,
constantly, and ardently a supporter of his great
rival; and since his great rival has been dead, in
the State of Kentucky, if you will allow me to say
it, his old enemies have crowded his old friends
out of sight in theii adulation of him; they have
crowded the old Clay Whigs out of the arena in
their eulogies of the memory of Henry Clay. And
it is very much the same with the memory of Jack-
son. The men who traduced him, who denounced
him when alive, more than all others, are now the
men who are willing to exclaim, if we could but
have the ghost of Andrew Jackson for a short
time in the place of the imbecile Abraham Lincoln,
how much better off we should be. Now, sir,
General Jackson was a man of energy. He was
a patriot. He did turn against his friends when
his friends turned against the Constitution of the
United States. He denounced them, and he would
have punished them, if it became necessary. If
General Jackson could be resurrected he would
be against these open rebels just as much as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens,] or
anybody else. He would act as efficiently against
them as he possibly could. And he would de-
nounce everybody who attacked the Constitution.
I do not think that it would be particularly con-
ducive to the safety of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania if he were alive this day.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Van
Ho^fi] says that we must make haste to set the
negroes free or the rebels will do it themselves,
and that then they will have the glory of it, and
not. us. He says that they are beginning to talk
about the thing themselves. He says that they
are putting themselves in a position to defeat us
on this question and to set the negroes free them-
selves. If I thought that there was any ground
for any such belief, I would wait and see them do
it. I would wait a little and let them do it, for it
would be an acknowledgment on their part that
they cannot contend with us with this incum-
brance upon them. It would have the same effect
as if the thing had.been done by ourselves.
But these gentlemen have fallen very rnudh in
love with authorities that, under ordinary circum-
stances, would seem not to have any weight with
them whatever. A newspaper somewhere in the
rebel section is the authority upon which they rely
for the principle that this rebellion would be weak-
ened by setting the negroes free.* If you can take
away the slaves from the rebels, it is positively
certain that you will have the rebellion pretty
nearly reduced. I do not doubt that. It reminds
me very much of the story known to all of us. It
is not an elegant illustration; and I make apology
for it in advance. A boy who wanted to catch a
bird, was told the only way for him to do it was
to put some salt upon his tail. The same power
that would enable him to put the salt upon his tail
would enable him to catch the bird. To put salt
upon thebird's tail, of course he would first have
to catch the bird. So with the four million slaves.
By the time that you have captured them and set
them free, the rebels will have been reduced to
subjection.
The power of Congress to liberate slaves be-
longing to loyal men does not arise from any plea
of necessity. I think that any reflecting man who"*
will allow chronic error and prejudice to depart
from him, will see that there is no necessity for so
doing. No such necessity exists. The men of
my State, more than one hundred and ten thou-
sand of them, arc loyal to the core, affd they are
ready to give all they have, slaves and all, to pre-
serve the Governmentof the United States under
the Constitution. But their energies and their
exertions would not be bettered by setting their
slaves free. When the Government of the United
States—the de facto Government of the United
States, for I admit that it will not be the consti-
tutional Government; when the de facto Govern-
ment comes to me and says, " here is $150, and
you must give me your negro," I might say that
" my ancestors helped to make the Constitution,
and helped to win the war which produced it; my
negro may be descended from the slaves of my
ancestor; that may be so, and I tell you that I am
holding him underthe Constitution and under the
Government of the United States. I tell you that
I am in the Union, and I intend to defend my
rights in the Union. You will, therefore, permit
me respectfully to decline your offer." In the
presence of the gentlemen who represent the great
northwestern States of Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio
—with theirapprobation, I hope,and in defianceof
them if they dispute it—I say that we will make
that defense with the approbation of the people
of those States. They will, I think, take sides
with us.
The Constitution is the rule, and every depart-
ment of the Government has reeognized it as the
standard upon which we were to make this war.
The executive branch of the Government is with
us, for the Constitution, and for prosecuting this
war upon the platform laid down in the resolu-
tions offered by my venerable colleague, [Mr.
Crittenden.] Those resolutions contain the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,
from the beginning to the end, and expressed in
language as well chosen as any ever before. They
have been adopted with great unanimity by the
