1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
while there, by the necessary servants of themselves and
their families without their right to hold such servants in
service being thereby impaired.
Sec. 3. And be it farther cnacted, That all children born
of slave mothers within said District on or after the 1st day
 , in the year of our Lord 186*2, shall be free, but shall
be reasonably supported and educated by the respective
owners of then mother, or by their heirs or representatives,
and shall «=oivc icasonable bervice as appiermces to such
ownw?, hens, and repiesentatives until they respectively
arrive at the age of twenty-one years, when they shall be
entirely tree; and the municipal authouties of Washington
and Geoigetown, within their respective junsdictional lim-
its, are hereby empowcicd and required to make all suitable
and necessary piovisions for enforcing obedience to this
section on the part of both mastcis and appientice*.
Srcr. -J. .And be it further enactcd, That all persons now
within said Distnct lawfullv held as slaves, or now owned
by any person or persons now lesulent within said Di<mct,
diall remain such at the will of then lespcctue owners?,
their heirs and legal rcpiesciuative*: Provided, That any
such owner or his legal K'pre&ematives. may at auv tunc
receive from theTiettsuryoi the United States the lull value
ol his or her slave of the class in ibis section mentioned ;
upon which such slave shall be forthwith and foiever fiee:
And provided, farther. That the President of the United
State.-, the sSccietaiy ot Stale, and the tfecietaty of the
Treasury,shall be a boaul tor deteunsnjiig the value of Mich
slaves as then owners mavdesue to emancipate undei this
section, and whose dutv it-hall be to hold a be.—ion lot the
purpose on the fn\-t Moiulav ol each calendai month; toie-
ceive at! applications, and, on satisfactoiy evidence in eai h
case that the person pioonted ioi valuation is a shive, and
of the ela«? in this section mentioned, and i^ owned by the
applicant,-.hall value such slave at his or her full cash value,
and give to the applicant an oider on the Treasury lor the
amount, and also to such -.lave a ceitilieate of freedom.
Sec\ 5. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the municipal
authorities of Washington and Geoigetown, withirf their
respective jurisdictional limits, aieheieby empoweied and
icqnircd to piovide active and efficient means toariest and
deliver up to their owners all fugitive slaves escaping into
said District.
Src. (). And be it further enacted, That the election ofii-
ccis within said Disiiictof Columbia aie hereby empoweied
and requned to open poll-?at ail the usual places of holding
elections on the liist Monday of April next, and icceive
the vote of evety fiee white male citizen above the age ol
twenty-one yeais, having losided within said Di-trict for
the peuod of one yeai oi more next piecediug the tune of
such voting for or against this act, to proceed m taking said
votes in all respcct-'not heiein specified, as at ejections un-
der the municipal laws, and with a- little delay as possible
to transmit coneetstatements of the votes so cast to the
Prestdent of the United States; and it shall he tiie duty ot
the Piesident to canvas taid vote.- immediately, and it a
majority o( them be lound to he for this act, to' foithwith
issue his proclamation giving notice of the fact; and this
act ft hall oi.h be in lull loiec and elfeet on and alter the day
of such pioelamation
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, Thatmvoluritaiysem-
tude for the punishment o( cinne whereof the partv bhali
have been duly convicte<l bhall in nowise be prohibited by
this act.
Sec. 8. And he it further cnacted, That for all the put poses
of this act, the jun-dieiional limits of Washington aie ex-
tended to all piiits ot' the Ih-tnet of Columbia not now
included within the limits of Geoigetown.
Mr. MORIIILL. I shall not detain the Senate
by any discussion of this ptoposition; but f still
think it is necessary to say a word or two in re-
gard to it. I do not .suppose any Senator pro-
poses to vote for the bill, now presented by the
Senator fiom Indiana, as a measure. 1 think I
am authorized to say so from the mannei of the
discussion; for all who have argued it, even the
Senator from Indiana, who introduced it, confess
to its imperfection, and those who have preferred
it to the bill reported by the commiitec,-them-
selves think it imperfect. When I characterize
it as crude, I do not mean any reflection upon any-
body, nor upon the origin of the bill, ot course,
because, understandmg'the circumstanccs of its
introduction into the other branch fifteen years
ago, those who do understand them would infer
at once that I intend no reflection whatever. It
originated not as a bill; it never was introduced
as a bill until it was introduced here; it never had
the sanction of a committee, nor was it ever in-
troduced as a distinct proposition; but notice wds
given that if the rules could be suspended so that
an opportunity could be had, some member from
Illinois would introduce a bill of which this was
a sketch. But if any Senator will take i he trouble
to run his eye over this proposition, he will per-
ceive that no man fifteen yeais ago, with the
slightest pretensions to statesmanship, would
ever present such a bill as a measure expecting
anybody to passit; and what was then not perfect,
considering the change in the circumstances,
nobody pretends is perfect now. My honorable
friend from Indiana confesses to its nnpeifection
when ho offers it. Therefore the bill offered as an
amendment to the present measure, 1 must regard
not as a bill designed to perfect the measure and
put it in a condition wheie it will be practicable
to pass it, or where it would be practicable to ex-
ecute it ii it .should become a law, but that it is
presented as one mode of assailing the bill from
the committee, and upon that ground, of course,
I must object to it.
Mr, WRIGHT. I beg to state that the bill 1
have submitted as a substitute is offered merely
because it embodies two principles which I like.
The object of presenftng it as an amendment is,
that if adopted, it may be referred back to the
committee for perfection. It provides for gradual
emancipation and fot8 the submission of the ques-
tion to the people of the District. I agree with the
Senator from Maine, that this was not presented
as a bill to the House of Representatives by the
distinguished gentleman who is now President.
It was never before a committee of the House, it
is true; but it was submitted by him for consid-
eration. I only offer it, and ask for a vote on it
now because it involves two points that I am for.
Iam for no system of this kind unless it is a grad-
ual system. If this proposition shall be adopted,
I shall rjiove to refer the question back to the com-
mittee, for the purpose of perfecting a bill em-
bodying the principle of gradual emancipation,
and submitting it to a vote of the people of the
District,
Mr. SAULSBURY. As the yeas and nays are
called for on this question, I wish simply to make
a remaik explanatory of the course I shall pursue
in reference to it. If there can be any difference
between two measures which are obnoxious, I
think the proposition submitted by the Senator
from Indiana is the preferable one; but as I never
intend to vote for the principle of abolition in this
District, or anywhere else, I shall not vote upon
his amendment. I intend to vote against the bill
to abolish slavery m this Distiict. 1 will not vote
for any proposition, although it may be a prefer-
able one, which still recognizes the principle of
abolition; therefore I shall decline to vote upon
this question.
Mr. TEN EYCK. If this proposition were
shaped so that jt did not give compensation to dis-
loyal as well as to loyal owners, and were cor-
rected in some other respects, I would vote for it;
but as it is, I must vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS— Mcssis. ttavaid, Caiidc, Davis, Kennedy, La-
tham, Nesinith, To well, Shennan, Wiilcy, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Mes.-ifs. Anthony, Biowning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamci, Ih\on, Doolittle, Fcssenden, Foster, Giimes,
Han is. Uendet-on, Howaid, Howe, Knur, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of K.msas, MoinH. l'omeroy, Sumner, Ten fiyclc,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson. Wilmot, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, and Wilson of Missoun— 27,'
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I nowoflerthefollowingamend-
ment, to be added at the close of the second sec-
tion:
And that he has not borne arms against the United States
dining the present lebelhon, nor m any way given aid or
comfoi t thereto
Mr. BAYARD. How will the section read
then ?
The Secretary read the section as it would be
with these woids added, as follows:
0 And he if further cnactcd, That all persons loyal
to the United States holding claims to seivice or labor
against pewms discharged thciohom by tins act may, within
ninety days liom the passage thoicof, but not thcieafier,
pie--cnr to the commissioner heremaftet mentioned their
respective statements or petitions in wiiting, veufied by
oath oi auiunaiiou, setting foith the mimes, ages, and per-
sonal de-eiiptinn of Mich pei^on", the manner in which
"aid petitioners acquiied such claim, and any (acts touch-
ing the value theieof, and declaim^ his allegiance to the
Government of the United .States, and that he has nut home
aims against the United States dining the pie>ent rebellion,
noi in auv way given aid oi eomlort tiieieto.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T concur with the object
which the Senator fiom New Hampshire has in
view, namely, that we should pay no one but a
loyal citizen, and one who has not borne arms
against the United States or given any aid or com-
foi t to thin lebellion, fur his slAves; but I am not
quite sure that tins amendment will not have a
contrary elfeet. The bill already contaii^ a pio-
vision in the very words which the Senator from
New Hampshire introduces as an amendment. It
requires that the commissioners shall be satisfied
that the claimant has not borne arms against the
United States, or given aid and comfortto the re-
bellion,before he shall be paid for his slaves. That
is in the bill now; the commissioners must be sat-
isfied of that fact. Now, the Senator from New [
Hampshire proposes to put that into the petition j
and make the claimant swear to it. If that is done, I
will not thecommissidners decide that that is prima
facie evidence, at all events, of the fact, and require
no other proof; whereas if that is left out, will n&t
the burden of proving this fact be put upon the
claimant, andVeally the bill be safer with leaving'
it out than putting it in ? „ - , ' *
That is the suggestion I have to make inregard
to it. I apprehend a great many person swill now'
claim to have been loyal all the time, and perhaps
think they were loyal, who really did give aid
and comfort to the enemy during the progress of
the rebellion; and if the claimant's statement is to
be taken, and the commission is to rest satis&ed
with that, I think it would be better to leave the
bill as it is without this amendment.
Mr. CLARK. This amendment does not ex-
cludcany testimonyfrom the commissioners which
may be offered under the bill now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that.
M*. CLARK. But it provides that every per-
son coming before the commissioners shall de-
clare, under oath, that he has not'' borne arms
against the Government; and after he has done
that, the question is open for further testimony to
ascertain the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But will not that change
the burden of proof? *
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand it so by
any means; but suppose a person comes before
the commissioners declaring that he recognizes,
and always has recognized his allegiance to the
United States, and nobody makes any question
in regard to it; he may be a disloyal person, and
yet may slide through easily under the bill as it
is; but if you adopt this amendment, you oblige
every person to swear in the stait that he has not
borne arms against the Government, or given aid
to the rebellion; and that is my object, that a per-
son who may have been disloyal shall not escape
sub silentio without anything being said about it.
It puts everybody to this test, requires him to
take the oath that he has been loyal, and 1ms not-
borne arms against the Government. 1 have no
feeling about it. I desire only to guard the bill.
If the Senate think it is perfectly guarded with-
out the amendment, very well.
Mr. MORRILL. I agree with the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire, that it will still be the duty of
the commissioners to examine evidence when they
adjudicate upon the question; but, with the Sen-
atorfrom Illinois, I do not think that this amend-
ment adds one particlc of strength to the bill, or
guards it. 'Still, if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire considers it important,! shall not "object
to it.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that 1 think this
amendment offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire furnishes some additional security
against frauds that may be practiced under this
bill. At all events, whatever its effect may be as
a pleading, it furnishes us the security of the oath
of the applicant, and exposes him if he swears
falsely to the pains and penalties of perjury; and
inasmuch as it does furnish some additional se-
curity against fraud, it seems to me it ought to
be adopted. It is perhaps merely cumulative to
the other provisions of the bill, but I think it can
do no harm, but do a great deal of good, and it
strikes me we had better adopt it.
Mr. KING. There is some reason, I think,
in the suggestion made by the Senator from Il-
linois; but that may be obviated perhaps'by add-
ing to this amendment the words:
Provided, The oath of the party in interest shall not be
conclusive or prima facie evidence of his loyalty.
Mr. CLARK. I have noobjection to an amend-
ment of that kind.
Mr. KING. Let these words be added, to pre-
clude this oath bemgevidence of loyalty, butonly
requiring it to be taken by every applicant before
he can be heard:
Provided, That this oath of the paity in interest shall not
be conclusive or primafanc evidence of his loyalty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire will
be modified by the addition of these words, if he
accepts them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from New York, if this is not conclusive
or prima facie evidence, what kind of evidence is
it?
Mr, KING. It will be evidence of a man's de-
sire to come in under this bill—evidence of his
submission to the Government.
