408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
to it, and Che State made laws for it, and so made
itselfthe ally of the master in his war against the
slave; .and other States grew, up,formed like that
first State, and allies of the master in this war; and
still other States, not having the body of slavery
in them, but enacting laws subjecting slaves and
theirkindred and descendants to great disabilities,
and thus to that extent making themselves the
allies of the master in his war against these his
helpless enemies.
So, too, when all these States assembled to con-
struct their fundamental national law—and in
contemplation of law, all, old and new, were so
present—it was in terms therein set down that so
long as this war in any State should continue, the
master's enemy should, for the purposes of the
war, be confined to the limits of that State, and
if he broke out, the master might pursue him any-
where and recapture and return him to the old
battle-field; and so the nation became a party to
this war against the slave. So, too, every enact-
ment aiding the master was but a treaty offens-
ive and defensive against the slave. 1 know it
has been argued and urged and believed, too, that
the free States were in no way responsible for the
existence of slavery in the slave States. The
Constitution of the United States, and the slave
code said to be enacted pursuant to its provisions,
and all the various acts of the several States im-
posing disabilities upon this race, are an infamous
refutation of this claim, and furnish the exact
measure of that responsibility.
The aggressions of slavery continued until, in
the nation as in the State, it had debauched the
public morals, enchained the church, and over-
come the national conscience. I need not pursue
this further. Ultimately, when the people arose
to limit the further conquests of this war, and
overthrew it in a political contest, this slavery,
in obedience to the law of its life, and pursuant
to the conclusions of its own logic, appealed to its
old weapon, the war-club of its heathen founder.
Sir, the election of Mr. Lincoln had little to do
with this war, and it would unavoidably have
taken place had Mr. Douglas beun elected. The
course of events had conducted the struggle to
this stage, and the ample and thorough prepa-
ration of the slaveholders, which they could not
afford to lose, proves that they had predetermined
the time of hostilities. The canker, long gnaw-
ing within, had eaten its way to the surface.
This rebel war makes us the inevitable allies of
the slave in his war against the master; and every
slaveholder is in some sense, involuntarily it may
be, the ally of the rebels; and it is a most wonder-
ful indication that the limits of the infected region
exactly coincide with the boundary lines of the
slave States. If any of those States remain nom-
inally loyal, it argues not only the depth and
strength of the patriotism of the noble men who
control them, but also the weakness and poverty of
slavery in them, and shows that it may be wholly
overcome in a rational scheme of emancipation.
1 must here discuss another elementary ques-
tion, less trite, of vast importance. Is the slave
wholly enveloped, submerged, and lost in the
power and control of the master, or is there out-
side of the master, and above him, still another
and greater power to which the slave sustains re-
lations independent of his master? Did it ever
occur to gentlemen that the slave had such rela-
tions to a power higher than the master,-through
which claims upon him might be asserted at utter
variance with the master's claims? I know that
without question ©r argument it has been con-
ceded that no such relation exists. I am bound
by no such concession; and I am to establish the
contrary, and maintain it if I may.
In our fundamental law, slaves are known only
as persons—recognized as part of the great mass
of persons. Does that instrument erase from them
the universal quality of subjects, or stamp upon
them one, inconsistent with that character? They
are " persons owing service," which isa recogni-
tion of an obligation imposed on them by another
power; but they themselves are subordinated to !
jthe power created by the Constitution, within
yhich they are brought by apt words of descrip-
tion, and this new power may impose on them
Obligations inconsistent with the old. They are
" persons owing service," just as are minors and
apprentices, ai*d, in the same sense, are subjects.
5i>o far as this Constitution has created legislative
sovereignty at all, it has conferred it ou the two
Houses of Congress. It makes them sovereign
over all persons, with no exception whatever. The
relation then between this Legislature and your
slaves, is that of sovereign and subjects; and I de-
mand to know what power there is on this earth
that can come between this sovereign and these
subjects. Do they owe you service? They owe
us allegiance. Are they your slaves? Theyare
our subjects. We are the lord paramount with
the highest title. States alone are prohibited from
discharging slaves from the debt of service they
are said toowe; this limitation does notextendto
us, nor can it be construed to come between us
andoursubjects. Itwould dethrone the sovereign.
This reasoning is not subtile and refined, de-
pending on technical and artificial rules, but rests
on broad, well-known principles. Our right to
legislate upon the person of the slave, rests on the
broad ground of a great sovereign dealing with
his subject—in opposition to a private despot lord-
ing over a cringing serf. It is no reply to this to
say that slavery is older than the Constitution,
and was established by sovereigns not within the
control of that Constitution; because those sover-
eigns who as between themselves and their subjects
called these personsslaves,when, forourpurposes,
they came to surrender the mass of their subjects
to our sovereignty, they put in these slaves, not
as slaves, but as persons; so that while to them
(the former sovereigns) they remain slaves, they
are to us subjects, and by the consent of their
masters. If a State can by disabilities withdraw
once class of. persons within its borders from our
jurisdiction, it mayanother, and all others, which
is absurd. I am not here contending for power
on our part to abolish slavery, or any other rela-
tion or institution established by the States. I am
only contending for the right of the sovereign par-
amount to control the persons of all his subjects
alike, in the presence of which right all the priv-
ileges and disabilities imparted by inferior power
are abrogated, of course. And I here assert that
this right extends to all persons not aliens, the
subjects of foreign Powers.
Not only on general principles does this power
result to us, from the relation of sovereign and
subject, but the Constitution, in specific terms,
confers a power for a given purpose,under which
we can legislate upon " persons owing service" in
a manner wholly inconsistent with the supposed
rights of the master or parent.
The eighth section of the first article authorises
us " to raise and support armies," and " to pro-
vide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia," &c. This power of raising armies, and
of organizing the militia, necessarily involves the
power to designate what persons shall constitute
the army or militia. We cannot legislate tipon
States; and they might fail to furnish us with the
requisite material; we do legislate in all cases upon
persons, and may upon all persons. Suppose we
should declare that alt male citizens owning un-
incumbered estates of the value of $50,000, shall
constitute the militia; what power could stand
between them and this burden? Or, suppose that
we enact that all male persons having a visible
admixture of African blood shall compose this
militia: who could interpose between us and them?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman. Does he contend that
the Federal Government has a right to enlist slaves
in the Army of the United States >
Mr. RIDDLE. I contend that it has the right
to enlist "persons held to service." If you call
them slaves, they are still our subjects.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman knows
what I mean.
Mr. RIDDLE. Certainly.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman as saying that the Government of the Uni-
ted States has a light to enlist slaves, or persons
held to service, in the Army?
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 contend that the Government
of the United States may enlist persons owing
service who are our subjects.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I do not wonder at
the gentleman's letter to his constituents.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 am dealing with things in an
elementary way, and quoting the language of the
Constitution. If persons owing service under that
Constitution are slaves, I answer unhesitatingly
in the affirmative. I am here and everywhere to
sustain the doctrine as best I can.
If we were to say legislatively " that all native
male persons between the ages of eighteen and
forty years shall constitute the national militia to
be enrolled, organized, and disciplined as herein-
after is provided," these questions might arise
under it. A citizen of Pennsylvania might say to
you, " That person, whom you propose to carry
away to your camp of instruction, is my appren-
tice. These are the indentures, in full conform-
ity with the laws of this Commonwealth, which
give me a full right to his services and the full
controlof his person for a period not yet expired,
and impose upon me heavy obligations for his
personal well being, which I cannot discharge if
he is taken from me." And yet you would march
him away. A citizen of Massachusetts tells you,
"That, gentlemen, is my minor son—of lawful
wedlock. The laws of this State confirm to me
his person and services fin til ho is of the full age
of twenty-one years; you cannot come between
me and him." But you oblige the minor son to
fall in at the drum-beat. "That," says the lordly
Virginian, " is my boy,born of a slave mother on
my plantation; he is my slave, my property, my
chattel, don't touch him." You have taken from
the Pennsylvanian his apprentice, and from the
Massachusetts father his minor son. Dare any
man stand here and declare that the right of the
master to his slave is more sacred than the right
of the father to his son? You may take one of
these slaves, you may take all of them^to the
exclusion of everybody else for your militia, and
by this means find a solution of this problem if
you choose. This is a power without doubt or
uncertainty, pertaining to us alike in peace and
war, the existence of which cannot be gainsaid.
I thus find in the relation of the slaves to the Gov-
ernment ample power under the Constitution to
deal effectually with their status.
But if these views are holden questionable,
strained, and without foundation, it is established
on authority that there does exist plenary power
adequate to any disposition of this subject. We
are told on conclusive grounds that this rebellion
has opened a vast and limitless source of law, that
lies scaled up during the periods of peace, but
which springs forth a sceptered king at the first
footfall of an armed foe. It is called the war power;
and without definition or outline it comes to the
aid of a beleaguered nation. It is said that this ex-
traordinary agency can fulminate its edicts alone
through the voice of a commander-in-chief at the
head of his armies; and that in no form can or does
it attach itself to the ordinary legislature. This I
deny. We are the legislative power—the procla-
mation of a rule that changes existing relations is
the enactment of a law, simple and pure; and the
Constitution confers no semblance of legislative
power else where. If a new fountain of law-making
power is opened up, it naturally flows to us, and
we may and should embody so much of it as we
deem necessary into the ordinary forms of stat-
utes. This power—undefined, vague, and shad-
owy—can nowhere else be so safely exercised as
by us; and rather than permit an Executive to be
clothed with it, without limit or definition, and
thus make him an irresponsible despot, I would
deny its existence and resist its exercise. With
us it is safe; even a usurpation on our part that
did not impinge upon a coordinate branch of the
Government may be comparatively harmless.
I hold, then, that this war power, whatever it
may be, or whcncc its source, is our special prop-
erty; and it may be well to inquire whether we
have not already permitted its exercise by the
Executive to an extent trenching upon danger. On
broader grounds yet may the power to deal with
this matter be most securely rested. Nations,
like individuals, possess inalienable rights; and
for the same reasons. An individual sustains cer-
tain relations, and is under consequent obliga-
tions from which he cannot be discharged—to the
God who created him, to his fellows about him,
and to himself. To insure a performance ofthese,
he possesses certain rights and privileges that can-
not be taken from him, and with which he cannot
part by any act of his own; and if such a pretended
alienation has taken place, enforced or voluntary
he may at any moment and under all circum-
stances, resume them. For the same reason and
to the same extent, a nation must possess these
rights, which pertain to it simply because it is a
nation; and without them it cannot discharge the
paramount obligations of protection to its subjects,
and self-defense.
