1862.
THE CONGEESBIOJSTAL GLOBE.
In the application of our power, however de-
rived, to the subject under consideration, I would
adopt the principles of that proclamation to the
language of which the oppressed and laboring
heart oY the nation rose up as to the voice of God
—the property of all rebels should be confiscated,
and their slaves "are hereby declared free." My
convictions and judgment might carry me further,
but there" are chccking considerations that ut this
time, to me, render this inexpedient. I know that
our amazing policy in this gasping, strangling
contest for the breath of life is thus far the reverse
of this; we even reject with scorn the aid of one
entire and powerful classofoursubjects;thatrace,
too, for whose destiny and our own the war is;
and yet we will perish rather than aid shall come
from them. Nay, we will perish rather than seek
to withdraw them from striking with our mortal
foes. Whs ever fatuity so sublime? What can
be the solution of this prodigious folly? Is i£ in-
deed true that slavery is the one holy thing, so
sacred that even in this struggle we arc to remain
the enemies of our own allies, and the allies of our
enemies against ourselves ? There never was a
war conducted so lambentand so lamb-like, whore
the persons of your enemies arc too sacied to be
smitten by any save a pure white; and where you
so carefully guard their feelings against the mor-
tification of being beaten in the field by the kin-
dred of their own bondmen. I remember this
last summer, and it has been recently repeated,
the dignified incident of stripping ou a cast-off
uniform from the back of a colored servant of one
of your colonels, out of respect to the feelings of
your enemy! Sir, a nation that goes into such
a struggle so daintily and mincingly, so be-gloved
and be-scented and be-fooled and besotted, will
find it a death-struggle indeed. Never, until we
can shuffle off these sickly and sickening scnti-
mentalisms, and confront this great catastrophe
with all the means that lie within our grasp in our
hands, shall we be equal to its fearful demands.
Gentlemen may turn their pallid faccs loatlungly
away, and hold their weak stomachs, but I say
to them that they and their policy must go to the
rear—the front of this battle is for other hands.
I know the propositions for which I have con-
tended are denied and denounced by every mode
ofknown argumentation, declamation,and denial;
we are assured over and over, and besought to be-
lieve it, that this little thing of slavery, a harmless
pet schcmc of convenience and economy, incident
to a few rural neighborhoods of pure primitive for-
mation, has no possible connection wiih this war;
nor can we have anything under the Constitution
to do with it, whatever the consequences may be.
Permit me a rude and coarse illustration. Sup-
pose a man by accident had a billet of wood thrust
into and firmly fixed in the muscles of a limb, and
swollen, writhing, and delirious he is put into
our hands and we must deal with his case. We
all know what the orthodox practice has been—
ignore the case wholly,turn the suigical back upon
the patient, and coolly assure the world that noth-
ing ails him. The learned gentlemen over the way
hold this doctrinpsuhstantially. Gentlemen ofthat
school admit the presence of the intruding wood,
but they blandly assure us that it does not hurt the
man, that it has always been there, and is really in
strict accordance with his constitution, a little pet
luxury of his, with which we can have nothing to
do, if the patient is ours—m fact, that it is unconsti-
tutional to meddle with that. If 1 remember rightly
one of the learned doctors from New York [Mr.
Steele] declared off hand that this injury was not
the cause of the alarming symptoms, but that they
were caused solely " by the unnecessary agitation
of the question;" that is what ails the man, and
all that ads him—this absurd " agitation of the
question." There is also other high authority for
this doctrine. I believe that the celebrated Dr.
Davis holds to precisely these same profound
views. He says the Constitution precludes our
dealing with this thing, and that it is the " agita-
tion of the question" that ails the man. Let him
alone and he will do well enough, or perhaps he
would drive a similar peg into the other leg.
I am not wholly sure, Mr. Speaker, that our
own practice was the most enlightened. We pro-
posed, by external application, to limit the evil
effects of this accident to the injured pait, and let
the patient run. I am not prepared to say, con-
sidering his condition when became to our hands,
that this may not have aggravated the difficulty.
We come to deal with the case now, and I say,
with no shadow of hesitation* that extirpation of
the cause is the natural and sole remedy; I do not
believe when a man sticks a sliver into his foot
that the best remedy is to shave his head, or blis-
ter his chest, or make him blow his nose.
Sir, this thingof slavery wasalways a religious
and moral outlaw, a confessed and convictcd felon
with a halter about its neck, invoking execution
at the hands of an outraged universe. Its only
defense was the alleged constitutional barrier be-
hind which it was intrenched. That barrier it
has itself broken down, and it stands exposed in
its hideousness to the assaults of the human race;
and who dares to say that they should not crush
it? I believe that, in the economy of God's gov-
ernment, the time is fully come for its extirpation
—that the forces now moving the profound depths
of our political compact will themselves, ere they
are spent, work its demolition. To that consum-
mation I will gladly contribute; and I would now
by a wise forecast, so far as we may, direct these
agencies, so that in their beneficent mission they
may work the least amount of incidental harm.
Resist them we cannot; aid them I will. Do not
misunderstand or misapply this remark. This
doctrine is not the teaching or practice of my
party. The sentiment is my own; and I here
declare that I will now and at all times seize any
opportunity to strike slavery on its own account
—1 will lift my hand and ask God for strength to
make that blow effectual.
Sir, this is an eminently practical and importu-
nate matter; you may postpone this debate, but
the question not at all. We deliberate, as no Con-
gress ever before deliberated, under the very muz-
zles of the enemy's guns, prepared to thunder their
inexorablelogicuponthisdebated matter, leaving
no doubt of their views or policy.
I am now to offer some remarks more directly
upon the executive policy as to this matter of
slavery connccted with this war—a thing 1 may
not avoid if I would. Let no nnui say I propose
a war upon the President. I profoundly re^pcct
and esteem him; I can comprehend the nature of
his fearfully trying position and its surroundings;
but lam aRepresentativeof the people, the hum-
blest of whom has a personal stake in his country
equal to that of the first citizen, and lam to utter
frankly the best conclusions of my judgment.
This terrible juncture requires not only all the
strength of all the people, but demands the sug-
gestions of their whole mind and thought fiecly
uttered.
I regiet, I profoundly regret, that when we first
met the Executive could not have indicated to us
and the country a decided policy. It may have
been wiser to leave events to hammer it out, but
ultimately they will demonstrate to him that the
true course lies along this opening path which we
must pursue, rugged and thorny though it be.
Sir, our people expected this of him, and were
disappointed. They are in advance of the Presi-
dent; in advance of us. Their intuitions outrun
our argumentation, and they are at home long ere
we reach our tardy and halting conclusions. The
movementof the radical forces now in motion has
produced a radical movement of the races of men
not amenable to the laws of ordinary superficial
political agitation; it runs below. When the Presi-
dent issued his proclamation for seventy-five thou-
sand men to enforce his laws, the people heard in it
a proclamation of Omnipotence to enforce his laws.
They felt as if the divine hand was stretched down
among them, and their hearts thrilled under the
touch of the finger ofG^d! They looked to the
President for a leader; they almost expected to see
him tower up till he caught a ray of inspiration,
and became their prophet. They see he is no
prophet, and fear that he is no leader. He coldly
and timidly seats himself on the narrowest letter
ot the Constitution, and hesitatingly applies its
feeblest and shortest instrumentalities to events
heaiing upon slavery, wholly out of its scope.
These rebels have gone out of and away horn the
Constitution, and if you would deal with them you
must go out after them.
Will not gentlemen comprehend this? The Con-
stitution is predicated upon the idea that all the
States will remain in the orbits it defines, and when
they break away from them it furnishes no rem-
edy. Under it you may arrest, indict, and try; but
these rebels have wrenched up and carried oil this
whole legal machinery, and it is cowardly to stand
shivering over mere constitutional names when
its arms are gone. Up and after these traitoi\s with
any and all means. Like Milton's angels, when
they encountered the masked batteries of the se-
ceded devils, tear up the mountains, lift the islands
by their tree tops and overwhelm them! I revere
and venerate the Constitution, but I love my coun-
try amillion times more. The one was formed and
may be dissolved by the breath of men. The other
is the creation and growth of God; and rather than
that mere constitutional names should stand m the
way of the nation's salvation, better a thousand
times solemnly roll the Constitution up and lay it
reverently away. These, too,arc not the senti-
ments of my party.
It is said we have a policy on this subject, such
as it is, well defined, which goes as far as pru-
dence should go. I remember, sir, we passed a
law by which you might capture enemy's property
on the battle-field, in his forts, or camps, actually
employed in war. What a law! When an enemy
thrusts his property into the forefront of the battle,
where you may seize it if you can, do you want
a law of Congress to enable you to hold it? It is
the spoil of war, and you hold it by the first rule
of that code that looms so vague and shadowy in
the imaginations of gentlemen. Call the scope of
that law a policy? that poor, feeble, emasculated
thing. And it was not made a eunuch of " for the
kingdom of righteousness' sake"either, orrather,
it was born without sex. It has only provided a
legal barrier behind which an over-cautious timid-
ity shelters itself, and has become the hiding-place
of positive mischief. Sir, we have seen a general
at the head of his army disarmed by it, and one
of the great Secretaries lassoed in and tethered
with it. The President is not to blame for this.
The thing was furnished him by us, as the consti-
tutional embodiment of the nation's will. And
he now suggestively hints that the whole matter
is open for further consideration; and I regret most
profoundly that we have not the benefit of his
sagacious suggestions upon it. I almost feel that
we were entitled to them. They might at least
save the misfortune of differing from him.
As an element bearing upon this policy, we are
invited to experiment in a small way. We are
asked to buy a little land somewhere, and plant a
new crop of negroes; and my distinguished col-
league from Cincinnati benevolently proposes to
drain the surplus of that article into the swamps
of Florida. Sir, if we were in a state of profound
peace, with a plethora of wealth, it might be well
J for us to sit down and deliberate upon the vast
j project of plucking up by the roots fivo or six mil-
lions of our subjects, and transplanting them to
another clime. Is this a time to enter upon it?
Sir, I grudge every moment and dollar not devoted
to the one only purpose we can have—a restora-
tion of our sovereignty over all the States Buy
i land! Of whom and where? Buy land! Why one*
! halfofourown is wrested from us. Bid the angel
; roll the stone from the sepulcher where lies in icy
sleep the energies of a nation. Hurl your blue
legions upon the foe, and sweep them into the sea,
and settle your negroes in territory once called
South Carolina, if you will; and if we have not
then land enough, buy another half continent, or
take the whole of it. Besides these the President
gives us no indication of his views on this grave
subject. He is ample and exhaustive on other
comparatively trivial subjects, important in them-
selves in the leisurely days of profound peace, to
which they might well be adjourned; but, pardon
me, they seem out of place in the fierce conflicts
and hungry devouring demands of to-day.
I knowthe United States statutes-at-large need
collating and codifying and annotating;. 1 know
this annual foliage of the dead Confesses lies in
withered heaps, with its texts obscure, and some-
times contradictory, and as involved as the in-
scriptions on the sibylline leaves; and I have no
objection, if no more fitting time can be found, to
sit down a learned commission under the boom
of the rebel batteries, to codify, adjust, and har-
monize them into a symmetrical whole if you
will. But who now cares much for these super-
ficial enactments, when the deep foundations un-
derlying our Constitution itself are so shaken and
being broken up? This contest grates harshly on
the eternal granite, and threatens the earth's crust
on which rest the pillars of the fctate. Who is to
say whether the forms of our system are not to be
changed, and our very civilization reconstructed
