2482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
it, and gave that as a reason that there was so
tti\3ich"ma.<Ie and earned into market that we should
have to do it.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman says there are a
great many hanging- about here inquiring about
what-is going to be done. I suppose those gen-
tlemen go before the committee. So far as I am
concerned, I have not been troubled with the gen-
tlemen the Senator speaks of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do speak of the commit-
tee.
Mr. WADE. I know nothing about this mat-
ter; but it appears to me that men dealing in a cer-
tain article are justified in inquiring and specu-
lating on every circumstance that will alter the
value of the commodity in which they are dealing.
I do not think there is anything censurable in it.
I believe it is natural for men that are engaged in
any business to inquire into all the circumstances
that will probably affect the price of the articles
in which they deal, and I do not know that they
are censurable at ail for doing so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree to that; but my
friend will allow me to say, while I agree that they
have a perfect right to do that, it should not affect
our right to tax afterwards, if we choose to do so.
Mr. WADE. I do not complain of that. We
have a right to tax anything that we think it is
best to tax; but we must be careful to make it as
equal on all interests as we conveniently can. We
may do gross injustice, and yet do nothing that
we have not, strictly and legally, a right to legis-
late about. I believe if it had been made a rule
to tax other commodities on hand, I should not
have asked for the exemption of this particular
article. I think it ought to stand, after all, on the
same principles as anything else. I know very
well there is a prevailing sentiment in the com-
munity that these intoxicating spirits can bear
almost anything. I am willing that this commod-
ity should be heavily taxed; and I suppose it is
an article on which a large amount of tax can be
gathered; but still it ought to be placed in the
same category as other commodities. A tall events,
I want the bill so arranged that I can give a sat-
isfactory reason to myself, at least, for every thing
it contains when I go among- my constituents and
am asked anything in regard to it. Suppose one
of them should say to me, " you taxed the whisky
on hand; here is one man who has got more value
in tobacco on hand than I have in whisky; you
did not attempt to tax the tobacco he had on hand;
why did you make the discrimination?" I con-
fess I could not answer the question satisfactorily
to myself, and probably not to him. I want it to
be placed so that I can at all events answer any
question that shall be put to me on the subject of
this taxation, and give a reason that ought to sat-
isfy anybody; at all events, one satisfactory to
myself. I cannot do it if you single out this com-
modity and take the amount on hand, when, by
your bill, you have released everybody else from
that species of taxation. If the amount you tax
this article is not enough, put on more; 1 do not
know but it would bear more; but tax it in the
same way that you tax other commodities, or tell
me the reason why you do not.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio has two points: first, it reduces
the tax on spirits; and secondly, it taxes those
on hand. I am clearly against his proposition,
so far as the first tax is concerned.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not change the rate
of taxation on the article manufactured at all. It
leaves it at twenty cents.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought it reduced it to ten
cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sii; the tax on the
article manufactured after the 1st of July is twenty
cents, and I propose to tax the amount on hand
before that time ten cents. It does not affect the
tax on the manufactured article.
Mr. SUMNER. It leaves the tax, then, on all
that is not on hand just as it is m the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Precisely.
Mr. SUMNER. Then 1 misapprehended the
proposition of the Senator. I am cleaily of the
opinion that the tax ought not to be reduced. I
cannot say that I can express an opinion with
equal confidence on the other point, though so fat-
as I have considered it, it seems to me the tax
ought not to be made to bear on the stock on
hand. The policy of the bill throughout is not
to touch the stock onhand,and if I understand it,
the reason of it is this: that every person ought
to be left free to enter into a business, knowing
beforehand its conditions, so that there shall not
be anything imposed upon him after he has once
embarked in his speculation or in the transaction,
whatever it may be. That reason, it eccms to
me, is as applicable to the dealer in spirits as it is
to any manufacturer or any other person in any
other walk of life. Then, besides that reason of
principle, it seems to me that there is a difficulty
m the present case. I will not say that it is in-
superable; but still itisso greatadifficulty as with
me to seem almost insuperable. It is this: how
can you execute this statute with regard to spir-
i.tuous liquors on hand? You will be met with
devices, tricks, dodges of all kinds, and I fear,
sir, that the inquisitorial processes to which you
would be obliged to resort might provoke riot
and violence. We all know that in our history
there was once a whisky insurrection, and I fear
that the proposition of the Senator from Ohio, if
carried out, might result in something of a simi-
lar character—I do not say on any scale like that;
but I fear that all the police you could command
might be very often at fault in the effort to enforce
the law.
Mr. COWAN. I will merely state that the pro-
posed amendment introduces an anomaly into the
bill in a shape which has not been directly noticed as
yet. The bill proposes to impose a tax upon whisky
manufactured and sold. The collector only calls
upon the manufacturer after he has made the sale,
and of course, after the time he has had notice by
the passage of the bill of the effect it would have
upon the sale he was to make. But this amend-
ment proposes to call upon the holder of the arti-
cle, and I believe the phrase used is, that the tax
is to be imposed upon liquors held for sale. That
is a very different thing. If I am to sell a bairel
of whisky upon condition I will adapt myself to
the condition; but if I buy a barrel of whisky be-
fore the conditions are imposed, and you call upon
me afterwards and ask me to pay for it over again,
that is a very different thing. 1 agree with the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts as to the
effect of it. Suppose these collectors are to go
about all over the country into all the little shops
that sell whisky, into all the taverns and all the
hotels, and ask those people to pay over again;
because the bill imposes a tax equal to the cost of
production of the collector, and therefore the col-
lector will actually require a man, if he has bought
a barrel of whisky, to pay for it over again. I
think no such tax can be collected; and I think,
considering the trouble and the difficulty which
would be encountered in the collection, we should
be ill repaid by the amount of revenue obtained.
Therefore, I say this amendment is an anomaly,
and would introduce into the bill a most striking
one, which I think it ought to be the object of
everybody to keep out.
Mr. SHERMAN. A word in rcpljr. There
is no practical difficulty in'executing this process
except the uncertainty and the false oaths that
may be made to evade the tax; butthat willocenr
in regard to every tax levied by this bill. We
have a system of district assessors who have to
levy the income tax, and the same uncertainty will
exist in fixing the amount of the income tax and
the tax on manufacturers. The number of hold-
ers of spirituous liquors is far less than the num-
ber of persons who will be assessed for income.
The number of holders of spirituous liquors will
be far less than the number of manufacturers as-
sessed. You have the same system of taxation
precisely in regard to the one as the other and
there is no practical difficulty exceptthat there may
be false swearing.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me, I
was unable to comprehend exactly the scope of
the amendment. Has he made any exception as to
the amount? If not, any man having any amount
of liquor on hand for sale would be subject to this
tax, if it were only half a barrel, if it were only a
demijohn, or, if you please, if it were only a de-
canter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where it is held for sale it
will be taxed. If the Senator thinks there should
be some limit, he can offer a limit; but I do not
see any occasion for it. The assessor will have
the same duty to perform in assessing an income
tax and ascertaining theamount of manufacturers
&c., and the same process precisely may be ap-
plied in ascertaining the amount of liquor on hand
after the 1st of July. If the tax is assessed as
against the manufacturer, he has to go to the dis-
tilleries, and has to go through the same process
there in ascertaining what is to be manufactured
as he would to ascertain what is on hand.
I have nothing further to say in regard to the
expediency of levying this tax except this: the
whisky tax in this bill is an anomaly, as a matter
of course. It is higher than any other tax. It is
one hundred and twenty-six per cent, on the cost.
The tax on liquor on hand, it is true, would be an
exception to the bill; but it is no more an excep-
tion than the original tax. I will merely remark,
as I believe the majority of the Senate are opposed
to this tax, you will not for four or six months
get any tax from this important article of manu-
facture, and why? All that is manufactured after
the 1st of July will be withheld from sale until the
stock on hand is entirely exhausted. It will not
be sold from first hands. It will be held from sale
by the manufacturer, or it will,under the provis-
ions of this bill, be sent forward for shipment,
and they will avail themselves of the sixty days*
delay authorized by the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine, and you will practically get no
revenue from the tax on whisky; but the holders
of whisky will make more money between this
and the 1st of July on the article than will be made
on any other or all other articles of commerce.
The rise in the value of the article on hand between
this and the 1st of July next, or between this and
the time when you begin to collect the tax on the
manufactured article, will be something like ten
millions of dollars. If this amendment is adopted,
the Government will share that profit. That is all
there is about it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. When this
proposition was made I thought I should vote
against it, but, on reflection, I have concluded to
vote for it. I have received to-day a letter from
one of the most intelligent merchants of Boston,
a practical, clear-headed man, in which he says:
'• Largo expectations are entertained from the tax on to-
bacco and whteky, f am very much mistaken if on tobacco
half tin! revenue calculated upon wilt be realized to the
Government for two or thtee yeais to come; and as for that
on you may calculate it will be very si ma 11 for the
fiist year- Men in the liquor tiade and out of it, calcula-
ting on a heavy tax upon domestic liquors, have cpoculafed
largely in whisky and newium,so that our stoiehousesare
loaded with it in quantities sufficient to supply the country
for many months to romp."
I believe this statement to be correct, and it sus-
tains the views expressed by the Senator from
Ohio. I think there can be no great injustice in
the Government's sharing part of the immense
profits that are to be made by the legislation of
the country, and so believing, I shall vote for this
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I have not the slightest objection
to the Government's making money when it can,
if it makes it honestly. 1 have undergone a rev-
olution as well as the Senator from Massachu-
setts, ^ut it has been precisely in the opposite di-
rection. I started outupon this investigation with
the understanding that I was in favor of this prop-
osition, and I have finally fetched up at a point
where I find myself decidedly opposed to it.
In the first place, this commodity is singled out
from ail the other commodities in the world, and
marked by the imposition of a very heavy tax
when compared with other taxes. There are
sound reasons for it, and I have not a word to say
against it; but when you undertake to put a tax
on any article produced to a considerable extent,
a tax which exceeds the whole value of the arti-
cle, the whole cost of its production, you ought
to be a little careful not to crush anybody by the
mode in which you execute that purpose. The
imposition of this tax is going to increase the value
of the article m the market very much. The Sen-
ator from Ohio, who offers this proposition, thinks
there is no considerable difficulty in the execution
of it. Tt seems to me there is a very great one.
You are not going to be ready on the 30th of June
next, or on the 1st of July, to unfold your ma-
chinery and take possession of every giocery and
every warehouse and every corner shop in the
country where this liquor is kept. Therefore you
are not going to be able to ascertain who has and
who has not liquor on the 1st of July, or on the
30th of June. Your assessors will not get about
into these places for a week or ten days, or two
weeksafierthattime; and this commodity is chang-
ing hands all the time; and who had this barrel,
