sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
4*id molded anew? Amid this creaking of the .
framfc of our Government, who cares much for
these dead statutes?, Who now can anticipate the i
needs of to-morrow?' The coming day must meet
its own wants; we cannot legislate for it. But
makeup your book; get out a resplendent edition;
lt'can be chucked into some crevice in our restored
or rained mansion, if it answers no other purpose.
' And so, too, of the Supreme Court. I know it
needs reconstruction. I believe it answers pretty
well the purposes of a common-law and commer-
cial court—or would, with an addition to its force.
It certainly has, through some misfortune that I
care not to discuss, fallen below the respect ofthe
nation. Do you propose now to reconstruct the
Federal judiciary? Why, sir, the very map is
dissolving about us. The Government is a unit; it
cannotexist in broken parts; and whoever strikes
it down in South Carolina strikes it down in Mas-
sachusetts. If you cannot enforce its laws in New
Orleans, it is idle to adjudicate them in New York.
I know that by common consent we may continue
to obey them; but the essential sanction, found
only in national sovereignty, is gone; so that a pa-
triotism limited to the narrow boundaries of a State
binds us to the inexorable necessity of restoring
all the States under the national sovereignty; for
it is only through that means that the integrity and
safety of our own States can be preserved. And
that, sir, is our labor to the exclusion of every-
thing else on earth.
Adjust a system of judicature for Georgia and
Alabama! This giant treason has torn asunder
the band that bound this constellation of nations
upon the brow of this continent, and has tumbled
them hither and thitherto be lost in the dust and
ashes with which Time buries the dead nations. It
is our labor to go forth like Titans, and grasping
these lost orbs, heave them up and restore the
unity and harmony of our system. The labor is
superherculean; bring out your engineers, crane
them up, and sway them back to their places, and
fasten them there with the eternal ligatures of
truth and justice, foievor out of the reach of the
loosening hand of rebellion.
We are told in this fearful exigency that " we
Should not be in haste to determine what radical
and extreme measures, which may reach the loyal
as well as the disloyal, are indispensable.'' Oh, no;
we are to mince and hesitate and deliberate, and
when we deal a blow it is to be a gentle, admoni-
tory tap, upon an invulnerable part. If you strike
strong and heavy the recoil may injure the loyal.
Bo not our loyal suffer? Is it nothing that thou-
sands and thousands of our bravest and best go
down in battle, and waste away to death in camp
and tent and hospital, waylaid in solitary, shad-
owy gorges and glens, and murdered? Nothing
that the whole land is hung with the drapery of
mourning, until itseems shrouded in the garments
of night, and filled with the sobs of woe? Do not
the loyal suffer among us? And may the loyal of
the border States purchase exemption from the
unavoidable evils incident to war and their posi-
•tion ? Shall the whole country perish because its
salvation would bring peculiar hardships, not to
their lives or persons, but to their property alone,
which may be compensated for? In the name of
all that is fearful m this exigency, what is it you
demand for them, and at what a fearful hazard?
Does not all this mean that at all events slavery
is to be the one thing not to suffer? Is it not
weighing it naked and alone against the nation,
and m a doubtful balance? What fearful and ter-
rible apprehensions this suggests! And if the
time everunives in the councils of the Executive
to make the hesitating choice, where will the pa-
triots of the border States be found?
" Gentle shepherd, tell us where."
Sir, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wads-
worth] more than answers this inquiry, and tells
us where. They will strike doubtiugly and lan-
guidly with us until we differ about the mode of
carrying on the war, and then against us. Be it so.
Is tins the measure and standard ofaKentuckmn's
love of country ? Were all these florid professions
but painted bubbles, filled with tainted breath ?
What does this mean? Kentucky would remain
true to the Constitution and m the Union; but
then, in a given event, the rebellion would grow
tosuch proportions hs to includpjft/tem Slates. Let
it grow if it will. The gentleman may then learn,
if he is curious, whether we can endure the'' smell
pf gunpowder.'' I represent the gentlemart as I
understood him. Are these the descendants of the
Kentuckiansof 1812; of that gallant host that came
plunging through the woods to our far-off in-
vaded border; who raised the siege of Fort Meigs,
and aided us to pursue and capture a British army
on British soil? Do not say we are ungrateful
for this, or that we would injure Kentuckians.
Already thirty-five thousand bayonets have gone
sparkling over the dividing river from Ohio to
prove that we cannot forget; to prove that we so
detest Kentucky that we thrust our brave and
beautiful ones between her and her foes, and give
her a chance to rally her own sons. What do gen-
tlemen mean by these charges on this floor? Who
is Garfield, and whence come his forty-sccond
regiment? Who is McCook and his ninth? Where
got they their bayonets? And whence came Kin-
ney, who planted his guns within sixty yards of
murderous musketry? And the gallant Standart,
and the fragile, girlish boy Wetmorc, with hislion
heart and Parrottguns? All save McCook and his
ninth are from my own fanaticregion. Standart and
his heroes are from my own city, and Wetmore
took his men from a single neighborhood of my dis-
trict—all identical in sentiment, yet they asked no
question, they made no condition, and they never
will. The blood runs as red and hot and generous
on the breezy shores of Lake Erie as in a more
southern clime. If more men are needed there are
ready thousands to go—take all. The newest
bride shall be widowed; the youngest babe shall
be orphaned; the last hearth shall be left desolate;
and the last heait beat and break under the war-
hoof, without question or condition. No waver-
ing or hesitation weakens an arm or checks the
devotion of my people.
But do not he in haste—no need in the world for
expedition. This blow has only cloven away one
half of ourempire,and a good deal more than half
our sea-coast, and reduccd us to a rugged narrow
belt across the continent, and beleagured our capi-
tal for a few months. This is nothing. Do notfor
that go to being radical, and get ourselves talked
about. You might hurt a rebel's feelings, and
make him uneasy about his property.
Do you remember, sir, the glowing figure of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] who
likened the States to the sons and daughters of a
great family residing in different apartments of
one grand homo mansion that had taken fire?
You remember he, too, represented us Ohioans,
Indianamns, and Illinoisans, as refusing to aid in
extinguishing the flames unless our brothers will
consent to dismiss their servants. Sir, it was these
very domestics that caused this fire, and it is
through their agencies that it is still fed and fanned,
and no power on earth can save the edifice till they
are expelled.
We will not aid, will we? Who furnished these
six hundred thousand men and these six hundred
millions of money? Who now standsbetween Ken-
tucky and the flames, or fearlessly tread the brands
of the conflagration that have charred and black-
ened her?
This mansion is indeed a wondrous edifice, such
as moitals never bcfoie elected. Giand and sub-
lime in its proportions, yet constructed on the
simplest and most elementary principles of art.
With its out-sweeping walls, wide enough to pro-
tect the millions of a continent, yet lifting its dome
so loftily that the western sun flings its shadow
across the sea, and it falls startlingly and ominously
among the pigmy kings and dwarfed tribes of the
far-off Old World.
What priceless riches are hoarded in that struc-
ture. There are gathered all the hearths and hopes
and homes of once happy millions; all the gar-
noied treasures of (he past, the precious present,
and the roots and elements of all the grand future.
There is the fountain of law and justice and gov-
ernment, from whence emanates that protecting,
all-pervading influence we call the "public peace."
And this grand nation-home is on fire; has been
burning for months. The whole south wing is a
roaring mass of molten flames that shoot their
fierce tongues into the heart of the heavens, lick-
ing up the nights, and startling the nations with
theirglcire. 'The fiery mass has rolled against the
very walls of the Capitol, and left them shrunken
and blackened and shriveled by its breath.
And we, sir, many of us, would meet this con-
flagration with its great enemy. We propose to
turn upon it a torrent, compared with which Ni-
agara, with its world of waters leaping from their
cloudy thrones, and crushing themselves in mist,
is but a glittering cascade, " Hold on !" cry out-
singed brothers, with exclamatory horror, "hold
on, you will drown out our domestic institutions,
and besides, your water is unconstitutional any
way." " Hold on," gasps the head of the family,
choked with smoke, with his eye-lashes scorched
off," don't be radical; you may washawayall the
creeping things that infest that wing, and I am
sworn to preserve them. Let me try my gill cup
a while longer, don't be rash, let it burn." Oh,
yes; let it burn ! God give us patience and wis-
dom in this day of our visitation.
To nations, as to individuals, is given but a sin-
gle life; and its hopes and opportunities are meas-
ured by the span of to-day. Who can say when
our to-day shall close. Even now its hours seem
to decline and languish. The sands of its minutes
are crushed to impalpable dust by the fearful bur-
dens lolled upon them—burdens that we must
can'y, or under which we must perish.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, its Secretary, informing the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution for the col-
lection of war statistics, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills and a
resolution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act authorizing an increase of the clerical
force in the War and Navy Departments;
An act to provide for the protection of overland
emigrants to California,Oregon, and Washington
Territory; and
A joint resolution for payment of the expenses
of the joint committee of Congress appointed to
inquire into the conduct of the war.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union,then resumed its session.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Chairman, all of us
believe that the putting down of this rebellion
is the highest political, and a very high moral,
duty. All of us desire to accomplish that object
more than any other earthly object. That we
should differ as to the means which we are to em-
ploy in the accomplishment of this purpose, is not
at all surprising; but I must confess that I have
been somewhat surprised at the means "which some
gentlemen upon this floor express their willing-
ness to invoke in the attainment of this end. I am
somewhat surprised at the views presented by the
gentleman who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Rid-
dle.] I was surprised the other day at the views
which were presented by thegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I understood
him to announce what seemed to mc to be the ex-
traordinary doctrine that this House has power, by
a simple enactment, to emancipate all the slaves
that are held under the laws of the several States.
After hearing that announcement, I was not at all
surprised to hear the further announcement that
in certain exigencies Congress even had the power
to declare, and it might be their duty to declare,
a dictator to control this Government.
I was somewhat surprised, too, when I first
heard the views presented to the House by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] when he
said that it was in the power of Congress, by a
simple legislative enactment, to emancipate the
slaves of all rebels in arms against the Govern-
ment. From these views, I need scarcely say that
1 entirely dissent. I feel the embarrassment of
my position. This is a forum to which I am un-
accustomed. I know that these gentlemen have
long enjoyed a national reputation; but, sir, I have
been accustomed, in laying down rules for the
government of my own action, to form my own
opinions, to deduce my own conclusions, and to
follow those opinions and those conclusions to
their legitimate result. But it is only when I re-
flect that these distinguished gentlemen disagree
with one another, that I take heart and venture to
throw myself upon the indulgence of the House
while I present some views with reference to the
subject of the power of Congress to confiscate
property.
