APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
3 fair Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
beyond the resources of the loyal people, and to
believe that the same patriotism which has thus
far sustained the Government will continue to
sustain it till peace and union shall again bless
the land.
I respectfully refer to the report of the Secretary
of War for information respecting the numerical
strength of the Army, and for recommendations
having in view an increase of its efficiency and the
well-being of the various branches of the service
intrusted to his care. It is gratifying to ltnow
that the patriotism of the people has proved equal
to the occasion, and that the number of troops
tendered greatly exceeds the force which Con-
gress authorized me to call into the field.
I refer with pleasure to those portions of his
report which make allusion to the creditable de-
gree of discipline already attained by our troops,
and to the excellent sanitary condition of the entire
Army.
The i-ecommendation of the Secretary for an
organization of the militia upon a uniform basis,
is a subject of vital importance to the future
safety of the country, and is commended to the
serious attention of Congress.
The large addition to the regular Army, in con-
nection with the defection that has so considera-
bly diminished the number of its officers, gives
peculiar importance to his recommendation for
increasing the corps of cadets to the greatest ca-
pacity of the Military Academy.
By mere omission, 1 presume, Congress has
failed to provide chaplains for hospitals'"occupied
by volunteers. This subject was brought to my
notice, and I was induced to draw up the foim of
a letter, one copy of which, properly addressed,
has been delivered to each of the persons, and at
the dates respectively named and stated, in a
schedule, containing also the form of the letter,
marked A, and herewith transmitted.
These gentlemen, I understand, entered upon
the duties designated, at the times respectively
stated in the schedule, and have labored faithfully
therein ever since. 1 therefore recommend that
they be compensated at the same rate as chap-
lains in the Army. 1 further suggest that general
provision be made for chaplains to serve at hos-
pitals, as well as with regiments.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy pre-
sents in detail the operations of that branch of the
service, the activity and energy which have char-
acterized its adnnnistiation, and the results of
measures to increase its oilicieticy and power.
Such have been the additions, by construction and
purchase, that it may almost be said a navy has
been created and brought into service since our
difficulties commenced.
Ilesides blockading our extensive coast,squad-
rons larger than ever before assembled under our
flag have been put afloat and performed deeds
which have increased our naval renown.
I would invite special attention to the recom-
mendation of tho Secretary for a more perfect or-
ganisation of the Navy by introducing additional
grades in the service.
The present organization is defective and un-
satisfactory, and the suggestions submitted by tho
Department, will, it is believed, if adopted, obviate
the1 difficulties alluded to, promote harmony, and
increase the efficiency of the Navy.
There are three vacancies on (lie bench of the
Supreme Court—two by the decease of Justices
Daniel and McLean, and one by the lesignation
of Justice Campbell. I have so far forborne
making nominations to fill these vacancies for
reasons which 1 will now state. Two of the out-
going judges resided within the States now over-
run by revolt; so that if successors were ap-
pointed in the same localities, they could not now
serve upon their circuits; and many of the most
competent men there probably would not take the
personal hazard of accepting to serve, even here,
upon the supieme bench. I have been unwilling
to throw all the appointments northward, thus dis-
abling myself from doing justice to the South on
the return of j5eace; although 1 may remark that
to transfer to the North one which has heretofore
been in the South, would not, with reference to
territory and population, be unjust.
During the long and brilliant judicial career of
Judge McLean his circuit grew into an empire—
altogether too large for any one judge to give the
courts therein more than a nominal attendance—
rising in population from one mibjUm four hund-
red and seventy thousand and-^eighteen, in 1830,
to six million one hundred and fifty-one thousand
four hundred and five in 1860.
Besides this, the country generally has out-
grown our present judicial system. If uniform-
ity was at all intended, the system requires that
all the States shall be accommodated with circuit
courts attended by supreme judges, while, in
fact, Wisconsin,Minnesota, Iowa, Kansas, Flor-
ida, Texas, California, and Oregon, have never
had any such courts. Nor can this well be rem-
edied without a change of the system; because
the adding of judges to the Supreme Court,
enough for the accommodation of all parts of the
country, with circuit courts, would create a court
altogether too numerous for a judicial body of
any sort. And the evil, if it be one, will in-
crease as new States come into the Union. Cir-
cuit courts are useful, or they are not useful. If
useful, no State should be denied them; if not
useful, no State should have them. Let them be
provided for all, or abolished as to all.
Three modifications occur to itic, either of
which, I think, would be an improvement upon
our present system. Let the Supreme Court bo
of convenient number in every event. Then,
first, let tho whole country be divided into cir-
cuits of convenient size, the supreme judges to
serve in a number of them corresponding to their
own number, and independent circuit judges be
provided for all the rest. Or, secondly, i'et the
supreme judges be iclieved fiom circuit duties,
and ciicmt judges provided for all the circuits.
Or, thirdly, dispense with circuit courts alto-
gether, leaving the judicial functions wholly to
the district courts and an independent Supreme
Court.
I respectfully recommend to tho consideration
of Congress the present condition of the statute
laws, with the hope that Congress will bo able to
find an easy remedy for many of the inconveni-
ences and evils which constantly embarrass those
engaged m the practical administration of them.
Since the organization of tho Government, Con-
gress has enacted some five thousand acts and joint
resolutions, which fill more than six thousand
closely printed pages, and are scattered through
many volumes. Many of these acts have been
drawn in haste, and without sufficient caution, so
that their provisions are often obscure in them-
selves, or in conflict with each other, or at least so
doubtful as to render il \ery difficult foreven the
beat informed pei sons toasceitam precisely what
the statute law really is.
It seems to me very important that the statute
laws should be made as plain and intelligible as
possible, and be reduced to as small a compass as
may consist with the fullness and precision of tho
will of the legislature, and the perspicuity of its
language. This, well done, would, I think,greatly
facilitate the labors of those whose duty it is to
assist in the administration of the laws, and would
be a lasting benefit to the people, by placing be-
fore them, in a more accessible and intelligible
form, the laws which so deeply concern their in-
terests and their duties.
I am informed by some whose opinions I re-
spect, that all the acts of Congress now in force,
and of a permanent and general nature, might be
revised and rewritten, so as to be embraced in one
volume (or at most two volumes) of ordinary and
convenient size. And I respectfully recommend
to Congress to consider of the subject, and, if my j
suggestion be approved, to devise such plan as to ,
their wisdom shall seem most proper for the j
attainment of the end proposed. j
One of the unavoidable consequences of the !
present insurrection is the entire suppression, in
many places, of all tho ordinary means of admin- ;
istering civil justice by the officers, and in the i
lorms of existing law. This is the case, in whole
or in part, m all the insurgent States; and as our j
armies advance upon and take possession of parts '
of those States, the piactical evil becomes more
apparent. There are no courts nor officeis to
whom tho citizens of other States may apply for j
the enforcement of their lawful claims against cit- !
izens of the insurgent States; and there is a vast |
amount of debt constituting such claims. Some h
have estimated it as high as §200,000,000, due, in !!
large part, from insurgents, in open rebellion, to
loyal citizens, who are, even now, making gieat
sacrifices in the discharge of their patriotic duty
to support the Government.
Under these circumstances, I have been ur-
gently solicited to establish, by military power,
courts to administer summary justice in such
cases. I have thus far declined to do it, not be-
cause I had any doubt that the end proposed—the
collection of the debts—was just and right in
itself, but because I have been unwilling to go
beyond the pressure of necessity in the unusual
exeicise of power. But the powers of Congress
I suppose are equal to the anomalous occasion,
and therefore I refer the whole matter to Congress,
with the hope that a plan may be devised for the
administration of justice in all such parts of the
insurgent States and Territories as may be under
the control of this Government, whether by a
voluntary x-eturn to allegiance and order, or by the
power of our arms. This, however, not to be a
permanent institution, but a temporary substitute,
and to cease as soon as the ordinary coui ts can
be leestablished in peace.
It is important that some more convenient
means should be provided, if possible, for the ad-
justment of claims against the Government, es-
pecially m view of their increased number by
reason of the war. It is as much the duty of Gov-
ernment to render prompt justice against itself,
111 favor of citizens, as it is to administer the
same between private individuals. The investi-
gation and ad judication of claims, in their nature
belong to the judicial department; besides, it is
apparent that the attention of Congress will be
more than usually engaged, for some time to
come, with great national questions. It was in-
tended by the organization of the Court of Claims
mainly to remove this branch of business from
the Halls of Congress; but while the court has
proved to be an effective and valuable means of
investigation, it in great degree fails to effect the
object of its creation, for want of power to make
its judgments final.
Fully aware of the delicacy, not to say the
danger, of the subject, I commend to your careful
consideration whether this power of making judg-
ments final may not properly bo given to the
court, reserving the right of appeal on questions
of law to the Supreme Court, with such other
provisions as experience may have shown to be
necessary.
I ask attention to the report of the Postmaster
General, the following being a summary state-
ment of the condition of lhe"Depai'tment:
The revenue from all sources during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1861, including the annual
permanent appropriation of $700,000 for the trans-
portation of free mail matter, was §9,049,996 40,
being about two per cent, less than the revenue for
1860.
The expenditures were §13,600,759 11, show-
ing a decrease of more than eight per cent, as com-
pared with those of the previous year, and leaving
an excess of expenditure over the revenue for the
last fiscal year of §4,5,37,403 71.
The gross revenue for the year ending June 30,
1863, is estimated at an inciease of four per cent,
on that of 1861, malting^8,683,000, to which should
I be added the earnings of the Department in carry-
| mg free matter, viz; $700,000, making §9,383,000.
j *1 he total expenditures for 1863 are estimated
at $12,5-28,000, leaving an estimated deficiency of
$3,145,000, to be supplied from the Treasury, in
addition to the permanent appropriation.
The present insurrection shows, I think, that
the extension of this District across the Potomac
liver, at the time of establishing the capital here,
was eminently wise, and consequently that the
relinquishment of that portion of it which hes
within the State of Virginia was unwise and dan-
gerous. I submit for your consideration the ex-
pediency of regaining that part of the District, and
the restoration of the original boundaries thereof,
through negotiations with the State of Virginia.
The leport of the Secretary of the Interior,
with the accompanying documents, exhibits the
condition of the seveial blanches of the public
business pertaining to that Department. The de-
pressing influences of the insurrection have been
especially felt in the operations of the Patent and
General Land Offices. The cash receipts from
