1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501S
Our Constitution has been presented to the
people in two lights. Two views of it have been
taken. One is, if I understand it, that the na-
tional Government is an extreme central power;
that it is superior, no matter where it acts or upon
what it acts, to all other constitutions and all other
legislatures in this country. Another view is,
thtit the Constitution is a confederacy which, as
I understand now to be interpreted by some gen-
tlemen , means a kind of unilateral contract, bind-
ing on the Government, and, according to the
legitimate result of the argument of gentlemen,
binding upon no one else. From these views I
dissent. I believe that the Constitution of the
United States is a form of government, the effect
of which is a covenant between every individual .
and the whole people, and the whole people and
every individual, by which the Government is
bound to afford protection and the people are
bound to render obedience, upon the terms and on
the conditions set out in that Constitution.
With this general confession offaith,letusopen
the Constitution and look into it for a moment,
and see what it means, and what powers it confers
upon Congress to legislate with reference to the
confiscation of property.
The Constitution defines the crime of treason to
be the levying of war against the United States,
or adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort. It limits the power of Congress to pun-
ish that offense, if the punishment includes a for-
feiture of estate, to forfeitures for the life of the
offender, and therefore no forfeiture can endure
beyond the life of the offender.
There is another provision to which I wish to
call the attention of the House:
u Congi ess shall pass no bill of attainder."
And yet there is another clause:
■'No m.ui shall be deprived of his property except by due
process of law."
With these propositions before us, legal defi-
nitions become of some importance. " Attainder"
I understand to mean aconseqnence upon the con-
viction of crime, which coriupts the blood and
foi feits the property of the person attainted. The
child of the attainted felon becomes a stranger and
an outlaw in the land of his fathers. It was so
111 the English law. A bill of attainder is an
attainder by a legislative act.
In reference to due process of law, I desire the
attention of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] who attempted the other day to give a defini-
tion of this clause of the Constitution to which I do
not assent; and, of course, we both desire to be
right. As I understand," due process of law''is the
process of law embracing the opportunity for de-
fence with the incidents of trial which were in force
ut the time of the adoption of the Constitution,
subject, however, to such modifications as may
from time to time be made by law, but which do not
impair the right as it then existed. That defini-
tion (be gentleman will find in the case of Green
and DnggSj reported in lCurtis's Reports. We
cannot call treason by another name, and avoid
the limitation prescribed in i he Constitution m ref-
erence to the punishment of the offense. Let us
call it by what name we will, it is treason still,
and comes within the constitutional definition.
We cannot take property without due process of
law. Congp-ss cannot confiscate property by its
own act; for it has no authority to pass an act
declarmgany body's propei ty confiscated, because
pioperty cannot he taken except by due process
of law. These propositions are so plain that it
seems to me that I need not delay to consider
them.
The doctrine of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, the distinguished chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, is that Congress has this
power of confiscation, derived from two other
clauses of the Constitution. He says that by the
oath of the President of the United States he is
bound to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution; that he is to see that the laws be faith-
fully executed; and that under that general clause
of the Constitution conferringgcneralpowersupon
Congress to enable it to pass such laws as may be
necessary to carry into effect the specific powers
granted in the Constitution, Congress has the
power to enact this extraordinary law. From
that proposition, as I have already stated, I dis-
sent, because that Constitution is to be taken alto-
gether. Those clauses are not to be extracted and
taken separately from the rest of the instrument.
Congress is to pass only such laws as they have
authority for passing. All the laws which they
may enact must be limited by the provision which
says that no person shall be deprived of property
except by due process of law, and by that other
provision which prohibits it from passing any bill
of attainder. This I understand to be substan-
tially the view which was taken by my valued
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] by his
resolution offered at an early period of the session,
and in his argument in support of it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] finds
the magic words from which he draws his author-"
ity for confiscation in another clause—the clause
authorizing Congress to impose taxes for the pur-
pose of providing for the common defense. I say
that the gentleman, in my judgment, if ho should
insert in that clause the words, "According to the
provisions of this Constitution," would take away
the force of his argument, and it would fall at
once. By the rule of construction applicable in
this case these words are impliedly annexed to
every provision of the Constitution. All its parts
are to be taken together. Thus, therefore, inas-
much as Congress cannot take property but by
due process of law, or provide for a forfeiture but
as the result of an adjudication be-fore a judicial
tribunal, the basis of the gentleman's argument is
taken away, and with the base gone the argument
falls at the same time. I think the gentleman was
as unfortunate m reference to his authorities, if 1
understood them, as he was in quoting the Con-
stitution for the purpose of sustaining this ex-
traordinary proposition, or which seems so to me.
Let us look at this matter a moment. He quoted
from the case of the United Slates vs. Brown; that
was decided long ago by the Supreme Court of
the United States, and was a case where prop-
erty was brought into the country upon the faith
of the laws of the country, and was here at the
breaking out of the war between Great Britain
and the United States, in 1812. This property
was seized at the instance of some private indi-
vidual in a city in Massachusetts, with a view to
its confiscation. The case finally came to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and that tribu-
nal decided that inasmuch as the property was
lawfully brought here, and upon the faith of the
then existing laws, and was here at the time of the
breaking out of the war, it could only be confis-
cated under an act of Congress. And in reference
to that case there is another suggestion which I
wish to make, and that is that it appeared prom-
inently that the Executive had not directed the
proceedings under which the suit was instituted
for the confiscation of that property; and in the
quotations made fiom the Federalist I notice that
the Executive was coupled with Congress in the
execution and conduct of a war.
But it js said by various gentlemen that Con-
gress derives some authority by virtue of the laws
of nations and of war. This again seems to roe
to be an extiaordinary statement. J had supposed
that Congress was oigamzed under the Constitu-
tion; T had supposed it derived all of its powers
from the Constitution; that the people, when they
framed this Constitution, after the Revolution, par-
celed out certain of their powers which apper-
tained to the genera! good of all of the people of
all of the States, and delegated them to the Gen-
eral Government, and had reserved certain othei
powers to the States, and that to these two gov-
ernments they had granted all the power in the
Government which was not reserved to the people.
And i'had supposed that these governments might
operate m complete harmony, each within its
sphere, and while each kept within its sphere it
was impossible for them to come in collision. The
power which was granted by this Constitution
was all that the people delegated to Congress. I
had supposed that the laws of nations and of war
existed independent of Congress, and that they
were made up of treaties and of the usages and
customs of civilized nations, and that Congress
was not an element in the treaty-making power
even under our Constitution; that we had no
power to take from and no power to add to the law
of nations, and that if we attempted to embrace
any law of nations in a legislative act, the moment
we did so, if the act was m accordance with the
Constitution, we degiaded the provision from a
national to a municipal law. But still the law of
nations would be the same, for Congress cannot
i change that law without the consent of other Pow-
; era. So far as I have been instructed in reference to
] the meaning of the Constitution, I understand that
j the powers of Congress fire civil and not military;
j that they arc municipal and not martial. It is true,
i Congress has the power to raise and support ar~
1 mies, to provide and maintain a navy, and to pro-
vide for calling out the militia to suppress insur-
rections and repel invasions. It is also true that
we have the authority to limit the war power" in
one particular, by the third article of the amend-
ment to the Constitution, which recognizes the ex-
istence of the war power as bein^ beyond the con-
trol of Congress except so far as it is restricted by
the Constitution. The clause reads:
" Soldiers shall not in time of peace be quartered in any
house without Hie consent of the owner, nor in time of war
except m the manner to be proscribed by law."
That recognizes the power, and puts a limitation
upon the exercise of its authority.
I cannot therefore believe Congress has the
power to conduct and execute a war, or that Con-
gress derives any authority from the laws of war;
but I think that the laws of war exist as a part of
the law of nations, and are to be executed by the
executive power precisely as other laws are, and
not otherwise. We have no right to modify these
laws; and we have no right to instruct the Exec-
utive how to discharge his duty any more than he
has to instruct us how we are to perform our duty
—no more right to instruct him than ajudge would
have the right to instruct a jury as to a matter of
fact, or a jury to instruct the judge as to a matter
of law.
1 will pass now to the consideration of another
point—that is, as to the power and duties of the
executive department of this Government. Long
ago the division of the powers of government was
conceived by a Roman orator and statesman.
That idea has been exemplified completely in our
institutions, and in that Constitution which con-
tains the sum of human wisdom—in which isgar-
ncred up and preserved all that has been saved to
liberty from the battle-fields of the world. That
Constitution commits the executive powers of the
Government to the executive department. It
makes it the duty of the President to see that the
laws be faithfully executed—to pieserve,protect,
and defend the Constitution of the United States.
These are his duties. Let us look into the nature
of his office and see how he is to perform them.
He is a civil magistrate and a military commander.
As a civil magistrate, he executes the laws by
means of civil authority; and when that civil au-
thority is overborne, the President is remitted to
his military command, and may then do by the
force of the laws of war what he cannot accom-
plish by the laws of peace. By the act of 1795, the
Army and resources of the country are placed at
his disposal to execute these laws. Under it he
summons the nnhtia into the field and sends forth
the regular Army. Then he posses the confines
of a state of peace into a state of war. He then
executes the laws of war upon those who oppose
the execution of the laws of peace until they sub-
mit to the civil jurisdiction.
Where is your constitutional power to say that
your enemies are to be killed m battle, or to be made
prisonersofwar? How arc you toannoyand sub-
due the enemy? The Executive, or the war ex-
ecuting power, is to do this. The people have
committed this power to him. In executing this
duty he may visit on those who oppose its exe-
cution any measure of justice which is warranted
by the laws of war. The powers of Congress
' end when the Army is in the field in battle array.
! The Executive is at its head as Commander-in-
| Chief. The laws of peace then give way, as of
| necessity, to the laws of war; for a state of peace
| is inconsistent with a state of war. The two can-
i not exist together. They must each give way to
| the other in turn. When the enemies of the coun-
• try are subdued, and made subordinate to thelaw,
i then the civil magistrate is in the ascendant, and
| he executes his civil jurisdiction according to the
provisions of the civil law.
What is the law of war? I will tell you what
I understand U to be. It is the law of self-de-
fense applied to a nation—that law which origi-
nated in the councils of Heaven, and which, by
the finger of God, is impressed on all created
things, it is that law which authorizes mc to re-
sort to the strength which slumbers in my own
right arm, to repel an assault upon my person.
