1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1523
Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Harlan, Hairis, Henderson, Howe,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mc-
DougaH, Ne mitb, Sherman, Stark, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Willey, VVinnot, Wilson ot Massachusetts, Wilson
of Missoun, and Wuqht—
NAYS—Messrs. Cliandlet, Clark, Fessenden, Foster,
Gumes, Hale, Howard, Momll, Pomeroy, and Sumner—10.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to enter into any lengthy discussion against
the passage of this bill; but I desire to assign very
briefly the reasons why I shall vote against it. "I
regard the bill as unconstitutional, impolitic, un-
just to the people of the District of Columbia, and
bad faith to the people of Viiginia and Maryland.
In the fifth article of the Constitution you find this
language:
"No person shall be deprived of life, hbcity, or propei ty
without due process of law ; nor *>hall puvate ptopeity be
taken foi public use without just compensation."
In my judgment, this bill plainly and palpably
violates that provision of the Constitution. If
there is anything especially written in the Consti-
tution, it is that no man shall be deprived of his
property without due process of law. What is
the due process of law? We all know that that
has been adjudged time and again, not only in this
country but in England, to be judicial process,
judicial investigation. By this bill, you deprive
the people of the District of Columbia of their
property without process of law; you do it by
legislative enactment. I am aware that gentlemen
meet that argument by the assertion that there can
be no property in slaves. It is too late to make
any such assertion. It has been decided over and
over again by the Supreme Court of the United
States that, under our Constitution, there is prop-
erty in slaves. It has been so recognized by our
laws in various forms. It is so expressly stated in
the treaty of 1782, signed at Paris, making peace
between Great Britain and the Colonies. It is
again so expressly stated in the treaty of peace
between the United States and Great Britain, in
1815, signed at Ghent. It has been decided and so
held by all the courts, I believe, of all the States,
as far as that subject has been litigated. I will
read one single extract from a decision of the court
in Massachusetts. Chief Justice Parker, of Mas-
sachusetts, one of the most eminent jurists of that
State or of the Union, in the case of the Common-
wealth vs. Griffith, which you will find in the sec-
ond volume of Pickering's Reports, page 19, says,
speaking of the Constitution of the United States:
"That instrument was a compiomise. It was a compact
by which all aie bound. We are to consider, then, what
was the intention of the Constitution. The words of it
were used out of delicacy, so as not to offend some in the
convention \vho->e feelings were abhorcnt to slavcty; but
we tlieie entered into an a^ieement that Maves should be
considered as piopeity. Slavery would still have continued
it no Constitution had been made."
That is as clear an exposition as language can
make it. I could refer to half a dozen decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States, and I
could, if I chose, give you a cart load of author-
ities from the various State courts m the Union.
It is too late to meet us with the dogma that there
can be no property in slaves. We know that the
British courts held that there could be property
in slaves. Sir William Scott, one of the most
eminent English jurists, in the case of Le Louis,
decidcd, I think,m 1817, so pronounced distinctly.
But, sir, the gentlemen who advocate this bill are
precluded from asserting that there is no property
in slaves, hpcausc by the bill they propose to pay
the owners a consideration—I admit a very in-
adequate one—for this very property. You rec-
ognize property in slaves when you pay the owner
this sum of $300—the highest amount, I believe,
mentioned in the bill. How, then, can you, when
you pay money out of the national Treasury for
that purpose, say they are not propei ty?
Theie can be no doubt, in my judgment, but
that this bill plainly and palpably violates the pro-
vision of the Constitution that I have read. It is
also declared m the Constitution that you shall not
take private property for public use without just
compensation. You do not take this private prop-
erty for public use; but you take it to turn it adrift,
to turn it afloat upon the country, and you give
the party no just compensation. I hold that you
cannot deprive the citizen of his property except 1
by process of law, and you cannot even take it for j
public use except by making just compensation.
You do not give them just compensation by this
bill. I shall say no more on the constitutional
point. To my mind,itisclear; it is beyond doubt.
This bill is unjust to the people of the District
of Columbia; because it deprives them of one of
their domestic institutions. It is unjust to them
in another respect; because, while you pretend to
pay them, you do not give them a fourth of the
value of their property. The highest amount you
give a citizen for his negro is $300, while every
one in this Senate knows that many of those ne-
groes are worth three or four times that amount.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator is mistaken on that point. The average is to
be $300; but for some may be paid eight or nine
hundied or a thousand dollais; and for others but
a very small sum indeed.
Mr. POWELL. That may be; I was not aware
that it was so; but I have no doubt the Senator
from Massachusetts is correct. At all events,sir,
it is unjust to these people to deprive them of their
property in this way. They have no representa-
tion here; and this Congress should be the pecu-
liar guardians of their interests.
It is in bad faith to the people of Virginia and
Maryland; because, when they ceded this District,
they never dreamed or contemplated that you
would make it a free negro colony in theirmidst;
and while the institution exists in those two States,
it is certainly bad faith to them to free the negroes
here. I venture the prediction, that if this bill is
passed, this District will become a free negro col-
ony; for the clause in regard to voluntary colo-
nization that you have inserted in the bill, will
amount to nothing. They will remain here; and
all the negroes from the surrounding country will
flock here. If you wish to protect the people of
this District from that worst of all population—
free negroes—you should putin a clause requiring
the expulsion of all the free negroes who shall
attempt hereafter to come here. As the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Browning] has very well re-
marked, many of the States have passed laws—
nay, they have constitutional provisions by which
they prohibit this description of population enter-
ing their States; and when gentlemen, who now
seem to favor the negro very much, shall enjoy a
little more of this negro population in their States,
in my judgment, they will all have such provis-
ions. But if you have no law of that kind here,
it will become a free negro coiony,acity of refuge
for all runaway negroes from all the surrounding
States.
I do not think that at this time the people are
in a condition to receive such legislation as this.
You bring it on the country at a time when the
slave States have very limited representation here.
You bring it forward at a time when the people
are taxed to the utmost extent that they are able
to pay for the purpose of supporting the war; and
at such a time you propose to take money out of
the Treasury for the purpose of paying for these
negroes to turn them adrift to become a worth-
less vagabond population. It will be regarded as
an interference with the slavery question, and the
people of the slave States will justly look upon it
with alarm. They would be stupid indeed if they
did not. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mi.
Sumner] announced in his speech that this was
but the first installment. There is much meaning
in that announcement. I suppose we shall have
the second installment to-morrow, and, it may be,
the third installment the next day. Some Sena-
tors, and among them the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] declare that when you get through
with this bill, perhaps you have done with the
subject; but, sir, we had akind of first installment
yesterday, in the passage of the resolution from
the President holding out a bonus to the people
of the border slave States to enter on this work
of emancipation. That, in my judgment, was a
dircct interference.
Mr. President, it was not my purpose to make
any lengthy discussion on this bill, but I could
not permit it to pass without stating my opinions
veiy briefly, and making my earnest protest
against it. It is calculated to do much harm, and
in my judgment can do no good.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I had hoped
that I should be enabled to obtain the floor on the
passage of this bill at rather an earlier hour than
the present; and although it is not my intention
to detain the Senate long, it is certainly, person-
ally very inconvenient to me to be obliged to speak
at this time. However, I made the suggestion to
one of the honorable Senators on the other side,
and assigned to him the reasons, and although
those reasons would, in my judgment appeal to
the sense of courtesy, if not to the humanity, of
almost any man, I find that it is declined. I have*
therefore, to perform a duty which I owe, not to
my own constituents, for they have no particulac
nor immediate interest in the bill, but a duty that
I think I owe, as a member of this body, to my
country. I shall endeavor not to detain the Sen-
ate long in the remarks that I shall make, though
I am now, in some measure, cut free from any
obligation of that kind by the late hour at which
I am obliged to address the Senate, and the denial
of the right to be heard on a future day.
Mr. President, Congress has declared that the
object of this war is the restoration and preserva-
tion of the Union of these States; and I assume
that in the restoration and preservation of the
Union, they mean the preservation of the Consti-
tution and of a republican form of government.
If this be so, then many of the measures which
have been proposed in this body, particularly the
one now before yon, which isaboutto be adopted,
seem, to my judgment, very injudicious, very un-
fortunate, and but ill-adapted to the purpose for
which it is said this war is to be carried on.
I concede, without the slightest reservation, that
the authority of the General Government over the
District of Columbia is precisely the same as the
authority of aState over us territory; that no con-
stitutional objection can arise to the action of Con-
gress in abolishing slavery in this District other
than those that could be made within the bound-
aries of a State under similar provisions of a State
constitution, it is true, but I shall not dwell upon
it, that, in accordance with our form of govern-
ment, one might suppose that in reference to a
measure which in its dircct effect operates on the
property of the citizens of this District, and de-
prives them of that property, and affects their hab-
its, their customs, and their manners, they being
entirely unrepresented in either House, some def-
erence would be paid by Congress to the wishes,
the habits, and the customs of the people here.
Though not a State, they constitute a separate
community; and if I understand the theory of our
Government, which is based on the welfare of the
people at large, its great general principle is dis-
centralization; leaving local matters, which affect
directly local interests, to the wishes and the will
of the people who are to be affected by the legis-
lation. But I pass from that.
Nor, sir, shall I dwell on the question of im-
plied faith arising out of the original cession of
this District to the United States by two slave-
holding States of this Union. No man can doubt
that had it been announced to the Legislatures of
Virginia and Maryland when they voluntarily
ceded their jurisdiction over the District of Co-
lumbia to the United States, that the United States,
while they retained the institution of slavery,
would abolish it within the Districtof Columbia,
no such cession would have been made. There-
fore, in past times, whenever this question has
arisen, though the constitutional power has been
seldom, and I admit wherever it has been con-
tested, inefficiently contested, the great objection
to such a measure has been founded on the implied
faith of the nation arising out of the original ces-
sion by the States of Maryland and Virginia that
no interference with the institution of slavery as
existing in this District should be made while
those States were opposed to such interference.
But, sir, when the personal rights and the per-
sonal liberties of every citizen of this country have
been trampled upon by the Executive of the Uni-
ted States and by the military authority; whentlv
plainest provisions of the Constitution meant to
guaranty those rights have been utterly avoided,
if not with the approval certainly with the con-
nivance and with utter disregard on the part of
Congress, it is idle folly to expect that the ques-
tion of implied faith would interpose any barrier
to the legislation now contemplated. I pass all
those questions.
There is another matter which addresses itself
