1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37™ Coxa...2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
tlie sales of public lands during- the past year
have exceeded the expenses of our land system
only about two hundred thousand dollars. The
sales have been entirely suspended in the south-
ern States, while the interruptions to the business
of the country, and the diversion of large num-
bers of men from labor to military service, have
obstructed settlements in the new States and Ter-
ritories of the Northwest.
The receipts of the Patent Office have declined
in nine months about one hundred thousand dol-
lars, rendering a large reduction of the foice em-
ployed necessary to make it self-sustaining.
The demands upon the Pension Office will be
largely increased by the insurrection. Numerous
applications for pensions, based upon the casual-
ties of the existing war, have already been made.
There is reason to believe that many who are now
upon the pension rolls, and in recciptof the bounty
of the Government, are in the ranks of the insur-
gent army, or giving them aid and comfort. The
Secretary of the Interior has directed a suspension
of the payment of the pensions of such persons
upon proof of their disloyalty. I recommend that
Congress authorize that officer to cause the names
of such persons to be stricken from the pension
rolls.
The relations of the Government with the Indian
tribes have been greatly disturbed by the insur-
rection, especially m the southern superintend-
ency and in that of New Mexico. The Indian
country south of Kansas is in the possession of
insurgents from Texas and Arkansas. Theagents
of the United States, appointed since the 4th of
March, for this su perm tendency have been unable
to reach their posts, while the most of those who
were in office before that time have espoused the
insurrectionary cause, and assume to exercise the
powers of agents by virtue of commissions from
the insurrectionists. It has been stated m the pub-
lic press that a portion of those Indians have been
organized as a military force, and are attached to
the army of the insurgents. Although the Gov-
ernment has no official information upon this sub-
ject, letters have been written to the Commission-
er of Indian Affairs by several prominent chiefs,
giving assurance of their loyalty to the United
States, and expressing a wish for the presence of
Federal troops to protect them. It is believed that
upon the repossession of the country by the Fed-
eral forces the Indians will readily cease all hostile
demoiistiations, and resume their former relations
to the Government.
Agriculture, confessedly the largest interest of
the nation, has, not a department, nor a bureau,
but a clerkship only, assigned to it in the Gov-
ernment. While it is fortunate that this great
interest is so independent in its nature as to not
have demanded and extorted more from the Gov-
ernment, I respectfully ask Congress to consider
whether something more cannot be given volun-
taiily, with general advantage.
Annual reports exhibiting the condition of our
agriculture, commerce, and manufactures would
present a fund of information of great practical
value to the country. While I make no sugges-
tion as to details, 1 venture the opinion that an
agricultural and statistical bureau might profitably
be organized.
The execution of the laws for the suppression
of the African slave trade has been confided to the
Depaitmentof the Inteiior. It is a subject of
gratulation that the efforts which have been made
for the suppression of this inhuman traffic have
been recently attended with unusual success. Five
vessels being fitted out for the slave trade have
been seized and condemned. Two mates of ves-
sels engaged in the trade, and one person in equip-
ping a vessel as a slaver, have been convicted and
subjected to the penalty of fine and imprisonment,
and one captain, taken with a cargo of Africans
on board his vessel, has been convicted of the
highest grade of offense under our laws, the pun-
ishment of which is death.
The Territories of Colorado, Dakotah, and
Nevada, created by the last Congress, have been
organized, and civil administration has been in-
augurated therein under auspices especially grat-
ifying, when it is considered that the leaven of
treason was found existing in some of these new
countries when the Federal officers arrived there.
The abundant natural resources of these Ter-
ritories, with the security and protection afforded
by organized government, will doubtless invite to
them a large immigration when peace shall restore
the business of the country to its accustomed
channels. I submit the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Colorado, which evidence the patriotic
spirit of the people of the Territory. So far the
authority of the United States has been upheld in
all the Territories, as it is hoped it will bo in the
future. I commend their interests and defense to
the enlightened and generous care of Congress.
I recommend to the favorable consideration of
Congress the interests of the District of Colum-
bia. The insurrection has been the cause of much
suffering and sacrifice to its inhabitants, and as
they have no representative in Congress, that body
should not overlook their just claims upon the
Government.
At your late session a joint resolution was
adopted authorizing the President to take meas-
ures for facilitating a proper representation of the
industrial interests of the United Statcsat the ex-
hibition of the industry of all nations to beholden
at London in the year 1862. I regret to say I have
been unable to give personal attention to this sub-
ject—a subject at once so interesting in itself, and
so extensively and intimately connected with the
material prosperity of the world. Through the
Secretaries of State and of the Interior a plan, or
system, has been devised and partly matured,
and which will be laid before you.
Under and by virtue of the act of Congress
entitled "An act to confiscate property used for
insurrectionary purposes," appiovcd "August 6,
18G1, the legal claims of certain persons to the
labor and service of certain other persons have
become forfeited; and numbers of the latter, thus
liberated, are already dependent on the United
States, and must be provided for in someway.
Besides this, it is not impossible that some of the
States will pass similar enactments for their own
benefit respectively, and by operation of which
peisons of the same class will be thrown upon
them fordisposal. In such case I recommend that
Congress pi ovide for accepting such persons from
such States, accoidmg to some mode of valuation,
in lieu, pro tanto, of direct taxes, or upon some
other plan to be agreed on with such States re-
spectively; that such persons, on such acceptance
by the General Government, be at once deemed
tree; and that, m any event, steps be taken for
colonizingboth classes (or theonefirstmentioned,
if the other shall not be brought into existence,)
at some place, or places, in a climate congenial to
them. It might be well to consider, too, whether
the free colored people already in the United States
could not, so far as individuals may desire, be
included in such colonization.
To carry out the plan of colonization may in-
volve the acquiring of territory, and also the
appropriation of money beyond that to be ex-
pended m the territorial acquisition. Having prac-
ticed the acquisition of tcintoiy for neaily sixty
years, the question of constitutional power to do
so is no longer an open one with us. The power
was questioned at first by Mr. Jefferson, who,
however, in the purchase of Louisiana, yielded
his scruples on the plea of great expediency. If
it be said that the only legitimate object of ac-
quiring territory is to furnish homes for white
men, this measure effects that object; for the emi-
gration of colored men leaves additional room for
white men remaining or coming heie. Mr. Jeffer-
son, however, placed the importance of procur-
ing Louisiana more on political and commercial
grounds than on providing room for population.
On this whole proposition, including the appro-
priation of money with the acquisition of terri-
tory, does not the expediency amount to absolute
necessity—that, without which the Government
itself cannot be perpetuated?
The war continues. In consideiing the policy
to be adopted for suppressing the insurrection, I
have been anxious and careful that the inevitable
conflict for this purpose shall not degenerate into
a violent and remorseless revolutionary struggle.
I have, therefore, in every case, thought it proper
to keep the integrity of the Union prominent as
the primary object of the contest on our part,
leaving all questions which are not of vital mili-
tary importance to the more deliberate action of
the Legislature.
In the exercise of my best discretion I have
adhered to the blockade of the ports held by the
insurgents, instead of putting in force, by proc-
lamation, the law of Congress enacted at the late
session for closing those ports.
So, also, obeying the dictates of prudence, as
well as the obligations of law, instead of tran-
scending, I have adhered to the act of Congress to
confiscate property used for insurrectionary pur-
poses. If a new law upon the same subject shall
be proposed, its propriety will be duly considered.
The Union must be preserved; and hence, all in-
dispensable means must bcemployed. Weshould
not be m haste to determine that radical and ex-
treme measures, which may reach the loyal as
well as the disloyal, are indispensable.
The inaugural address at the beginning of the
Administration, and the message to Congress at
the late special session, were both mainly devoted
to the domestic controversy out of which the in-
surrection and consequent war have sprung.
Nothing now occurs to add or subtract to or
from the principles or general purposes stated
and expressed in those documents.
The last ray of hope for preserving the Union
peaceably, expired at the assault uponFoit Sum-
ter; and a general review of what lias occurred
since may not be unprofitable. What was pain-
fully uncertain then, is much better defined and
more distinct now; and the progress of events is
plainly in the right direction. The insurgents
confidently claimed a strong support from north
of Mason and Dixon's line, and the friends of the
Union were not free from apprehension on the
point. This, however, wassoon settled definitely,
and on the right side. South of the line, noble
little Delaware led off right from the first. Ma-
ryland was made to semi against the Union. Our
soldiers were assaulted,bridges were burned,and
railroads torn up within her limits, and we were
many days, at one time, without the ability to
bring a single regiment over her soil to the capi-
tal. Now, her bridges and railroads jare repaired
and open to the Government; she already gives
seven regiments to the cause of the Union, and
none to the enemy; and her people, at a regular
election, have sustained the Union by a larger
majority and a larger aggregate vote than they
ever before gave to any candidate or any ques-
tion. Kentucky, too, for some time in doubt,
is now decidedly, and, 1 think, unchangeably,
ranged on the side of the Union. Missouri is
comparatively quiet, and I believe cannot again
be overrun by the insunectionists. Thexe three
States of Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri,
neither of which would promise a single soldier
at first, have now an aggregate of not less than
forty thousand in the field, for the Union; while,
of their citizens, certainly not more than a third
of that number, and they of doubtful whereabouts
and doubtful existence, are in arms against it.
After a somewhat bloody struggle of months,
winter closes on the Union people of western
Virginia, leaving them masters of their own
country.
An insurgent force of about fifteen hundred, for
months dominating the narrow peninsular region
constituting the counties of Accomac hnd North-
ampton, and known as eastern shore of Virginia,
together with some contiguous parts of Maryland,
have laid down their arms; and the people there
have renewed their allegiance to, and accepted the
protection of, the old flag. This leaves no aimed
insurrectionist north of the Potomac or east of the
Chesapeake.
Also we have obtained a footing at each of the
isolated points, on the southern coast, of Hatteras,
Port Royal, Tybee Island, near Savannah, and
Ship Island; and we likewise have some general
accounts of popular movements, in behalf of the
Union, in North Carolina and Tennessee.
These things demonstrate that the cause of the
Union is advancing steadily and certainly south-
ward .
Since your last adjournment, Lieutenant Gen-
eral Scott has retired from the head of tfie Army.
During his long life, the nation has not been un-
mindful of his merit; yet, on calling to mind how
faithfully, ably, and brilliantly he has served the
country, from a time far back in our history, when
few of the now living had been born, and thence-
forward continually, I cannot but think we are
