THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
t&ourconside'fcfcion: in the performance of an act ;
whtoh the majority of this Chamber believe to be <
rightful and proper, the mode of its performance, 1
at least, ought to be regarded. I suppose in this
daywe are not more moral, we are not wiser,
we do not understand constitutional law better,
than did our forefathers. In all the States of this
Union in which slavery formerly existed, at the
time of the formation of the Constitution, in deal-
ing with that institution, they adopted the prin-
ciple of gradual emancipation in contradistinction
to this principle or rule of immediate emancipa-
tion. In the States of Rhode Island, Connecticut,
New York, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey, the
only States, I believe, that by statutory enactment
have abolished slavery, the rule and principle
adopted was not toaffectexistingrightsofproperty
in slaves, but to declare all born after the passage
of the law free, so as to tei'minate an institution
that they believed no longer compatible with the
interests of their communities, or with their judg-
ment, or with what was the proper relation of the
races as it existed among them; but without any
violation of the rights of property whatever, with-
out any interference? with the rights of property
whatever. It seems, however, we have grown
wiser in our day. Perhaps we have grown more
philanthropic; that is, more philanthropic where
wc can deal with the property of others without
Any expense to ourselves.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man1] has well and appropriately designated this as
an experiment. Where I differ from him is, that
I think this is the most inauspicious timeat which
you can attempt to deal in experiments, when you
are in the midst of a civil war; and that, too, m
relation to a question which, from the differences
of opinion that have existed in the country, has
had a great bearing on the disastrous state of
affairs that now exists. But, sir, I know—1 can
see from the votes in this Chamber and the opin-
ions expressed—that objections to this bill are
idle. Besides, I might well ask when did power
in its headlong course ever pause in the pursuit
of its object?
There are some questions connected with this
bill that have not been presented to the Senate;
and I shall now proceed to address myself to the
structure of the bill. I am opposed to the meas-
ure, without reference to its structure, because I
think it unwise, not unconstitutional. I am op-
posed to this particular bill, becau.sc I think it
both unwise and unconstitutional as it is brought
before the Senate; and I shall endeavor to estab-
lish that proposition. The constitutional objec-
tion is not to the authority of Congress over'the
District of Columbia, but it relates to the mode in
which this bill is constructed. The last clause of
the fifth article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution, which at the time it was adopted it was
supposed would be some guarantee—but, alas!
it has been found to be a feeble one against the
aggressions of power—is in these words:
u Nor shall [any person] he compelled in any criminal
case to be a witness* aeamr-t himself,noi be deprived ofhfe,
liberty, or property without due process of Jaw ; nor sliall
private property be taken for public use without just com-
pensation."
I admit the right tn the Government of the Uni-
ted States to take property in this District or else-
where for public use, precisely as it exists in the
States within their jurisdiction; but they are all
subject to the restriction which exists in our Con-
stitution, and which exists in every State consti-
tution in this country. It is a principle of internal
justice, which no nation ever violated with impu-
nity, that no State can seize upon the property of
its citizens for public purposes without compen-
sation to the individual whose property is taken.
Is this bill as framed within the restriction im-
posed by that clause of the Constitution?
_ Now, sir, what has been the judicial construc-
tion of that clause in reference to other property
in several of the States of this Union r I think I
cannot be mistaken, that there are but two modes
in which a State, by virtue of its right of eminent
domain—and the restriction applies as well to
Congress as to the States whose constitutions also
contain such a provision—can take private prop-
erty for public use. One is by agreement with
the owner, by which they pay him a sum agreed
upon; the other is where they take the property
and provide an impartial tribunal which shall act
judicially in' ascertaining the value of the prop-
erty so taken. What does this bill do? Itadopis
the second mode; it provides a tribunal. I con-
cede that it is' not necessary that that tribunal
should consist bf a jury, that ybu may provide a
tribunal, whether of three or five men for the pur-
pose; but, sir, look at the restriction. The pro-
vision of the Constitution is not worth the paper
on which it-is written if the power which takes
the property'can impose a restriction upon the
impartial ascertainment of the value by the tribu-
nal it constitutes. Such have been the decisions
of the courts in reference to other property in the
States of this Union. If you can impose one re-
striction, you can impose more.
If you can say that the slave shall not be valued
above $300 a man, or that the aggregate amount
shall not exceed $1,000,000, you may just as
well say the aggregate amount shall not exceed
$1,000, or that the value shall not exceed fifty dol-
lars for each slave. You have the same right
under that clause of the Constitution to impose one
restriction as.the other. You destroy and subvert
entnely the effect of the restriction the moment
you attempt to limit the power of the tribunal act-
in ^judicially for the purpose of ascertaining value.
Such is the doctrine of the com ts. You will find
it decided by1 Judge Curtis in reference to the
temperance law in Rhode Island in a case involv-
ing a similar principle precisely: that a restriction
upon a right, no matter how minute, no matter
| how little it weighs upon the party, if prohibited
by the constitution of the State, makes the Jaw
invalid and unconstitutional. So it docs here.
If your law had stopped with providing that this
tribunal might adjudicate the value of these slaves,
and pay the parties their value, it would have
been valid and constitutional; but the moment
Congress step in and say that that tribunal shall
be fettered in its judgment, that it shall not allow
more than so much as the average, or so much in
the aggregate, yon destroy the judicial character
and capacity of the tribunal altogether. If you
can destroy it to a minor extent, you may make
the limitation what you please; and then what is
the restriction m the Constitution worth? The
result is, that the power which takes the property
may impose its own terms. There is no longer
any restiiction whatever. If you can lake it at
a sum to be prescribed by yourselves, and you
can limit the tribunal you appoint, so that itshall
not allow the value of the property taken, but
shall be restricted by your legislative action, then,
of course, the principle is precisely the same,and
the violation of the Constitution is just the same.
The extent, as regards the injury to the individ-
ual, may be less; but the violation of the letter
and spirit and intent of the Constitution is just
as strong in the one case as in the other. I sup-
pose this to be a fatal objection to the bill as framed.
But, sir, it does not stop there. I do not mean
to dwell as I could do, and expatiate on this sub-
ject further. 1 have other objections to state, and
which equally look to the unconstitutionality of
this bill,and I shall proceed with them. I believe
the bill now before the Senate, as amended—the
amendments are immaterial to my argument—is
the bill entitled, "a bill for the release of certain
persons held to service or labor in the District of
Columbia." In the second section of that bill it
is provided:
Tlmtali persons loyal to the United States holding claims
to service or labor against peisons discharged theiefrom by
this act may, within ninety days from tbe"pA?sage theieoi',
but not thereafter, present to the commissioners hereinafter
mentioned their respective statement* ot petition^ in writ-
ing, verified by oath or affirmation, setting foith the naine^.
ages, and personal desmption of such persons, the manner
m which said petittonuis acq uiied such claim, and any facts
touching the value theieof, and dcelanng his allegiance to
the Government of the United States."
There was another amendment adopted to that,
but as they all come within the same principle,
though it would strengthen the argument, it does
not alter it. You abolish slavery m the District
'i of Columbia, you declare every slave to be free;
j1 and you must do it, I suppose, under the prin-
j' ciple that you are bound to make compensation,
;j for you tender compensation in the second sec-
: lion, and you provide for the tribunal to give thot
■ compensation. I pass over the restiictions now,
■ for the purposes of this argument; butin that sec-
1 tion you provide that loyal citizens alone shall be
entitled to present their claims. 1 do not know,
!i from the frame of the bill, whether it is the com-
missioners, or the Secretary of the Treasury, or
the Secretary of the Interior, or the President,
who has the right to determine this question of
loyalty; but the party is to be loyal, and to make
certain declarations, or else he is not to be com-
pensated. Now, sir, let us look again to the pro-
visions of the fifth article of the amendments to
the Constitution, and see how such legislation as
that tallies with it. No man is to be deprived of
life, liberty, or property without due process of
law; and in a previous portion of the article it is
declared:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital or oth-
erwise infamous ctiine, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jmy, except in cases arising in the land or
naval forces, or in the militia, when m actual service in
time of war or public danger; nor shall any person for the
same offense be twice put in jeopardy of life ov limb."
Well, sir, what is the effect of this bill ? Gen-
tlemen seem to find it necessary, when they are
abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia, to
mix up with it their ideas of confiscation. On
what principle is it, sir, that you can undertake
to require fiom any man if you take his property,
a condition that he shall do anything extraneous
to the proof of property ? That is the case which
Judge Curtis dccided in Rhode Island—that you
could require no extraneous condition. You say
that he must be loyal, or he shall not be paid. Is
that loyalty to consist in sentiments ? Is it to be
evidenced by spoken woids or by acts? No mat-
ter which, if it is not a crime, if it is not an offense
against your laws, or if it is an offense against
your laws which do not prescribe confiscation of
property as the penalty of that offense, what right
have you to take the property of a convicted mur-
derer, if you please, and confiscate it because he
isa murderer? The law makes no discrimination.
The Constitution guards the rights of the guilty
as well as the innocent m reference to all other
matteis. A man may have been guilty of mur-
der, of felony of any kind, of treason; but until
his conviction you have no right under the Con-
stitution to confiscate his property. It is confis-
cation, if you value his property, which you say
is to be valued, and refuse to pay him that value.
You admit the right to compensation, by your
bill; but if you allow this board of commissioners
to determine on the question of loyalty, and to
withhold payment because of disloyalty, what is
that but punishment of the party by the veidictof
tin ee men, without ti ial, without offense known to
the laws. JVJr. President, you cannot, no man can
answer the objection. It is nothingmore than the
exercise of arbitrary power which seizes upon the
property of the individual and confiscates it for
the public use while it holds out the nominal idea
of compensation. If a man has aided and abetted
the enemy he ought to be punished, and he may
be punished under the laws of the land.
Recollect, sir, 1 am speaking of a law applica-
ble to property in this District, where the courts
arc open, where the laws are in full force and ca-
pable of being enforced against any man whatever.
What right, then, have you—for I shall notice
presently this question whether slaves arc prop-
erty—to take the property of a man in this way
for disloyalty? Suppose it is land. Could you
take the land of a man because he was not loyal,
and confiscate it without trying him? But how
absurd would this doctrine about loyalty be when
applied as a question of crime. Would you pass
a law authorizing a man to be indicted for want
of loyalty, for disloyalty? Why, sir, you would
have the most capricious verdicts imaginable, and
you would have every court in the country differ-
ing as to what constituted disloyalty. It is in-
definite in its nature. Your Constitution meant
to guard against that. It prescribes in what trea-
son consists, and disloyalty is only a crime under
the definitions of the Constitution. It may sub-
ject a man to reproach; it may subject him, m the
opinion of his fellow-citizens, to merited reproach;
but it is not a crime under the laws, nor could you
pass any law which would justify the trial of a
man on so general and indefinite a charge without
violating every principle of justice that is known
to civilized nations.
But suppose you deny compensation to those
who have aided and abetted the enemy. I put it
in the strongest position there. Those who have
aided and abetted the enemy! admit are guilty of
treason: they aie to be punished; but does the
law authorize you here in the District of Colum-
