APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
37 th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
still his debtors. I submit, therefore, for your
consideration, what further mark of recognition is
due to him and to ourselves, as a grateful people.
With the retirement of General Scott carnc the
executive duty of appointing, in his stead, a gen-
eral-in-chief of the Army. It is a fortunate cir-
cumstance that neither in council nor country
was there, so far as I know, any difference of opin-
ion as to the proper person to be selected. The
retiring chief repeatedly expressed his judgment
in favor of General McClellan for the position;
and in this the nation seemed to give a unanimous
concurrence. The designation of General McClel-
lan is, therefore, in considerable degree, the selec-
tion of the country, as well as of the Executive;
and hence there is better reason to hope there will
be given him the confidence and cordial support
thus, by fair implication, promised, and without
which lie cannot, with so full efficiency, serve
the country.
It has been said that one bad general is better
than two good ones; and the suymg is true, if
taken to mean no more than that an army is bet-
ter directed by a single mind, though inferior,
than by two superior ones at variance and cross-
purposes with each other.
And the same is true in all joint operations
wherein those engaged can have none but a com-
mon end in view, and can differ only as to the
choice of means, in a storm at sea, no one on
board can wish the ship to sink; and yet, notun-
frequently,nlIgodown together, because too many
will direct, and no single mind can be allowed to
control.
It continues to develop that the insurrection is
largely, if not exclusively, a war upon the first
principle of popular government—the rights of the
people. Conclusive evidence of this is found in
the most grave and maturely considered public
documents, as well as in the general tone of the
insurgents. In those documents we find the abridg-
ment of the existing vight of suffrage, and the de-
nial to the "people of all right to participate in the
selection of public officers, except the legislative,
boldly advocated, with labored arguments*to prove
that large control of the people m government is
the source of all political evil. Monarchy itself
ia sometimes hinted at as a possible refuge from
the power of the people.
In my present position, I could scarcely be jus-
tified wen; I to omit raising a warning voice against
this approach of returning despotism.
It is not needed, nor fitting here, that a general
argument «hould be made in favor of popular in-
stitutions; but there is one point, with its con-
nections, not so hackneyed as most others, to
which i ask a brief attention. It is the effort to
place capital on an equal footing with, if not above,
labor, in the structure of government. It is as-
sumed that labor is available only in connection
with capital; that nobody labors unless somebody
else, owning capital, somehow by the use of it,
indur.es him to labor. This assumed, it is next
considered whether it is best that capitahshall hire
laborers, and thus induce them to work by their
own consent, or buy them, and drive them to it
without their consent. 1 laving proceeded so far,
itis naturally concluded thatalflaborers are either
hired laborers, or what we call slaves. And fur-
ther, it is assumed that whoever is once a hired
laboier, is fixed in that condition for life.
Now, there is no such relation between capital
and labor as assumed; nor is there any such thing
as a free man being fixed for life in the condition
of a hired laborer. Both these assumptions are
false, and all inferences from them arc ground-
less.
Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital.
Capital is only the Iruit of labor, and could never
have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor
is the superior of capital, and deserves much the
higher consideration. Capital hasits rights, which
are as worthy of protection as any other rights.
JNToi'/s it denied that there is, and probably always
will be, a relation between labor and capital, pro-
ducing mutual benefits. The error is in assuming
that the whole labor of community exists within
that relation. A few men own capital, and that
few avoid labor themselves, and with their cap-
ital hire or buy another few to labor for them.
A large majority belong to neither class—neither
work for others, nor have others working for
them. In mostof the southern States, a majority
of the whole people of all colors are neither slaves
nor masters; while in the northern, a large ma-
jority are neither hirers nor hired. Men with their
families—wives, sons, and daughters—work for
themselves, on their farms, in their houses, and
in their shops, taking the whole product to them-
selves, and asking no favors of capital on the one
hand, nor of hired laborers or slaves on the other.
It is not forgotten that a considerable number of
persons mingle their own labor with capital—that
is, they labor with their own hands, and also buy
or hire others to labor for them; but this is only
a mixed, and not a distinct class. No principle
stated is disturbed by the existence of this mixed
class.
Again: as has already been said, there is not, of
necessity, any such thing as the free hired laborer
being fixed to that condition for life. Many in-
dependent men everywhere in these States, a few
years back in their lives, were hired laborers.
The prudent, penniless beginner in the world
labors for wages awhile, saves a surplus with
which to buy tools or land for himself; then labors
on his own account another while, and at length
hires another new beginner to help him. This is
the just and generous and prosperous system,
which opens the way to all, gives hope to all, and
consequent energy and progress and improve-
ment of condition to all. No men living are more
worthy to be trusted than those who toil up from
poverty—none less inclined to take or touch aught
which they have not honestly earned. Let them
beware of surrendering a political power "which
they already possess, and which, if surrendered,
will surely be used to close the door of advance-
ment against such as they, and to fix new disa-
bilities and burdens upon them, till all of liberty
shall be lost.* -
From the first taking of our national census to
the last are seventy years; and wc find our popu-
lation at the end of the period eighttimesas great
as it was at the beginning. The increase of those
other things which men deem desirable has been
even greater. Wc thus have, at one view, what the
popular principle applied to government,through
the machinery of the States and the Union, has
produced in a given time; and also what, if firmly
maintained, it promises for the future. There are
already among us those who, if the Union be pre-
served ,will live to see itcontain two hundred and
fifty millions. The struggle of to-day is not alto-
gether for to-day—it is for a vast future also.
With u reliance on Providence, all the more firm
and earnest, let us proceed in the great task which
events have devolved upon us.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, December 3, 1861.
Report of tlxe Postmaster General.
Post Office Department,
December 2, 1861.
Sir: Respecting the operations and condition
of this Department, dming the past fiscal year,
ending June 30, 18G1, I have the honor to report
as follows:
appoixtmen't office.
The operations of the appointment office, for
the year ending June 30,1801, show the following
result:
The whole number of post offices in operation
on the 30th June, I860, was 28,493.
The whole number on the 30th June, 1861, was
28,586.
The net increase of post offices during the year
ending the 30th June, 1861, is 88.
The total number of post offices at which
appointments are made by the President of the
United States, on the 30th June, 1861, was 434.
The table (No. 1) annexed to this report shows
the number of each class of offices in the several
States and Territories of the Union.
The whole number of cases acted upon during
the last official year, including the appointments
ordered by the President of the United States,
was 10,63$. The whole number of appointments
made by the Department during that year for all
causes, was 9,235. The number of appointments
ordered by the President, during the same period,
was 337. The classification of these changes by
States will appear in the table, (No. 3,) and a
summary of them in the table (No. 3) annexed
to this report.
The whole number of post offices in operation
in the United States on the 1st day of December,
1861, excluding those discontinued by special or-
der, and including those suspended by the general
orders of May and June last, was 2R,620.
special agents, route agents, and local
agents.
The number of special agents m the employ-
ment of the Department on the 30th of June last
was 16. The extraordinary condition of the coun-
try, and the exigencies of the service in certain
States, rendered it necessary to increase this num-
ber, up to the present time, to 20.
During the last fiscal year the number of route
agents in the service was 474, at an annual cost
of $372,240.
The number of local agents was 40, at an annual
cost of #25,419.
At the close of the year, on the 30th of June last,
the number of route agents was rcduced to 392, at
a cost of $294,460.
The number of local agents was reduced to 35,
at a cost of $19,719.
These agents are paid salaries generally ranging
from $400 to $800 per annum, and from the large
proportion of railroad transportation have become
an important and indispensable branch of the ser-
vice in distributing and dispatching the mails.
The special agents are the eyes and hands of the
Department, to detect and arrest violators of the
law, and to render the mails a safe and rapid means
of communication. In their selection T have en-
deavored to secure the qualities of integrity, sa-
gacity, and efficiency. While the duties of route
agents are different, they are always of greater
importance and more onerous than is commonly
apprehended, and require, to a great degree, the
qualities of character above described.
foreign, mail service.
The aggregate amount of postage (sea, inland,
and foreign) on mails exchanged with the
United Kingdom was   $7H6.274 67
Prussia  266,275 38
France  220.394 31
Hamburg    41,260 95
Bremen  36,943 29
Belgium    10,£88 10
Total postages on European mails $1,362,036 70
Being a decrease from the amount reported for
the preceding year of $14,365 55.
The sea conveyance of these mails was per-
formed as follows:
By United States mail packcts.
Of the New York and Havre Steamship Com-
pany .-$105,057 58
Of Vanderbilt's European line  56,894 16
Of the Nortli Atlantic Steamthip Company... 41,706 25
Total  203,657 99
By foreign steai)icr<; employed as United States
2iackets.
Of the Canadian line $169,803 42
Of the Liverpool and New York
and Philadelphia Steamship
Company 131,071 51
Of the North Geiman Lloyd Com-
pany  112,718 18
Ot the New Yoik and Ilamfouig
Steamship Company   65,761 00
  479,384 11
By British contract wail packets.
Of the Canard line $650,310 81
Of the Gal way line ' 28,633 79
  678,994 60
T«tal $1,302,036 70
Of this amount there was collected in the United
States  §814,444 39
And in the United Kingdom, Prussia, France,
Hamburg, Bremen, aiid Belgium  547,598 31
Excess of collections in the United States. ..$268,802 08
The cost of collecting which, in commissions
at United States post offices, at an estimated
average of forty per cent., would amount to
".06,740 83.
The number of letters and newspapers ex-*
