-502
THE CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.
January 27,
It-is the law which is inalienable in every indi-
vidual; which exists in cach, and may be exer-
cised by all. It ispossessed by every member of
tha State, and inherent in the State itself. It is
not defined, say the gentlemen. In one sense it
is not. It is-the law of necessity. The gentle-
man from Ohio, who addressed the House many
days ago, [Mr. Pendleton,] said that necessity
was aiwaysthe plea of tyrants,and that this war
power was a dangerous power. But I ask this com-
mittee who ever knew a state of war where there
was no danger? T believe that even on the banks
of the Potomac there is some danger. If a man,
under the guise of martial law, undertakes to do
any act for the gratification of malice or revenge,
he is amenable to the civil tribunal on the return
of a peace, precisely like the man who abuses the
law of self-defense for the purpose of inflicting
punishment on the man who assaults him. It is
the duty of the President to execute a war. So
says the Supreme Court in the case of the United
States and Brown. I will read an extract from
the opinion of Judge Story in that case;
"The sovereignty as to declaring war and limiting its
effects rests with the Legislature. The sovereignty as to
its execution rests with the President. If the Legislature
do not limit the nature of the war, all the regulations and
rights of general war attach upon it. I do not, therefore,
contend that modern usage of nations constitutes a rule act-
ing 011 enemies' property, so as to produce confiscation of
itself, and not through the sovereign power; on the con-
trary, I consider enemies' property in no case whatsoever
confiscated by the mere declaration of war; it is only liable
to,he confiscated at the discretion of the sovereign power
having the conduct and execution of the war. The. modern
usage of nations is resorted to merely as a limitation of this
discretion, not as conferring the authority to exercise it.
TKo cnirnraiimiit .^ u J.     _i .. . ... .
mies' property does not exist in the Evecutivc, to be exer-
cised in his discretion, how is it possible that lie ea-n have
authority to seize and confiscate any enemies' pioporty
coming into the country since the war, or found in the ene-
mies' teiritory? Yet I understood the opinion of my breth-
ren to proceed upon the tacit acknowledgment that the
Executive may seize and confiscate such property under
the circumstances which J have stated."
Mr. BINGHAM. Whether Judge Story nn-
derstood it So or not, I beg- leave to say that Chief
Justice Marshall excludes any such conclusion by
the very words of his opinion.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. That I deny.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, read that.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The gentleman can read
the case. I have it here.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have read it, and set it
out too.
Mr..SHEFFIELD. The gentleman took an
isolated clause of that opinion. The opinion of
the court is, that the execution and direction of a
war is with the President. There was no differ-
ence of opinion on that point. The point on which
the court did differ was precisely as if the prop-
erty of agentleman from the State of South Caro-
lina had heen in the State of New York before, the
rebellion, and was seized and sought to be con-
fiscated in New York after the rebellion, without
net of Congress or the direction of the Executive.
Upon the authority of this case the execution of
the war is with the President, and not with Con-
gress. Will any gentleman attempt to say, then,
that we can pass a law to-day directing the Presi-
dent to fight the enemy to-morrow at Manassas?
Certainly not. He is to execute the law accord-
ing to the rules of war and according to his con-
viction of duty, and he is to determine when a
state of war exists. On that point I desire to call
the attention of the committee to the declaration
of Chief Justice Taney, in the case of Luther and
Borden:
'' It is saui that this power in the President is dangerous
to liberty, tind may be abused. All power may be abused if
placed m unworthy hands. It would be difficult to point
out any other hands in which this power would be more
salCjaiidatthesametimeequallyeffectual. When citizens
ot the same State are in arms against each other, and the
constituted authorities unable to execute the laws, the in-
terposition of the United States must be prompt, or it is of
little value. The ordinary course of proceedings in courts of
justicc would be utterly unfit for the ciisis. And the eleva-
ted office ol the President, chosen as he is by the people of
tlic United States, and the high responsibility he could not
fail to teel when acting in a case of so much moment, appeal
to furnish as strong safeguards against a willful abuse of
power a5 human foresight and prudence could well pro-
vide." r
Congress can pass no law now that it could not
as well pass in times of profound peace, for the
Constitution is the same now and always.
As to the exercise of those powers by the Ex-
ecutive, I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to another case, with which legal gentlemen
are familiar, the case of Cross and Harrison,
where it was decided by the Supreme Court that
after the laws had been extended over the Terri-
tory of California, and before the.ofiicers of the
lawhad arrived there, the military authorities had
the right to execute the laws. Now, I ask gen-
tlemen to show me the distinction between that
cas.e and the case which arose in the city of Bal-
timore, where the civil power was overborne and
the laws made silent, and where the President un-
dertook to execute thelaws. In the one case.there
was nobody who had the power to execute the
civil laws; and in the other case there was no one
who had the ability or disposition to do it. It
appears to me that the principle is precisely the
same. Now, if this is so, the President of. neces-
sity must execute the laws of war, and to a cer-
tain extent determine when and where he will ex-
ecute those laws, holding himself responsible to
the public for any abuse of the power, and to in-
dividuals for any wrong which he may recklessly
or maliciously inflict upon them. The President
is justified in determining the measure of justice
■ which, according to those laws, he is to admin-
ister.
Now, what is Jie to do about confiscating prop-
erty? In regard to that subject there is an ancient
rule and a modern practice. It is very well sot
forth in the excellent book of Mr. Wheaton on
international law. The ancient law of war, he
says, put the persons and property which the for-
tunes of war had put witlun the power of the vic-
tors completely at the disposal of the victors. But
the modern practice of belligerents has been to
regard the persons and property of non-combat-
ants as exempt from seizure and capture.
That authority sets out both the ancient rule
and the modern practice. Here I may remark
that it appears that in England there has been no
attempt to confiscate the lands of enemies since
the time of the JNorman conquest; and the confis-
cations which took place in this country after and
during the Revolution were before the adoption
of the Constitutions of the United States and of the
States. And while I am upon this subjcct I will
say that I am not without my apprehensions that
if Congress attempts to confiscate the property
of rebels, the effect of such attempt may be to
impair some of the remedies which loyal citizens
may have for wrongs which have been done to
their property by the rebels.
I have no doubt myself that the President, in
marching the Army into the country occupied by
the rebels, may order the capture of any prop-
erty belonging to rebels which lie may find. As
I understand the law of nations, it justifies the
administering of the same measures of justice
against those who are engaged in civil war as in-
dependent nations in a state of solemn war may
administer between one another. I have no doubt
of that. It is too well settled on authority to un-
dertake to raise any question at this time on that
proposition.
Now, gentlemen may ask me what I would do
in Congress in reference to putting down this re-
bellion. I fiankly tell these gentlemen what I
would not do. I would not violate the Constitu-
tion I had sworn to support, and to maintain which
my_fellow-citizens and friends were now endan-
gering their lives upon the battle-field. 1 would
not spend the Ume of this House in trying to de-
preciate the efforts of the Administration and of
the Army in putting down the rebellion, or in
making inflammatory appeals against the horrors
of the institution of slavery, or against those men
who are battling with us for the Union. Now, I
will tell these gentlemen what I would do. I
would direct the attention of Congress to piovid-
ing the moans and the men to put clown the rebel-
lion. ^ We cannot otherwise legislate against it
i effectively. I would put it down in the only way
in which it can bo put down; I would fight it
down. I would move on the Army; and as the
Army went on, I would capture and send to the
rear every loyal person I could find, if slaves
were found among those loyal persons, I would
capture them, and, by the laws of war, as 1 un-
derstand them as pertaining to captured property,
theproprietorshipofsuch slave would immediately
vest in the United States. I would allow the slaves
to remain the property of the United States in the
rear of the Army until treason had been put down,
and until the rightful jurisdiction of the civil au-
thoiities was extended over the whole Union;
and then I would treat the slaves and their mas-
ters asl,in view of the light which then appeared,
should deem to be just to those interested and to
the country.
I am no apologist for slavery: I hate the ac-
cursed institution. I believe it is, as was declared
by Wesley to be, " the sum of all villainies," but
that it is a question with which this House has
nothing to do in the legislation it is called on at this
time to initiate. Other gentlemen may think other-
wise, and tliey have as good right to their opin-
ions asl have to mine. The responsibility is with
them; I will have nothing to do with it.
. But, Mr. Chairman, there is one other propo-
sition, closely allied to this, to which I wish for
a moment to ask the attention of the committee.
It is whether we can at the same time extend over
those persons in arms our municipal laws and the
laws of war. That question was long ago mooted
in the Supreme Court, and was at that time set-
tled. Rose vs. Himley was the case. The ques-
tion in issue was as to the power of France to ex-
tend her municipal laws over one of the West
India Islands—perhaps that of San Domingo—
and whether she could at the same time extend her
municipal laws over that colony and treat its citi-
zens as belligerents. The court decided that in such
cases belligerent rights might be superadded to mu-
nicipal rights; and in view of that decision, the peo-
ple m rebellion, even while there exists an open
war between us, are bound by our laws, even
though we may be treating them as belligerents;
but we cannot change the definition of the crimc of
treason; nor can we, when we arraign them before
our judicial tribunals, deprive them of the benefit of
our Constitution and laws. The status they have
gained as belligerents in the eyes of England,
France, and Spain, may entitle them in those coun-
tries to be considered as belligerents, cannot change
their relations to us or our relations to them. Be-
fore they can be punished by any act of Congress,
they must be convicted by a verdict of a jury from
the State and district where the crime "was com-
mitted. That, sir, is the form and mode of trial .
prescribed by the Constitution under which we
iive. How are you going to convict traitors before
a jury of traitors? This is a practical difficulty
wiiich gentlemen do not seem to foresee.
Men, in their earnestness, may talk about ac-
complishing large results in putting down the re-
bellion by the passage of confiscating acts. They
want to do something, and I have great respect
for their zeal; but I fear if they succeed that it
may be said of them as it was of him of old, " the
zeal of mine house hath eaten me up." Men may
be pardoned for making passionate appeals to the
people in an excited political campaign; but now
when the State is in danger of being overwhelmed
ill revolution, the grave of empires, a higher duty
is imposed upon us. We must now take counsel
of our calm judgments, and decide the great ques-
tions which are pressing upon us in the light of
reason and of law. Upon this subject of confis-
cating property my duty is plain. I believe that
the people whom I represent, with the other peo-
ple of the United States, have not clothed Congress
with the power to act ill this matter. The Exec-
utive, to whom the people have committed the
conduct of war, undoubtedly has the authoiity to
take from the enemy, in the execution of the war,
that property, the taking of which will either
weaken the enemy or strengthen the Government.
But I doubt very much the expediency of the
President issuing any proclamation of emancipa-
tion. For such a proclamation could only be ear-
ned into the country of the rebels at the point of
the bayonet, and in its march would only keep
pace with the progress of the Army, and it would
not find its way to those to whom it was directed
until those persons were within the control of the
forccs of the Government. And thus the procla-
mation would "return to him void"—no,notquite
void, for the rebel leaders would get hold of it and
use it for the purpose of inspiring the men who
are with them to fight with the energy of despair;
they would fight as if they were fighting for their
property. It would excite a great many men so
to fight who are now lukewarm or for the Union.
Gentlemen say that it ought not to be so; that
is true; it is perfectly true; but the men who stand
upon this floor to argue this question, as if men
were always governed by reason, by principle,
