1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that first decides as to the existence of an indebt-
edness, and from which there is no chance of
escape.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only thing here is
simply that there is an officer appointed by law to
assess the amount of the tax; it is duly drawn
out in the list, and from that assessment the per-
son assessed has a right of appeal; he may settle
it over again if he pleases, and when that has been
done and the amount of his tax is ascertained, the
list is given to the officer to collect. There is an
adjudication so far as that goes.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will pardon me
and all those of us who represent newly formed
States, for being a little particular about provisions
of this kind, because we are different from the old
States. In the old States everything has been set-
tled down by established precedents for a hundred
years, and they act altogether differently, with
more method and regularity than we do. They
have had decisions for a series of years on all these
points. We have not, and constant difficulties are
growing up out of tax sales in our Slates. I wish
to avoid them, if possible, under this act. I think
the leturn ought to be conclusive as to what the
officer himself performs; but there may be cases
where the parties from whom these taxes are due
are out of the country at the time of the assess-
ment, and there may be other reasons why they
did not know of the existence of the lien.
Mr. CLARK. I think this matter should be
looked at with some care. The return of an of-
ficer is conclusive of the facts stated in it, but by
the common law, if he makes a falhe return, the
party aggrieved has his action; but would he in
this case? This is not a return; this is a recital
in the body of a deed. Perhaps upon principle
he might have an action; but it is worth consid-
ering whether, if the officer makes a false recital
in the deed, it is to be regarded in the nature of a
return so that an action could be supported upon
it. It may be that it is so; I will not undertake to
say that it is not; but it is worth considering. It is
certainly not a return strictly. If there was any
remedy, it would stand on the principle that an
injury carries a remedy with it; but it certainly
does not go on the ground of an action for a false
return.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same principle would
apply.
Mr. CLARK. But it is a distinct thins; known
to the law. It is a matter worth considering.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hardly think the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Iowa would
allow this deed to have sufficient effect. If the
deed is only to be evidence of the acts performed
by the officer himself, it is not going far enough.
The deed ought to be conclusive evidence of tho
regularity of all proceedings up to and including
the sale; but it should not be conclusive evidence
on the question of whether the tax has been paid,
or of the liability of the property to the tax. That
should be open to dispute.
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps the very words the
Senator has used, "regularity of the proceedings,"
will be better. That is all 1 desire.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether there is any
provision for the redemption of land sold for
taxes ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a provision that
at any time before a sale a man may pay up, but
thore is none for redumption afterwards.
Mr BROWNING. I suggest whether it would
not be well to insert such a provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I consider that it would
be too cumbersome altogether. This is in the
nature of a summary proceeding, as I drew it.
Mr. BROWNING. The other question might,
perhaps, be got along with, with an amendment
somewhat to this effect: "except in cases where
it shall be alleged that the taxes for which the land
shall have been sold, have been paid previous to
said sale, in which case it shall bq prima jacie evi-
dence only."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no sort of objec-
tion to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I ex-
actly see the force of the language used in the
amendment of the Senator from Maine. It reads,
"and said deed shall bo conclusive evidence of
the truth of the facts therein stated;" and then it
proceeds, u and if the said proceedings have been
substantially in pursuance of the provisions of
this act, shall be considered and operate as a
conveyance to the purchaser of the title to said
estate." You cannot inquire whether they have
been substantially in pursuance of the act or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has. reference to
what appears on the face of the paper. If it ap-
pears on the face of the paper that any material
step required by the act has been omitted, no title
passes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is simply on the
ground that the deed would be void on its face.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; butthatclause
in reference to the proceedings having been sub-
stantially in pursuance of the act, means not to
allow advantage to he taken, as it used to be in
my State until we corrected it by a statute, of a
mere trivial error or omission. If there was a
little omission, the court went so far as to hold
that no title passed. If a levy made upon real
estate was for one cent more or less than the
amount of the judgment, even if the judgment was
$100,000, the variation being appreciable, it was
held to vitiate the whole levy. There are a great
many such instances arising on mere trivial,
formal objections; and therefore I say if it is
substantially an affirmation that he has done all
that the statute required him to do, it shall be
conclusive.
Mr. DAVIS. I can only say that the courts
in Maine have taken a more microscopic view of
such questions than they have m our State. There
are certain common-law principles in relation to
acts that are done officially, and in ielation to re-
turns and other evidence thut the officers doing
particular acts arc authorized to make of those
acts; and whenever an officer of the law is inti ustod
by the law to do an act, and to make a return of
having done that act, or to enter any record evi-
dence of the performance of that act, his return,
as between the parties, generally is, and ought to
be, conclusive testimony of the truth of the return,
or of the record which he makes. To the extent
of that common-law principle, it seems to me the
amendment of the Senator from Maine ought to
have effect. Whatever an officer in the execution
of this law, or in the execution of any law, is re-
quired by the law to do, and wherever he is re-
quired to make a return, or to make any record
evidence of what he has done, full faith and credit
ought to be given to his acts; but it seems to me
that the provisions of this amendment will give a
larger scope to the operation of that rule than can
be deduced from the old common-law principles.
For instance: it provides that all the recitations in
the deed shall be taken to be true. It may be that
there are recitations of fact and of acts performed
that aie not intrusted to be done to the officer who
makes tfhe deed or who makes the sale, that do not
properly come under his cognizance, that he him-
self is not required to perfoim. It is not proper
that he should make any return in relation to them,
and it ]s not proper that he should make any rec-
ord evidence of the performance of these acts and
their existence as facts. It seems to me that where
there are facts outside of the scope of his duties
that may be recited in the deed, the effect of the
amendment of the Senator from Maine would be
to give too much opeiation and too conclusive
force to the recitation of those particular facts. I
should be opposed to giving such an amount of
authenticity to those facts where they do not come
strictly within the scone of the duties to be per-
formed by the officer who makes the evidence. I
understand the effect of the amendment to be to
make conclusive the recitations of fact m the deed.
Mr. HALLS. I take it that is not so. At com-
mon law, or in Kentucky, or anywhere else, the
return of the officer is not valid evidence of that
which the officer was not required to do.
Mr. DAVIS. But I understand this amend-
ment, to enlarge the rule, and make every recita-
tion in the deed conclusive evidence of the fact so
recited; and 1 am opposed to that enlargement of
the opeiation of the rule.
Mr. 11ALE. I have not the amendment be-
fore me; but as it was icad it struck me as well
enough.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Broivn-
ixg] is, after the words "shall be conclusi ve evi-
dence of the truth of the facts stated therein," to
insert "except in cases where it shall be alleged
that the tax for which the lands were sold has
been paid previous to such sale, in which case it
shall be prima facieevidence only-." I accept Ihafc^
amendment. • '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is ofi >
the amendment of the Senator from Maine as'1
modified by him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope Senators will look"'
into this provision, and if they do not like ifc^wheri
we get into the Senate it can be modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The adoption of that?
amendment will render necessary, if it be adhered"
to, a change in the thirty-fifth section,on page 39?
In the second line the words " or lands should"
be stricken out, and the word " or" inserted be-
fore "chattels;" and in line four the words " and
deed of such lands" should be stricken out, so as
to make the section read:
Th«it in all cases of distraint and sale of goodsor chattels
for non-payment of taxes provided for in this act, the bils
of sale of Mich goods oi chattels, given by the officer mak-
ing: such sale 10 the purchaser thereof, shall be prima facie
evidence of the right of the officer to make such sale, and
of the correctness of his proceedings in selling the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move the followingnew
section, to come in immediately after the section
which was inserted on Saturday on the motion of
the Senator fiom Illinois, [Mr. Browning:]
*find be it further enacted, That distilled spirits and re-
lined coal oil may he removed fiom the plncc of manufac-
tuie tor expoit, after the quantity thereof shall have been
ascei tamed by inspection, aceoiding to the provisions of
tins act, without payment of the duties thereon previous to
such icnioval, upon and with the written permission of the
collector or deputy collector of the district, the owner
thcieof having ihst given bond to the United States with
sufficient sureties in the manner and torm and under regula-
tions prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and in at least double the amount of said duties, for the pay-
ment thereof within thirty days from the date oi said bond:
Protvlcd, Thut no such removal fchall be peimitted where
the amount of duties does not exceed the sum of $o00, nor
in any case where the person desiring such permission, his
agent or superintendent, shall have failed to pay the duties
upon any such juticles previously removed under bond as
aforesaid when tins same shall have become payable, until
the same, with all the proper charges, shall have been fully
paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 131, there isalittle
amendment that the vendors of patent medicines
wish. In line thirty-two, of section ninety-three,
after the word u thereof," I move to insert, " for-
feit the said counterfeited stamps,and the articles
upon which they are placed, and;" so as to make
the clause read:
Then, and in every such case, every person so offending,
and every person knowingly and willfully aiding, abetting,
oi awisumj in committing .my hicIi ollcnse as aforesaid,
shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall, on conviction
thereof, forfeit the said counteifettod stamps and the arti-
cles upon which they are placed, and be punished by fine
not evceedina $1,000, and by iinpusoiimoiu and confine-
ment to haul labor not exceeding Jive \oais.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 133, after the
word "stamp," in the thirty-ninth line of the
ninety-fourth section, I move to insert, "or any
engraver or printer who shall sell or give away
said stamps;" so that the clause shall read:
Any person who shall fraudulently obtain or use any of
th° atoicsaid stamp-<or designs therefor,and any person forg-
ing, or countei felling, oi causing, or procuring the forging
or counterfeiting any representation, likeness, similitude,
or coloiahle imitation ot the said last-mentioned stamp, or
selling the same, or, being a meiehant, broker, peddler, or
person dealing, m whole or m pai t, in similai goods, wares,
I ineichandiso, manufactures, preparations, or articles, or
those designed for siimhu objects or purposes, shall have
knowingly or fiaudulently In his, hei, or their possession
any sueii torged, counterfeited likeness. similitude, or col-
, orable imitation of the said last-mentioned stamp, or any
j! ensraver oi printer who shall sell or give away &aid stamps,
: shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, kc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the end of section one
hundred and eleven, which is the section in regard
to drawback, I move to insert the following pro-
viso, to which I call the attention of the Senator
from Rhode Island:
And provided further* That any ccrtificatc of drawback
for goods- exported, issued in pursuance of the provisions
of this act, may, under such regulations as shall be pre-
«5ciibcd by the isecietary of the Trea-stuy, bo received hy
the collectoi or his deputy in payment of duties under this
act; and the Secretaiy of the Treasuiy may make such
j regulations with icgaid to the form of said certificates and
the issuing theieot as m his judgment may be necessary.
Mr. SIMMONS. I sue no objection to it."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the attention of the
