.504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
fttors, as a matter of fact, have taken their second
mileage at the present session
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I have heard it
stated upon this floor, and it is uncontradicted,
that Senators have taken their second mileage. I
have inquired of two Senators, and both informed
me that they had taken theirs.
The amendment was not agreed to.
. Theclause for the compensation of the employes
of the Senate being under consideration,
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to move an amend-
ment to this clause of the bill, so as to make the
salaries therein specified conform to the bill re-
ported by the joint commission of Congress with
a.view to the general reduction of salaries. I
move, in the first place, to amend in the thirteenth
line, by striking out "six hundred," so that it
shall read, "Secretary of the Senate, $3,000."
T^hat will leave the salary as it is proposed to be
fixed by the bill reported by the joint commission
of the two Houses.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend, in line
fifty, by striking out the words:
For Congressional Globe and binding the same, $30,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the words:
For binding documents, and the purchase of blank-book?,
$9,500, and to pny Jolin C. Kives tor printing five hundred
copies of the Diplomatic Correspondence of the United
States, from 1776 to 1783, for the State Department, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strikeout line sixty-
one: " For miscellaneous items $20,000." If we
appropriate the indispensable amounts which are
nccessary to carry on the Government in all its
departments, it seems to me that we shall have
done enough; and I see no reason why an ad-
ditional |20,000 should be appropriated to be ex-
pended for matters which we know nothing about.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 move to strike out in line
sixty-two the words " and mileage," in reference
to the compensation of members of the House. I
desire to say that there is now in the hands of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House, of money already
appropriated for that purpose, $534,044. That
being the case, I deem it unnecessary to make any
further appropriation for mileage of members. I
believe, as I have heretofore stated, that members
are entitled to their mileage for the second session
of this Congress, and that they ought to have re-
ceived it before this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is an appropriation
fur next year. I suppose the money appropriated
to pay the mileage for former years could not be
appropriated to the payment of mileage next year
without some further legislation in reference to it.
Mr. ALDRICH. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the amendment. 1
understand it is very generally believed by mem-
bers of the House thai under the act of 1856, and
the joint resolution explanatory of that act, mem-
bers of the House and Senate are entitled to but
two mileages during one Congress. One of them
has already been received. If the statement of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Ai.dkich] be cor-
rect, I understand that the appropriation for the
second mileage has already been made. This,
then, is an appropriation for a third mileage. I
believe there is no gentleman upon this floor who
will insist or contend that under the law of 1850,
and the joint resolution explanatory thereof, mem-
bers of Congress are entitled to a third mileage;
but that they are entitled to a second, and entitled
to it now, or at the next session of Congress. It
is manifest, therefore, if this statement be correct,
that this is an appropriation for a third mileage
to be received by members of Congress during
this congressional term,
Mr. ALDRICH. I do not contend thatifthis
appropriation is made members of the House will
be entitled to draw three mileages, but I do con-
tend that members of the Senate will, if this bill
i« passed in the shape it is in now.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I, for one, do believe that
we are entitled to three mileages under a joint
resolution which is the law of the land. I told the
gentleman from Pennsylvania the other day that
such was my decided impression, though he re-
garded the matter in a different light. I do not
see how, as a lawyer, he can say that under that
joint resolution we are not entitled to mileage for
the ftrstatid every subsequentsession of Congress,
even if there should be a dozen. Yet I am in favor
of reducing the mileage of members to fifteen or
twelve or ten cents a mile, and I am ready to vote
for it. I think we are entitled to mileage, and
ought to be entitled to it every time we are called
here by the President, or meet under the law of
Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has not the Secretary of the
Treasury, as well as others having control of this
matter in the Treasury Department, decided that
the fair construction of the law and the joint res-
olution is to give only two mileages to members
of Congress?
Mr. McKNIGHT. In reply to the gentleman
I will say that I do not understand that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has made any such decision.
1 understand that the Comptroller of the Treasury
came to that conclusion; but I think it is a wrong
conclusion in law and in fact. I say that under
the law, as it now exists, we are entitled to three
mileages, and ought to take them; but I believe
we ought to reduce the amount of mileage, and I
am ready to vote font. There will soon be a bill
before this House to that effect, and I hope that
gentlemen who are anxious for that reform will
support it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the same amendment
m reference to the Clerk of the House that I did
in reference to the Secretary of the Senate-—to
reduce his compensation $600.
I will state again the reason for moving the
amendment. The House organized a joint com-
mission for the purpose of reducing the salaries
of the employes of the Government. Thatcom-
mission has fixed the salary of the Clerk of the
House at #3,000. If the House mean to adopt
that system of retrenchment and reform which
was contemplated last session, now is the time to
do it; and for the purpose of taking the sense of
the House on the adoption of that reform, in the
bill already reported, I make this motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
from Indiana if he makes that as a report from the
reform and retrenchment commission ?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 make the motion on my
own responsibility; but the bill to which I referred
was laid on the desks of members some days since.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I am opposed to
the amendment. There are two plain scriptural
principles which, to my mind, are certainly appli-
cable here: " The laborer is worthy of his hire,"
and "Thou Nhaltnotmuzzletheoxwhiehtreadeth
out the corn."
Mr. STEVENS. The law now fixes the salary
at $3,600.
Mr. HOLMAN. Three thousand dollars is a
larger salary than most of the Governors of the
States receive.
Mr. STEVENS. If we pass a law reducing
these salaries, the Senate can amend this bill; but
as long as the law stands as it now is, we must
comply with it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I movetostrikeoutthewords:
" For stationery, §13,000." This is for stationery
furnished to members of the House. Among other
reforms contemplated is the abolition of this fea-
ture entirely, and the payment of a small sum to
members annually in lieu of this appropriation.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to strike out the words:
"Fornewspapers,§12,500." ltseemstome that
we can afford to pay for our own newspapers,
especially at a tune like this. In times of great
national prosperity these appropriations grew up,
and the present condition of the country certainly
does not admit of them. If we expect the people
to pay $125,000,000 annually, for the purpose of
sustaining the Government, we must show them
that there has been an effort made to retrench the
expenses, so as to cut off every item that is not im-
peratively required by the public service.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to strike out
from line one hundred and twenty-nine to line one
hundred and thirty-three, as follows:
For the usual additional compensation to the repoiters of
the House for the Congressional Giolie, for reporting the pro-
ceedings of tile House fnr tlm second icgular session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, $800 each, $4,000.
I make that motion because there is no law au-
thorizing thisappropriation,and because I intend,
as far as in me lies, to exclude from this bill every
item for which authority cannot be found in some
existing statute.
Mr. VALL ANDIGHAM. I call the attention
of the gentleman from New York to the fact that
the authority is derived from the joint resolution
of 1852.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Does this item rest
upon that resolution?
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means if the appropriation
in this bill for the Congressional Library is the
usual appropriation ?
Mr. STEVENS. X believe it is the same as last
year. It is the amount estimated for by the de-
partment.
The Clerk read the following clause:
In tile otlice of the Second Comptroller of the Treasury:
for blank-books, binding, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, including subscription to the National Intelligencer,
to be bound and presetyed for the u:=<: of the office, $1,200.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to inquire of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means what this subscription
for the National Intelligencer is for?
Mr. STEVENS. I believe that newspaper is
a sort of text-book in the Departments, and has
been for a great number of years.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I move to strike it out.
I do not see any reason for it.
Mr. STEVENS. They keep afile of the paper
in the Departments, and have done so, I believe,
since the foundation of the newspaper, and this
will only enable them to keep up that file.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is no good leason for
continuing a thing which never ought to have been
done. I call for a division on my motion. I want
a vote in the House, that I may be able to record
my vote in favor of striking "it out.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 7, noes
93.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Here is another subscription
to the National Intelligencer, in line two hundred
and seventy-six, in the very next paragraph,and
for the same office. The National Intelligencer
has been living on the public crib ever since it was
a paper, and not on its own merits. I do not see
why this thing should be continued. I move to
strike that out.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Colfax having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Blair,
of Missouri, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had th'e
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the bill making appropriations for the ex-
ecutive, legislative, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then,' on motion of Mr. ROSCOE CONK-
LING, (at twenty minutes after four o'clock, p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 28, 18G2.
Prayerby the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Wil-
son, of Missouri, a member of the select committee
on the Pacific railroad, in the place of Mr. Polk,
expelled.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of New Yoik, praying for a modification of the
existing laws in relation to the warehousing sys-
tem of imported merchandise, so as to allow mer-
chandise to remain in bond at least three years;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Charles
Appleton, praying for arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Sidney
A. Harrison, widow of Major Thomas Harrison,
praying for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition from citi-
zens of Kansas, settlers upon the Delaware re-
serve lands in that State, praying relief from the
