THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
jris near'as may be—one free negro to every four
white men. We believe we understand the rela-
tion of race better than those gentlemen who live
jn States where they exist in the proportion of one
in one hundred, one in five hundred, or, as in the
State of Iowa, one in six hundred and seventy-
three; and we believe that gentlemen misappre-
hend the entire difficulties of this question when
tliey suppose that by abolishing slavery they are
going to remedy all the evils arising out of the
existence of an inferior race.
In my own judgment, it is perfectly true that
the State of Delaware is prejudiced by the exist-
ence of so large a number of the inferior race; and
being, as she is, simply a cereal-growing State,
where white men can live and can endure open
field culture, I have no doubt that the substitu-
tion of the white for the black race, so far as the
latter race exists, would add infinitely to her wealth
and prosperity. I am equally confident that the
existence of the free negroes would be far less
beneficial to her and to them than if they stood in
a state of bondage. It is very easy for gentlemen
to indulge in advice and in theories and specula-
tions in reference to things of which they have
no practical knowledge, arising from the peculiar
relations of race in their own States. The hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, for whose judgment
and intellect I have a high respect, has compared
Maryland and Ohio; and he has told us that in
Ohio, though they dislike negroes, they have set
all their slaves free, and that therefore the great
experiment of emancipation should be tried in
Maryland, and that it would resultequally in ben-
efit to her in the increase of the value of her lands
and the general prosperity of ihe State. The hon-
orable Senator reasons falsely there, in my judg-
ment, as I may readily illustrate, if he were to
throw a drop of brandy into a hogshead of water,
no sense which belongs to humanity would en-
able him to detect any adulteration in the charac-
ter of the liquid; perhaps even chemical analysis
would fail; but mix it in the proportion of one
third, one fifth, one tenth, or even twenty-fifth
part, and the puiity of the liquid is utteily gone.
The question of the relation of the races depends
upon relative numbers. The honorable Senator
from Ohio, with thirty-six thousand negroes in
his State out of two millions three hundred and
fifty thousand population, can form no opinion
as to what would be the effect of emancipation in
the State-of Maryland with one fourth of the pop-
ulation negroes. In the State of Delaware we have
one fifth of our population negroes, and free ne-
groes at that, and I can tell the honorable Senator
what is the effect. He tells us that if wc abolish
slavery here the skilled labor of other States will
come here, and that there is no reason why Wash-
ington should not become one of the most pros-
perous cities in the country. Sir, I tell him that
the skilled labor will not come where the black
race exists as freemen half as soon as where they
exist as slaves. It is the principle of equality
which the white man rejects where the negro ex-
ists in large numbers, it is that which creates the
antagonism of race. The antagonism of race does
not tukc place where but few individuals exist
who do'not affect the structure of society, as is
the case in Ohio, as is the case in all, or nearly all,
the non-slaveholding States. It does not arise
until the relative numbers of the two races are such
as to affect the social relations and the whole body
politic. We have felt it in our State, and we know
what the antagonism of race is. Sir, the skilled
labor of Delaware, the mechanics of Delaware,
would scorn the idea of equality in their occupa-
tions with the negro. They would not permit the
negro as an equal, whether ho had equal rights by
the law or not, to be forced into the same occu-
pations in which they are engaged. No employer
dare make the attempt. In my State we under-
stand the characteristics of the negro race. Gen-
tlemen may choose to judge negroes by individual
cases,buttheyamount to nothing; you must judge
of the mass. It would be just as reasonable to
infer because now and then you meet a boy of six-
teen or eighteen who has more capacity than the
average of men of fifty, that therefore alt boys of
sixteen or eighteen ought to be put on an equal
footing with men, and have the same rights and
privileges, as to infer, because you now and then
meet a free negro who stands above his race, who
has the passion for acquisition that belongs to the
white man, who has the capacity for steady labor
that belongs to the white man, that therefore these
are characteristics of the race. I can produce ten
exceptions in the case of boys where you can pro-
duce me one in the case of the negro.
The reasoning of the honorable Senator is in-
correct of itself, because it is reasoning founded
on ignorance of the relations of race. But, sir, if
I understand the statistics of the last census, the
honorable Senator's State will soon have that
knowledge. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Browning] I think, now perceives it.
The people of Indiana restricted the immigration
of the inferior race into their State years ago by
constitutional provision. The people of Illinois
have done so recently. The people of Ohio will
do it yet; the people of New Jersey will do it yet;
the people of Pennsylvania will do it yet; and this
bill and similar bills will force it upon them. You
cannot overcome the law of nature; I speak of the
primary law of nature, the instinct of race. The
white man will not consent in this country, with
his intelligence and his education, that the mass
of the white people shall amalgamate with the
blacks, and be reduced to a level with the Mexi-
cans; and unless that result comes, what is to be
the consequence? The records of history teach
you that where two races of men inhabit the same
country, incapable of amalgamation or unwilling
to amalgamate, the inferior race must perish be-
fore the superior race, unless it remains a subject
race. Such has been the case with your own In-
dians; such will be the case with the negroes, if
you set them free on this continent in the large
numbers in which they exist here. In theirnor-
mal condition they accustom themselves to sub-
jection far easier than the Indian. The negro's
idea of freedom as a race is not the freedom that
the white man desires; but it is freedom from la-
bor. Gentlemen may war, if they please, against
the law of nature and the characteristics of the
race; but though they may have the power to-day
to enforce by legislation doctrines and measures
which will be injurious to the country, rely upon
it its reacting sense will teach them that their
doctrines and their theory are a fallacy.
PaU, Mr. President, I have said that the State
of Ohio would follow the path of Indiana and Illi-
nois. Is the honorable Senator aware that in the
State of Ohio in the last decade the free blacks have
increased forty-three and three tenths per cent.,
and the whites but seventeen per cent.? The rela-
tive progress is rapid. It is not felt yet. Two
decades more, and you will feel it sufficiently to
apply the remedy. With this species of legisla-
tion, with these theories that are abroad in refer-
ence to the relation of races; with this attempt to
place the negro on an equality with the white man,
it will come home to Pennsylvania, it will come
home to New Jersey, and you will find that those
States will not be satisfied to sit quietly down un-
der the effect of your legislation; and further, pre-
cisely in proportion to the density ofpopulation,
will the antagonism of race exist. The antago-
nism arises not from the fact of the difference of
race, but from the assertion of equality on the part
of the inferior race. The white man cares noth-
ing that he labors in the same occupation that the
slave does; but placc the slave in the position of
equality by making him a freeman, and you at
once create the antagonism of race, if the two races
exist in large relative numbers. If the numbers of
the inferior race are few, like the drop of brandy
in the hogshead of water, it has no appreciable
effect; but whenever the numbers begin to approx-
imate to anything like a large proportion so as to
affect the body politic and the general structure of
society, you will find that antagonism will come
and it will come from the mass of the people, from
the skilled labor, from the laboring class. The
free negro does not interfere with what are called
the educated classes. He comes in competition
with labor; and when he comes in competition
with the labor of the white man to any great extent
you will find that the masses who will govern this
country "vvili rejcct the association.
Mr. President, I have been led further than I
intended in this discussion, but it has been forced
upon me by some of the remarks that have oc-
currcd in the course of this debate and more by
the tone of the arguments than by the individual
arguments which have been used. No one de-
plores more than I do the state of things that ex-
ists in this country; no one would make greater
sacrifices to remedy it to the extent of his power.
I may, I do differ from the Administration and
from the majority in this Chamber as to the meas-
ures that are necessary for that purpose; and
when I see a bill pressed here which involves, no
matter in what shape you put it, the distinct idea
of advancing the notion of the equality of all men
without regard to race, and when I see other prop-
ositions involving the same doctrine in my opin-
ion, I cannot but say that every measure which
tends in that direction in my judgment places a
barrier against the restoration of the Union.
Sir, I do not question the honesty of purpose, I
do not question the sincerity with which honorable
Senators entertain their opinions in reference to
this matter. I have lived long enough to know
that the utmost contrariety of human opinion may
exist consistent with perfect purity of motive upon
both sides. We all know that it does in religion.
Why may it not in reference to matters connected
with State policy? Gentlemen, therefore, will not
understand me in the remarks I have made,as ar-
raigning the motives of any man, but I am com-
batting the policy of the dominant party which I
really believe will ruin my country if persisted in.
I am one of those who think that there is no ex-
travagance of human opinion that may not be in-
dulged in without impropriety or insincerity of
motive. It is not in religion alone that the an-
swer of the fanatic is " credo quia impossibile est."
It applies to a thousand other matters in which
the beliefs of men vary as to matters of theory or
policy; and very often it will happen that those
most ignorant are the most confident in their belief.
I would suggest to honorable Senators on the
other side, who live in States in which there is
merely a sprinkling of free negroes, whether thpy
ought not to pause a little when they undertake to
interfere, by legislation, for the purpose of direct
or indirect action upon the question of slavery in
other States in which negroes exist in large num-
bers. In Indiana and Illinois, where they have
few, they choose to exclude any more from coming
within their boundaries; and if in Iowa, with a
population ofsix hundred and seventy-three thou-
sand, there are only a little more than a thousand
negroes, I submit that it is too much for Senators
from those States to advance their theories to States
like Maryland, in which the negroes exist in the
proportion of one fourth of the whole population.
Whether you look to our form of government or
! to the reason of the case, is it not manifest that
the experience of those men who live there where
the relation exists, and where the two races exist
in large numbers, must enable them to judge fairly
of the proper mode of dealing with this relation
for the benefit of both races, and that their judg-
ment will be more accurate than that of those who
live in communities where the inferior race does
not exist to any appreciable extent relatively ? I
beg gentlemen to weigh that idea; and surely no
rational man can doubt that his a priori reasoning
upon any subject must be corrected by inductive
reasoning from human experience, or else he will
fall into the wildest errors of opinion. There is
no reason why this should not apply to political
affaiis and to the relations of races as well as to
the inductions of science.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
•The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. KENNEDY, (when Mr. Pearce's name
was called.) I desire to say that my colleague is
now at his home detained by extreme illness. No
doubt if he were here he would vote in the negative.
Mr. BROWNING, (when Mr. Rice's name
was called.) I desire to state on behalf of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, whose name has just been
called, that the condition of his health has com-
pelled him to leave the city for a few days. That
is the reason why he is not here.
The result was announced—yeas 29, nays 14;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Doolittte, Fe-^enden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Ilatlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomoroy, Sheiman,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard,Carlile, Davis, Henderson, Ken-
nedy, Latham, McDougall. Nosmith, Powell, Sanl&bury,
Stark, WiUoy, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—14.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate adjourned.
