2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Senator from Rhode Island to another matter. In
his amendment he proposes to make some changes
in the income tax. There is a part of it that I
am in favor of, and I propose, if his amendment
does not succeed, to insert an amendment fixing
an additional percentage on income when it is
over $6,000; and another additional percentage
when it is over ยง50,000. If lie fails in his effort
to have his proposition adopted to the full extent,
I shall be in favor of making these amendments.
I think they will not do any harm, but may give
us some additional revenue, though not much. I
am willing to offer these amendments now, or to
defer them, as the Senator chooses.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe my proposition in
regard to the income tax, making regular grada-
tions, was agreed to by everybody of the com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The gradation was not
objected to, and I said that if the Senator failed in
the effort to have his proposition adopted, I gave
notice that I should be for adopting that part of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. That will be better than none;
but I am in hopes to get it all adopted. I will sug-
gest, however, that I was told this morning by
another member of the committee that he had a
provision drawn which he would like to show us
about this income tax. 1 was not, therefore, going
to offer mine to-day, because he said he would be
ready to submit his in the morning.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. We cannot wait until the
morning. There is a verbal amendment neccssary
in line seventeen ofsection eighty-six, page 124, to
make it a little more clear. It is suggested by the
Senator from Delaware, whom I do not see in his
seat. It is to insert the word " other" between
"or" and " corporation," so as to read: "any
railroad company or other corporation."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, if the Senator has
no objections, 1 will move the amendments about
the income tax.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. Perhaps it might be as
well to take the vote on the proposition of the
Senator from Rhode Island, and I shall have a few
remarks to make on that proposition when it is
offered.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask whether the proposi-
tions which the Senator from Maine is making
here are not first in oider, to pcrfect the bill. It
strikes me that we should have the bill perfected
before we vote on the proposition of the Senator
from Rhode Island, which is in the nature of a
substitute for part of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will offer this amend-
ment now: on page 123, i move, after the word
"dollars," in line nine of section eighty-five, to
insert "mid does not exceed the sum of ยง6,000*,"
so as to make the tax of three per cent, apply to
incomes over $600 and not exceeding $6,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have changed my propo-
sition fiom $6,000 to $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I will adopt that.
I move the amendment in this form: "and does
not exceed the sum of $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now,in line eleven, just
below, after the word "dollars," I move to in-
sert:
If said income exceeds the suin of $10,000 and does not
exceed the sum of $50,000, a duty of five percent, upon the
amount thereof exceeding $600; and upon all incomoa ex-
ceeding $o0,000, a duty ol seven and a halt per cent, upon the
excess over $600.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest that the Senator
put the incomes of persons who arc citizens of the
United States residing abroad in the seven and a
half pei cent. list.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The section now pro-
vides that all such incomes shall be taxed five per
cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think citizens who go
abroad to spend their incomes should be put at
the highest rate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The section already im-
poses five per cent, on all such incomes, large or
small, without distinction.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think it should be seven
and a half.
Mr. SUMNER. Why the half percent.? Why
stop on a half per cent. ?
'Mr. FESSENDEN. I have adopted the ratio
of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. We go up from two and a
half to five, and from five to seven and a half.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I tried to make it as sat-
isfactory as possible to the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this amendment
will not prevail, for the reason that if you fix the
income tax at seven and a half per cent., I do not
think it will yield as much revenue as three per
cent, on the whole income of the country would.
You offer a very strong inducement to a man either
to transfer his funds to some species of property
that is not taxed, or to defraud your revenue. In
England, I believe, they commenced with their
income tax at one per cent, at first. I was in Eng-
land at the time, and I know it was fixed ata very
small rate indeed. Your object is first to find
your income, and then tax it. If you put an ex-
cessive tax upon income, you will never find it.
The receipts fiom an income tax in the United
States, in my opinion, will be found almost infi-
nitesimally small. In England, with their laws
of entailment, estates have gone on growing and
increasing for a thousand years, until they have
accumulated untold millions of income; but in this
country we have no laws of entailment and we
have very few large incomes. Take a physician
in good practice in one of our cities. His books
show $10,000 a year, but is that income? Does
he know whether he will collect$10,000, or $5,000,
or $1,000 from those book accounts at the end of
the year? It is not income, and you can collect
no tax from it. Take the merchant who is doing
a credit business, whose books show at the end
of the year a profit of $50,000. Docs he know
whether he has a profit or not? Ceitainly not.
It is not income until his accounts are collected
and realized. An income, as considered in Eng-
land, is a fixed income, where a man has a large
amount in the funds, or a large amount of rents
coming to him, or some other large amount not
subject to the vicissitudes of trade. If you take
that class of incomes m the United States, I ven-
ture to assert that your revenue from an income
tax, whether you place it at three per cent, or seven
and a half per cent., will be found to be very small
indeed, and I believe it is for the interest of the
Government and of the Treasury that we should
stait with a small tax. You have adopted, 1 be-
lieve, a three pei cent, tax upon the consumption
of the country. You should [dace that same tax
upon the incomes of the country. The day la-
borer, who earns his dollar a day, is protected by
his Government in life, liberty, and property, and
the man of large wealth is protected in the same
way. You tax the day laborer moderately on his
consumption, three per cent., a very small item
indeed; and you tax the man of wealth the same
way, and if you tax him in the same ratio for his
income, he feels the satisfaction of knowing that
this is a reasonable burden, a burden which he
ought to bear, and thus you induce men rather to
enlarge than to diminish their incomes undei the
feeling of justice, equity, and propriety. But the
moment you carry that tax up to seven and a half
per cent, or any other excessive rate, he says,
u this is unjust; it is not right. I will transfer
my income into some other shape, or 1 will place
it where it will be beyond the reach of the Gov-
ernment." I have heard of several cases already
where largeincomeshavc been transferred abroad,
and I believe the fact to be so. I think that if
you impose a tax of seven and a half per cent.,
which would be seventy-five dollars on $1,000 of
income, you wiil receive comparatively nothing.
I think you will receive three times as much at
three per cent, as at seven and a half, and there-
fore, for the intciest of the Government and the
interest of the Treasury, I hope this amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is a very singular ar-
gument, I must confess. I want to know how a
man can transfer his income.
Mr. CHANDLER. He may put it in United
States bonds or untaxed property, or he may send
it abroad and invest in the English funds.
Mr. SIMMONS. If lie invests in Government
securities at six per cent.-he pays an income tax
;'j of one and a half per cent. That is what wc want
hnn to do. He is not likely to send his money
to England and invest it at three per cent. The
Senator has a new argumentabout consumption.
He says this will satisfy rich folks when they
look and see that there is three per cent, put on
consumption and no more put upon incomes.
Why, sir, the consumption of the country has
twenty-five per cent, put on it by this bill. The
poor people j>ay as much, and rather more, gen-
erally, than rich men on their consumption.
Mr.CHANDLER. There is no tax on pork.
Mr. SIMMONS. We do not tax pork here;
but we tax sugar and coffee and tea.
Mr. CHANDLER, We taxed them before.
Mr. SIMMONS. Not before this trouble.
Mr. CHANDLER. We always taxed sugar.
Mr. SIMMONS. We put three quarters of a
cent on sugar last March a year ago, and now it
is two and a half cents. The taxes have been
increased in consequence of the rebellion. I find
no trouble in my own mind in levying this in-
come tax. I do not believe there will ever be a
dollar of it transferred from this country and in-
vested in foreign funds. If people want to invest
in three per cent, stocks, instead of six, we will
tax their income when they get it here. 'There
is no trouble about it. I do not want to tax any-
body unreasonably. Wo limit the income tax to
three per cent, on all incomes below $10,000; and
when a man's income gets above that, he does
not know what to do with the rest of it, and he
may as well give it to the Government as not. I
know my friend from Michigan does not object
to paying.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not. I make the ob'
jection not with reference to what any individual
shall pay, but with reference to the benefit of the
Government. The Senator from Rhode Island
has a theory peculiar to himself. He knows that
I have a profound respect for him and for his'
great knowledge of financial matters. I must say
in all kindness to the Senator from Rhode Island
that I think he has been led into a very grave and
serious error in his whole financial scheme. He
has brought before us a proposition which he
tells us is to raise $46,000,000 from income. Mr.
President, it will not raise $10,000,000, whether
you put the tax at thiee per cent, or seven and a
half per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I propose as an amendment this
proviso, to come in at the end of the eighty-sixth
section, on page 125:
Provided, That whenever such income shall be derived
fiom the rent of any species of real estate which shall at the
tune of the levy of said tax be mortgaged for the secumy
of any debt, thr amount of rhc interest upon said moitguge
debt shall be deducted fiom such income.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe that is really the
effect of the bill now.
Mr. DIXON. If that is the effect of the bill,
there is no objection to the amendment. It ought
to be explicit; otherwise a man might be called
upon to pay an income tax on a piece of property
where he received, the rent and paid the whole
amount out in interest upon a mortgage on that
property.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In making up your in-
come you always deduct what you owe, what you
have to pay fiom what you receive, and it is no
matter what source it comes from. For instance,
you take the whole gross income; now, if you re-
reive so much from rent, and have to pay out so
much for interest, you deduct that from your rent.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to ask the Senator if he
understands that in making up the income, the
amount of debt is deducted?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. Then why not say m the out-
set of the bill " net income?" You do not say that.
Mi. FESSENDEN. How do you make out a
man's income?
Mr. DIXON. If you allow a man to deduct the
interest of all he owes, very well; but I think it
ought to be explicit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, let a clause be
put in to cover it.
Mr. DIXON. At any rate the amendment cer-
tainly is not objectionable if it makes the bill more
clear, if that is the present meaning of the bill.
Mi. SHERMAN. The objection I have to it
is that it will make the bill obscure. As the bill
now stands, evidently the interest on a mortgage
would be deducted from a man's receipts, because
his income is only what he derives from hisprop-
erty over and above paying the interest of his d- bts;
but if you except a particular class of indebted-
ness, then as a matter of course the judicial infer-
ence will be that the interest on all other indebt-
