1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5<J8h
Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad
Company; winch was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Hugh McICce,
Frederick Haun,and H.C.F.lIackbush, praying
compensation for services rcndeiedin surveying
the Delaware reserve lands, in the State of Kan-
sas 5 which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country, and allowing
for the emancipated slaves of such as are loyal to
the Government a fair pecuniary award; which
was oidered to lie on the table.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Wi&consin, praying that homoeopathic surgeons
may be eligible to at least one eighth of the sur-
gical appointments in the Army and Navy; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
W. C. Jewett, of Colorado Territory, praying for
the adoption of measures guarantying general
constitutional rights, with a defensive course in
regard to the war; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. HOWE pic&cnted two petitions of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying that some point on the Fox
river, between Lnkc Winnebago and Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin, be selected as a site for
a national armory and foundery: which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Pie a!so presented a petition of citizens of Wis-
consin, praying that mail route No. 13581, from
St. Paul to Bayfield, and route No. 1358G, from
Sunrise Qity to Superior, may be abolished, at*d
that one consolidated route be established from
St. Paul to Bayfield, via Superior; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mi. MORRILL presented three petitions from
citizens of the State of Maine, praying that ho-
mceopathicsurgeons may be appointed in the Army
and Navy; which were referred to the Committee
on Militaiy Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Maine,
praying for the total abolition of slavery through-
out the country; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have been requested to
present a petition to the Senate which, by some,
may be considered, though not reflecting on in-
dividual members, as reflecting upon some Sena-
tors as a class. I have felt some hesitation about
presentingit; but, on consultation with those who
have more experience in these matters, I am in-
formed that it comes within the privileges uf the
right of petition. The petition is from citizens
of the State of Illinois, praying Congress not to
pass an act to abolish slavery in this District, and
asking for the expulsion of membeis who sympa-
thize with snch an act. It also asks that the title
of " general" may be, by law, taken awav from
John C. Fremont, and that his incapacity, frauds,
and corruption, while in the western department,
may be fully exposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What reference
does the Senator ask ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to,
REPORTS Fit OH COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a memorial
of the executive committee of the New York
State Agricultural Society, relative to exhibitors
at the industrial exhibition to be held jn London
the present year, and to whom was also rofeired
so much of the annual message of the President
of the United States as relates Jo that subject, re-
ported a joint resolution (S. No. 33) in addition
to a resolution relative to the exhibition ot the
industry of all nations, to be held m London in
the year 1862; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. CLARK, fiom the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of David
H. Burr, reported adversely thereon.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the amendments
of the House of Representatives to certain amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
150) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses oft he Government for the year
ending the 30th June, 1863, and additional appro-
priations for the year ending the 30th June, 1862,
and also the amendments of the Senate disagreed
to by the House, moved that the Senate insist on
its amendments disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and disagree to the House amend-
ments to the Senate amendments, and ask for a
confluence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the committee of eonfeience on the part
of the Senate be appointed bj the Vice President.
And Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Pearce, and Mr.
Sumner were appointed.
CULTIVATION OF COTTON.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsofycd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
?(•  report to the ticuate whethi'i any, and ifany what, further
!"<*iMation !-< neeesaaiy mould to enable the executive de-
paument to take charge ot" the cotton and othei lands in
South Caiolina and ebewherc on our -southern coast, now
m pofses^ion ot the tioop* of the United States, and to place
the same undei cultivation ; and also, whethei any fuither
lejmidtion is neccssai.v to piovide Mutably lor the blacks in
those localities now under the protection of our Govern-
ment, and to funn?h them with pioper employment.
CAVALRY TROOPS.
Mr. HOWE submitted thefollowingrcsolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate what number of cavalry troops have been raised for
the service of the United States in each of the States of the
Union, distinguishing those which have been mounted in
the sevetal States from those which have not; and ako to
infoim the Senate what portion of those troops aie required
for the efficiency of the service.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, I would
simply say to the Senator, that the resolution in-
troduced by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Datis] and a resolution I introduced some time
ago rover, I think, all the points of that question,
and I supposed we should have had an answer
several days ago. I was told last Saturday it was
already prepared and sent here—but I cannot find
it—covering ail the points embraced in the Sena-
tor's resolution.
Mr. HOWE. I looked this morning at the res-
olution offered by the Senator from Kentucky. I
inquired for the resolution offered on this subject,
supposing theie was one; I did not know who
offered it I was shown one offered by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. It does call for a part of this
information, and also for a good deal of informa-
tion which this does not call for, and information
which cannot be furnished without the consump-
tion of time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the considera-
tion of the resolution objected to?
Mr. HALE and others. Let it he over.
Th^ VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over
until to-morrow.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nlcol.yy, his Secretary, announced
that the President ycstuiday approved and signed
the following acts and resolution:
An act (S. No. 99) to provide for the protection
of overland emigrants to California, Oregon, and
Washington Territory:
An act (S. No. 107) authorizing an increase of
the clerical force m the War and Navy Depart-
ments: and
A resolution (S. No. 35) for payment of the
expenses of the joint committee of Congress ap-
pointed to inquire into the conduct of the war.
iULLE: JXTIiODUCKD.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 175) to define the pay arid
emoluments of certain officers of the Army, and
for other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Com nut tec on Military Aftairs
i and the Militia, and ordeied to be printed.
! PRINTING or A BILL.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
! it was
I Ordered, That tho bili (S. No 173) lor the more effectual
' suppression of the Mavc trade be printed.
CONSOLIDATION OF THE STATUTES.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 174) to provide for the revision and con-
solidation of the statutes of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER. As that is an important bill,
I ask the attention of the Senate one minute while
I explain its contents. It is in three sections, the
first of which provides that the President of the
United States shall be authorized,by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint three
persons learned in the law to revise, simplify, ar-
range, and consolidate all such statutes of the Con-
gress of the United States in force at the close of
the present session as are general and permanent
in their nature. In performing this duty, the
commissioners shall bring together all acts and
parts of acts which, from similarity of subject,
ought to be so brought together, and shall arrange
the same under titles, chapters, articles, and sec-
tions, or other suitable divisions and subdivisions,
and to every title or other proper division they
shall prefix head notes, briefly and clearly ex-
pressive of the matter contained in each section
or smallest subdivision, and annex side notes so
drawn as to be a guide to the contents of the text,
referring to the original acts from which each sec-
tion is compiled, and to the decisions of the Fed-
eral tribunals explaining or expounding the same,
and close the whole with an index for easy refer-
ence to every portion of the statutes as revised.
The second section provides that when the com-
missioners shall have completed the consolidation
and revision of the statutes, they shall cause a
copy ofthesame to be submitted to Congress, that
the acts so revised and consolidated by Lhem may
be reenacted if Congress shall so determine; and
when the said acts shall be so presented, the com-
missioners shall also suggest to Congress such
contradictions, omissions, and imperfections as
may appear in the acts by them revised, with the
mode in which they have reconciled, supplied, and
amended the said acts in the revised statutes pre-
sented, and the commissioners may also designate
such acts, or parts of acts, if any, as in their judg-
ment ought to be repealed, with their reasons for
advising such repeal.
The third section provides simply for the com-
pensation of the commissioners, leaving that, how-
ever, in blank, to be determined by the commit-
tee, and also the time when the report shall be
made. This I have asked shall be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and as it is a most
important subject, I bespeak in advance the best
attention of that committee.
WILLIAM Y. STItONG.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referred the bill (PL R. No 247) for
the relief of William Y. Strong, have directed me
to report it back with a recommendation that it
pass. I may say, Mr. President, in presenting
this report, that the bili provides for the rcli< f of
Mr. Strong, who purchased a small tract of land
in the State of Ohio supposed to belong to the
Government. It turned out that the Government
had previously granted the tract of land to the
State of Ohio. Ho prosecuted his claim for tho
land in the State of Ohio, and failed in the prose-
cution. The amount a warded to him by the House
bill is simply fifty dollars, which he paid for the
land. As it will" take very little time, and may
perhaps be more conveniently disposed of now
than at any other time, I ask the unanimous con-
| sent of the Senate to put it on its passage at once.
Theie being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H, R. No. 247) for the relief of William Y.
Strong. It directs the. Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to him tho sum of fifty dollars, being the
amount paid by him into the public Treasury on
the 27th of January, 1845.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
STENOG11APIIE11 TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DIXON. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was referred a resolution providing f©r
the employment of a stenographer by the joint
