1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 3, 3863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO ItAILROAD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, in re-
sponse to a resolution of the House relative to the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
FOREIGN FINANCE.
Mr. SPAULDING, by unanimous conscnt, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if in li is opin-
ion compatible with the public mtore-t, to communicate to
Congret-s any information that he may have received at the
Department of* State, showing the system of revenue and
finance now existing in any foreign country.
ItEOlUJANIZATXON OF TIIE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported back
Senate bill No. 371, to reorganize the Navy De-
partment of the United States; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted to the Naval Com-
mittee.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that the report of the
academic board of the Naval Academy be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
AT1ELARD GUTHRIE.
Mr. LOOMIS, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported a bill for the 1'elief of Abelard
Guthrie; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
repoit, ordered to be printed.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of resuming the considera-
tion of the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 332) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose, it had under consideration the fol-
lowing:
Insurance, (marine and inland.)—Policy of insurance,
oi othei mstiument, by whatever name the same shall be
called, whereby any i Mu<incc be made upon any ship
or vessel, or upon any goods, merchandise, specie, or other
property on board or any ship or vessel, or upon the freight
of any j-hip or vessel, or upon any othot interest hi or re-
lating to any <>hip or vessel which may lawful!) be insured;
oi upon any goods meicbandise, specie, or other propeity
tiauspoited" by .my conveyance whatsoever fiom any port
or place to any other port or place, where the amount insured
shall not exceed the sum ot $2,500. fifty cent*; exceeding
the sum of $*2,500, and not exceeding $10,000, one dolhu;
exceeding the sum ot $10,000, $2 50.
Mr. HORTON moved to strike out all after the
words " or upon any goods," in the third line,
and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
Where the amount insured shall not exceed $1,000,
twenty-five cents; exceeding $1,000, and not exceeding
$3,000, fifty cents; exceeding $5,000, one dollar.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Insurance, (fire.)—Policy of insuiance, or other instru-
ment, by w hatever name the same shall be called, whereby
any insurance shall he made of or upon any build in?, goods,
wares, meiehandtse, or other property from loss ordamage
by fire, or arising tiieieliorn, by any insurance company, or
its agent or other person, where the amount injured shall
not exceed the sum of $2,500, filtv cents; exceeding the
sum of .§2,500, and notereeeding $10,000, one dollar; ex-
ceeding the sum of $10,000, $0 50.
Mr. HORTON moved to strike outall afterthe
words " or its agent or other person," in the fifth
line, and in lieu thereof insert the following:
Where the amount insured shall not excecd $1,000,
twenty-five cents; exceeding $1,000 and not exceeding
$5,000, fifty cents; exceeding $5,000, one dollai.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Lease, agreement, memorandum, or contract for the hire,
use, or rent of any land, tenement, or portion thereof, iffor
a period of time not exceeding three years, fifty cents; if
for a period exceeding three years, one dollar; manifest of
part of the cargo of any vessel, (clearance,) twenty-five
cents; manifest of the cargo of any ship, vessel, or steamer,
if the registeied tonnage of such ship, vessel, or steamer
does not exceed three hundred tons, one dollar; exceeding
three hundred tons afid not exceeding fix hundred tons,
three dollars; exceeding six hundred tons, five dollars;
mortgage of lands, estate, or property, real or personal, her-
itable or movable whatsover, where the &amcshall be made
as a security for the payment of any definite and certain
sum of money lent atihe time, or previously due and owing
or foi borne to" be paid, being payable; also any conveyance
of any lands, estate, or property whatsoever, in trust to be
sold or otherwise converted into money, which shall be in-
tended only a* security, and shall be redeemable before the
sale or other disposal theieof, either by express stipulation
or othei wise ; or any personal bond given as security for the
payment of any definite or certain sum of money, one
dollar.
Mr. HORTON moved to insert after the above
the words "not exceeding $500, fifty cents; ex-
ceeding $500, one dollar."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. 1 understood that the
Committee of Ways and Means were going to
introduce an amendment in regard to manifests.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the paragraph
be made to conform to the paragraph in reference
to deeds, as it was amended, so that when under
$100 there shall be no charge.
11 was so ot dered.
Mr. POMEROY.* The paragraph in regard to
deeds was also amended by introducing the word
44 realty "instead of the words " or other things."
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. That will not
apply here.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to strike out the
words " or persons." I presume, sir, there is
hardly a State where mortgages upon chattels are
not recognized. They are rather an unsafe se-
curity anywhere. They are given by those who
are poor, and have nothing else upon which to
give a hen for money borrowed in a sudden
emergency, in the State of New York I do not
believe that more than $100 in money is ever bor-
rowed upon chattel moi tgages. I therefore move
to strike out the words, " or persons," so as to
confine the operation of the paragraph to the
realty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 rise to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from New
York. There are those who own valuable per-
sonal property upon which they can and do bor-
row thousands of dollars. I do not see any
reason why they should be exempted from taxa-
tion any more than the poor man who may hap-
pen to own a small piece of real estate. I hope
the amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That any mortgage given to secure the pay-
ment of puichase money for real estate shall be exempt
from any such charge.
I move this amendment for this reason: the
party will have to pay a tax upon the deed of
conveyance, and then he will have to pay a tax
upon the mortgage securing the payment of the
purchase money, thus making him pay a double
tax, which I think is not just.
Mr. STEVENS. The' man who gives a deed
isa different man from the man who gives amort-
gage.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Notarial act, any whatsoever, not otherwise charged in
tins schedule, twenty-live cents.
Mr. HORTON moved to strike out the line, and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
Protect.—Upon the ptotestof every note, bill of exchange,
acceptance, check, or draft, whether protested by a notary
public or any other officer who may be authonzed by the
laws of any State or States to nuke such protest, twenty-
five cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I did not catch the lan-
guage of the amendment, but I think that it does
not provide for marine protests. I move to add
the words "and marine protests."
Mr. HORTON. I hope that the amendment
will be agreed lo.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk road, as follows:
Passage ticket, by any vessel from a port in flic United
States to a foreign pott, it Jess than thn ty dollars, fifty cents;
exceeding thirty dollars, one dollar.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest to the Committee
of Ways and Means whether it would not be well
enough to inserta provision charging for passage
tickets granted upon railroads over foreign terri-
tory. Gentlemen are aware that the eastern and
western roads are upon the borders of a foreign
country, where railroads run parallel with oar
own, and if they arc permitted to carry passengers
free of tax they come in conflict with theinter^&fcs
of our roads, both East and West, and the profit
of travel will, by our own legislation, be thrown
directly into the coffers of those who live beyond
our limits. I move, therefore, to amend by in-
serting at the end of the paragraph, the words,
" and for passage tickets granted or sold by any
railroad company or agent thereof for transit upon
any railroad without the limits of the United
States, one dollar."
Mr. RIDDLE. I do not fully understand this
provision, but I wish to say a word or two in ref-
erence to the matter in which my people are in-
terested. It is well known by every member of
the committee, that the roads which run on the
southern shore of Lake Erie, run directly in com-
petition with the Canada road. Those roads now
carry freight and passengers at as low a rate as it
is safe for them to do, on account of that compe-
tition. A tax of two mills a mile upon passen-
gers is a discrimination against the American
roads to the amount of nearly one dollar and fifty
cents a head. I am advised by a gentleman upon
my left, that I have stated this matter a little too
high. But at any event, even at one half of that,
it will be utterly impossible for the roads upon the
southern shore of Lake Erie to compete with the
railroads north, and a single dime of tax, or a
quarter, at any rate, would dispose of the entire
through travel. It will be to those roads, in my
judgment, perfectly ruinous; but I do not exactly
know how the difficulty can be remedied. I do not
know that there is any remedy.
Mr. DIVEN. The amount can be collected at
the Detroit ferry.
Mr. RIDDLE. The gentleman suggests that
the amount can be collected at the Detroit ferry.
I suppose by that he would assess a sort of coun-
tervailing duty at that point. If that could be done,
I would be entirely content; but in order to do that
you would have to go across the Detroit river.
The travel from Detroit west is chiefly upon our
own territory, but upon the travel going east from
that, I do not see how you get around the diffi-
culty. Now, obviously this is so large an inter-
est which is to be affected seriously, I hope the
committee will well consider this amendment, and
also, if possible, devise some plan by which this
difficulty can be ultimately remedied.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount fifty cents. Imove
the amendment for the purpose of opposing the
proposition entirely. In the first place, to me the
amendment is almost unintelligible; but it may be
perfectly clear to the gentleman from Ohio. It
proposes a stamp tax upon any tickets held by
any railroad or their agent 
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me. I do not propose any such thing. I propose
a tax upon tickets granted or sold by any company
for the transit of passengers over any railroad with-
out the limits of the United States.
Mr. EDWARDS. If the gentleman had heard
my statement through, he would have seen that
I was correct. The amendment proposes a stamp
tax of one dollar on any railroad ticket held and
disposed of by any railroad company, or any
agent thereof, m the United States, which ticket
is intended to meet thechargeforpassengertravel
outside of the United States. That is the sub-
stance of the amendment.
Now, sir, in the first place, the tax could be
avoided and the provision rendered entirely nuga-
tory by the parties, because no agent would hold
such tickets. He would sell a ticket only to the
line of the foreign State, and then the railroad
outside of the United States would supply the
conncction. Thus the provision would amount
to nothing, and be rendered entirely useless for
any purpose of revenue. And even if it could
amount to anything, 1 should hold it objection-
able, because it would embarrass the travel on the
railroads within the United States and the rail-
roads outside of the United States, which, I be-
lieve, are only those running into Canada for the
convenience of the inhabitants on .both sides. I
