£06
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
committee on the conduct of the war, have in-
structed me to report back the resolution, with an
amendment providing that he shall be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, instead of out of the contingent fund of
the Senate.
Mr. WADE. Then it ought to be made a joint
resolution.
Mr. DIXON. Yes, sir. We propose to change
it to the form of a joint resolution, and that the
allowance be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropiiatcd. I ask for the
present consideration of the resolution.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion. As originally introduced by Mr. Wade, it
read as follows;
Resolved^ That the joint committee on the conduct of the
present war be authorized to employ a stenographer, who
shall bo paid out ot' the contingent fund of the Senate, at
the same late of compensation as that received by the re-
poitcrs of the Congressional Globe.
The Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate proposed to put
it m this shape:
Joint ievolution (9. No. 39) providing a stenographer for
the joint committee appointed lo inquiie-into the con-
duct of the war:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jimeiica in Congress assembled, That
the joint committee on the conduct of the war be authoi-
ized to employ a stc nographer, who shall be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, at the
same rate of compensation asthatieeeivcd by the reporters
for the Congressional Globe.
Mr. WADE. It was proposed in the original
resolution to pay this out of the contingent fund,
i thought it was so small a matter that we could
do it at once; but the committee have amended it
so as to make it a joint resolution, and it will have
to go to the House of Representatives in,that
shape.
Mr. DIXON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADE. Then you want to amend the
enacting clause so as to make it a joint resolution
—reyolvod by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, &c.
Mr. DIXON. That is what I propose.
The joint resolution was read three times and
passed.
M10SSAGJ5 t'llOIVI TIIE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 224) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending the 30th of June, 18G3, in
which tin; concurrence oft he Senate was requested.
KNltOLLlSD BILLS SKiNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon leceived the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (II. R. No. £38) to pay the expenses of
the special committee of the House of Represent-
atives, appointed July b, 18(ii,to ascertain and
report in regard to contracts with any depart-
ment of the Government, for piovisions, supplies,
transportation, &e.; and
A bill (H. R. No. 247) for the relief of William
Y. Strong.
* DILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 21st instant, the following acts and reso-
lutions:
An act (H. R. No. 160) to promote the effi-
ciency of the dead letter office;
An act (II. R. No. 193) in relation to the letters
of sailors and marines in the service of the United
States;
( A resolution (H. II. No. ;29) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to transfer certain bal-
ances of an appropriation for punting of the sec-
ond session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, to the
sum appropriated for the first session of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress; and
A resolution (H. It. No. 32) declaratory of the
purpose of Congress to impose a tax.
And that on the 24th instant he approved and
signed an act (H. R. No. 219) amending the pro-
vision of the second section of the act of Janu-
a: v 24,1857, enfoicing the attendanceof witnesses
before committees of eithei House of Congress.
IIAILUOAP AND TELEGRAPH LINES.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 169. lo authorize the President of the United
States, in certain cases, to take possession of rail-
road and telegraph lines, and for other purposes.
Mr SHERMAN. I trust my colleague will
allow the resolution in regard to secret sessions to
be adopted before that is taken up. I think we
can probably agree upon some form of joint rule
in relation to that matter.
Mr. WADE. I despair of making that of the
least efficiency in the world. Besides, this bill is
of more importance than any other measure before
the body now. I wanted a secret session to dis-
cuss it in; but we cannot get it.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. FOSTER, (to Mr.
Wade.) Wc can go into secret session on this
bill, if you want us to do so.
Mr. WADE. I will not say that it is neces-
sary.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
1G9) to authorize thePrcsident of the United States,
in certain cases, to take possession of railroad and
telegraph lines, and for other purposes, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States, when, in his judgment,
the public safety may require it, to take posses-
sion of any or all the telegraph lines in the United
States, their offices and appurtenances; to take
possession of any or all the railroad lines in the
United States, their rolling stock, their offices,
shops, buildings, and all their appurtenances; to
prescribe rules and regulations for the holding,
using, and maintaining of the telegraph and rail-
road lines, in the manner most conducive to the
safety and interest of Government; to placc under
military control all the offices, agents, and em-
ployes belonging to the telegraph and railroad
lines thus taken possession of, so that they shall
be considered a part of the military force of the
United States, subject to all the restrictions im-
posed by the rules and articles of war. Any at-
tempt, by any party or parties whomsoever, to
resist or interfere with the unrestrained use by
Government of the property thus taken possession
of, or any attempt to injure or destroy it, is to be
punished as a military offense by death or such
other penalty as a couit-martial may impose.
Three commissioners arc to be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to assess and determine the dam-
ages suffered, or the compensation to which any
railroad or telegraph company may be entitled, by
reason of the railroad or telegraph line being seized
and used under the authority conferred by the act,
and their award is to be final, and the amount is
to be paid to the party entitled to it out of any
money m the Tieasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
The transportation of troops, munitions of war,
equipments, military property and stores through-
out the United States, is to be under the immediate
control and supervision of the Secietary of War,
and such agents as he may appoint.
The compensation of each of the commission-
ers is to be eight dollars per day while in actual
service, and the provisions of the act arc not to be
in force any longei than is necessary for thesup-
piession of this rebellion.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill in the
ninth lme of the first section by inserting " ap-
pendages and" before the word 4' appurtenances."
[ am told there is a difference between appendages
and appurtenances, though I do not know of any.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I further move to amend the bill
by inserting m the eleventh line of the first section
after the word " lines" the words " and to ex'tend,
repair, and complete the same.5*
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill m the
fifteenth line of the first section by inserting " as
a post road and" after the word "considered."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. In the sixteenth line of the first
section, I move to stiike out the word "force,"
and insert " establishment" after the word " mili-
tary."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move, in the fourth line of the
fifth section, after the word "act," to insert " so
far as relates to the npcraiingand using of the said
railroad and telegiaph lines;" so as to make it read:
The piovisions of this act so far as it relates to tiie oper-
ating and using of the said railroad and telegraph lines shall
not be in forcc any longer than is necessary for the suppres-
sion of this rebellion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I will barely
state, for I do not want to take up the time of the
Senate, that this bill is contemplated merely as a
war measure. Of course it will not disturb any
road the owners of which are willing to let it come
into the use of the Government, and do the busi-
ness of the Government, to the best of their abil-
ity; but it is evident that in the progress of this war
we shall come to roads where that consent cannot
probably be obtained, and where it will be neces-
sary for the Government to seize and take posses-
sion of them. I suppose that under the war power
the Executive might do that without any law; but
it is much better that it should be done by author-
ity of law than by what may be considered by
some as a usurpation; and therefore, although the
bill is very sweeping, and subjects all railroads
and telegraph lines to its operation, it must still
be perfectly evidentthattheie will be but veiy few
lines that will be taken possession of by the Gov-
crment under its provisions. Indeed it will be
done in no case unless it becomes absolutely ne-
cessary to do it in order to carry on the business
of the Government for the purposes of the war.
There are probably but very few railroads in the
loyal Stales where this would be refused, the Gov-
ernment paying them as much as anybody else.
The fact is that the bill is really more radical and
sweeping in its terms than it ever will be in its
operation. I hope there will be no objection to its
passage.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator if any rate of compensation is
fixed in the bill, or any mode by which the ser-
vice is to be paid for when railroads are taken
possession of by the Government. Are the rates
for travel and transportation arranged in the bill?
It seems to me to be a very sweeping provision.
Mr. WADE. The rates are not fixed in the
bill, but it provides that the damages shall be as-
certained by the commissioners. Of course they
will depend on the circumstances in each paiticu-
lar case. It is impossible for us to prescribe them
in advance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the Senator from
Ohio to insert a few wor'ds in the bill that do not
affect its operation at all, but show that it is in-
tended to last only while the present war exists,
to put down this rebellion. In the fourth line of
the first section, after the word " judgment," will
the Senator insert " in the prosecution of the war
to put down the present rebellion r"
Mr. WADE. I suppose that is already pro-
vided for by the last clause of the bill, frhich de-
clares that it shall not be in force "any longer
than is necessary for the suppression of this
rebellion."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well;Iwill withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Secretary to read that
portion of the bill which prescribes the punish-
ment for interfering with these roads.
The Secretary read, as follows:
£k.o. 2. *dnd be it further enacted, That any attempt, bv
any paity oi pai ties whomsoevei, to resict or ltitciieie with
the unrestrained iibe by Government of the pioperlv de-
seuberl in the preceding section, or any attempt to injure
or destroy the property aforesaid, fchalf be punished cis> a
military offui^e by death, or such other penalty as a eouit
martial may impose.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am in favor of
this bill, except that portion of it which defines and
prescribes the mode of punishment I am for
giving to the President and to those who conduct
this war every necessary etlcctivc power to carry
it on successfully and to bring it to a speedy close;
but it seems to me that the punishmcntprescubed
by the bill is palpably unconstitutional. I do not
intend to occupy the attention of the Senate but
a few moments; but I will read clauses in the Con-
stitution which, in my judgment, are in the plain-
est and most palpable conflict with the punishment
as defined and as intended to be administered by
the bill. The third clause of the second section
of the third article is in these words;
"The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment,
shall be by jury; and such tiuii shall be held m the State
where the said crimes shall hove been committed; but when
not committed within any State,'" &c.
Well, sir, here are two clauses in the amend-
ments to the Constitution:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital orothei-
