THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
tjiighj say further thai it would not be good pojicy
to~a«tlopta measure of this character, unless the
gentleman should put into his amendment the
common provision that it shall not go into effect
until ,t}ie expiraiion of the reciprocity treaty. As
I see the gentleman who made the amendment
Rising, I will say I do not wish to be understood
gs.making tjiis last remark-seriously, but only as
W allusion to the frequent use of that limitation
in, relation to other subjects which have been be-
fore us.
J£ I hpvc a minute or two left, I desire to say
a word which I dcsire.d to say the other day, and
wiiich I can aow say as an additional reason why
this additional-embarrassment should not be put
tipoji railroads, and that is that the tax which was
assessed the other day is enormous. I trust it
never will get through both branches of Congress
and become u law. Look at it for a moment. A
tax of two mills per mile upon each passenger on
railroads is from eight to twenty per cent, upon
the gross receipts of railroads. Railroads usually
charge from two to three ccnts per mile, and on
some passengers, for long distances, theyreccive
less than two. Take three cents per mile, which
is, the highest, and two mills per mile is one fif-
teenthof the fare,and that is about seven percent,
of the gross receipts, and at least fourteen percent,
on ttet receipts. At two cents permilc, which is the
lowest usual fare, it is one tenth of the fare, and, of
course, ten per cent, on gross receipts, and more
than twenty per cent, upon net receipts. It takes
more than one half of the gross receipts to pay the
expenses of operating the road. This accounts
for the great severity of the tax when we getdown
to the real basis of ability, not income. I think
there should not be imposed so enormous a tax
upon any embarrassed and useful interest of the
country.
I make these remarks now, not because they
wjII have any effect upon this particular motion,
but becausc 1 could not make them the other day,
and because I trust they may have, with other
considerations I would be glad to present if theie
were time, an effect elsewhere, if not here.
[Hero the hammer foil.]
Mr. EDWARDS I withdraw my amendment.
Mr, BINGHAM. I move to amend my own
amendment by inserting, after the words "United
States," the words " for each passenger." I do
not suppose that any person comprehending the
real object and purport of my amendment will
oppose it, except it be upon the ground simply
that railroad companies may evade it. If they
do, it cannot be helped. All I can say is, that we
can take away from the American railroad com-
panies operating within the limits of the United
States, by the force and effect of this law, as I
propose to amend it, the opportunity of cheating
the Government out of an immense amount of rev-
enue for their own gain. Stop them from selling
tickets'in New York and Boston, in Cincinnati
and St. Louis, for the transit of persons gojng
either east or west over the Canada road—that
they may thereby evade the tax of two mills per
mile if they traveled to the same points over the
railroads within the limits of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the object of
the gentleman could be accomplished by impos-
ing this additional tax, it might be well for the
committee to adopt it. In practice, it would be
avoided and be rendered entirely nugatory. For
instance: it is the practice now of parties who get
tickets from the United States into and through
Canada, to exchange those tickets as soon as they
cross the line. All that would be necessary to
avoid the provisions of this amendment would be
to buy a ticket to the State line and then buy a
new ticket at an understood price, because it would
be published all through the country what such
tickets could be bought for.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman can see very
well by his own showing that his argument proves
too much, for the reason that almost every pro-
vision for income tax may be evaded by rascal-
ity. I do not think we should for that reason re-
fuse to so guard this bill as to prevent railroad
companies, within the limits of theUnited States,
selling through tickets over the Canada railroad,
and without the limits of theUnited States, with-
out paying the same rate for each passenger that
they would pay on the same passengers if carried
within the limits of the United States.
Thpamendmentlotheamendment was agreed to.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to reduce the
nmount to fifty cents. I do this in order to op-
pose the entire proposition. I do not see why the
people of northern Wisconsin, and of almost all
Michigan, should be subjected to this additional
charge in their passage to the sea-board. There
is a little railroad across the State of Michigan
which accommodates all the northern part of Wis-
consin, and a large portion of Minnesota. By it
their access to the sea-board is more direct than
by the southern road. At Milwaukee the travel
could be diverted and driven down to Chicago;
and at Detroit and Toledo they would be com-
pelled to pass over the south shore road. But I
cannot see what reason there is to compel these
mm to pay an additional dollar, and for driving
them a roundabout way to get to New York. I
think it is unreasonable; and I hope the amend-
ment will be entirely defeated, and that the iail-
road business of the country will be allowed to
take its natural course.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Bingham was
not agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend, in line one
hundred and forty-one, by adding the words " ex-
cept charitable, religious, liteiary, and cemetery
societies;" so that the clause* will read:
Power of attorney 01 proxy for voting at any election for
officers ot any ineoiporated company or bociety, except
cliiiriUiblt*, leligiou^, liteiaiy, and cemetery societies.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. LAZEAR. I move to insert after the par-
agraph beginning in the one hundred and forty-
sixth line, which is as follows:
Probate of will, or letter ot administration.—Where the
estate and effects for 01 m icspeet ot winch mch probate
or lottery oi sulmm^tration applied lor shall he swoin or
declared not to exceed tin; value of $2,500, filty centt>;
the following proviso:
ProriJccl, That when the estate and effect^ for and m ic-
spect of which such ptobate or letter^ of administiatioji
applied for bhall notcxeeed $1,000, no tax bhall be required.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 43, noes 50.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move to amend
the paragraph so as to piovidethat estates ofless
than $500 shall be exempted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HARDING. I usk unanimous consent of
the committee to go back to the paragraph 111 re-
lation to powers of attorney, so that 1 may offer
an amendment to reduce the tax from one dollar
to fifty cents.
Mr. STEVENS. I objected to a similar re-
quest made by one of my colleagues, and I must
object now.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the paragraph
m relation to probate of will by inserting, after the
one hundred and fifty-eighth line, the words " ex-
ceeding $100,000, one tenth of one per cent, for
such excess.''
The CHAIRMAN. The purview of the gen-
tleman's amendment \vould except estates of
§100,000 entirely.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. I propose it as a sep-
arate line, to come in after line one hundred and
fifiy-eight. 1 would merely call attention to the
fact that in the taxes laid m this paragraph it is
supposed that there will be no probate of wills
above #100,000, or if there are, that they cannot
afford to hear their fair proportion of the tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 would merely
call the attention of the committee to the 108th
page, where we have specifically levied a tax upon
all legacies.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to strike
out, in line one hundred and fifty-nine, the words
■'or memorandum of," and to insert "for;" so
that the paiagraph will read;
Warehouse receipt for any good5, merchandise, or piop-
erty ot any kind luldon stotage in any public oi puvate
waiehoiNe oi yard, twenty-five cents.
Mr. HORTON. I should like to hear a reason
for that amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I suppose the
object of the provision is to impose a tax upon
the receipts for storage; but if a merchant is re-
quired, every time he makes amomorandum of
the goods, wares, and merchandise that he has on
hand in his storehouse, to pay twenty-five cents
for making that paper, I am unable to see the
reason for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the words " where the stor-
age exceeds one dollar." It seems to me that it
be unjust to require a man to pay twenty-five cents
upon a package worth less than one dollar.
Mr. STEVENS. If men think it worth while
to store goods where the storage less than one
dollar, I think they had better pay this tax.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk then read the following paragraph:
Legal documents —Appeal fioiu the decree of any court
to a higher or appellate court, fifty cents ; writ, summons,
subpeiia, or other original piocess commenced In any court
of law or equity, fifty cents.
Mr. HORTON. I move to add to that para-
graph the following proviso:
Provided, That no writ, summons, or other process issued
by any justice of the peace, or issued in any criminal suit
by tile United States or any State, shall be subject to the
payment of stamp duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to add the following
additional proviso:
Provided farther, That the stamp duties imposed by the
foiegoing schedule on manifests, bills of lading, and passage
tickets shall not apply to steamboats or other vessels plying
between ports of the United States and polls of British North
Ameuca.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the word
" subpenn." It might be mistaken for subpenas
for witnesses. It was intended for original pro-
cesses, and the words " original process" seem to
me to embrace everything.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to a paragraph on page 105, to make a
Verbal amendment that will more precisely express
the meaning of the Committee of Way sand Means.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOOPER. On line one hundred and eigh-
teen, after the word " vessel," and within the
brackets, I move to insert the words "for custom-
house;" so that it will read:
Manliest of pait of the cargo of any vessel, (for custom-
house clearance.)
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to insert after the word
" manifest," in line one hundred and nineteen,
the words, " for custom-house entry or clear-
ance;" so that the paragraph will read:
M anit'est for custom-house entry or clearance of the cargo
of any ship, is-c.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I wish to ask the mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means a ques-
tion,as I am not familiar with the subject myself.
1 desire to know whether the clausc requires a
stamp duty to be. paid upon the manifests of car-
goes or oil the freight of steamboats plying, for
instance, between Boston and Salem.
Mr. HOOPER. Coastwise vessels are not re-
quired to have a manifest for entry or clearance;
they sail under a license.
Mr. BEAMAN. I wish to state that under the
practice on the northern frontier, particularly so
far as the ports of Michigan are concerned, there
is a manifest required.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mi. Horton]
to the proviso which he offered to the tax upon
legal proccss. I think his proviso only exempted
from the tax all process in criminal causes. I
move to insert the words " or penal" after the
word " criminal." There is a distinction in my
country between the two. There may be a great
many cases in the Federal courts under this law
th^t would not be exempted by the word " crim-
inal."
Mr. HORTON. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. HARPtlSON. I move,ns an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, to amend tile proviso, so as toexceptfrom
the operation of the paragraph all original process
issued in any cause commenced in the name of
the United States or in the name of any State, or
for the use of either the United States or of any
State. The proviso does not include civil causes.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment would
