THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
words, it would be better. It is necessary that
sonae-idea of that kind should remain in the bill,
with reference to another part of it.
Mr. HARRIS. My own impression is that
collectors generally will not want to divide their
districts. In mostof the districts the collector will
appoint a deputy, justas a sheriff appoints a dep-
uty, and-in my judgment it will operate the most
conveniently in that way by having deputy col-
lectors, just as a sheriff* has his deputy sheriffs.
I-am satisfied that will be the best mode of putting
this provision into execution; and therefore, if I
bad anything to say about it, I would not advise
any provision for districting a collection district
b>y the collector.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the custom, so far
as 1 have known it in all eases—and that is the
only way,in my judgment, in which the thing can
be done—is to divide the collection district into
sub-districts, and assign certain towns to a dep-
uty collector who resides inthatsection of the dis-
trict; otherwise it would be attended with great
additional expense, and the collector would have
much more additional difficulty in getting the ap-
pointments made. Though I have now forgotten
what part of the bill it is, theie was one part of
the bill which renders it absolutely necessary that
there should be a division of the districts. I did
not remember at the time that there was any such
division provided for, but on turning hack 1 found
this expression, which seemed to cover it. I
should be afraid to vote to strike it out as it stands.
Mr. HARRIS. There is another provision here
about giving public notice. Is that to be in a news-
paper or putting it up in public places?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York propose any amendment ?
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to strike out the
whole of that clause; but I am not tenacious
about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot do that.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I will not propose any
amendment on that subject now; but in the next
line, tiie seventh line, I propose to strike out the
word " sureties" which I apprehend is mere mis-
print, and to insert the word " securities." As it
is now it is an incorrect expression. Let it read,
"and may require bonds or other securities and
accept the same from such deputy." Let him take
any other security he pleases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have noobjectionto that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. At the top of that page I pro-
pose to strike out, after the word " Treasury,'3 in
line thirteen of section four, to the end of the sen-
tence, in tilt words " to be by him directed to be
putin suit upon any breach of the condition there-
of." Byasubsequent provision in this bill, which
is very proper, the FiistComptrollerof the Treas-
ury upon default of a collector is required to issue
his warrantand distrain upon the property of the
collector himself and his sureties. It does not
want any suit; you want the bond in order to es-
tablish the liability of the sureties; but the act itself
gives to the Government a judgment upon default,
and you issue execution at once, a warrant for the
collection of the amount, and distrain upon the
property not only of the collector but of his sure-
ties. You do not want any suit about it; and if it
should be important to have the suit afterwards,
this docs not make the party liable at all. The
Comptroller of the Treasury having the control of
the bond may order him to be sued whenever he
pleases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On the next page, page G, sec-
tion six, line ten, in oidcr to make the sentence
intelligible and to opciate as it was designed, the
words " number of" should be stricken out, so as
to read " articles "instead of "number of articles."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On the 11th page, at line ten
of section twelve, there is an ambiguous expres-
sion which has no meaning as it is now. The
assessor is authorized "to enter into and upon
the premises of such person or persons." No
" person or persons" have been mentioned before.
It is entirely unmeaning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines four and five are
the words " by or under the care or management
of any person or persons within such district."
Mr. HARRIS. The section reads:
I hat whenever there shall be in any assessment district
any property, goods, wares, and merchandise, articles, or
objects, not owned or possessed by or under the care or
management of any person or persons within such district,
and liable to be taxed as aforesaid, and no list of which
shall have been transmitted to the assistant assessor in the
manner provided by this act, it shall be the duty of the as-
sistant assessor for such district, and he is hereby author-
ized and required to enter into and upon the premises of
such person or persons.
It is property which has no owner or possessor
in the district. It should read, I suppose, "enter
into and upon the premises of any person in whose
custody it may be," or something of that sort,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it would do to
merely strike out the words " of such person or
persons"efter " premises."
Mr. HARRIS. I suppose it would.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it read,   the prem-
ises where such property is situated." I move
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to suggest a question
of taste in the bottom line of that page. There is
a very awkward expression there, I think: " pro-
vided the assessment district in which the said
objects of duty or taxation lie or be." I would
suggest "where the said objects of duty or tax-
ation are situated."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made unless it be objected to.
Mr. HARRIS. On the n#xt page, page 12, I
think the word 41 assistant," in line twelve of sec-
tion thirteen, should be stricken out. It provides
for the transmission of an account, statement, a
" list" as it is called, from one assessment district
to anothei* Now, suppose that a man wants to
transmit a®ist from Buffalo to New York, how
can he find out who is the assistant assessor in
New York? He should send it to the principal.
I move, therefore, to strike out the word " assist-
ant."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that will hardly
do. We looked at that matter. It contemplates
throughout that that business is to be done by the
assistantassessor. I think it had better be left in.
Mr. HARRIS. It will be very inconvenient in
practice, I am sure. But I withdraw the amend-
ment if it is thought important.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HARRIS, I might pursue this. I have
many memorandums of that sort, but I will not
now. I want to suggest to the consideration of
the Senate whether or not the compensation of the
assessor at two dollars a day is going to answer
the purpose of this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has a dollar for every
hundred names besides
Mr. HARRIS. The effect of it I can see very
well. Take a country district: the assessor has
to get his horse and wagon and go from town to
town, looking up the persons and property liable
to assessment and taxation; it will cost him at
least a dollar a day. Can you get a man who is
competent for the discharge of this delicate and im-
portant duty to perform the service at his own
charge and expense, for two dollars a day, and
with a dollar a hundred for the names he happens
to get? I do not believe you can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I perfectly agree with the
Senator. I think the salary to be paid is too low.
Mr. HARRIS. It is no more than a common
mechanic gets a day.
Mr. SIMMONS. I had a memorandum about
altering that when we came to it, because I was
satisfied that an assessor ought to be a man of
higher character and more intelligence even than
is required for a collector. You ought to know
something about him; he ought to be above the
suspicion that he will have a little money slipped
into his hand to lighten the taxes. He ought to
be the most vigilant as well as intelligent of all
your officers. He ought to be paid more.
Mr. SUMNER. Docs the Senator from New
Yoik propose any amendment in regard to this
matter?
Mr. HARRIS. I would suggest three dollars
a day, instead of two dollars.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to offer an amendment in
lieu of the one I offered before, to insert on page
125, at the end of section eighty-six:
And provided fuithcr, That in estimating the amount of
income of any poison as>herembcfore piovuied,theainount
of interest actually duo and payable by such person m each
and every year shall be deducted from the amount of the
gross income of such persons lor such year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would exclude all
other considerations, and I think it would have
an effect to create confusion.
Mr. DIXON. Do you object to it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt whether it is
advisable.
Mr. DIXON. If it is not, I do not wish to press
it. It strikes me that it is proper.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have looked at the defini-
tion of income, and I think the definition of in-
come, even as given in the ordinary dictionaries,
allows a man to deduct the interest he has to pay.
Income is a man's gain derived from his employ-
ment.
Mr. DIXON. That being the opinion of the
Senator from Maine and the Senator from Ohio,
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will suggest to the Sena-
tor from New York what we thought last year in
reference to the salaries of the assessors and their
assistants; perhaps the language of the bill we
passed last August will answer his purpose:
" And the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe such
reasonable compensation tor the assessment and collection
of said internal duties and income tax as may appear tolilrn
just and proper, not, however, to exceed in any case the
sum of $2,51)0 per annum for the principal officer herein
referred to, and $1,200 per annum for an assistant."
In drawing up a provision for an income tax,
we strike out that section of the act of last year,
because we do not want two sets of officers when
one will answer. We thought last year that
$2,500 would be a fair compensation for a prin-
cipal assessor, and $1,200 for an assistant. An-
other mode of compensation is pointed out in this
bill for the collectors; they are to have four per
cent, on their collections. We ought to have in-
telligent men for assessors. It Is a pretty difficult
matter to assess an income tax. We want a man
who can guess pretty well at the probable receipts
of persons.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the 19th page,in sec-
tion seventeen, there is now this provision:
Provided, The Secretary of the Treasury shall be, and he
is hereby, authorized to such additional rates of com-
pensation to be made to assessors and assistant asse.-sors in
the States of California and Oiesjon, and the Territories, as
may appear to him to be juitand equitable, in consequence
of the gi eater cost of living and tiavelmg in those States and
Tcnitorics, and as may in his judgment be necessaiy to se-
cure the services of competent and efficient men, piovided
the rates of compensation thu* allowed shall not execod the
rates paid to similar oliicers in such States and Territories
respectively.
That may be altered to read in this way, if the
Senate is willing to allow so much discretion to
the Secretary:
Provided, The Secretary of the Treasury shall be, and is
hereby, tiuthoiizcd to fix such additional rates of compen-
sation to be made to assessors and assistant assessots as
may, in his judgment, be necessary to secuie the services
of competent and ciiicientmcn.
And the provision should be made that the ad-
ditional allowance should not exceed a certain
amount for the assessoi, and a certain other
amount for the assistant. There should be a limit,
as the Senator from Rhode Island suggested. I
would say that the additional amount allowed to
an assessor should not exceed $500, and the ad-
ditional allowance to the assistant $250.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remind the Senator
from Maine that the alterations we have made in
the bill have lessened wonderfully the number of
persons whose names will be on the assessment
rolls. As the bill was sent to us from the House
of Representatives, there was a tax on watches,
plate, pianos, &c., and all persons owning these
articles would be on the assessment rolls. We
have struck all that out, so that there will be com-
paratively few persons on the rolls in a thinly"
populated district, and that is one reason why the
assessor's pay should not be higher.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have an idea that under
my proposition the rolls will be less than under
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take as much to
assess an income tax under the Senator's plan as
any other, and as much on manufactures.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should think $500 addi-
tional to an assessor, and $250 to an assistant
assessor, would be enough.
Mr. HARRIS. It would be enough generally,
but not in a place like New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is additional.
Mr. H ARRIS. To the two dollars a day ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there are two or three
