1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
positions that are self-evident. _ The first is, that
the rate ought to be fixed, and fixed by law; the
second is, that two dollars a day is not enough;
and the third is, that it is a matter of doubt whether
the increase proposed by the'lSenator from New
York is enough. He proposes three dollars a
day, I understand. That is certainly as little as
it ought to be, and, I am inclined to think, less.
Mr. SIMMONS. In the bill of last summer,
when we had nothing to assess but an income
tax, and there was 110 other article of tax in the
bill that would require the attention of an as-
sessor, we provided that the Secretary of the
Treasury might allow a just compensation, not to
exceed $2,500 to a principal officer, and $1,200
to an assistant. Now we have got, in addition
to that, enough provisions to collect at least
^100,000,000. It seems to me that when we in-
trust to men the assessment and collection of taxes
amounting to £100,000,000, we ought to have men
who can earn at least £,2,500 a year. Under the
piovlsion, as 1 would make it, they will not have
that, unless the Secretary of the Treasury thinks
they ought to have it. 1 want to fix some limit
which he cannot go beyond, but enough to allow
him to give u fair price to competent men. I do
not think we can 'got a better provision than the
one we put in the bill of last year, and therefore
I move to insert'in the proper place:
And the Secrctaiy of the Treasury shall prescribe such
reasonable compensation for the assessment ot &aid nitoi-
nal duties and income tax as may appear to him ju^t and
proper, not, however, to exceed in any case tlie sum of
$*2,3i)0 per annum loi the piuicipal a^se^orhereinleiened
to, and j^'ljQOO per annum for an assistant.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us fix it ourselves.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 would fix a limit beyond
which the Secieiary of the Treasury should not
go.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Twenty-five hundred dol-
lars might not be enough in some cases.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then say ^3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not say, " the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby au-
thorized, to fix such additional rates of compen-
sation, to be made to assessors and assistant
assessors, as may, in his judgment, be necessary
to sccme the services of competent and efficient
men." and then limit the rate of additional com-
pensation ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Then say, "not to exceed in
all $3,000 for a principal assessor, and $1,200 for
an assistant."
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot tell before-
hand what will be the amount received from the
two dollars a day while he is employed, and the
one dollai fot each hundred names. You can tell
how much additional you will authorize the Sec-
retary to allow.
Mr. SIMMONS. All I care about is to have
some reasonable limit beyond which he shall
not 50.
Mr. HARRIS. I would suggest, in answer to
the remaiks of the Senator from Rhode Island, that
the provision suggested by him would hardly an-
swer every purpose. It is quite likely, I imagine
that, under the discretion which is given to the
Secretary of the Tieasiuy, or the Commissioner
to be appointed, in our large cities but a single
assessor and collector wtll be appointed. I should
not be surprised if but a single assessor should be
appointed lor the city of New Yoik, and the busi-
ness should be done under one general assessor
by deputies, just as the sheriff's business is done
in that way there. It will be quite inconvenient,
I can say, to divide the city of New York into
assessment districts. It is quite possible that this
law will be administeied in the mode I have sug-
gested; I am inclined to think it will. Ifbutone
assessor shall he appointed tor the city of New
Yuik, his compensation ought to be pietty large.
In that way you would secure a very capable and
efficient man for that duly—a man who would
superintend the operations of his assistants, and
their pay might be less. I bohete that three dol-
lars a day for assistant assessors, even m New
York, would do very well, if there was a compe-
tent and efficient man at the head of the concern.
I suggest this with a view to show that there
should be considerable discretion and latitude
given to the officers of the Treasury Department
111 making this compensation. 1 believe it would
be cheaper for the Government to make that ar-
rangement, to appoint one leading man, a man
well acquainted with business transactions, well
acquainted with the various concerns which would
come under the notice of an assessor, and put him
at the head of the assessment department there,
and let him superintend and direct and control the
assistants. I believe it would be better than to
divide the city of New York up into as many as-
sessment districts as there are members of Con-
gress from the city. It seems to me, therefore,the
suggestion of the Senator from Maine is better,
that there should be some latitude given to this
mode of compensation.
Mr. SIMMONS. I agree with the Senator
from New York, that the fewer of these districts
we have, the better. I only mentioned the sums
of $2,500 and ^1,200 because they were agreed
upon before. I have confidence in the Secretary
of the Treasury; I am willing to let him fix the
compensation; I would give him authority to go
as high as $6,000, if that is thought better, but it
seems to me that there ought to be a limit some-
where.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwiU
state that there is no amendment before the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Rhode Island hasnotscnt
to the Chair any proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have one ready.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will not offer mine if the
chairman has one ready.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer this:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authoiued to fix such additional rates of compensation to
be made to assessors and assistant assessors a-* may in his
judgment he neeessaiy to seeute the service* of competent
and cfheient men : Provided, The additional jutes of com-
pensation thu-3 allowed fhall notexeoed the «nm of $1,000
per annum loi a pnneipal assessor, and per annum
lor an a^sibtant a^e.ssoi. m
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator will defeat his
whole purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How?
Mr. SIMMONS. The bill now provides that
the assessor shall have two dollars a day, and one
dollar for eveiy hundred names. I do not know
how many names there will be, but perhaps he
will get a hundred in a day, possibly. There are
not going to be a great many names to be put
down. 'Che assessor has to make his return in
sixty days, I think it is, or three months. He
may get $k200 perhaps, and now the Senator would
allow him $500 more, probably, or the whole ad^
ditional $1,000. 1 proposed to put it at §3,000.
Can the Senator see it now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can see the difficulty.
The difficulty is that he is not paid by the year;
but he is not requned to work by the year.
Mr. SIMMONS. But he has got to take up time
in hearing appeals fiom the assessments. I know
the matter was thought over 111 the select commit-
tee last summer, and they were unanimous in
agreeing that £.2,500 might be allowed, and now
there is moie required of these officers. If you
make the city of New York one assessment dis-
trict, as the Senator fsom New York proposes,
you want as good a man as you have now for col-
lector—a man of intelligence, a man who will be
above suspicion. 1 f 1 was in the place of the Sen-
ator fiom Maine, I would put it that tlie addi-
tional allowance should not exceed $3,000. I do
not know that that will be enough. He has to
sit to hear appeals, and must keep his mind pretty
bright, I reckon, to adjust some of these taxes
monthly. He has to get lists from all parties
dealing 111 merchandise every month. He has to
work pretty much all the year. I hope the Sen-
ator will put the additional allowance at, $3,000at
least.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senate would agree
upon a specific sum. I care less what the sum is
than I do that it should be fixed and determined;
and u seems to me it may be made so. We do
not know how many days'work we want in a
<j-iven district, but we ought to know what a day's
work of the description that we call for is worth,
and it seems to me we can put it 111 the bill. I
a°ree with Senators that we want a veiy efficient
kind of seiviee from men of excellent judgment
and of unquestioned integrity. What is such
work as that worth ? If it is worth three or four
or five dollars a day, why not say so' His work
is in collecting lists, making valuations, healing
appeals, and then in copying names. This copy-
| nig of names, to be sure, is not a work of such
immense responsibility. There is but little of that
however to be done. The gieat body of the work
is in collecting the lists of property, making the
valuations, and hearing appeals. I am entirely,
willing to allow five dollars a day for- these ser-
vices, and I believe we shall get off cheaper by
putting- that sum in than by putting two dollars,'
and give a right of appeal to the Secretary of the
Treasury. There is another objection to author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to fix these
sums, and that is, it is going to require the exclu-
sive attention of every member of Congress, every
agent, and everybody else who has any relations
to the Government, about half his time in receiv-
ing and answering letters from correspondents,
and running to the Department to get these sums
fixed. I want to be released from it, and 1 will
propose to strike out " three," in line six, of sec-
tion seventeen, page 18, and insert " five."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is too much. That
only applies to hearing appeals.
Mr. HOWE. I am going to amend it further.
I will move first to amend, in line three, by in-
serting, after the word "assessor," the words
" and assistant assessor," and then, in line six,
to insert44 five," instead of " three."
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the end of line three,
there is the word " two." You should strike that
out and insert something else.
Mr. HOWE. That is for work to be performed
in making; preparations and arrangements.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They ought to have more
than two dollars a day for it.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see what there is of
that kind of work to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can you get a good man
for two dollars a day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwiU
suggest to Senators that the amendment had bet-
ter be stated before they discuss it.
Mr. HOWE. I will move,in line twelve, after
the word " each," to insert the words, ''assessor
andand, in the same line, to strike out " two,"
and insert " five." I do not insist on these sums
if they arc not satisfactory to Senators.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator to increase the pay of the assessor in all cases
to three dollars a day, except where he is hearing
appeals, and there give him five dollars, if you
please; and give the assessors three dollars a day
in all cases.
Mr. HOWE. 1 am not disposed to be obsti-
nate about it, but I wish to suggest to the Senator
fiom Maine that I think the collecting of these
lists and making valuations, ferreting out this
property, getting at it, is really a more responsi-
ble business than hearing appeals; for my belief
is that hearing appeals is going to be a very light
business under this bill. There is going to be
but \ery little occasion for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin will be re-
ported from the desk.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment, in section seventeen, page 18, line three,
after the woul " assessor," msei t " and assistant
assessor;" in line six, strike out the word" three,"
and insert the word (< five" 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that, he does not want to make that amendmentin
line three, because the assistant assessor has noth-
ing to do with making the preliminary arrange-
ments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the amendment will be continued.
The Secretary continued the reading: In line
twelve, after the word "each," to insert the words
" assessor and," and after the word " assessor,
in the same line, to strike out " two," and insert
" five;" so that the section would read:
Srr. 17. And, he it further cnacted, That there shall be
allowed and paid to the iseveial a^essois and as>su taiii n -
se*-or-5, tor their sememe uuder tlus act—to each a-^e^or
and assistant assizor two dollais p«r day lor eveiy day
employed in malumr the neeessaiy arrangements and giving
the ncces&ary m=mieuon* to the assistant as&o-^ors i< r the
valuation ; and five dollars per day lor every day rmploved
id hearing appeals. 1 evi&in^ valuation*-, and making out lists
agreeably to the provision^ of this act; and one dollar lor
eveiy hundred taxable persons contained in the tax list, as
d«hve ed hy him to s-aul collector, and foiwaidedto the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; to each assessor and
ns.-jfstant assessor live doll.us loi every day actually em-
ployed in collecting h-t« and making valuations, the num-
ber of days necessary for that pm pos,e to be certified by the
a-^essoi and approved by the Commissioner 01 Internal
Revenue, and one dollar lor eveiy l.undied taxable poison*
contained in the tax li-st, as completed and dehveied by linn
to the ass-'CPsor, See.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Maine is right
