1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
50Y-
wise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indict- i
mcnt ofagrandjuiv, except in cases arising in the. land or H
naval I'oices, or in tin1 imhtia, when in actual scrvice in j|
time of war or public diuiqer," &c. ,
" In all criminal provocations the accused shall enjoy ;
the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impatual juiy j
of tlit"State and district wherein the crime bhallhave been '
committed, which distnct shall have been previously as-
ceitamed," &.c.
Now, sir, it seems to mo to bo perfectly plain
that the trial by jury for all offenses is guarantied
by the Constitution to every citizen, except when
the offense arises in the military or naval service
*of the United States. Can it be contended here,
with any reason, that if the officers of the United
States Government seek to appropriate the use of
a ladroad to the purposes of the Go\ eminent, and
that is resisted to any extent by the* officers or by
persons interested m the road, that that is an of-
fense arisingin the militai y or naval service of the
United States? No, sir. The meaning of those
words, according to my understanding, is this:
the sailors and marines in the naval service and the
soldiers in the land service, and all persons who
are engaged as partor parcel of the Army or Navy,
if they commit an olfense, for that offense may be
subjected to trial in the mode prescribed by the
Army regulations; and those are cases which at ise
in the land or naval service. But, sir, a collision
between any of the naval or Army officers, or the
naval or Army power of the United States and a
citizen, although the citizen may perpetrate the
offense, is certainly not a case arising within the
land or naval service. I think that the exception
and reservation in this clause of the Constitution
is to subject only such persons as are engaged in
the land'and naval service of the United States to
the summary process and judgment of military
courts, and that so far as a citizen may perfoim
an act which is criminal in itself, that the trial by
jury is secured to him by these constitutional pro-
visions, and that he cannot be deprived, without
a palpable violation of the Constitution, both of
his right to be indicted for the offense and his fur-
ther right of being tried for it by a jury. It seems
to me perfectly plain that because a citizen comes
into such relations or collisions, if you please, with
the Army or Navy of the United States as that he
commits an act which is denounced by the law as
criminal, he does not lose his character and his
privileges of a citizcn. He is not a part and parcel
of the Army or Navy of the United States; his
offense docs not arise either m the kind or in the
naval service; but it is a collision outside of that
service, between persons who are engagcd< in it
and the citizen who is not engaged either in the
land or naval service, and consequently his right
to be prosecuted according to the requirements of
the Constitution and to be tried by a jury is cer-
tainly undeniable.
Mr. WADE. There is great plausibility in the
argument submitted by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky; but this same constitutional question, I be-
lieve, lias been up once or twice before during the
present session.
Mr. President, these roads by this bill arc now
made post roads. They are taken possession ot
by the Government for military purposes alone.
They occupy them for no other purpose whatever.
They cannot occupy them for anything else. The
bill does not contemplate that they shall have pos-
session of them for any other purpose but for car-
rying on the war. It seems to me, sir, that it is
no great stretch of power to say that those persons
who are thus employed m furthering the pui poses
of the war, in carrying soldiers, provisions, arm-
aments, and everything else, are just as necessary
for carrying on the war as are the soldiers them-
selves. They are allemployed forexactly the same
puipose, to wit, cairying on the war. 1 believe it _
has always been helu that the teamsters who be- j
long to tlie Army are subject to the rules and reg- '
ulations of war as much as the soldiers in active
service. Will not these railroad employes be in
the military service of the Government when their
only purpose and employment is to further the
objects and purposes of the war, to the some ex-
tent that a soldier or teamster is'
Sir, you cannot get along without these loads;
and you cannot work the roads without men em-
ployed for the purpose; and those whom the Gov-
ernment employs in this service, it strikes me,
may be said without impropriety to be in the mili-
tary service of the United States. It is a militai y
service. When the roads are taken possession of
for military purposes, when the Government em-
ploys men to work them for military purposes and
for none others, it strikes me they are just as much
in the military service of the United States as are
the men engaged in transporting cannon and mu-
nitions and the soldiers themselves. If they are
in the military service of the Government, then
within the very letter of the Constitution they are
liable to be subjected to military rule. I do not
know that we should argue on the necessity of the
case that the constitutional provision would be ap-
plicable; but it is most manifest that when these
roads are taken possession of in the enemy's
country for military purposes, if you undertake
to indict the disturbers of the road and those who
resist the "possession of it by the Government,
you arc without any remedy whatever. How can
you subject them to an indictment of a grand jury
m an enemy's country where every man is your
enemy? l.t cannot b<' done, and they would es-
cape with impunity if you subject them to civil
penalties alone. Sir, your railroad destroyers and
bridge burners are the very worst disturbers of the
peace, and the most detrimental to the operations
of the war.
But, sir, as we had a similar question raised
before in the Senate during this session—I forget
the proposition on which it was raised—and it was
decided, I believe, that persons thus employed
may be properly deemed in the military service,
I hope that this question will be decided in favor
of the right to subject these persons to military
rules. If wc do not do tha,, the bill will be to-
tally inoperative, at the will of any of those per-
sons who see fit to resist you when you get into
the enemy's country, where this bill is undoubt-
edly designed to operate more than anywhere else.
If you are among friends, the Government do not
want to take military possession of the roads; but
if you are where they will resist you at every step,
you must subject them to court-martial, or your
attempt to carry out the provisions of the bill
will be perfectly nugatory. ~W here a road is taken
possession of for military purposes alone, where
the operators of that road are subjected to mili-
tary service and declared to be in the military
service, and when they arc such in fact, I do not
think it is a great stretch for us to subject them
to the rules and articles of war and such punish-
ment as we inflict upon those who arc soldiers and
officers m our Army. They are alike essential
to the service. They are acting in no civil ca-
pacity, butare operating for the furtherance of the
war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the special order is now before
the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will move
to postpone the special order for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of the bill now before
the Senate. I am very anxious that it should be
passed this morning. I hope it will not lead to
any prolonged discussion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I am somewhat
feaiful that the second section of this bill is not
very well considered. It certainly involves a very
great power on the part of the Executive if it be
carried out as contemplated here; and I think that
it does not make a proper distinction as to the
persons to be punished m the way suggested by
that section. The bill contemplates that, under
certain contingencies, the military force of the
country mny uike possession of the railroads and
telegraph lines of the country. This, I have no
doubt, is proper, and, under the right of eminent
domain, I have no doubt the Government has
power toauthonze it: but who shall decide upon
the contingency ? The owners of these roads may
be citizens having rights which are secured and
guarantied to them under the fifth amendment of
the Constitution, and they have a right to appeal
to the courts, I should think,in order to determine
whether those rights were or wei e not violated by
the military ofliceis m taking possession of their
property at that time for public use.
That is the first objection that I would make to
this section, that it does not provide properly for
thnt contingency, but subjects the citizen, in case
he denies the great fact upon which the taking
rests, that he shall be subject to punishment as
! though he wriea part of tin land or naval forces,
i and as though he were bound by the articles of
| war. Why, it may be asked, are persons in the
land and naval forces subjected to military pun-
ishment for offenses? It js because they nave
waived their constitutional rights by subscribing
at the time they entered this force to the rules and
regulations laid down by Congress for the gov-
ernment of the land and naval forces; and I very
much doubt whether a man could be subjected to
the peculiar punishment there inflicted, unless he
had first subscribed to those articles. Certainly,
when a man enters the Army, he is called upon
and he does agree Co those rules and regulations,
which arc outside of the course of the common
law, and which do not proceed by due process of
law, before he can be held answerable.
Then, again, sir, we are nowat war, and in the
conduct of that warwe are to be governed by the
rules of war as they arc laid down in the laws of
nations, the same as though we were in a contest
with a foreign power and an alien enemy. Now,
if, perchance, a detachment of the rebel army,
clothed in its uniform, preceded by its flag, were
to undertake to interrupt the use by the Govern-
ment of these railroads and telegraph lines, could
they be punished for that offense by a court-mar-
tial? I think not, sir. I think that in case they
were arrested in that attempt, that the commander
of the forces arresting them would be obliged to
treat them precisely as though they were prison-
ers of war; and to hold otherwise would be to in-
volve the war in all the barbarisms of the law of
retaliation. If we were to execute rebels taken
in the act of bridge burning, with the rebel uni-
form upon them and under the rebel flag, the next
thing would be they would execute a correspond-
ing number of our prisoners; and then where
would this thing end? It would end m the de-
struction of all those salutary laws of humanity
and civilization which have been, by the univer-
sal consent of nations, adopted for the regulation
of war.
I suppose if this were done by citizens, by per-
sons in the character of spies, then perhaps a dif- •
fercnt rule would obtain; but still those are grave
questions, and questions which would require. I
should think, much more consideration than we
are able to give to this bill here in an afternoon;
and I should be sorry to see it passed, unless all
those things were properly considered and well
guarded.
I am rather inclined to think that the honorable
Senator from Kentucky is right in his objection to
this section, that it does not properly secure the
rights of the citizen: and I am further of opinion
that it does not properly distinguish between the
soldiers of the rebel army and those who might,
without their uniforms, be guilty of malicious mis-
chief, such as might be punished otherwise. I
think one of our generals has laid it down as his
practice, if a bridge be burnt or a road be obstructed
by persons having the uniform of the confedeiacy
upon them and he arrests them, that he will hold
them as prisoners of war; but if it be done by pri-
vate citizens adventuring themselves upon this
enterprise of their own head, that then he will
execute them as spies and traitois. Whether he
is right or no, I do not undertake to say; but there
should be, I think, that distinction made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think, sir, this section
may be slightly altered, without impairing its effi-
ciency, so as to accomplish evciy object designed
by the Senator from Ohio, and still steer clear of
this constitutional objection. The Senator from
Ohio says thnt it would be impossible in districts
where railroads would probably be taken posses-
sion of to impanel juries and try the parties resist-
ing that possession. That is very true; it would
! be; and it is not necessary to do it there. Now,
[ the distinction which I make, and the basis of
1 the bill which has been introduced here to con-
; fiscate th< property of rebels goes upon this idea:
! that the Constitution of the United States, which
i guaranties a jury trial, and which declares that
no man shall be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
j erty without due process of law, has no applica-
i tion whatever to adistnctof country where the ju-
! dicial tribunals are utterly overthrown, and where
! the military power is called m for the purpose of
! putting down an insurrection, just because the
j judicial authorities are overthrown. That is the
! very point where the military may begin to op-
- crate.
! Ill all these insurrectionary States or districts of
: country which have been proclaimed by the Pros-
, idem, or which may hereafter be proclaimed by
