.508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
the President, to bo in a state of insurrection and
war, where your civil tribunals are trodden under
foot, where your judicial authority cannot be en-
forced, (which is the very reason that you have
resorted to the military power.) the military power
governs; your civil authority does not operate at
all. It is an utter impossibility that it should.
Can you try a man for a crime in South Carolina
or in .North Carolina? Why is it that the Army
has a right to shoot a man on the other side of the
Potomac? Does anybody doubt thatour soldiers
who fought at Manassas, or who fought the other
day in Kentucky, and who slew hundreds of the
enemy, did that lawfully, just as legally as a sher-
iff would have executed one of those men had he
been indicted by a grand jury, tried by a petit
jury, convicted of murder, and sentenced to be
hung? It was constitutional to shoot these men.
Why? Because the Constitution says that Con-
gress may call out the Army for the very purpose
of putting down insurrection*, and when the Army
comes to put it down, it is clothed with all the
powers which armies use to put down their ene-
mies, and the civil tribunals do not operate there
at all, neither habeas corpusnov jury trial; norcan
it be said there that a man cannot be deprived of
life, liberty, and property except by due process
of law.
Why, sir, the bayonets of our brave soldiers
are the 44 due process of law" authorized by the
Constitution to put down this wicked rebellion.
Some say we cannot confiscate property*, that it
is unconstitutional to confiscate the property of
these rebels. We can take their lives, can we not?
Does any one suppose it unconstitutional to shoot
a rebel who is lighting to overturn this Govern-
ment, where the judicial authorities arc all over-
borne? If we can take the life of a man, I ask is
his propertymore sacred than his life? We may
not only take his life, we may take him a pris-
oner, we may hold him as a prisoner; and we do
that without any jury trial. It is cxactly, as I
have said before, upon the very idea that your
civil authorities are overborne, your judicial au-
thorities cannot operate, that the military power
is calied into being. The Constitution authorizes
this. It is a different state of things from that in
which the judicial power can operate. Itisutteily
impossible that the clause of the Constitution re-
ferred to can have operation where there are no
courts. Then, sir, in my judgment, if the second
section were amended by inserting after the word
<$ whomsoever," in the second line of the second
section, the words, u in anyStateor district which
has been or may hereafter be declared by the
President of the United States to be in a state of
insurrection," 1 believe it would be constitutional,
and I think that would accomplish all the object
that the Senator from Ohio desires
I clo not believe that a citizen in the State of Illi-
nois, or a citizen in the Slate of Maine, who should
interfere with a railroad which the Government
had thought proper to take possession of, could
be put upon his Uial by coui t-nuirtml under the
Constitution. Why? Because, in the State of
Illinois, and in the State of Maine, the judicial
tribunals jut in full operation; the Constitution
operates there, and you can try the parties before
the civil tribunals. That portion of the Constitution
which authorizes the Army to put down an insur-
rection does not opeiate in that region of country.
I deny that all the people of the United States m
these loyal Saucs arc under the control of the
Army. It is to me a most repulsive, I may say
a most monstrous, doctrine to w^y that the twenty
millions of people in the loyal States who are main-
taining the Constitution and volunteering to light
for it, where the courts aie in operation, where
judicial process is not obstructed, that our livts,
ourhberiy, and our property, and everything else,
is put under the control of the military. So far
from it, I hold that the military is subject to the
ciwl power, and should act and be made to act in
obedience to the civil power; and I hold it is act-
ing in obed ience to the civil power when it goes
foith on this errand to put down the rebellion by
war and by the slaughter of our enemies.
If the hill is amended as I suggest, it will au-
thorize the President of the United States to take
possession of any laiiroad, as is provided by the
bill, in any insun < etionary district where the ju-
dicial authorities ar<* overborn^, and to try any
man who attempts to interfere with the road, by
court-maitial or in any oilier way that the military
think proper. The judicial tribunals do not oper-
ate there; and it cannot be that there is no power
in this Government to preserve order, to preserve
the quiet of the community, when we take pos-
session of a region of country where the judicial
authorities have all been overthrown. I hope the
Senator from Ohio will agree to an amendment of
the character I have indicated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) It is moved that the bill be amended
by inserting after the word " whomsoever," in
the second line of the second section, the words
" in any State or district which has been, or may
hereafter be declared by the President of the Uni-
ted States to bo m a state of insurrection." So
that it will read:
That any attempt, bv any party or parties whomsoever,
m any State or district which lias been, or may hereafter
be, (Icciaicd by the Picfiilciit of tliu United States to be in
a sfare of insuneefion, to ifsi-t oi inteifcre with the unre-
strained u^e by Government of the property described in the
pieeedmg section, &e.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, we are all
agreed m the general idea of this bill; we are all in
favor of it; we all wish to invest the Government
with this new power; but a question is interposed
by Senators with regard to our right under the
Constitution. Itissuid that the power with which
the Government will be invested will be beyond
what is allowed by the Constitution ; and my
friend, the Senator from Illinois,has made a prop-
osition to the effect that this power, in its exer-
cise, shall be limited to any State or district de-
clared by the President to l3e in insurrection.
Now I wish to call the attention of the Senator,
if I can have it for one moment, to the precise
operation of his proposition. The States or dis-
tricts now declared by the President to be in a
state of insuirection, are those which are not yet
occupied by our arms, unhappily. But it is well
known that there arc regions which are the seat
of military operations where it is important that
this act should at once be put into execution. If
we introduce the language of the Senator, and
stop there, we shall leave the act substantially in-
operative at the present moment in the chief seat
of military operations. 1 propose, therefore, to
add to his amendment these words: u or the actual
seat of military operations;" so that the amend-
ment, as amended, will read:
In any State ordi&uict deelated by the Presidentm insur-
rection, or the iictual $cat of military operations.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. Suppose certain parties were
to interfere with the Government in their use of a
railroad within a State not declared in rebellion.
What would be the offense of which they would
be guilty ? Would it be treason ?
Mr. SUMNER. In a State not in rebellion ?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir; say Pennsylvania.
Mr. SUMNEll. Then he would be punished
under the Suite laws. It would not be reached
under the limitation which I propose to introduce
into the statute.
Mr. COWAN. He could be punished there
for the offense, because the fair intent would be
that he was engaged m trying to help the enemy
by destroying or obstructing the road; and there
would be ample remedy there.
Mr. SUMNER.* But the desire is to give this
bill a special efficacy m carrying; on the war; and
I submit to my friend from Illinois that, if his
amendment should be incorporated in the bill
without any addition, the bill would be rendered
substantially inopciative at the actual scat of mil-
itary opomtions at the present moment. My
amendment, it seems to me, is calculated to meet
the special requirement of the moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment to add the
words, " or the actual seat of military operations."
Mr. PEAK.CE. I shall be much obliged to the
Senator fioni Massachusetts if he will state what
are the countries or portions of countries the seat
of military operations not in the seceded States in
which ho thinks it necessary that this law should
be applied.
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot myself at this mo-
ment indicate all the actual scats of military oper-
ations. They must be as well known to the Sen-
ator as to myself. It is familiar to the country that
there have been military operations in Missouri,
and that there are at this moment military opera-
tions in Kentucky of the most important character.
Mr. PEARCE. That is true, Mr. President;
hut those States are in a state of insurrection, un-
doubtedly. They are divided among themselves.
Mr. SUMNER. Yet the Senator is aware they
have not been so declared by the President in his
proclamation.
Mr. PEARCE. I desired to know whether he
supposed it was necessary to apply this rule to
those regions of country which are notoriously
not in insurrection, but in which armies are sta;
tioncd. In my own State, for example, there are
armies stationed on the Potomac and at Baltimore,
and small bodies scattered throughout the State in
other places. I wish to know whether it is con-
sidered as necessary to apply this rule to my own
State, for instance, as to those States which are in
secession, or those other States which, although
it is not promulgated that they are insurrectionary,
it is well known are the seat of insurrectionary
war.
It seems to me that this bill is a very extraordi-
nary one. It has taken me by surprise. I believe
it was only laid on our tables yesterday. If it were
confined to the States in secession I should make
no objection; but I confess I am appalled with the
idea of giving the Executive such an enormous
power as this over States which are not in insur-
rection, which may not be in insurrection, and in
which there is not a fortieth part of the people
who desired it ever should get into insurrection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask the Senator
one question.
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask him whether it might
not be necessary in certain cases? Suppose, for
instance, that railroad between here and Phila-
delphia should utterly refuse to transport troops,
munitions of war, or anything of that kind for the
Government—ought there not to be power under
the general power of the Government for carrying
on war to make them carry these things, by force
if necessary?
Mr. PEARCE. I will answer in a moment,
sir. We know what the effect has been in rcgaid
to these railroads. The railroad from Philadelphia
to Baltimore has acted promptly and with the most
perfect devotion to the interests of the country;
and there is no member of this body who enter-
tains the slightest idea that that corporation will
be managed in a spirit of hostility to the Govern-
ment. The railroad from Baltimore to this city
has been managed in a similar manner. During
the time the Potomac river was blockaded, and
supplies could not be obtained by water as usual,
that company not only showed a readiness but a
capacity to transport an amount far beyond all
previous calculations, several thousand tons aday
having been brought to the city of Washington
by that company for the use of the military. They
even showed a disposition to put the Government
far ahead of the public community which had hith-
erto sustained them. Then- commercial tonnage
was postponed for that of the Government, and
they accomplished all that was desired of them,
and will continue to accomplish it.
What necessity is there 111 such a state of things
for the Government taking the whole of this vast
property, in which there are invested twenty-six
or thirty millions—I mean thcBaltimoreand Ohio
railroad" and its branches—into their own hands,
subject to a thousand difficulties and inconven-
iences which it is impossible to foresee, and cer-
tainly impossible for me to state now impromptu ?
But I can see a great many even now.
What provision is there for transportation of
commercial tonnage? The Government takes the
railroad into its own hands, and becomes, for the
time, the owner of the road for military purposes.
Is it to be allowed to accommodate the commer-
cial community? Shall thepeople ofWashmgton
starve for the necessities of life, which have been
hitherto transported so largely over this road to
the city of Washington ? If the Government, then,
is to conduct this road, how is it to be conducted ?
What provision do you make for paying the in-
terest on the bonds of those whose ail is invested
upon the faith of the securities of this i oad ? There
are thousands of women and children who have
no other means of living but upon the interest of
the bonds of ibis railroad company. Is the Gov-
ernment going to pay them? Do they assume all
its liabilities and all its powers? And for all this,
