1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
I have offered this amendment for the purpose
of calling the attention of the Committee of Ways
and Means to that class of patent medicines re-
ferred to in this proviso, where a large portion
of the material composing them is alcohol, upon
which a large duty is already placed. It seems
to me that upon such medicines this tax should
not be as large as upon other medicines.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the quack doctors
get off pretty weli this morning. I confess that
the amendments which have been adopted have
gone down my throat with a great deal of reluc-
tance. I hope we shall not reduce this tax any
further. I trust that the amendment will not pre-
vail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the re-
mainder of the section, as follows:
Schedule of drttgs, herbs, pills, powders, tinctures, ■potions,
cordials, bitters, anodynes, tonics, plasters, liniment, salves,
ointments, drops, waters, essences, spirits, oils, prepara-
tionsj and compositions.
Aromatic snuff, balm of a thousand flowers, balm of life,
balsam of wild cherry and Iceland moss, balsam of liver-
wort, Badger's cod liver oil, Brandreth's pills, British oil,
Bull's sarsaparilla, Burnett's coeuaine, cathartic pills, ca-
tarrh snuff, cough sirup, croup remedy, croup sirup, dent-
ifrice, epileptic pills, essence of life, eye water, family pills*,
female pills, glycerine lotion, hair restorative, Hosteller's
bitters, hypenou fluid, hair dye, magic liniment, old Dr.
Jacob Townsend's sarsaparilla, oxygenated bitters, pain
killer, pulmonary balsam, pulmonic sirup, pectoral bal>am,
pulmonic wafers, railroad pill>, ready reliet, Richardson's
bitters, Russia salve, Scheidam schnapps, sherry wine bit-
ters, sugar-coated pills, tonic inixtmc, tooth powder, vege-
table pulmonary balsam, vermifuge, worm lozenges, 01
by whatsoever other name the same heictofore have been,
now are, or shall hereafter be called, known, or distin-
guished; and also all pills, powders, lozenges, tinctures,
potions, cordials, bitters, tonics, alteratives, anodynes,
pomades, liniments, embrocations, electuaries, plaster-*,
unguents, salves, ointments, drops, panaceas, lotions oils,
spirits, medicated herbs and waters, chemic.il and officinal
preparations whatsoever, of other or the same 01 the like
properties, qualities, viitues, efficacies, and pietensioris
with the articles before mentioned, named, enumerated, or
specified in this schedule, or any of iliem, made, prepaied,
uttered, vended, or exposed to sale by any person or persons
whatsoever, wherein the person making or preparing the
same has, or claims to have, any occult secret or art for the
making or preparing the same, or has, or claims to have,
any exclusive right or title to the making or preparing the
same, or which have at any tune heretoiore been, now arc.
or shall hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed
10 sale under the authouty of any letters patent, or winch
have at any time heretofore heen^ now are. or shall here-
after be, by any public notice or advertisement, or by any
written or printed papers, or handbills, or by any labels or
words written, printed, 01 affixed to, or delivered with any
such packer, box, bottle, or vial, or Other iticlosure afore-
said, lie hi out or recommended to the public by the makers,
venders, or proprietor*, thereof, as nostrums or proprietary
medicines, or as specifics!, or as beneficial to the preven-
tion, cure, or relief of any distemper, malady, ailment, dis-
order, or complaint incident to or in anywise afflicting the
human or animal body.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to insertat the end of
the section as follows:
Perfumery and cosmetics.—For and upon every packet,
box, bottle, pot, vial, or other inclosure, containing es-
sence, extract, toilet water, cosmetic, hair oil, pomade,
bairdrcssing, hair restorative, hair dye, toothwash, denti-
frice, tooth paste, aromatic cachous, or any similar articles,
by whatsoever name the same heretofote have been, now
are, or may heieafter be called, known, or distinguished,
ii cd, or applied, or to be used or applied as perlume.s or ap-
plications to the hair, mouth, or skin, made, prepared, and
sold or removed for consumption and sale in the United
States, where such packet, box, bottle, pot, via!, or other
incloMne, with its contents, shall not exceed at the retail
price or value the sum oftwenty-five cents, one cent; where
such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other inclosure, with
its contents, shall exceed the retail price or value of twenty-
five cents, and shall not exceed the retail price or value of
fifty cents, two cents; where >uch packet, box, bottle, pot,
vial, or other inclohure, with us contents, shall exceed the
retail price or value of fifty cents, and shall not cxceed the
retail pricc or value ofseventy five cents, three cents5; where
such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial,or other inciosure, with
its contents, shall exceed the retail price or value of seventy-
five cents, and shall not c\uecd the retail price or value of
one dollar,four cents; wheie-uch packet, box, bottle, pot,
vial,or other inciosurc, with its contents, shall cxceed the
retail price or value of one dollar, lor each and every fifty
cents or fractional pait thereof over and above the one dol-
lar, as before mentioned, an additional two cents.
Playing cards—For and upon every pack in four suits
of thirteen each, with painted ngures and devices upon
them for playing games with, twenty cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move now to return to the
sections some time since passed over informally,
relating to the income tax.
There being no objection, the committee re-
turned to the eighty-third section, which repeals
the income duty in the tux bill of the last ses-
sion.
The eighty-fourth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 81. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day of May next, there shall be levied, collectcd,
and paid annually, upon the annual gains, profits, or in-
come of every person residing in the United States, whether
derived from any kind of property, rents, interests, divi-
dends, salaries, or from any profession, trade, employment,
or vocation carried on in the United States or elsewheie,
or from any other source whatever, except as hereinafter ,
mentioned, if such annual gains, profits, or income exceeds
the sum of$600,aduty of three per cent, on the amount of
such annual gams, profits, or income over and above the
said sum of $600: and upon the annual gains, profits, or
income, rents, and dividends acciuing upon any property,
securities, and stocks owned in the United States by any
citizen of the United States residing abroad, except as here-
inafter mentioned, and not in the employment of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid a duty of five per ccnt.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
in lines one and two by striking; out the words
" fiom and after the 1st day of May next."
The amendment was agreed to.
The eighty-fifth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 85. And be it further enacted, That in estimating
said annual gains, profits, or income, whether subject to a
duty, as piovided in this act, of three per cent, oi of five
per cent., all other national, State, and local taxes, law-
fully assessed upon the property or other sources of income,
as aforesaid, fiom which said annual gains, piofits, or in-
come is oi should bedenved shall be fnstdcducted, and ail
gains, profits, or income derived fiom salarie.vof ofiiceis,oi
payments to persons in the civil, mihtaiy, naval, or other
service of the United States, including Senators and Mem-
bers of Congress, or denved from interest or dividends on
stock, capital, oi deponts in any bank or savings institu-
tion, or on any bonds or other evidences of indebtedness of
any railroad company orcorpoiation, which shall have been
assessed and paid by said banks, savings institutions, or
lailroad companies, as atoresaid, shall also bo deducted;
and the duty herein provided for shall be assessed and col-
lected for the year next preceding the time for levying and
collecting said* duty, that is to &ay, on the 1st day ot May,
156'2, and in each yeai thereafter: Provided, That upon such
poition of said gams, profits, or income, whether subject
to a duty as provided in this act ot three per cent, or of five,
percent., which shall be derived from interest upon notes,
bonds, or other securities of the United States, theie shall
be levied,collected,and paid,a duty notexccedmgone and
one half of one per cent., anything in this act to the con-
traiy notwithstanding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
in line eleven by inserting, after the word "bank,"
the words, " trust company."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
by insertingin the twelfth line, after the word "in-
stitution," the words " insurance, gas, bridge,
express, telegraphic company or corporation."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
in line fourteen by adding, after the word "banks,"
the words " trust companies."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
in the same line,after the word " aforesaid," by
inserting the following words:
Or derived from advertisements, or any articles of manu-
facture upon which specific or ad valorem duties shall have
been directly assessed or paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
in line seventeen by inserting, after the word " col-
lected," the words " upon the income."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
in line seventeen by inserting, after the word
i( year," the words " ending the 31st day of De-
cember. "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
in line nineteen by striking out the word 41 two"
and inserting " three."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
in line seven by inserting, after the word "de-
ducted," the words "from the gains, profits, or
income of the person or persons who actually pay
the same, whether owner or tenant."
The amendment was agreed to.
The section, as amended, would then read:
Sec. 85. enacted,That in estimatingsaid
annual gams, profits, or income, whether subject to a duty,
as provided in this act, of three per cent, or of live percent.,
all other national, State, and local taxes, lawfully assessed
upon the property or other sources of income, as aforesaid,
from which said annual gains, profits, or income is or should
be derived, shall he first deducted from the gains, profits,
or income of the person or persons who actually pays the
same, whether owner oi tenant; and nil gams, piofits, or in-
come derived from salaries of officers, or payments to per-
sons jn the civil, military, naval, or other service of the
United States, including Senators and Members of Con-
gress, or derived from interest or dividends on stock, capi-
tal, or deposits in any bank, trust company, or saving* insti-
tution, insurance, gas, bildge, express, telegraphic company
or corporation, or on any bonds or other evidences of in-
debtedness of any railroad company or corporation, which
shall have been assessed and paid by said bank?,tiu>t com-
panies, savings institutions, or rail road companies, as afore-
said,or derived from advertisements, orany ai tides of man-
ufactuie upon which specific or ad valorem duties shall have
been directly assessed and pan!, shall nl&o be deducted;
and the duty herein provided for shall he assessed and col-
lected upon the income for the year ending the 31st day of
December next preceding the time for levying and collect-
ing said duty; that is to say, on the 1st day of May, 1863,
and in each year thereafter: Provided, That upon such por-
tion of said g&ins, profits., or income, whether subject to a
duty as provided in thi« act of three per cent, orot five per
cent., which shall bo derived from interest upon notes,
bonds, or other securities of the United State®, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid a duty not exceeding one and
one half of one per ccnt., anything in this act to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. POMEROY. I would like to have some
explanation of this eighty-fifth section, it reads
as follows:
And the duty herein provided for shall be assessed and
collected for the year next preceding the time lor levying
and collecting said duty, that is to say, on the 1st day of
May, 1862, and in each year theiealter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That has been
modified to read 1863.
Mr. WICKLlfc'FE. I should like to have some
explanation of the eighty-fifth section. It reads,
first:
Sec. 85. And be it further enacted, Th.it in estimating
said annual gains, profits, or income, whether subject to a
duty, as piovided in this act, ot tluee per cent, or of five
pei cent., all other national. State, and local taxes lawfully
assessed upon the piopertv or other sources ot income, as
afoiesaid, fiom which said annual gains, pi ('fit's, or income
is or should bo denved shall be first deducted—
and next it goes on as follows—
and all gains, profits, or income denved fiom salaries of
officcis, or payments to peisons in the civil, military, na-
val, or other service of the United States, including Sena-
tors and Members of Congress, or derived from interest or
dividends on stock, capital, or deposits in any bank or sav-
ings institution, or on any bonds or other evidences of in-
debtedness of any railroad company or corpoiation, which
shall have been assessed and paid by said banks, savings
institutions, or railioad companies, as aforesaid, shall also
be deducted.
Now, suppose that I have an incomc of §5,000
from various sources; $4,000derived from stocks,
bonds, &c., which are to be deducted, and then,
as I understand the section, I am only to be taxed
upon the remaining $1,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The section as
it now stands, I think, obviates all of the objec-
tions which have been made against it. It leaves
it to operate upon those salaries not derived under
the United States Government and upon all per-
sons not taxed by the bill in other forms; for in-
stance, those engaged in trade and those who lend
money and take mortgages or buy notes.
Mr. EDWARDS. I call the attention of the
committee to these words: " and the duty herein
provided for shall be assessed and collectcd for the
year next preceding the time for levying and col-
lecting said duty, that is to say, on the first day ot
May, 1862, and in each year thereafter." That
would impose a tax upon a year's income from
1861 to 186*2. It goes back, then.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vei mont. It has been made
1863. There is already an incomc tax imposed
by existing statutes, and we have provided that
that tax shall accrue from last December up to
next December, and be paid in 1863.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I proposed to offer a pro-
viso to the section, " that on such portion of said
gains, profits, or income, derived from property
already taxed by this act, or the act of August 5,
1861, no further tax shall be collected;" but I was
informed by the gentleman from Vermont that it
was covered by the section already. It provides, I
find, for everything else except real estate. By
the act of 5th of August, 1861, real estate has been
taxed, and now the owner of that property is to
be taxed upon his income. In other words, real
estate is taxed twice,and'to obviate that difficuly
I move to amend by adding the following:
Provided,That on such poition of said gains, profits, or
income, derived from real estate already taxed by this act,
or the act of August 5, 1861, no further tax shall be col-
lected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust thatthe
amendment will nof be adopted. St is in such gen-
eral terms that it will lead to confusion and fraud.
So far as the tax upon real estate is concerned, it
is not particularly exempted. But we exempt all
incomes from real estate less that $600. If there
