Mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
in bis suggestion. I will modify my amendment
by omitting the words proposed to be inserted in
the third line, and makc^the iirst amendment in
litte six, by putting in " five" instead of " three,"
and let the other amendments stand as modified.
;"The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin modifies his amendment, so as
to strike out, in line six, the word " three" and
insert44five," and in line twelve, after the word
" each," to insert " assessor and," and after the
word " assessor," in the same line, to strike out
(S two," and insert "five."
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. HARRIS. I will suggest whether two dol-
lars per day m lines three and four ought not to
struck out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; he must have
something.
Mr. HARRIS. Is it proposed to give the as-
sessor when he is engaged in the particular busi-
ness there specified only two dollars a day?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think he ought to have
three dollars.
,Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Wis-
consin had better modify it. As it now stands it
gives the assessor two dollars a day for part of
his work, and five dollars for a small quantity,
while itgives the assistant assessor five dollars in
all cases.
Mr. HOWE. My idea was, that that whole
clause had better be stricken out, and give the as-
sessor nothing for doing that kind of work, for
there is nothing of it to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a good deal to
be done. Of course, he has got to make ail the
preliminary arrangements himself.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue makes them. Stiil I do not object
to that modification, to insert three dollars instead
of two dollars
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator also to put it at three dollars for the assistant
assessors, and that will probably be considered
quite sufficient. If you put it at five dollars, in
addition to the dollar for every hundred names,
that will bring it too high altogether. Give the
assessor three dollais instead of two for making
the preliminary arrangements, and five forbearing
appeals.
Mr. HOWE. I would be perfectly willing to
take the sense of the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
amendment before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. If it is permissible to modify the
amendment I will do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. FEShENDEN. Move a reconsideration.
Mr. HOWE. If the amendment is adopted
and a reconsideration is necessary, I will movea
reconsideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive it as an independent amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Then I will move to strike out
" five,' in line twelve,as I suppose it now stands,
and insert " three." The wouls " assessor and,"
which have been inserted in that line, should also
be stricken out, and that should apply only to
assistant assessors.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
to now.
Mr. HOWE. But my amendment put in as-
sessors
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itshould read, ** to each
assistant assessor three dollars for every dav."
I will suggest to the Sepator also to modify'his
fiist amendment so as to make it three dollars per
day for (he assessor himself.
riie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconson now proposes, in line three, to
stiike outi( two," and insei t" t hree,'' and in line
twelve, after the word "assessor," to strike out
"two," and insert "three."
Mr. £001. Let the section be read as it now
stands
1 he Secietary read it, as follows:
enacfe'7, That there shall be
?e<£or"iv . 1 th° *evc,dl a*-
{-e.-.or>3 lor Ului services unrh-r this act to each
n~yi
revising valuations, ami making ouUUs agre08by
That is all it does apply
provisions of this act, and one dollar for every hundred
taxable persons contained in the .tax list, as delivered bv
him to said collectors, and forwarded to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; to each assistant assessor three dol-
lars for every day actually employed in collecting lists and
making valuations, the number of days necessary for that
purpose to be certified by the assessor and approved by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and one dollar for
every hundred taxable persons contained m the tax list, as
completed and delivered by him to the assessor, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill on
page 102, section seventy-four, by inserting after
the word " sale," at the end of line ten, the words
" when the number thus slaughtered exceeds
twenty in any one year;" so that the clause will
then read:
On all hogs, cxcocding six months old, slaughteied for
sale, when the number thus slaughtered exceed? twenty in
any one year, ten cents per head.
As the bill came to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives, it proposed to tax the owner of hogs,
exceeding six months old, when slaughtered for
sale, ten cunts per head. The^tax is a legitimate
tax -where they are slaughtered by butchers, or
where they are slaughtered by pork packers, which
is a distinct trade from that of butchers in some
sections of the country; but this provision would
apply to every farmer who has half a dozen hogs,
one of which he barters with his shoemaker, an-
other with his blacksmith, and thus pays his
neighborhood debts. It would cost.more to the
Government to assess it and collect it than the
tax would be worth, and I suppose it was not the
purpose cither of the House or tile committee to
reach such cases as those, but only those who
pursued this as a profession.
Mr. HOWE. Let me inquire of the Senator
from Iowa if the same qualification should not be
placed upon every other kind of stock mentioned
in this section ?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think it is necessary.
My purpose in the amendment is to save the farm-
ers, and save the necessity of going around to
every farm-house to see how many hogs they
may slaughter. Hardly any of them kill more
than one beef in a year, and 1 apprehend 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a p ■revision here
that they shall not be taxed when the cattle or
hogs are slaughteied for their own use.
Mr. GRIMES. I know that. Hardly any one
of them kill more than one beef; and hardly any
collector or assessor appointed on the recommend-
ation of a member of this body, or of the coordi-
nate branch of the Government, would pursue the
business of following up such slaughtered animals
as those. Very few of them kill sheep; but this
business of hog killing is a very common employ-
ment among faimers, and nearly all of them, es-
pecially in some sections of the country, sell a
few of them, or barter them away to their trades-
men. I offer the amendment for the purpose of
covering cases of that kind. I do not think there
is any necessity for extending it, although I should
bo content that it should apply to the other cases.
Mr. HOWE. In point of fact, sheep arc slaugh-
tered in New England very much as hogs are in
the West.
Mr. GRIMES. That was not the case when
I was in New England. "■
Mr. HOWE. A very similar use is made of
them; and calves are slaughtered in the same way
all over the country. Farmers kill a large por-
tion ot their calves rather than take them to the
butchers. However, I shall propose an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will it not be in order
to amend the amendment by moving to strike out
the whole of the sevrnty-fourth section?
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better do it
afterwaids. Let this amendment be disposed of
first. '
Mr. McDOUGALL. Well, I will simply re-
mark that if we make the amendment in the way
it is proposed, it will only transfer the slaughter-
ing from the legnlar slaughter-house to the farm-
house, and every farm-house would have a slaugh-
ter-house of its own. The whole section should
be stricken out. It is certainly an eye-sore to the
bill, and I shall move to sttike it out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say in refer-
ence to that, that the butchers came before us as
a body, a laige delegation from Now York, Phil-
adelphia, and Baltimore. They appeared as well
and rather better satisfied, I think, as a whole,
from what they said, than any other class of men
that came before us. They said they deemed the
tax a very proper one. They were desirous to
pay their share in,-carrying on their trade for the
support of the Government. They did not com-
plain of it at all, even as it was, if the committee
saw fit to keep it as it was. They wished to be
taxed on their trades in common with their fellow-
citizens; but they suggested it was too high in
some instances, and some alterations which they
suggested, particularly on killing calves, were
made to suit them,and they went away perfectly
satisfied, and approved it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is all very well.
They came down here to have an amendment
made. They wanted calves put in the bill. The
whole proposition is against small dealers, and ifi
favor of what they call large butchers. They can
afford to pay the tax, and it will drive out the
small men who deal in the article.
Mr. GRIMES. How so?
Mr. McDOUGALL. It does so because a
large business can afford to pay all these taxes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can get the tax out
of them, and the small dealers you cannot find
generally.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will no\v move to strike
out section seventy-four, as an independent meas-
ure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California proposes to strike out the follow-
ing section:
Sec. 74. Jind be it further enacted, That on and after the
lft day of July, 1862, tfieie bli.ill be levied, collected, and
paid !>y any person or persons, fiiins, companies, or agents
or employers thereof, the following duties or taxes, that is
to say: on all horned cattle exceeding eighteen months old,
slaughtered for &alc, thirty cents per head ; on all calves and
cattle under eighteen months old, live cent* por head; on
all hogs exceeding six months old, slaughtered for sale,
when tlie number thus slaughtered exceeds twenty in any
one year, ton conts per head ; on all sheep, slaughtered foi
sale, five cents per head .* Provided, That all cattle, hogs,
and sheep slaughtered by any pei-son for his or her own
consumption, shall be exempt fiom duty.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Tins is a tax upon an
articlc of provision used by the poor and the rich,
and used by them about equally for subsistence.
There is a capitation tax made on this subject, so
much per head for every sheep and every lamb,
every cow and every calf, slaughtered; and who
will have to pay u? The poor woman who keeps
perhaps a boarder or two, or who has a little family
to support, will pay just as much as the man who
lives in the first place in the city of New York or
Philadelphia. It is a tax that has no justice m it.
It is not important to the strength of the bill as a
measure of taxation, and will be exceedingly
offensive. Every woman who sends her boy to
market to buy a quarter of mutton or beef will
understand she has to pay so much a pound on it
as a tax to the Government It is one of the most
offensive taxes that couV be suggested; and I
think it hardly becomes Government to make
a tax of this kind that wil particularly reach the
poor.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Senator from
Maine will let this bill lie in committee until morn-
ing. When he gets through his amendments, I
want to offer mine. I think we might adjourn
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How long shall we work
on tins bill?
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Until the end of the year,
if we keep on this way.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to move my amend-
ment, but not now.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent to ad-
journ at this hour of the day at this stage of the
session.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wanted to make some fur-
ther provisions, but I will go on with what I have
to say, if the chairman desires it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can move
his amendments as well in the Senate after the
bill has been reported to the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. J would rather have the
chance of moving them in committee, if it is agree-
able to the chairman.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I certainly have no objec-
tion to that; but I cannot consent to adjourn for
the sake of allowing the Senator to go on.
