1861.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
making just compensation; and provision should
be made to resort to this power when fair arrange-
ments cannot be made by way of contract. This
would enable the Department to deal with the
companies on equal teims.
Change of Contracts for Disloyalty.
Soon after the commencement of my term of
office the country felt the shock of internecine
arms. In view of the great cri me attempted against
the existence of the nation, it became the duty of
this, in common with the other Departments of
the Government, to put forth all its energies to
prevent the consummation of that crime. By the
existing laws all postmasters and mail-carriers,
and all other persons engaged in handling the
mails of the United States, or in clerical service,
were required to take the usual oath of allegiance
to this Government, as well as for the faithful per-
formance of their duties. Whenever it was made
apparent by their declarations, or by their con-
duct, that there was a practical repudiation of the
obligation of this oath, whether the party was a
postmaster or a postal contractor, I ordered a re-
moval from office in the one case and the depriva-
tion of contract in the other. Not only was it
unsafe to intrust the transportation of the mails to
a person who refused or failed to recognize the
sanctions of an oath, but to continue payment of
public money to the enemies of the Government
and their allies, was to give direct aid and com-
fort to treason in arms. I could not thus permit
this branch of Government to contribute to its
own overthrow. No other course could have
reasonably been expected by such contractors.
The bona fide observance of that oath, and the duty
of allegiance itself, entered into and becamcacon-
dition, a part of the consideration, of the contract
itself. Tins failing, the Department was equitably
and legally discharged from its literal obligations.
Protection on the part of Government, and allegi-
ance on the part of the citizen, are correlative, and
are conditions mutually dependent m every con-
tract, and tlie highest public interest demanded
the rigid enforcement of this rule of action. Oc-
casional local and transientinconvunience resulted
of necessity, but far less than would reasonably
have been expected. Loyal men, everywhere,
sustained this action, and speedily furnished the
requisite means for continuing the service vfrithout
increased expense. These changes were mainly
called for in parts of Virginia and Maryland, and
in Kentucky and Missouri.
In the same, and in neighboring districts, the
duties of the appointment office have been very
onerous, fiom the great number of changes re-
quired in post offices, according to changing phases
of public sentiment, individual action, and mili-
tary occupancy. It is believed that these posi-
tions, with rare exceptions, are now held by men
of unquestioned loyalty- Where such men could
not be found, the offices have been discontinued
rather than they should be held by repudiators of
public faith, and used for purposes hostile to the
perpetuity of our national institutions.
Disloyal Publications Excluded from the Jtfails.
This Department was also called upon to act
uponanother question, alike novel and important.
Various newspapers, having more or less influ-
ence within the sphere of their circulation, were
represented to be, and were, in fact, devoting their
columns to the furtherance of the schemes of our
national enemies. These efforts were persistently
directed to the advancement of hostile interests,
to thwart the efforts made to preserve the integ-
rity of the Union, and to accomplish the results
of open treason without incurring its judicial pen-
alties. To await the results of slow judicial pros-
ecution was to allow crime to be consummated,
with the expectation of subsequent punishment,
instead of preventing its accomplishment by
prompt and direct interference.
The freedom of the press is secured by a high
constitutional sanction. But it is freedom and not
license that is guarantied. It is to be used only
for lawful purposes. It cannot aim blows at the
existence of the Government, the Constitution,
and the Union, and at the same time claim its
protection. As well could the assassin strike his
blow at human life, at the same time claiming that
his victim should not commit a breach of the
peace by a counter blow. While, therefore, this
Department neither enjoyed nor claimed the power
to suppress such treasonable publications, but left
them free to publish what they pleased, it could
not be called upon to give them circulation. It
could not and would not interfere with the free-
dom secured by law, but it could and did obstruct
the dissemination of that liccnsc which was with-
out the pale of the Constitution and law. The
mails established by the United States Govern-
ment could not, upon any known principle of law
or public right, be used for its destruction. As
well could the common carrier be legally required
to transport a machine designed for the destruc-
tion of the vehicle conveying it, or an innkeeper be
compelled to entertain a traveler whom he knew
to be intending to commit a robbery m his house.
I find these views supported by the high author-
ity of the late Justice Story, of the Supreme
Court of the United States. He says, in com-
menting on that clauso of the Constitution secur-
ing the freedom of the press:
" That this amendment was intended to secure to evory
citizen an absolute light to spealc or write or print whatso-
ever lie migiit please, without any rospoiiMbihtv, public oi
private tlioieior, N a supposition too wild tobo indulged m
by any lanonal man. Tins would be toallow to rvetv cit-
izen the light to destroy at his pleasuie the roptintion, tho
peace, the property, and even the personal safety, of every
otliercitizen. Aman might,outof mete mahccoi revenge,
accuse anottii'i of the most infamous crime*; might excite
against linn the indignation of all his fellow-citizens bj the
most atrocious calumnies ; might distuib, nay, ov<Mtnin all
his domestic peace, and embitter ins parental auctions;
might inflict the mo^t distressing pum-hments upon the
weak, the tunul, and the innocent; might picjtidiee all a
man's civil and political and pnvate 1 ighrs: and might ^tn
up sedition, rebellion, and treason, even ngain->t llw (>ov-
, eminent itself, in fhe wantonness of Ins passions, oi the
I eon uption of hi-, heat t Civil society could not go on under
! such cueumstanees. Men would then he obliged to lesoit
to private vengeance to make up the deficienc\ of the law ;
| and a.-^a-Mnnlion^ and savage (itH:Itie , would !>«• peipe-
trated With all the fiequeney belonging to baibaious and
ciuel communities. It i-- plain, then, that the language of
this amendment impoits no moie than lhat eveiy man has
a right to speak, wiite, and punt In* opinion* upon any
subject whatovei, without any pnor lesiraint, so always
that he docs nor injine any othei person m his rights, p-i
son, property, ot ieputati<>n ; <m<! s-o abuujs that he docs not
thereby distmb the public peace, or attempt to subvert the
Government
Of the eases presented for my action, upon the
principlesabove named,! have,byorder,excluded
from the mails twelve of these treasonable publi-
cations, of which several had been previously pre-
sented by the grand jury as incendiary and hostile
to constitutional authority.
I have the honor to be,&c., &c., your obedient
servant,
M. BLAIR,
Postmaster General.
The President of the United States.
Report of ! Sxc Secretary of tilc Interior.
Department of the Interior,
November 30, 18G1 •
Sir: The report of the operations of this De-
partment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1SG1, will exhibit a diminished amount of busi-
ness m some of the most important bureaus con-
nected with the Department. This is attributable
mainly to the insuirection winch has suddenly
precipitated the country into a civil %var.
general land office.
The decline of business has very sensibly af-
j fected the operations of the General Land Office.
i1 Official inteicouise has been entirely suspended
with all the southern States which contain any
11 large portion of the public lands, and consequently
![ no sales have been made in any of those States.
|j In all the northern States in which any of the
j! public lands are situated the war has almost cn-
' tirely suspended sales. The demand for volun-
: teers has called into the ranks of the Army a large
number of that portion of our people whose energy
j and enterprise in time of peace incline them to
; emigrate to the West and settle upon the public
! lands, thus laying the foundations of future pros-
perous communities and States. Besides, the or-
dinary channels of trade and commerce have been
so obstructed by the war that the sources of in-
come, from which the settlers on the public lands
have realized the means of purchasing, have been
greatly diminished.
Oil the 30th September, 1861, there wore
55,555,505.25 acres of the public lands which had
been surveyed but not proclaimed for public sale.
The lands surveyed and offered at public sale
previous to that time, and then subject to private
entry, amounted to 78,60:2,735.64 acres, making
an aggregate of public lands surveyed and ready
for sale of 134,218,330.89 acres.
Since the last annual report of this Department
no proclamation for a public sale of lands has
been made, as the quantity already subject to
private entry is more than sufficient to meet the
wants of the country. During the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1861, ami the first quarter of
the cui rent year, ending 30th September, 1861,
5,289,532.31 acres have been disposed of. Of this
amount 1,021,403.77 acres have been certified to
the States of Minnesota, Michigan, and Louis-
iana, under railroad grants made by Congress;
006,094.47 acres have been certified to States as
swamp lauds; 2,153,040 acres have been located
with bounty land warrants, and 1,508,004.07acres
have been sold for cash, producing $925,299 42.
It will be seen from this statement that the pub-
lic lands have ceased, substantially,for the present
at least, to be a source of revenue to the Govern-
ment. The liberal manner in which the acts of
Congress, granting swamp and overflowed lands
to the States, have been construed and executed,
the grants of large quantities to aid in the con-
struction of railroads, and the quantity required
to locate bounty land warrants for military ser-
vices, have combined to reduce the cash sales to
an amount but little more than sufficient to meet
the expenses of our land system. The net in-
come from sales duiing the last fiscal year will
hardly reach the sum of §,'200,000. During the
last fiscal year there wete certified to the States
for railroad construction, under the several acts
of Congress making grants for such purposes:
to Minnesota, 308,871.90 acres; to Michigan,
■ 636,061.42 acres; and to Louisiana, 76,560.45
acres. The whole amount certified to all the
States, under such grants, is 9,993,497.77 acres.
The grants of swamp and overflowed lauds to
the States have absorbed a large amount of valu-
able lands, and have caused a heavy drain upon
the Treasury. The claims of the several States
cover an aggregate of 57,895,577.40 acres.
The United States have also paid to the States,
in cash, under the indemnity act of March 2,
1855, on account of lands claimed as swamp lands,
and which were sold by the United States sub-
sequent to the date of the grant, $276,126 50.
Certificates have been issued for location upon
any of the public lands subject to entry, to in-
demnify the States for lands claimed as swamp
lands, but which have been located by bounty
laud warrants after the date of the grant, amount-
ing to 145,595.92 acres. Additional claims are
pending, yet undecided, for cash, $142,435, and
for lands, 301,429 acres.
The bounty land warrants and scrip issued
under different acts of Congress, previous to
September 30, 1861, embrace an aggregate of
71,717,172 acres of land. Of this amount, there
have been located; for revolutionary services,
8,200,612 acres; for services in the war with
Great Britain, 4,850,120 acres; for Canadian vol-
unteers, 72,750acres; for services m the Mexican
war and other services, under acts of 1S47, 1850,
1852, and 1855, in all 51,138,970 acres', leaving
yet to be located on wairants and scrip, aheady
issued, 7,454,720 acres.
Unless Congress shall authorize the issue of ad-
ditional warrants, this drain upon the public lands
will soon cease.
The propriety of issuing bounty land warrants
to the vohmteois who have been called into ser-
vice to suppress the existing insurrection, is al-
ready a subject of discussion, and must be detei ru-
ined by Congress. A warrant for one hundred
and sixty acies to each volunteer engaged jn the
service would absoib over one hundred million
acre?, a much larger amount than has been issued
under all previous laws. It is evident that the
issue of such an amount of warrants wouludesh oy
all hope of deriving any revenue from the public
lands -at least for many years. And while such
