1862.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
2491
Mr. SIMMONS. I will say to the chairman
of the committee that I want to make some alter-
ations in the bill as it now stands, to make room
, for my substitute for a portion of the bill. I de-
sire to make some amendments to enable me to
put all the duties we propose in this tax bill in one
section; and then, if my amendment does not pre-
vail, 1 will move to reconsider, and put them back
again just as they are now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator can
reach his point by moving that part of his amend-
ment which consists in striking out the main part
of the bill from one portion to another. If the
Senate negative that, he will see what is to be the
fate of his other proposition.
Mr, SIMMONS. I do not think I can see it
to-night, by the looks of the benches. There is
not a quorum here. Of course, I wish to consult
the wishes of the chairman. I will tell him what
I want to do, if he has no objection. In the sixth
line of the forty-second section, I want to strike
out the words "the duty of twenty cents," and
insert the words "the duty provided in section
sixty-five uf this act," so that all the duties may
go into one section. They are scattered now all
along through the bill. They are to be found in
twenty or twenty-five sections, and it would be
better to have them in one section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is " section sixty-
five of this act?"
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the section I pro-
pose, if it should prevail. Is there any objection
to that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; because you
will get everything in confusion.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I will not propose it.
1 propose to strike out from section sixty-four to
section one hundred and eight inclusive, except
section sixty-two, which relates to auction sales,
and section eighty-six, that relates to passpoits.
We can change the numbers of those sections to
correspond when the bill is amended. That strikes
out all these great taxes upon so many articles.
Some of them we have already stricken out, but
I have concluded to strike them all out at once,
and to insert this income tax, which, I believe,
received the unanimous vote of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All that got the unani-
mous vote of the committee, I think, is in the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, 1 desire tomsertsome
things that are not in the bill which I think the
Senator from Maine will agree are proper to be
theie.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 did not see anything
else. 1 examined it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Perhaps I may be a little
more fannliarwith that pai tof the old income law
than the Senator from Maine. I drew it up under
his direction one morning before breakfast. The
bill us it stands does not contain the provision
which, he will recollect, we putin to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to select a deposit-
ory in each State for this money. He wrote us
a letter which the Senator will recollect, saying it
would be very convenient to select such a depos-
itory and have them pay out the money on inter-
est in each State. I suppose that did not escape
the Senator's attention.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That remains there now.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; it is repealed by this
bill. The whole of those three sections will be
lopealed by this bill.
The Senator soys that whenever I get up to pro-
pose my amendment, I am going to tear this bill
all to pieces, and will have to make the whole
framewoik over again. He will find a good deal
of it is taken out in order to do what he intended
to do, as well as myself. That is a very import-
ant provision in regard to the income law. 1 sup-
pose the Senator does not want to lose it. I rec-
ollect distinctly that the Secretary wrote to the
Senator from Maine, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, that he was very anxious to have
it go on for the convenience of the public, so that
a man in the State of Rhode Island or Connecti-
cut, instead of going to Boston or New \ork to
get his six months5 interest, could got it m his own
♦State. I tiiuiI-c it is very important.
I havo got this income tax in my proposition.
I think.1 shall get the consent of the Senator to
take the income tax I propose, instead of the pro-
vision in the bill as it was drawn and came to us
fiom the 11 ouse of Representatives. The Senator
said the other day that if the amendment that I
propose should succeed, the whole framework of
the bill would have to be drawn over. I was ut-
terly surprised that he should say so. I will try
to convince him,as well as the Senate, that there
is not the slightest foundation for that apprehen-
sion. For instance, take this income tax. All that
1 do more than he has done, is to retain these de-
positories, which I believe he would want to re-
tain as well as myself, forthe convenience of those
who loan the Government money. If a man m
Iowa should loan the Government money, he does
not want to go down to St. Louis to get the inter-
est. I want to show the Senator from Maine and
the Senate that there will be no necessity for alter-
ing one word or one syllable of this whole ma-
chinery, if we insert my proposition there instead
of those that arc there now. I know he agrees
with me that the income tax I propose is better.
It is hard work to make him own up sometimes,
but he is so good-natured to-day that I think he
will.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will state to the
Senator, very good-naturedly, that I do not agree
to any such thing.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I shall have to carry
it out, if I can, against his wishes. That is the
income tax, and that will not alter the machinery
of the bill. The whisky tax is already in there,
and I propose to change it from twenty to thirty
cents. That will not change the machinery of the
bill, because it is already in the bill. Then there
is the beer tax; I propose to make it higher. We
agreed unanimously once to putitat what I have
put it, two dollars, and then we put it back. That
will not change the machinery. Then, in regard
to the tax on rectified spirits, the bill, as it comes
from the House of Representatives, has got a tax
of fifteen and thirty cents. I propose to putitat
ten cents. The reason why I propose to lower it
is that every man who was before the committee
said if we kept it as high as it was in the bill, per-
sons would rectify in their cellars and we should
not get any revenue, but they told me if we putit
as low as ten cents, the big rectifiers will continue
the business, and we shall be able to obtain that
amount. That will not alter the machinery of the
bill, because it is already there. Then, as to to-
bacco, snuff, &c., I put the tax on them exactly
as it stands in the bill now. That will not alter
the machinery.
Then there arc the licenses. They are the same
in both bills. I think the licenses are wrong; but
as I said the other day when I was up, whenever
there was not a very glaring impiopnety I wanted
the bill to stand as it camefrom the House of Rep-
resentatives. I want to satisfy them that we do
not alter the biii unless we think theie is an in-
dispensable necessity for altering it. Therefore,
as licenses are in both bills alike, in the bill that
came from the House and in my proposition, I
cannot think that will change the machinery. I
put the duty on sugar the same as it is in the bill
as it came to us from the House. That will not
alter the machinery. But I propose a duty of half
a cent a pound on cotton, instead of none at all,
as we have got it now. That will not alter the
machinery. I do not intend to have any draw-
back on the cotton when it is exported. In the
House bill, which I think was a very great mis-
take, we taxed what we used, and let that winch
foreigners used go free of tax. I propose that
the cotton manufacturers of New England shall
pay the same tax on what they use as everybody
else. The Senator from Ohio says that I want
to get rid of all taxes on manufactures. That
will be a tax of about two millions on the manu-
facturers of New England or of the United States.
Then there l&a tax of half a cent on nee; and
that is the whole of it. That will not alter the
machinery.
I should like to know, then, why the Senator
said if my amendment should prevail that the
whole bill must be drawn over again. There will
be no necessity for alteiing a word of it, unless it
needs to be altered now; so that I think that dis-
poses of that part of the objection. I do not want
to put any labor upon the chairman of the com-
mittee.
I said the other day that if this infliction was
put upon the country, it would be because the
Senate would be made to believe, or would believe,
that this bill was reported fiom the majority of the
Committee on Finance, and I know the fact that
five out of the seven members ot the committee
were against it. But the chairman had been la-
boring a great deal, and had got impatient. Every*
body was writing to him, and he wanted to report.
I did not expect he would claim any more than
that we had authorized htm to report it, and that
we would have a fair chance in the Senate, and
not be weighed down by the power of the com-
mittee.
k Mr. DAVIS. Why did you notreportanother
Mr. SIMMONS. Because we thought it better
to go on in that way. I wanted to accommodate
the views of those who had done a great deal of
work on the bill, though I believe I have worked
as long as somebody else. I was appointed to
examine into it in March, I think, and I believe
the bill did not get to us until the latter part of
April.
The Senator from Ohio said the other day,and
he has repeated it to-day, in substance, that I was
for taking the tax off the manufacturers of New
England and putting it on the distillers, or the corn,
as he said, of the West. Well, I have heard of
people getting corned by drinking whisky, but I
never beforo heard that a tax on whisky was a
tax on corn. [Laughter.] I handed to a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House, at his request, a list of the articles now
exempt from duty that are used by the manufac-
turers, embracing an importation of $55,000,000,
and told him I would recommend him to tax them
ten per cent., which would be $5,500,000; that in
such times as these the manufacturers must put
their shoulders to the wheel as well as anybody
else. I could not offer it here. 1 suspect he has
got it pretty much all in the new tariff bill. I went
to sec him two or three nights ago. He did not
get quite as much as I would in, and I made a
speech to him about as long as the one I am mak-
ing now to get him to put more on. There are
$2,000,000 on cotton and ^5,500,000 from the
source I have just mentioned, making $7,500,000
that the manufacturers will have to pay.
Mr. GRIMES. How much will the whisky
tax for the first six months be?
Mr. SIMMONS. I cannot tell, but I propose
now to leave it as it is in the bill for six months,
and then put it at thirty cents. The Senator
from Ohio seems to have studied this matter, and
thinks it much better to raise it gradually. I
think it would be better to put the thuty cents
right on; but I defer to his wishes, because he
repiescnts the interest more than I do. Ho said
that I must recollect the eastern manufacturers
were protected already. I shoukl like to ask him
who imported the bill that did protect them. I
think it carnc from the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives, and he
was chairman of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Morrill reported it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know that, but I recollect
seeing your name at the head of the committee,
and it had your sanction.
Mr. SHERMAN. As chairman of the com-
mittee, I took charge of the machinery of it, but
did not report it, although I voted for it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I knew it came from the
committee of which the Senator from Ohio was
chairman, and we generally look to them for
great examples. Now, sir, what was put on the
competing article of his great State in that bill?
He says the bill was made for the eastern manu-
facturers. 1 have never known a tariff bill pass
since I have been in the Senate that did not put
on four times as much to protect whisky and
the manufacturers of whisky as it did on any
other manufacture. It is so now, and he ought
to know it. The tax is now forty cents a gallon
on this very liquor coming from abroad by the
bill he reported, or reported by somebody from
his committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does my fnend say that
that duty was put on for the purpose of protect-
ing whisky?
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know what it was
put on for. I am talking about what it does; and
there is a larger tax put on liquor ever since lean
remember than anything else.
Mr. SHERMAN. That tax was purely for
revenue. As a matter of course, no country in
she world can compete with us in making whisky.
The corn is cheaper heie.
Mr. GRIMES. Theie is no whisky made of
corn anywhere else.
