THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
,able,U> pay it. Hence, X think there is more jus-
"iice in .taxing them. But it will be observed that
in the provision which we have made, we have
taxed those who hold United States bonds aj^out
halfof'three per cent.; that is, one and a half per
cent. We have already made that distinction as
a further inducement for capitalists to invest in
UnUed States loans. I think that is as far as we
'ojirfi to go. .
' The amendment was rejected.
: Mi'( LOVEJOY. I want to move to insert at
the end of the third line a provision that the tax
shall be assessed on the net.profits only.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am disposed to raise a
question of order .upon that amendment. It has
-been virtually disposed of in an amendment al-
ready offered, embracing not only the same idea,
but substantially the same language.
The CHAIRMAN. Which amendment cov-
ered the same ground ?
Mr. HICKMAN. The one offered by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. White.]
' The CHAIRMAN. _ If the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois relates to agriculture
alone, then it is clearly out of order, as the gen-
tleman from Indiana has offered precisely the
same thing. But if it has a broader scope than
agriculture, it is in order.
Mr. HICKMAN. As I understand the amend-
ment, and os I think the gentleman from Illinois
intends it, it applies to agriculture only.
Mr. CHAIRMAN. Then it is out of order.
The gentleman will reduce the amendment to
writing, and the Chair will then decide the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Ihavedoneso. Itis-toadd,
in the third line, after the words " per cent.," the
words " the net only of such gains, profits, or in-
comes shall be estimated."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and regards the amendment as
being in order, as it qualifies the entire section,
and does not relate to agriculture alone.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not care to discuss the
amendmcut, as it has been already discussed. If
the section means what the Committee of Ways
and Means say it does, why not make it explicit?
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimont. The words
" gains, profits, and income" have a definite
meaning. They are clearly understood. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois should
prevail, of course persons might deduct, as a por-
tion of their proper expenditures their personal or
family expenses. Now, we do not propose to go
as far as that. Take a person who has money to
lend: he may be owing $30,000and have. $50,000
due him, and he would, of course, only be taxed
upon the balance of his income. I do not see any
necessity at all for inserting, a definition of the
words "gains, profits,.or income."
Mr. LOVEJOY. All I have to say is, that
some of the bestlawyers in the House understand
income to be the gross income.
Tellers were ordered on Mr. Eovejoy's amend-
ment; and Messrs. Calvert and Hickman were
appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 37, noes 36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 move to in-
sert, after what has just been adopted, the woids
" but this shall not apply to personal or family
expenses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to insert,
also, the words, " nor to interest on the value of
land."
Mr. MALLORY. lam surprised at that prop-
osition from the gentleman from Vermont. He
stated distinctly in response to an inquiry that he
regarded this tax as levied on the net income from
real estate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do now.
Mr. MALLOR.Y. Now, if what he means by
income is not the income that the owner of an es-
tate derives from it, after deducting the taxes and
the interest upon the value of that real estate, and,
if a farm, the interest upon the cost of labor em-
ployed in working that farm and the agricultural
implements used, i do not know what he means
by net income. I concur with him in the opinion
that in estimating the net income you are not to
deduct the expenses of the family maintained by
the estate or farm; but the whole thing is reduced
to an absurdity if the gentleman, after conceding
what he has done, insists on inserting that amend-
ment in this paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I see no absurd-
ity in it at all. I merely desire that the amend-
mentshall be adopted,so that they shall not deduct
interest on the cost of the land.
Mr. FISHER. ■ I desire to ask the gentleman
whether, in using the word interest, he means the
interest which a man owes on the purchase money
of his farm—whether that is not to be deducted
from the net profits.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A great many
persons may owe debts, some on their farms and
some on other things. We do not deduct any
debts.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I understand
the gentleman from Vermont now to say that in
ascertaining the net income, he proposes not to
deduct the interest that a man who owns real es-
tate may have to pay upon a debt due by him for
the purchase of that real estate. I had supposed
the thing was very different when the gentleman
stated what he did in rising. Take the case of a
man who owns landed estate worth $10,000. The
interest on that, at six per cent., would be $G00. In
ascertaining his net income, if the gross proceeds
of the sales of his farm amount to §12,000, you
deduct $G00 from that income first, and then, if
labor employed is worth $3,000, you doduct$180
from the six per cent, on the gross income re-
ceived,and after then deducting $600, you tax the
balance. 1 understand that to be his meaning, and
that will bo the meaning of the section if this amend-
ment is inserted.
Mr. HICKMAN. The argument of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is an argument against
most of the features of this bill, certainly against
the mam feature of the bill. It is not contempla-
ted, as I understand, that the indebtedness of a
man shall enter at all, as a general thing, into or
modify his taxation. Take, for instance, the item
of pianos, or silver plate, or watches, although I
may owe the whole amount of the price of my
piano, or plate, or watch, I am not relieved from
taxation upon the piano, plate, or watch, because
I may have incurred a debt in the purchase of it.
There is no more reason, I apprehend, why the
farmer shall be lelieved from taxation on the
amount of his indebtedness for land than why 1
should be relieved from my taxation on account,
of indebtedness for my personal effects; and if that
shall lie taken into account in all cases, you will
find that you will reduce your taxation so very
materially that you will have to recast your bill.
If a man chooses to go in debt to the amount of
half the value of his farm, that is a matter of pro-
priety for him to consider; but it is not a matter
which should induce the Government to relieve
him from taxation, and you make the taxation im-
practicable when you come to take all these things
into account. For that reason as well as others,
I objected to ihe proviso relating to net profits. It
enables a man to avoid taxation entirely. It is'
holdingoutan inducement for him to misrepresent
the actual condition of his affairs, and that will be
the effect of this hill as it now stands.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky to withdraw hisamendment,
! ill order that I may offer one.
! Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw it.
j Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. We, m this part of
' the House, are rather inclined to favor the propo-
; sition of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
!; kill;] but in older that the same restriction may
i be extended to all other incomes us well as the
I' incomes of farmers, I move to add to his amend-
ji ment the words " or other productive capital out
I of which such income proceeds." I hope the gen-
ii tleman from Vermont will accept that.
|| The question being on Mr. White's amend-
■] ment, tellers were ordered; and Messrs. White,
!! of Indiana, and Lehman were appointed.
P Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I would be per-
fectly willing to withdraw my amendment, but
it would be unjust to the farmers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 4fi, noes 50.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred "on Mr. Morrill's
; amendment, to exclude interest on the value of
land; and it was adopted.
Mr. DIVEN. Is it in order to move to strike
out the whole section ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. DIVEN. Then I make that motion; and
I desire to say that I think it would be wisdom to
strike out the entire section. Every interest in
the country is now taxed; the mechanic is taxed;
the shopkeeper is taxed; the farmer is taxed; the
professional man is taxed; everybody is taxed;
everything that is produced by mechanical inge-
nuity is taxed; every implement is taxed. And
now it is proposed to impose a tax on whatever
theindustry ofthecountry mayyield. Take, for
instance, the agricultural interest of the country.
As the section now stands, the produce of the
farm is taxed.
It is said that the wages paid to the hired la-
borer is to be deducted in calculating the income;
but let it be borne in mind that almost the entire
agriculture of the country is carried on by the
farmer and his sons—by his own family. The
agricultural labor performed by hired men is al-
most nothing as compared with the entire agri-
cultural labor of the country. The man on his
fifty acres or on his one hundred acres tills and
cultivates his farm with lus own hands, aided by
his sons in their minority, and who get nothing
for their services but their board and clothes.
This man is taxed for the entire income of his
farm; while the gentleman farmer who oversees
his hired men on his broad acres, deducts their
wages from the amount of his income.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I would call the attention
of the gentleman from New York to the fact that
the section now under consideration is not the one
imposing income duties, but directing how the in-
come tax is to be assessed.
Mr. DIVEN. I understood that we were con-
sidering a section which proposed a tax on the
income of every man m tile land.
The CHAIRMAN. It is a section in reference
to the income tax, but it is the preceding section
that imposes the income tax.
Mr. DIVEN. Then I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask that the eighty-fifth sec-
tion be read as it now stands.
The section was read, as follows:
Sec. 85. Jliulhcit further enacted. That In estimating said
animal gam*, ptofits,or income, whether subject to a fluty,
as piovided in tills act, ol'tluee pel cent , oi ul five pel cent,,
the net only of gams. piolit-, or incomes. shall be estimated,
(but pel son,il 01 i.tmii v expciws and niteiest on tiie value
ot laud shall not he deducted in estimating such net gains,
piorit--, oi income-,) and ail other national. State, and local
laves, lawfully assessed upon the propel ty or oilier sources
ol income, as   aid, fium which said annual gains,
piofir-, or income is or should be deuved shall be first de-
ducted hom the gains, piolits, or income of the person or
pei sons whn actually pay the same, whether owner or ten-
ant ; and all gains, profits, or income del ived from salaries
of officer, 01 payment to poisons- in tile civil, military,
naval, or osher service of the United States, including Sen-
ators and jMemheisof Congress, or derived from interest or
dividends on stock, capital, or deposits in any bank, tiust
company, or savings institution, insurance, ga , budge, ex-
pi ess, tcicgiaph company, or coipoiation, or on any bonds,
oi other evidences of indebtedness of any lailroad company
or coi poiatlon, winch shall have been assessed and paid by
said banks,ti ust companies, savings institutions, insuiance,
gas, bridge, telegraph, express, orraihoad companies, as
aforesaid, oi doiived lioni advertisements or any articles
manulacluied upon which specific or ail valorem duties shall
have been dnectlv assessed or paid, shall also be deducted ;
and the duty hcicin provided for shall lie assessed and col-
lected upon the income for the year ending the 31st day of
Dccciubci next pioccditig the tune for levying and collect-
ing said duty, tiiar is to say, on the 1st day of May, 1863,
and in each year thereafter: Ptovtiled, That upon such por-
tion ol said gains, profits, or income, whether subject to a
dutvas piovnied in tins net of three pet cent, or ol live per
cent., which shall be deuved fiom interest upon notes,
bonds, or other securities of the United States, thcie shall
be levied, collected, and paid a duty not exceeding one and
one half of one per cent,, anything m this act to the con-
tiary notwithstanding.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the committee whether the amendment adopted
at the end of the third line, on the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] should
not be placed at the end of the section as a proviso.
The language would be a good deal better.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the amendment had
better stand us it is. It is jargon und nonsense.
When the bill comes into tiie House I will move
to strike it out.
Mr. DIVEN. If it is in order now, I would
like to move to strike out this section, and to sub-
stitute for it a provision, that by income is only
meant the income derived from money invested
in bonds, mortgages, or other investments yield-
ing interest or annual income.
