12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
3fan Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
a measure would deprive the Government of all
income from this source, it would afford but little
benefit to the volunteers. These warrants are
now sold in the market at about fifty cents per
acre. An addition of the large amount necessary
to supply the volunteers would necessarily reduce
the price of them to a merely nominal sum.
The bounty of the Government, dispensed to
the volunteers in this form, would fail to realize
to them the advantages intended. All the best
lands would fall into the hands of speculators,
who would be enabled to purchase them ata nom-
inal price, and sell them to settlers at full prices
as fast as emigration to the West would require
them for settlement. If additional compensation
to the volunteers, beyond the amount now author-
ized by law, shall be deemed just and proper, it
will be better both for the Government and the
volunteers to make such compensation by a direct
appropriation of money, or of Government secu-
rities. This would give them the full benefit of
the appropriations made, while the Government
would, by keeping the lands until they shall be
demanded for settlement, realize their full value.
The expenses of surveying private land claims
in the territory acquired from Mexico, based upon
grants of the Mexican Government, have hereto-
fore been paid by the United States. These sur-
veys have cost the Government large sums. The
cost of surveying one claim amounted to $2,200;
another cost the Government $1,40(1. The aggre-
gate cost of surveying them has taken from the
Treasury a large amount of the public funds.
No valid reason exists, in my judgment, for tax-
ing the Government with the'eost of these sur-
veys. There is no obligation resting upon the
United States to nseeitain and define the bounda-
ries of giants made by Mexico to individuals
previous to the cession of the territory. The
claimant realizes all the benefit, and should be
charged with the expenses of defining the bound-
ary of his claim. The surveys should be made
under the authority of the United States; but the
cost of the survey should be paid by the claim-
ants, and patents for the land should he withheld
until the expenses of the survey are paid.
The valuable and extensive mineral lands owned
by the Government in California and New Mex-
ico have hitherto produced no revenue. All who
chose to do so have been permitted to work them
without limitation. It is believed that no other
Government, owning valuable mineral lands, has
ever refused to avail itself of the opportunity of
deriving a revenue from the privilege of mining
such lands. They are the property'of the whole
people, and it wouId be obviously just and proper
to lequirc those who reap the advantages of
mining them to pay a reasonable amount as a
consideration for the advantages enjoyed.
The teiI'iton'a! governments of Colorado, Da-
kotah, and Ncvadahavebeen successfully organ-
ized since the adjournment of the last Congress.
The surveys of'the public lands in those Terri-
tories have already been commenced, nnd thelands
are now open for settlement. The productiveness
of the soil and the mineial wealth of those Ter-
ritories, with the advantages of legally organized
governments, will doubtless invite a large immi-
gration to them lis soon as the termination of the
war shall lestore to civil employments that por-
tion of our people now under arms.
Congress, by an act passed May 2G, I860, au-
thorized the appointment by the President "of
a suitable person or persons''who should, in con-
junction with persons to be appointed on behalf
of the State of California, "run and mark the
boundary lines between the Territories of the
United States and the State of California." Fifty-
five thousand dollars was appropriated for the
performance of the work. Sylvester Mowry was
appointed a commissioner 011 the part of the Uni-
ted States, and the sum of §37,551 19 was placed
at his disposal for the prosecution of the work.
Very soon after taking charge of the Depart-
ment, I ascertained that the whole sum which had
been placed in the handsof the commissioner had
been disposed of by him, and a large amount of
drafts for additional sums had been drawn upon
the Department, while no progresshad beenmade
in the work beyond the fixing of one of three ini-
tial points, viz: the intersection of the thirty-fifth
parallel of north latitude with the Colorado river.
The whole appropriation had been squandered,
while the work had been only commenced. Un-
der these circumstances, I deemed it to be my
duty to arrest the creation of further claims against
the Government without authority of law, and
accordingly directed the suspension of the work,
and a discontinuance of the service of the com-
missioner. It is believed that the whole work
might have been completed for the sum appro-
priated by Congress; but while only a small part
of the work has been accomplished, the claims
presented amount to nearly $30,000 beyond the
appropriation. It remains for Congress to de-
termine whether further appropriations shall be
made for the continuance of the work.
The running of the boundary line between the
Territories of the United States and the State of
Texas, authorizedby the act of Congressofjune
5, 1858, has been completed in the field, and the
office details will in a short time be finished. For
this work $80,000 was appropriated. Of this sum
$73,250 81 had been expended on the 30th of Sep-
tember, l'SGl, leaving an unexpended balance of
$6,749 19. This balance is estimated to be suffi-
cient for the completion of the entire work.
For more detailed information in regard to the
operations of the General Land Office, reference
is made to the able and elaborate report of the
Commissioner.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Our Indian affairs are in a very unsettled and
unsatisfactory condition.
The spirit of rebellion against the authority of
the Government, which has precipitated a large
number of States into open revolt, has been in-
stilled into a portion of the Indian tribes by emis-
saries from the insurrectionary States.
The large tribes of Cherokees, Chickasaws,
and Choctaws, situated in the southern snperin-
tendency, have suspended all intercourse with the
agents of the United States.
The superintendent and agents appointed since
the 4th ot March last, have been unable to reach
their posts or to hold any intercourse with the
tribes under their chaige. The superintendent
and some, if not all, of the agents of the south-
ern supenntcndency, who were in office on the
4th of March, have assumed an attitude of revolt
to the United States, and have instigated the In-
dians to acts 9f hostility. Some of these, who
lately held their offices under the United States,
now claim to exercise the same authority by vir-
tue of commissions from the pretended confed-
erate government.
Although the Indian Office has not been able to
procure definite information of the condition of
affairs, and of the extent to which the Indians
have assumed a hostile attitude, enough has been
ascertained to leave 110 room for doubt that the
influences which have been exerted upon the In-
dians have been sufficient to induce a portion of
them to renounce the authority of the United
States and to acknowledge that of the rebel gov-
ernment.
It has been currently reported through the press
that a portion of them have been organized as a
military force, and are 111 arms with the rebels;
but the Department baa no official information
confirming these rumors.
The hostile attitude assumed by portions of the
tribes referred to, has resulted from their fears,
produced by violence and threats of emissaries
sent among them, and the withdrawal from their
vicinity ot the troops of the United States, whose
presence would have afforded guarantee of pro-
tection. It is unfortunate that the War Depart-
ment has been unable to send to that region such
a body of troops as would be adequate to the pro-
tection of those tribes, and revive their confidence
ill the ability as well as the will of the United
States to comply with their treaty stipulations.
Cut oft from all intercourse with loyal citizens;
surrounded by emissaries from the rebels, who
represented that the Government of the United
States was destroyed, and who promised that the
rebel government would assume the obligations
0 f umted States and pay their annuities; as-
sailed by threats of violence, and seeing around
them no evidence of the power of the United States
to protect them, it is not surprising that their loy-
alty was unable to resist such influences. Many
white men of far greater intelligence'have joined
the insurrectionists against their own convictions
of right, under much less pressure.
We have reason to believe that as soon as the
United States shall reestablish their authority in
the Indian country, and shall send there a suffi-
cient force for the protection of the tribes, they
will renounce all connection with the rebel gov-
ernment and resume their former relations with
the United States.
The payment of their annuities has been sus-
pended. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
expresses the opinion, in which I concur, that
Congress should make the usual appropriations
to comply with the treaty stipulations of the Uni-
ted States, that the means may exist to pay them,
if circumstances and the condition of the tribes
shall hereafter render it proper and expedient to
do so.
The tribes upon the Pacific slope of the Rocky
Mountains have manifested a turbulent spirit, but
have committed no acts of violence. With vigi-
lance on the part of the agents, it is hoped they
may be restrained from depredations upon the
white settlers, and be gradually brought under
the control of the laws of the United States.
Much trouble has been experienced in New
Mexico from depredations committed by some of
the tribes in that Territory. The withdrawal of
the troops of the United States has encouraged
them to acts of violence, while the active inter-
ference of disloyal persons fiom Texas has in-
duced them to disregard the laws and authority
of the Government. The presence of a military
force in that Territory is indispensable to pre-
serve the peace and cause the Indians to respect
the laws.
The tribes in Kansas and Nebraska, and in the
States of the Northwest, are gradually progress-
ing in the arts of civilization. The plan of allot-
ting portions of their reservations to the individual
members of the tribes has been found by expe-
rience to result beneficially. Many of them have
improved their lands and become quite proficient
as farmers. A continuance of this policy, by
familiarizing them with the habits of agricultural
life, will gradually lead them to depend upon the
cultivation of the soil for subsistence.
The report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, which is herewith submitted, furnishes
full information in regard to the several tribes,
and suggests, in detail, such matters as require
the action of Congress.
The practice of licensing traders to traffic with
the Indians has been productive of mischievous
results. The money received by them in pay-
ment of their annuities, generally passes immedi-
ately into the hands of the traders. The Indians
purchase goods of the traders upon a credit, to
be paid for upon the receipt of their next annuity.
When the payment is due, the debts of the In-
dians are usually sufficient to absorb the whole
amount. But, if anything is left after the pay-
ment of their debts, it is used for new puicliases
from the traders. The result of this system of
trade is that the Indians pay for the goods they
purchase much more than they are worth. Rut
this is not the only evil resulting from it. When
a treaty is made, a large array of debts is pre-
sented, and provision usually made for their pay-
ment- Witnesses are produced, who establish
the debts by evidence, which cannot be contra-
dicted by any available proof, sufficient to absorb
most of the proceeds of their lands. They are
left to depend upon their annuities from the Gov-
ernment for subsistence, and these find their way
into the hands of the traders, while the Indians
icceive from them goods at a profit of from one
to three or four hundred per cent.
ti. 'u aPParc:nt t0 a" acquainted with Indians
that they arc incompetent to manage their own
business or to protect their rights in their inter-
course with the white race. It is the duty of the
Government to shield them from the arts of de-
signing men, and to see that they realize the full
benefit of the annuities to which they are entitled
This can only be accomplished by breaking up
the whole system of Indian trading. The power
§£antedto agents to license persons to trade with
the Indians should be revoked. All contracts
