1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (?LO
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York will reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to oppose
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was about to
state to the gentleman fiom New York that his
amendment would be in direct conflict with the
preceding section. The Chair, however, will put
the question.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. The income tax
reported by the Committee of Ways and Moans,
with thcarnendments subsequently made, was in-
tended to reach a much larger class than the gen-
tleman from New York proposes to include. If
all classes of the community are not included, it
would be hardly worth while to have an income
tax at all. The tax now includes traders and mer-
chants, those engaged m home and foieign com-
merce. It includes professions, lawyers, physi-
cians, clergymen. It also includes mining busi-
ness. For instance: there may be men who are
getting out the raw material, as lead, copper, or
iron, not advanced further than pigs or blooms,
who would not be taxed unless the income taxis
imposed.
Mr. DIYEN. What I desire is to have the
income tax confined to the production of invest-
ments. That is what is meant by income tax the
world over. But as the Chair states that my
amendment would be inconsistent with the pre-
ceding section I do not wish to embarrass the bill.
What I desired was to have the other section
amended. I was not aware that the committee had
passed from the other section to this. 1 therefore
withdraw my amendment.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of the eighty-sixth section, as follows:
Sec. 86. *£nd he it fwthcr enacted, That the duties on in-
comes hcioin imposed shall be due .nut payable oil oi besot e
the.'10 th day of J 11110,111 tin; yo:u 1802, ami in each j e.u theie-
atter until and including tiic ycai i860, and no longei; and
to any sum or sums annually due and unpaid foi Unity day s
aftei the 30th of June, as aloreotud, theie -hall be levied, m
additun theioto, the sum ot live pet cent, on the amount of
duties so unpaid, a*, a penalty ; and 11 any poison or pe< cons
or jnuiv, liable lu pa\ such duty, -hull neglect 01 !<jlusc to
pay the - ame, the amount due shall be a lien in favoi of the
United States Iroui the time it was so duo until paid. With
tile interest, penalties, ami cost-: that may aeeiuo 111 addi-
tion theirto, upon all the piopeity, and lights to piopeity,
stocks, seem 1 ties, and debts ot eveiy dosci iption hom winch
the income upon winch said duty is assessed or levied shall
have accrued or may or should acciue ; and in default of
the payment of said duly lot the space of thirty days, after
the -ame shall have become due, said lien may he enlotced
by disttamt upon Mich pi'opeity, rights to piopeity, stocks,
securities, and evidences of debt, by whoni>oevci holden ;
and fortius put pose the Comirnssionei oflnternal Revenue,
upon the certificate of the collector 01 deputy collector that
said duty is due and unpaid for the space ot ten day-< after
notice duly given of the levy of such duty, <hall jaup a
waunnt, 111 lotm andmannci to be pie-cribed by caid Com-
mis^ionei of internal Revenue, under the directions of the
Secietaiy of the Tieasnty. and by vntuo of <ueh wan.int
theie may he levied on such piopetn, nsrhfs to propeity,
stocks, securities, and evidences of debt a further sum, to
be fixed and stated m sue!) wan.tut. over and above the
said annual duty, mt"K,-t, and penalty tor non-payment.
Mifljcicnt lor the fees and expenses ot Mir-h low. And m
all eases of sale, as atotesaid, the eeiiific.itr of such sale
by tin; coilectoi 01 deputy coilectoi of tin; -<iie shall give a
valid title to the puiclia->ei, whothei the propeity he ieo.1 or
peisonal ; and, where the subject ot 4-ale sbaii be stocks,
the certificate of said sale shall he lawful authouty and no-
tice to (he piopei coipoiation, company, or association to
recoid the same on their books or 1 ecoids, m tiie sam<' man-
nei as if tiansferred or assigned by the person or party hold
ing the same, to issue new cei tificates of stock theielor in
lieu of any ongmal or piioreeitilicates. which shall be void
whether canceled or not; and said certificates of sale or
the collector 01 deputv collector, where the subject of sale
shall be secuutks, 01 otbei evidences of debt, shall be good
and valid teceipN to the poison 01 paity holding the same,
a? against any peison or persons, or other paity holding,or
claiming to hold, possession of such s'-eunties 01 othei evi-
dences! ot debt.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
in the fourth line by striking out " 18G3," and
inserting " 1863."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
in the fifth line by striking out ii 1865" and in-
serting " lb(>6."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to amend
the section by striking out the words "and to any
sum or sums annually due and unpaid for thirty
days after the 30th of June, as aforesaid, there
shall be levied, in addition thereto, the sum of
five per cent, on the amount ofdut.es so unpaid,
as a penalty." It seems to me that there is suffi-
cient piuvision made in the subsequent part of
this section, m the way of ppnalty, forany failure
to comply with the law. There are many cases
in which this additional levy of five per cent,
would operate as a great injustice; as, for in-
stance, in the case of estates belonging to insol-
vents, and estates that may be temporarily with-
out a representative in consequence of the death
or extreme illness of the possessor, and in other
cases which I will not take up the time of the
committee to state.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There may pos-
sibly be some exceptional cases, such as those al-
luded to, butit is clear thatthere ought to be some
penalty provided for neglect. The only provision
is that the tax shall be a lien upon the property,
and that there may be a forcible collection of the
tax. There is no penalty whatever.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. That extends,
if 1 undeistand aright, to the sale of the property
altogether. It seems to me that the whole matter
is in the hands of the officers of the Government.
If the officers have the power to seize the property
and hold it and sell it, I do not see why there
should be also a penalty imposed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, We have pro-
vided penalties in all other cases, why notin tins?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. This makes an
addition of five per cent., and in the cases 1 have
cited it would clearly operate with great injustice
on owneis of propeity.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusetts, I move to amend
by striking out " five" and inserting "one," so
that the penalty will be one per cent.
The amendment was rejected.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to amend
by inserting three per cent, instead of five per
cent. It seems to me that there is a great injustice
involved in this provision of the section.
The amendment was rejected.
Air. HARRISON. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee ofWaysandMeansaquestion.
I do not find in this or m any other section, so far
as 1 leeoliect, any provision prescribing the man-
ner m which these evidences of debt taken from
delinquents are to be held. It provides for dis-
tiauu upon the various descriptions of personal
propeity, but what provision is theie for carry-
ing out the distraint'
Air. STEVENS. There is the general provis-
ion, which applies to this as well as other sec-
tions.
Air. WOODRUFF. For the purpose of en-
abling me to ask a question of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I move to amend
by inserting after the word " aforesaid," 111 the
seventh line, the words, "for ten days after the
demand theiefor by the collector;" so that it will
lead:
And to any <<11111 or sums annually due and unpaid foi
tlmty days after the 30th dav of June, as atotesaid, for ton
days attei the demand therefor by the collector, there shall
be levied m addition theieto, &e.
It will ho seen that there is a penalty imposed
if the fax is not paid within thirty days after the
30th of June, bat no provision, that I have dis-
covered is made in this section, and perhaps not
in the bill, by which the party from whom the
debt is due is to have notice that it is due. It
seems to me that if he is to be subjected to a pen-
alty, by which his property is to be taken from
him, provision ought to be made that the demand
shall first have been made upon him for the tax,
and therefore it is that I move this amendment
that he shall have ten days' notice. If the amend-
ment be adopted, I shall move another to make
the latter part of the section correspond.
Mr. STEVENS. I see 110 objection to that
am endment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOODRUFF. I now move to nmend in the
nineteenth hne by insertingafter the woid u due"
the words " and been demanded as aforesaid;" so
1 that the clause will lead:
And 111 detault ot the payment of <-aid duly for the space
of thuty d<i\'s, .iftrr the same shall have become due and
been demanded as al'me-aid. saw! hen may be enfojeed by
disfiaint upon such piopeity, lights to property, stocks, se-
cmities. and evidences of debt by whomsoever holden."
The amendment was agieed to.
Air. RIDDLE. I move to amend by striking
out fiom the word "penalty," 111 the ninth line,
down to and including the word " accrued," m the
seventeenth line, as follows:
And it any person or per-on.-j. or party, liable to pay such
duty, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, the amounf
due shall 0b a lien in favor of the ftnited States from the.
time it was so due until paid, with jhe interest, penalties,
and costs that may accrue in addition thereto, upon all tiie
property, and rights to property, stocks, securities, and debts
of every description from which the income upoa which
said duty Is assessed or levied sliajl have accrued- - . -
I believe that the creation of a lieri upon rferson-.
alty for the tax proposed in this Section wilTiftdrf-.
tably tend greatly to embarrass the business trans-
actions of the country. There will bo no record
of that lien, there will be no mode by which thfc-
purchaser of this personal property can ascertain
whether that lien has been discharged. He will
be obliged to ascertain the fact in some way, and
it will be very difficult to ascertain. How is a'
stranger or other party purchasing a share of stock
or othei article of personalty in the market to as-
certain whether it has paid the income duty for
which the holder is liable by the provisions of the
act? I see no practicable way; and I move,there-
fore, to strike out the provision.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to insert
in the seventh line, after the word "June," the
words " except from the estates of deceased or
insolvent persons;" so that the clause will read:
And to any sum 01 sums annually due and unpaid for
thirty days after the 30th ot June, except from the estates
of deceased person-', &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS. I should like to call the atten-
tion of the committee to what appears an incon-
sistency, as it seems to me, between this and a
section we have passed. The eighty-sixth section
says, " theduties on incomes herein imposed shall'
be duo and payable on or before the 30th day of
June," while the other section, referring to the
same thing, fixes the date as May 1st.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is provided
that the party shall have thirty days to pay it in.
Mr. LOOMIS. I thought perhaps there was a'
mistake in the date. However, I will raise no ob-
jection in reference to that.
In the thirty-fifth lino of the section I desire to
strike out the words " a valid," and to insert in
their place " of all the right, title, and interest of
such delinquents to such property;" so that it will
read:
And mall cases of sale as aforesaid, the certificate of such
sale by the collector 01 deputy collector of the sale shall give
all the right, title, and interest of such delinquents.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. X have no ob-
jection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, moved to amend the
eighty-seventh section by inserting in the twenty-
fifth line, after the word "duty," the words
" under the authority of the United States;" so as
to make it lead:
Provided, That any party, in his or her own behalf, 01 as
guaidian 01 trustee, as afotesaid, shall be permitted to de-
Hale, under oath or affirmation, the form and manner of
which shall be piescubed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, that he or she was not possessed ot an income ot
,s600, liable to be assessed according to the proviuon-5 of
this act, or that he or she has been assessed elsewhere and
the same year foi an income duty, and shall thereupon be
exempt from au income duty undei the authority of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee then proceeded to the consider-'
ation of the one hundred and fifth section; which
was read, ns follows:
Sec. 105. Jhul be it further enacted, That any person or
peibons having 111 chaige or trust, as administrators,ex.ee-
utois, 01 trustees of any legacies or distributive shares aris-
ing from personal pioperty, of any kind whatsoever, where
tiie whole amount of such personal property as aforesaid
shall exceed the sum of.$1,000 in actual value, passing
fiom any poison who may did after the passage of tins act
po-sessed ot such property, being within the United Slates,
either by wjil or by the intestate laws of any St.ito'ot Ter
ntory,or any part of such pioperiyorintcicstihtiem, tiaih-
feried by deed,giant, bargain, sale, orgtftmnde or intended
to take efiect in possession or enjoyment aftei the death of
the grantor or baigainor, to any person or persons, ot to any
body or bodies politic or corporate, 111 trust or otherwise,
shall be. and hereby are, made subject to a duty or tax. to
be paid to the United States as lollows, that is to say:
Fitst, wheie Hie person 01 pcisons entitled to .lny benefi-
cial interest 111 such piopeity shall he the lineal is.-,ue or
lineal ancestor, wife or husband, brothei or sister, to the
peison who died po -sessed of such pioperty as aforesaid, at ,
and after the Kite of seventy-five cents for each and every
§100 of the cle.u value of such luteiest in such propeity.
I Second, whetc the poison or pei-ons entitled to an} ben-
1 efi'-ial intciesT hi -uch piopeuy siuill be a descendant o'- a
! brother 01 sivt. r of the por-con who died possessed a3 a'are-
; said, at and altet the late of$l 50 lor each and everv^lUO
i ot the eleai value of such intetest. Third, where the per-
1 son 01 persons entitled to any beneficial interest in -tieh
