1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
remarks on the bill in the Senate. The whole
question with reference to his proposition is in-
volved in the motion to strike out a large portion
of the bill from the sixty-fourth to 'the one hun-
' dred and eighth section. That involves the fate of
his whole proposition, in point of fact, because if
the Senate refuse to strike out those sections, he
will certainly see what the sense of the Senate is.
I suggest to him, therefore, whether it would not
be as well to place it upon that ground and let the
bill be i eported to the Senate, and make that mo-
tion in the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to accommo-
date the Senator and the Senate very much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like very much
to have the bill reported to the Senate to-night. I
think then we might go over the amendments we
have made in committee, and if Senators would
be content with that, and simply submit their
. propositions in a shape to take the sense of the
Senate upon them, and be content with the decis-
ion, whatever it might be, we might get through
in comparatively short time; but if we go on in
this drizzling way, there is no getting through at
all. The Senator from California has a proposi-
tion that I suppose he intends to make at some
time or other, when I do not know. He intimated,
I believe, that he should wait until everything else
was gone through with and the debate had been
closed upon this bill before he should do it; that
is to say, that he will override the ordinary course
of proceeding here, and not allow the chairman
to close the debate. I have no objection to his
taking it out of my hands, if he sees fit. Of course,
I cannot object. He has a right to talk when he
pleases 
Mr.McDOUGALL. I thought it had been sug-
gested that we should go on and perfect the bill
first. I thought that was desired by the chairman
himself. It is not material to me when I move
the -substitute.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the ordinary
course of proceeding would be this: where gen-
tlemen have what are substantially substitutes,
after the bill is reported to the Senate, they should
take some time when the Senate was compara-
tively full to move their substitutes or some amend-
ments, which would test the question on theirsub-
stitutes, and take the yeas and nays on it, if it
is rejected, there is the end of it. The chairman
of the committee, especially on a bill of this kind,
should be allowed to close the debate on the sub-
ject, provided no substitute was adopted instead,
i think that course would shorten the mutter vei y
much. My friend from Rhode Island must see
that his piopo&ition to strike out these sections
fiom the sixty-fourth to the one hundred and
eighth, if carried, settles the fate of this hill; and
then he would be at hberty to amend it with his
propositions as he pleased.
Mr. SIMMONS. What I wanted was to strike
out and insert, if I could satisfy the majonty of
the Senate, as 1 did the majority of the commit-
tee, that the one I had was the better proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator may just as
well stop there: he satisfied nobody in the com-
mitteci but himself that his proposition was bettor; j
there was not a man that adopted it, or thought ;
of a iopting it. I
Mr. SIMMONS. That is perfectly correct, as j
to this proposition. |
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly it is, to that j
proposition. I
Mr. SIMMONS. But I had one about as near j
to it as a second cousin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And to any proposition. ;
I reassert, there was no proposition made in the j
committee which had in its favor more than one j
member, except the proposition now before the j
Senate, and that had two. That is the State of i
it. The Senator has been talking about this propo- t
sition. I thought it was improper to introduce '
the story at all, because I said, m the first place, j
that it was permitted to be reported to the Senate; >
and now I defy contradiction to what I shall say.
The Senator from California had one proposition. '
There was nobody in favor of it but himself.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the Sen-
atora single question: whether the undeistanding
was not that after the House bill had been per- ,
fected, then other piopositions would be consid-
ered; and whether, after the House bill had been ,
perfected by being gone through with, the chair- ,
man did not protestagainst taking up and consid- '
ering in committee the proposition advanced by
myself; so that there was no chance to ascertain
in the committee how it stood ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say one word.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose you will wait
until I get through.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 rise to a question of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you call me to order
when I am attacked right and left about things
here, and want to explain once for all, very well;
I will sit down.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I regret
exceedingly that any discussion has arisen in the
Senate as to what has occurred in committee on
the various propositions. I thought the other (lay,
when the thing was explained 
Mr.TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of order.
I should like to know what the question of order
of the Senator from Wisconsin is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Tiiat it is not in order for
membets of the committee in the Senate to discuss
what occurs in committee. That is the point, and
it is a very wise rule. It saves all trouble, and it
is not a matter of importance to the Senate nor the
country as to these free conversations in commit-
tee. The other day this debate was somewhat
indulged in, and I supposed it had<been tolerably
well explained when various members of the com-
mittee  
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
the Senator from Wisconsin is in order. I un-
derstood him to rise to a question of order, and
having made the point of order, he is now going
on to make a speech, lecturing the Senate gen-
erally, and the committee in particular.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose when I rise to
a question of order, I have a right to speak on the
subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to state his point of order, but not to
argue it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator would
reduce it to wiiting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe I am not required
to reduce it to wmihg, unless I take some per-
sonal exception to language used in debate. I
think the ruin does not require it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want the ruling of the
Chair on the question of order, for 1 desire to be
informed on that point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules the point of oider to be well taken.
Mr. GRUMES. Which pointof order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of
order tnkt n by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. GRIMES. There was a point of order
made by the Senator from Illinois that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin was out of order. I want a
decision on that point first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not understand that to be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is hardly worth while
to waste time on that. The Chair has decided
this discussion out of order, and I do not feel dis-
posed to renew it. I think I am entitled to the
floor, unless another point of order be made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand the Chair
to malep a ruling which I should like to under-
stand. We have had a discussion here about what
has occuired m committee. If, according to the
rules of the Senate, that is not a subject for dis-
cussion, I should like to be advised, it has been
departed from.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to say it is
hardly worth while to continue this matter. I have
sat here and listened to all these statements made
by my colleagues with teference to what took
place in committee without interposing a word of
objection. I, being chairman of the committee,
have let them state what they pleased with refer-
ence to it, but the moment I rise to give my expla-
nation 1 am called to order by the'Senator from
Wisconsin, who had nothing to do with the quar-
rel, and it is decided that I cannot go on. I yield,
as I always endeavor to do, to the decision of the
Senate, and let the cx parte statements made by
each individual, no two of which agree, go for
what they are worth in reference to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the floor, and I do
not wish to be interrupted. i
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not want to interrupt '
you. I thought you were going to sit down.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, sir, I am about to
say what I think is the advisable course to;take
if the Senate wish to get through with this .bill.
I think it would be better, if there are no more
amendments to the details of the bill as it stands
to be made, and the only additional propositions
to be made are radical ones, and those which go
to the wholdfeharatter of the bill, that we should
take the bill out of committee, if we have got
through with these amendments, verbal and other-
wise, and. that in the Senate, gentlemen who have
these radical propositions to make, which change
the character of the bill entirely, should make
them, and let them be discussed, if discussion is
desired, and voted upon. If either of them suc-
ceeds, and the bill is entirely changed in its as-
pects, then it will be time to take further action.
If neither succeeds, and wo are then to act upon
the bill itself, we can go on and finish it, act upon
the amendments which have been adopted in com-
mittee, oractupon them be'fore these propositions
are offered, just as gentlemen please. In that
way we shall be able to get through withoutcon-
fusion. I think that would be the better mode.
I suggest to my friend from Rhode Island, as an
improvement on the course he suggests, to offer
the amendments of detail that he proposes to
make in the first place, before he acts upon the
question of striking out the sections. He has al-
ready explained what he means to do if he suc-
ceeds in that, and it would only be a waste of
time if he should not finally succeed in striking
out these sections. Therefore, I suggest to his
better judgment, whether it would not be as well
to take that question first. The Senate understands
what his object is; and so, too, the honorable"
Senator from California, and so, too, any other
Senator who has a proposition of that kind -to
make. I think we should arrive at a conclusion
sooner and better,and withoutspending so much
time.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose I ought to make
an apology if I have been out of order, though I
was not called to order, in alluding to what trans-
pired in committee. I never made any allusion
to it whatever until others claimed this bill as the
report of the committee. That led me to say some-
thing on that point. I have explained as well as
I knew how why it was reported m that way. The
Senator says he is called to Older by somebody
not in the quarrel. I did not intend to have any
quuirel with the Senator. I did not know it was
a quarrel; but he called it, so. I will agree, as I
told him early in the session to-day, to take any
course the most accommodating to him. I intended
making the proposition eaily,buthe thought per-
haps we should get along better by allowing him
to offer some amendments he had got, and 1 have
waited. I have no objection now to let the bill be
reported to the Senate, or to adopt any suggestion
the Senator pleases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that is done, I wish
to make one amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island withdraw his amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. 1 will d© just
exactly as the chairman suggests.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With reference to the in-
come tax, it may be important to retain the pro-
vision to which the Senator from Rhode Island
alluded, and I can do it in a dozen words. I move
to add, after the word " foity-nine,"in line seven,
of section eighty-four, page 123, the words, u ex-
cept so much thereof as relates to the selection and
appointment of depositories;" so that the section
will read:
Pec. 81. Ami be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of moditvmg and reenaeting, as hereinafter provided, f-o
much of an act entitled u An act to piovido merged reve-
nue fioin imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other puipose?,-' appiovcd Augu.^t o, }St>l5 as ioiatcs to in-
come tax, that is to say, sections i'orty-nm ', oxcept  o much
as relates to the selection and appointment of depo^itoncs.
fifty, and fifty-one, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as m
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
now if it would be practicable—I do not make
any motion about it—to have the amendments
that have been agreed to in committee piinted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would take too long.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Could they not be printed
by morning?
