14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
devices employed to disguise and conceal the real
objects of their voyage, thus enabling them to de-
tect and prevent the clearance of vessels designed
for this trade. It is gratifying to know that un-
precedented success has crowned the efforts of the
past few months. Five vessels have been seized,
tried, and condemned by the courts. One slaver
has been taken on the coast of Africa with about
nine hundred negroes on board, who were con-
veyed to the Republic of Liberia. One person
has been convicted at New York as the captain
of a slaver, having on board eight hundred cap-
tives, and two others, (matps of a different vessel,)
and another one at Boston for fitting out a vessel
for the slave trade. In the first-named case the
penalty is death; in the others it is fine and im-
prisonment. Hitherto convictions under the laws
prohibiting the African slave trade have been very
rare.
This is probably the largest number ever ob-
tained, and certainly the only ones for many years.
It is believed that the first-mentioned case is the
only one involving capital punishment in which
a conviction has been effected.
The full execution of the law in these instances
will, no doubt, have a most salutary influence in
deterring others from the commission of like
offenses.
A number of other indictments have been found
which arc yet to be tried.
Much credit is duo to the United States attor-
neys and marshals at New York and Boston for
the vigilance and zeal evinced by them, and I
avail myself of the first occasion to make them
this public acknowledgment.
Within a little more than a year the Govern-
ment of the United States, under contracts made
with the Government of Liberia, through the
agency of the American Colonization Society,
have taken into that republic four thousand five
hundred Africans, recaptured on the high seas by
vessels of our Navy. They are supplied with
food, clothing, and shelter, medicines and medical
attendance, for one year from the date of landing,
and are thus brought within the civilizing and
christianizing influences of a Government founded
and administered by intelligent and right-minded
persons of their own race.
They are under the special charge and super-
vision of an agent of the United States, the llov.
John Soys, who lias been a devoted missionary
in Africa for many years. Mis report, when re-
ceived, will no doubt afford abundant evidence of
the wisdom and ph ilan thropy of the noi icy adopted
by the United States in regard to tnese unhappy
victims of a cruel and relentless cupidity, whose
misfortunes have thrown them upon the fostering
care and motection of the American people.
Great Britain and the United States have en-
gaged, by the treaty dated at Washington the 9th
of August, 1842, that each shall prepare, equip,
and maintain in service on the coast of Africa a
sufficient and adequate squadron or naval force of
vessels of suitable numbers and descriptions, to
carry in all not less than eighty guns, to enforce,
separately and respectively , the laws, rights, and
obligations of each of the two countries for the
suppression of the slave trade.
It seems to be the opinion of those having most
experience on the subject, that two or three fast
steam vesseis-of-war stationed on tlx' coast of
Africa would be able (in consequence of the light
winds that usually prevail theie and their capacity
to go in any direction) to more effectually accom-
plish the object than a much larger number of
sailing vessels. Vessels are always selected for
the slave trade with special reference to their sail-
ing qualities; and it would probably be wise to
seek a modification of the treaty of 1842, in order
to admit of some such change in the character of
the vessels employed.
But, after all, while we must continue to watch
the coast of Africa, the most economical and ef-
fectual mode of preventing our citizens from en-
gaging in the slave trade is by preventing the
fitting out of vessels m our own waters for that
purpose, and the plans now in operation will
therefore continue to be vigorously prosecuted.
It is believed that the unexpended balances of
appropriations for the suppression of the slave
trade will be sufficient to meet the requirements
of the service during the next fiscal year, and no
further appropriation is asked; but that fact will
render it necessary to remove the limitation in the
appropriation of March 2, 1861, as to the com-
pensation that may be allowed to marshals and
others who may be employed. The limitation of
$10,000 was confined to the opeiations of one
year; and although the whole amount will not be
required for such'serviccs during the current fiscal
year, it will not, probably, be sufficient to cover
the necessary expenditures of that character for
two years.
JUDICIARY.
The expenditures from the judiciary fund, dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, were
$.727,000 61. This includes the expenses of the
courts, jurors' and witness's fees, rent and repairs
of court-houses, and all other expenses attendant
upon the administration of the laws of the Fed-
eral judiciary, except the salaries of the judges,
district attorneys, and marshals.
The suspension of the courts in several of the
southern States will diminish the expenses of the
judiciary to that extent; but what may be gained
from this cause will be more than counterbalanced
by extraordinary expenses in the northern States,
occasioned by the insurrection, chargeable to the
judiciary fund.
The annual rent of rooms occupied by the Fed-
eral courts constitutes a large item of the ex-
penses. As a matter of economy, as well as of
convenience to all connected with the courts, it
is desirable that the Government should own the
buildings required for that purpose.
The United States now own the buildings in
which the courts are held at Portland and Bangor,
in Maine; at Windsor and Rutland, in Vermont;
at Boston, in Massachusetts; at Providence, in
Rhode Island; at Buffalo, in New York; at Pitts-
burg, in Pennsylvania; at "Wilmington, in Dela-
waie; at Richmond, in Virginia; at Wilmington,
in North Carolina; at Savannah, in Georgia; at
Pcnsacola and St. Augustine, in Florida; at Mo-
bile, in Alabama; at Pontotoc, in Mississippi; at
St. Louis, in Missouri; at Chicago, in Illinois; at
Cleveland and Cincinnati, in Ohio; at Indianapo-
lis, in Indiana; at Detroit, in Michigan, and at
Santa Fe, in New Mexico. Buildings to be so
occupied are in process of erection by the Govern-
ment at Key West, in Florida; at Galveston, in
Texas; and at Madison, in Wisconsin.
Much inconvenience is daily experienced for
the want of a suitable court-house, owned by the
Government, in the city of New York. The
building formerly known as Burton's theater has
been occupied by the courts since 1858, at a rent
of $l(j,000 per annum. The Government has
already expended over ยง30,000 in altering the
building to adapt it to the wants of the courts,
and in necessary repairs. To render it convenient
and comfortable will lequire additional expendi-
tures, which may be lost by the sale of the prop-
erty. The lease contains a clause giving to the
Government the option of purchasing the prop-
erty within three years, at the price of $215,000.
The time has elapsed, but it is understood that
it may yet be purchased, within a reasonable
time, for that price.
Mr. Burton has deceased since the date of the
lease, and the settlement of his estate will prob-
ably require a sale of this property. If it should
be Hold to persons who would require the removal
of the courts, the Government would be subjected
to great inconvenience and expense. In my judg-
ment, the best interests of the Government require
that the property should be purchased; and I rec-
ommend an appropriation for that purpose.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The report of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings exhibits the condition of the several
interests confided to his charge.
The occupation of the Capitol during the past
summer by portions of the volunteer forces,
necessarily caused some injury, which will re-
quire more than the ordinary appropriations for
tepairs.
The old portion of the building needs outside<
painting, as well to give uniformity of appearance
to the whole, as to protect it from decay.
A portion of the basement of the building is
now used as a bakery for the Army. Although
this may be submitted to for a time as a military
necessity, it ought not to be permitted any longer
than absolute necessity will require. Immediate
provision should be made to transfer this useful
branch of industry to some other locality, where
it may be conducted withoutinjury to the national
Capitol, or annoyance to its occupants.
The subject of the extension of the Capitol
grounds has heretofore occupied the attention of
Congress The private property necessary to
make the proposed extension, has been appraised,
in conformity with the directions of an act of
Congress, at the sum of $417,594 90.
The propriety of making a purchase involv-
ing so large an expenditure, at a time when the
demands upon the Treasury for the support of
the war have rendered a resort to direct taxation
necessary, must be determined by Congress. The
Commissioner zealously advocates an early ap-
propriation for that purpose, for reasons which
will be found upon reference to his report.
The improvements and repairs which have been
made upon the several public buildings and other
works during the past year, will be ascertained
on reference to the Commissioner's report.
The Washington Infirmary, located upon Ju-
diciary square, was destroyed by fire on the morn-
ing of the 3d instant. The fire is supposed to
have originated from accidental causes, and when
first discovered could have been readily extin-
guished by an efficient fire department.
Congress, by an act approved June 15, 1844,
directed the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
allow the medical faculty of the Columbian Col-
lege to occupy this building, (which had before
been used as an insane hospital,) "for the pur-
poses of an infirmary for medical instruction and
for scientific purposes, on condition that they shall
give satisfactory security to keep the said build-
ing in repair, and return it, with the grounds, to
the Government, in as good condition as they are
now in, whenever required to do so." In 1853,
Congress appropriated ยง20,000 " to aid the direct-
ors of Washington Infirmary to enlarge their
accommodations for the benefit of sick transient
paupers." This sum was expended in enlarging
and improving the building, which has since been
under the control of the medical faculty, under
the authority conferred by the law of 1844.
During the last summer extensive hospital ac-
commodations having become necessary from the
large accumulation of troops on the Potomac, an
order was made by this Department to place the
building under the control of the War Depart-
ment, to be used as an Army hospital. It was
accordingly occupied for that purpose up to the
time of its destruction. I do not consider that
any public necessity requires a reconstruction of
the building.
Judiciary square, upon which it is situated, was
designed for other purposes, and if the erection
of an infirmary should be considered necessary,
a different location should be sought. I recom-
mend that provision be made for the removal of
the walls of the building yet standing.
A street railroad through Pennsylvania avenue
is a necessity which should no longer be disre-
garded. The great advantages of this mode of
communication upon important city thorough-
fares have been so fully demonstrated in all the
large cities of the United States, that no argument
upon the subject will be required.
The repairs of Pennsylvania avenue have an-
nually cost the Government large sums, and the
heavy transportation for Army purposes which
has passed over it this season will render neces-
sary larger appropriations than those usually
made.
It is probable that those who are asking from
the Government the privilege of constructing and
using a railroad from the navy-yard, thiough
Pennsylvania avenue, to Georgetown, would, as
a consideration for the privilege, agree to keep
the avenue, at least between the Capitol and
President's square, in good repair. If such an
arrangementcan be made, the Government would
avoid a large annual expense, while the citizens,
and those who visit the District, would enjoy the
great advantages of this most important improve-
ment.
