1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
property shall be a brother or sister of the father or mother,
or &' descendant of a brother orsister of the father or mother
Of the person who died possessed as aforesaid, ar and after
the rate of three dollais for cach and every $100 of the clear
value of such interest. Fourth, where the person or per-
sons entitled to any beneficial interest in such property shall
be a brother or sister or Hie grandfather or grandmother, or
a descendant of the brother or sister of the grandfather or
grandmother of the person who died possessed as aforesaid,
at and after the rate of four dollars for each and every $100
Of the clear value of such interest. Fifth, where the per-
son or persons entitled to any beneficial interest in such
property shall be in any other degree of collateral consan-
fuioicy than is hereinbefore stated, or shall be a strangei in
lootf to the person who died possessed as aforesaid, or
shall be a body politic or corporate, at and after the rate of
five dollars lor each and every §100 of the clear value of
such interest: Proiirfcrf,That all legacies or property pass-
ing by will, or by the laws of any State or Territoiy, to hus-
band or wife of the person who died possessed as aforesaid,
shall be exempt from tax or duty.
Mr. BINO-HAM. I move to amend, by strik-
ing out these several provisions in this section
"which discriminate between the several classes
of legatees and distributees, so that the tax shall
be the same whoever shall be the legatee or dis-
tributee under the laws of a State. For the pur-
pose of bringing this matter clcarly before the
committee, therefore, I move to strike out all these
provisions, and to insert a uniform tax of three
and a half per cent. This will yield about the
same amount of revenue from this source as would
be realized if the section as reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should be adopted.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the principle upon which
taxes are imposed in the United States, as a gen-
era! rule, is that they shall be equally distributed
on all estates or property, by whomsoever they
may be possessed, no matter how they are ac-
quired, whether by the operation of law, whether
by the operation of last will and testament, or
gift, or whether acquired by the effort of the party
himself. I undertake to say that is almost the
universal rule to-day in every State in the Union;
and who docs not see that it ought to be so, that
it is just, that like estates, of the same value, by
whomsoever possessed, if they are taxed at all,
ought to be taxed by an equal rule ?
1 do not know what objection, if any, the Com-
mitteeof Ways and Means may have to the equal-
ization of these taxes, nor by what process of rea-
soning they have arrived at the conclusions which
induced them to favor the unequal tax proposed
by this section as reported. Perhaps they may
have reasons satisfactory to themselves for what
they propose; but, sir, there is in the Constitution
of the United States the word t( uniform," which
applies to the imposition of all these taxes. 1 do
not undertake to say that, by a fair and liberal
construction of the Constitution, the courts may
not decide that this bill, as it now stands, is in
accordance with the Constitution. My impres-
sion is that the amendment which I propose bet-
ter accords with the spirit of the Constitution; but,
however that may be, the objection remains to
this section of the bill that it discriminatesbetween
like estates of equal value transferred in like man-
ner to different classes of persons, simply by rea-
son of their immediate or remote relationship to
the donors.
I repeat, I do not know what may have been
the reasons of the Committee of Ways and Means
for recommending and reporting this proposition
of unequal taxation; but 1 do know that unequal
taxation is contrary to the almost universal prac-
tice of the American people. A $1,000 legacy in
the hands of Mr. A ought not to be required to
pay a higher rate of taxation than the same amount
of Icgacy in the hands of Mr. B. The same kind
and amount of property should pay the same rate
of tax, irrespective of the blood which happens
for the time being to course through the veins of
him who owns it.
Mr, HICKMAN. I oppose the amendment,
which has been suggested rather than offered.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was offered pro forma.
Mr. HICKMAN. I say that I oppose the
amendment, which has rather been suggested than
offered, because it has not been reduced to form.
It requires that the whole section be lccast, to
conform to the idea of the gentleman from Ohio.
My objection is, that the tax is not high enough.
J think thata discrimination ought to be made by
the bill; but I suggest that the rates be doubled.
I move an amendment to the amendment, that three
quarters of one per cent, be increased to one and
a half per cent., and, if adopted to the first para-
graph, I wiii move a similar amendment to the
other paragraphs. I should be glad myself to re-
ceive a legacy, and I would notcare how large the
amount was; and I should be glad, even if it were
from my father, to pay one and a half per cent.,
and if from a more distant relative, to pay ten per
cent. I presume that in most of the States, when
the degree of consanguinity is remote, the tax upon
inheritances is heavy. In Pennsylvania we pay
a tax of five per cent, upon all collateral inher-
itances, We must not forget that we have an
urgent necessity for money; and my conviction has
been and is that there is no property upon which
a tax can better be laid than upon inheritances.
And, as most of the inheritances are from the father
to the child, I suggest that the tax will amount to
very little under the bill as it is presented. There-
fore such tax should be increased. Seventy-five
cents upon $100 will amount to very little. As
far as 1 am myself concerned, I should prefer that
in the case of a direct inheritance from father to
child, it should be five per cent. Few persons would
complain. On the contrary, they would as soon
pay a large as a small amount. I think that the
amendment I have offered ought to be adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am opposed to the amend-
ment to the amendment. I propose to make the
rates two and a half per cent. I do not think that
under the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania the Government will realize as much
revenue from this section as it ought to. But
there is no principle involved between the gentle-
man and myself. One and a half per cent, is not
enough on the $100. I propose to make the rates
so that we will derive us much revenue as we
have in proportion derived from other sources.
I do not know whether the amendment was of-
fered as it ought to have been; but it was two
and a half per cent, upon the several sums of
money specified m this section. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
for the reason that it would cut of the revenue that
the Government would otherwise derive from the
section.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso:
I'rocidcd further, That all bequests and devices for reli-
gious, literal y, or charitable uses shall be exempt from tax-
ation undei the ptovisions of this section of this act.
It. seems to me proper for the national Legisla-
ture to give encouragement to the making of this
class of devises for charitable and literary pur-
poses. There arc a great many of them made—
made to poor churches, and made for the pur-
poses of building schools and colleges. The
Government has frequently aided such institu-
tions by grants of land; and it seems to me to bo
in harmony with the previous policy of our legis-
lation to adopt a provision of this character. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that the House will
not adopt it. The institutions which get the money
! are the institutions which ought to pay this tax.
' There was a time when these bequests were con-
sidered as void m England, because they had the
tendency to lock up the money of the realm. The
most wealthy of these corporations always get
the largest legacies. Take New England. Har-
vard and Yale Colleges arc instances. Where a
man wants to make himself immortal he gives
! $50,000 of a devise. He will not give it to some
| poorMethodistchurch, but he will give it to some
i great institution, in order to perpetuate his name.
I 1 think that ihey can afford to pay this tax, and
that they ought to do it. I think that this, of all
the classes, ought not to be exempted.
Mr. Sheffield's amendment to the amendment
Wits rejected.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to add the following
proviso:
Ptovidcd, however, That no property aforesaid shall be
I taxed as atoresaid which lia* been taxed to the person de-
| ceased, lor Ihe time during which it was so taxed, nor
!; '-hall any such pioperty be so taxed winch would not have
• ! boon liable to taxation by tins act to the person deceased
I if he had been living.
Mr. Chairman, the proviso I have submitted
has for its first object to do away with the pay-
ment of double taxation. I do not think that the
Government should derive double taxation from
the same property for the same period of time.
That is a proposition, the coneetness of which I
think every member will concede. My amend-
ment will obviate that objection.
But there is another point to which I wish to
call the attention of the committee. Under the
section as it stands, the same property, which, in
the hands of one party, would not be liable to be
taxed at all, would be taxed under this provision,
of the act as soon as it gets into the hands of an-
other party. Suppose a deceased person should
have a large quantity of manufactured articles on
hand at the time of his decease, made prior to the
passage of this law, and even including spirits,
which the House have seemed so unwilling to tax
to much extent, and have so revolted at the idea
of taxing in the hands of the owner, but would
now seem willing, if they adopt this section, to
tax them m the hands of his widow or heir. I do
not care so very much what may be the fate of the
last branch of the amendment, but I do hope that
the first branch of it will be adopted; for it seems
to be only equitable and just.
Mr. STEVENS. Itmakesthelivingman pay
his tax and when dead it makes the heir pay; and
if the dead man complains of that he is very un-
reasonable. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDWARDS demanded a division of the
the amendment.
The question was taken upon the two branches
of the amendment to the amendment; and they
were severally disagieed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to strike
out the words " wife or husband;" so that the
paragraph would read:
Fiist, where the person or persons entitled to any ben-
eficial interest in such propeuy shall be the lineal is ue or
lineal ancestoi, brother or sister, to the peiaon who died
possessed of such property, as aforesaid, at and after the
rate of seventy-five cents for each and every $100 of the
clear value ol such interest in such property.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I modify my amendment
as follows:
Strike out the following:
Fir&t, where the person or persons entitled to any ben-
eficial intercut in such properly shall be the lineal issue or
lineal ancestor, brother or sister, to the person who died
possessed of such property as atoiesaid, at and after the rate
of seventy-live cents for each and every $100 of the clear
value ot such interest in such piopeity. Second, where
the per&on or persons entitled to any beneficial interest in
such property shall be a descendant of a brother or sjster of
the person who died possessed as aforesaid, at and after the
Kite of $1 fSD for cach and every $100 of the clear value of
such intciest. Third, wheie the person or persons entitled
to any beneficial interest in such propeity shall be a brother
or si&tcr of the father oi mother, oi a descendant of a brother
or sister of the father or mother of the person who died pos-
sessed as afoiesaid, at and aStei the rate of three dollars for
each and every $100 of the clear value of such interest.
Fourth, where the person oi peisons entitled to any ben-
etieial inteiest in such piopeitv shall be a biother or sister
of the giandfather oi grandmother, or a descendant of ihe
brother or sister of the grandfather or grandmother of the
person who died possessed as aforesaid, at and after the
rate of four dollars for each and every $100 of the clear
value of such interest. Fifth, where the person or per-
sons entitled to any beneficial interest in such property
shall be in any other degiee of eollatetal consanguinity than
is hereinbefote stated, or shall be a stranger in blood*to the
person who died posscs-ed as aforesaid, or shall be a body
politic or corporate, at and atter the rate of five dollars for
each and eveiy $100 of the clear value of such interest:
Provided, That all legacies or pioperty passing by will, or
by the laws of any State or Teiritory, to husband or wife
of the person who died possessed as aforesaid, shall be
exempt from tax or duty.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
Three and a half per cent, on each and every $100 of the
cleai value of such interest in such piopeity.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to strike out the
woids <4 husband or," in the fiftieth line, so as to
confine it to the legacies passing to the wife.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
Stc. 100. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the tax or duty
aforesaid shall be alien and charge upon the piopeity of
every person who may die, as aforesaid, until the same
shah be lully paid to and discharged by the United States;
and every executor, adimnistiator, or other person who may
take the burden or tiust ot administration upon such prop-
erty shall, after taking such burden or trust, and hetore pay-
ing or distil bating any poition thereof to the legatees or any
parties entttled to beneficial inteiest therein, pay to the col-
lector or deputy collectoi of the district the amount of the
duty or tax, as atoiesaid, ami shall al>o make and render
to the assistant assessor of the dutiiet a schedule, list, or
statement of the amount of such pioperty, together with
the amount ot duty winch has accrued or should accrue
theieon, veufied by his oath or affirmation, to be adminis-
tered and certified theieon by some magi-,tiate or officer
having lawful power to administer such oaths, tn such form
and manner as mav be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, which schedule, list, or statement shall
contain the names of cach and eveiv person entitled to any
beneficial interest therein, together'with the clear value of
such interest, which schedule, list, or statement shall be by
