2494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. Thejr could not
be prepared under twenty-four hours. The easiest
way, 1 suppose, will be, when we begin in the
Senate, to take the amendments and state them
one by one. There is no other possible way to
take a vote on them. A great manu of them will
be passed without objections, 'but orf others some
gentlemen may want the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The difficulty about it is
to see the relative bearings of these things when
we are voting on the separate propositions. .A
great many amendments have been made, and
they have a bearing upon each other. I should
like to see the amendment printed that we adopted
to-day in regard to the conclusiveness of the deeds;
that is a Ions amendment that ought to be in print.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only a single section.
The Senator can take it and read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a single section of
some considerable length.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be printed, if
the Senator wants it; there are none others but
what can be easily understood.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Is that the only manu-
script amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the only one that
requires any examination; all the others are easily
understood.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have that
amendment printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made unless there is objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suppose the Secretary
can easily have printed all the additional sections,
■which are in manuscript—there are not many of
them—and have them here by to-morrow morn-
ing at twelve o'clock.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I should like to have every-
thing printed; but I do not desire to interpose a
motion that will delay the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The manuscript sections
can be printed without difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make the motion
that the new sections in manuscript, which have
been added, be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order will
be made.
Mr. SUMNER. Why may not all the amend-
ments, one by one, be printed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would be perfectly im-
practicable. It would take forty-eight hours to
prepare them. You would have to take the whole
bill and print it over again.
Mr. SUMNER. My idea was that they might
be printed thus: on page so and so, and line so
and so, strike out and insert as follows.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it would take an
infinity of time to find out the place; and it would
make it worse than it is now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on concurring in the first amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senator from
Maine does not intend going on with these amend-
ments to-night.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am at the disposition
of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will make a mo-
tion to adjourn. I supposed there was no inten-
tion to go on and vote on the amendments to-
night.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wc might save consid-
erable time, and make some progress with them,
if the Senate are disposed to sit somewhat later.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 2, 1862.
The House metat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal uf Thursday last was read and
approved.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
Hon. William J. Alle\t, Representative elect
from the ninth congressional district of the State
of Illinois, in place of Hon. J. A. Logan, resigned,
appealed and qualified by taking the usual oath
to suppoit the Constitution.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, its Secretary, announcing that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the bills of the Senate of the following titles:
An act (No. 43) to prevent and punish fraud
on the part of officers intrusted with making con-
tracts for the Government; and
An act (No. 273) to establish a land office in
Colorado Territory.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles, the first with and
the two latter without amendments:
An act (No. 281) supplemental to an act grant-
ing the right of way to the State of Missouri and
a portion of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State;
An act (No. 459) to allow the State of Califor-
nia an additional Representative in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress; and,
An act (No. 476) abolishing certain collection
districts and reducing compensation of officers of
customs in California.
The message further announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (No- 85) to com-
pensate the crew of the United States steamer Va-
runa, for clothing and other property lost in the
public service; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the bill of the House
(No. 260) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1863, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto, and with a recommendation that some of
said amendments be concurred in, others con-
curred in with amendments, and others non-con-
curred in.
By unanimous consent the report was consid-
ered in the House, and the Clerk proceeded to
read the amendments.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish lo ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
if he has any objection to allowing these amend-
ments to be printed and acted on to-morrow.
There seems to be no pressing necessity for the
passage of the bill, and I venture to express the
hope that the gentleman will allow the amend-
ments to be printed so that the House may see
what they are.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot object to that if
any gentleman is aware that any amendment de-
serves particular consideration.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It occurs to me, al-
though 1 profess to know but little of the subject,
that, there are some new and radical propositions
contained in these amendments. I observe that
the compensation proposed for surveying the di-
viding line between the reservations of the Arra-
pahoes and Cheyennes is ten dollars per mile. I
have the impression that the usual compensation
for such services has been four dollars per mile.
i mention that by way of illustration. I hope the
amendments maybe printed.
Mr. STEVENS. My impression is that this
is precisely what it has been customary to allow.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I know that four dol-
lars has been allowed in some instances. . I do
not recollect in what portion of the country. I
think time will be saved by the printing of the
amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to the
printing, if any gentleman really desires to ex-
amine the amendments more thoroughly. As to
this particular item, 1 think the gentleman is mis-
taken. All the lines run in that section of coun-
try have been paid for at that rate.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I think we had bet-
ter act upon the amendments to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a special order for
to-morrow. It is very desirable that this bill should
be acted on, unless there is some matter in these
amendments which deserves more serious consid-
eration. There will have to be a committee of
conference if the House agrees to the recommend-
ations of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
then all these matters can be considered.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I do not wish to press
my suggestion; but it is the wish of gentlemen
aiound me that the amendments shall be printed,
in ordci that they may see what they are.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington. There is
an amendment appropriating $50,000 for the mak-
ing of a treaty with the Nez Perces which is re-
ported adversely on by the Committee of Ways
and Means, in which my constituents are inter-
ested. I trust that when the House come to un-
derstand the facts they will not concur in the
recommendation of the committee. This appro-
priation is recommended by the Indian depart-
ment with the knowledge that that department
has before it. It is necessary that this treaty
should be made, both for the interests of the whites
and the interests of the Indians. What facts the
Committee of Ways and Means had before them
which induced them to recommend a non-concur-
rence in the amendment, I know not. If there is
an Indian tribe on this continent that has a claim
upon the consideration of the American people
and the American Congress, it is this tribe of Nez
Perces. They have always been our friends,
under all circumstances and in all contingencies.
They have never yet been known to raise their •
hands against us. When the first white men,
Lewis and Clark, made their appearance among
those Indians in making their exploration across
the American continent, they were received with
kindness, were treated as friends, and the prop-
erty which they left behind them taken care of
until their return. *
During our late Indian difficulties, in the years
1855 and 1856, when the whites found themselves
surrounded in every direction by hostile Indians,
and when the Governor of the Territory of Wash-
ington, with a small escort of whites, was return-
ing from the Blackfeet region, the Nez Perces,
knowing the hostile character of the Indians
through whose territory he had to pass, came for-
ward with a strong escort, and conducted him
safely through the territory of the hostile Indians.
On another and memorable occasion, when Col-
onel Steptoe's command was defeated by the hos-
tile Indians, and when it retreated ana reached
the Snake river without any means of crossing it,
the command would have been entirely cut off
had it not been for the assistance rendered by the
Nez Perces. They came forward of their own
accord, and saved the remnant of that commandi
although the hostile tribes were using every influ-
ence to induce the Nez Perces to engage in hostil-
ities against us. We have entered into a treaty
with that friendly tribe, one of the obligations of
which is that the whites shall not trespass on
their reservation. This is an obligation solemnly
assumed by the American people. It is one which
we have to make good. We have evidence com-
ing to us from official sources that, in consequence
of the late discovery of gold mines in the reserva-
tion of the Nez Perces, there are now one thou-
sand whites there against the wishes of the In-
dians. What must the Government of the United
States do?
There are but three courses for the Government
to pursue. It must either make its treaty stipu-
lations good by forcibly expelling these whites—
and by the time that arrangements can be made
for that purpose there will be at least one hundred
thousand whites there—the alternative is to adopt
the proposition of the Senate and have a treaty
made with the Nez Perces for the purchase of
their reservation by the Government. Otherwise
the Government of the United States must ignore
entirely its treaty stipulations with the Nez Perces.
The proposition of the Senate, in compliance with
the suggestion of the Indian department, is to
make an appropriation of $50,000 for the purpose
of negotiating such a treaty. There is no mem-
ber that can have a doubt as to the disastrous
result that will ensue if the House refuse to act
in this matter, and to act speedily. It must result
in a collision between the whites and the Indians,
and to bring upon us another Indian war. It is
desired both by the whites and the Indians that
such a war shall be avoided, and it certainly is
the interest of the Government to avoid it. In a
pecuniary point of view, also, it seems to be the
interest of the United States that this appropria-
tion shall be made. If it be not, and if an Indian
war shall be inaugurated, it will involve the ex-
penditure-of millions of dollars. Is this House
prepared for that? The people in that section of
country are situated differently from the people
of other sections. They are there by the invita-
tion of the Government, and not only that, but a
bonus has been offered to settlers there, and that
too before the title of the Indians to the lands was
extinguished. The Government of the United
