1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
him delivered to such collector; and upon such payment
and delivery of such schedule, list, or statement, said col-
lector or deputy collector shall grant to such person paying
such duty or tax a receipt or receipts for the same in dupli-
cate, which j-hall be piepared as is hereinafter provided;
such receipt or leceipts, duly signed and delivered hy such
collectoi or deputy collector, shall be sufficient evidence to
entitle the person who paid such duty or tax as having taken
the buidcn or trust of administering such property or per-
sonal estate to be allowed for such payment by the person
or persons entitled to the beneficial inteicst in respect to
which .such tax or duty was paid ; dud such peison admin-
istering such pioperty or personal estate shall be credited
and allowed such payment by every tribunal which, by the
laws of any State or Territory, is or may be empowered to
decide upon and settle the accounts of executois and ad-
ministrators; and in case such person who has taken the
burden or tiust of administering upon any such property or
personal estate shall refuse or neglect to pay the atoresaul
duty or tax to the collector or deputy collectors aloiesaid,
within the time heteinbcfoic piovided, or shall neglect or
retuse to deliver to said collector or deputy collector the
schedule, hst, or statement of such legacies, propeity, 01
peisonal estate under oath, as aforesaid, or shall deliver to
said collectoi or deputy collectoi a false schedule or state-
ment of such legacies, property, or personal estate, or give
the names and lelationsbip ot' the peisons entitled to ben-
eficial interests therein unuuly, or shall not tiuly and cor-
rectly set forth and state therein the clear value of such
beneficial interest, oi where no administiation upon such
propeity or personal estate shall have been gi anted or al-
lowed under existing laws, the pioper officer of the United
States shall commence such pioceedmgs in lawoi equity
before any court of the United States as may be propei and
necessaiy toentoice and realize the lien 01 chaige upon such
ptopeity or personal estate, or anypait thereof, lor which
such tax or duty has not been truly and justly paid. Under
such proceedings the rate of duty or tax entoieed shall be
the highest rate imposed or assessed by this act, and shall
be in the name ot the United States against such person or
persons as may have the actual or constructive custody or
possession of such piopeuy or personal estate, or any part
theieof, and shall subject such property or personal estate,
01 any poition of the same, to be sold upon the judgment
or deei ee of Mich couit,and fiom the proceeds of «uch sale,
the amount of such tax or duty, together with all costs and
expenses ot every description "to be allowed by such court,
shall be fiist paid, and the balance, it any, deposited ac-
coidtng to theoidei of suchcouit, to he paid under its direc-
tion to such poison or persons as shall establish theii law-
lul title to the same. The deed or deeds, or any pioper con-
veyance of such piopeity or peisonal estate, or any poi tion
theieof, so sold under such judgment or decree, executeu
by the officci lawfully chaigcd with eairymg the same into
effect, shall vest in the putchaser theieof conclusive title
to the propeity or peisonal estate sold under and by virtue
of such judgment or deeiee, and shall release eveiy other
poiuon of such propeity and personal estate from the lien
or chaige thereon cieated by this act. And every person
or persons who shall have nniis possession, chaige, or cus-
tody, any record, file, or paper containing, or supposed to
contain, any infoiinatton concerning such piopeuy oi per-
sonal estate, as aforesaid, passing from any person who may
die, as aloiesaid, shall exhibit the same at the lequest of
the collector of the revenue, 1ns deputy or agent, and to any
law officer of the United States, in the periormance of his
duty under this act, his deputy or agent, who mav desire to
examine the same; and it any such person having in his
possession, chaige, oi custody, any such record-*, files, or
papers, shall leftist* or neglect to exhibit the same on re-
quest, as atoresaul, he shall foifeit and pa> the sum of §500;
and in case of any delinquency m making the schedule, list,
or statement, or in the payment of the duty or tax accruing,
or which should acciue theieon, the assessment and collec-
tion shall be made as provided lor m the geneiai provisions
of this act.
Mr. STEVENS moved to strike out the words
" conclusive title," in the seventy-fifih line, and
in lieu thereof to insert " title of the delinquents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi*. WHITE, of Indiana. In the first part of
this section it is provided that this tax shall be a
lien and charge upon the estate of the deceased.
The settlement of an estate may extend overyears,
and it seems to me that the security of the Govern-
ment is ample by holding the executors or adminis-
trators alone, without subjecting the real property
to the lien. 1 move to amend, therefore, by striking
out all after the word " that,''in the first hue, down
to the word " and," in the fifth line, as follows:
The tax or duty aforesaid shall be a lien and charge upon
the property of every peison who may die, as a'oresaid,
until the same shall be fully paid to and discharged by the
United States.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wish to add a proviso
to this section providing that the deed shall be
prima facie evidence of the facts recited therein,
and that the conditions of the law have been com-
plied with by the officeis of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think there is any
objection to that amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I offer the following
proviso, to come in at the end of the section:
Protitled. In all legal controversies where such deed or
title shall be the subject of judicial investigation, the «ie-
citnl of said deed shall be piesumed to be true, and that the
requirements? of this law shall have been complied with by
the otficeis of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, STEVENS. It may be remembered, that
at the suggestion of the gentleman from Rhode
Island, we passed over sections thirteen, sixteen,
and twenty-two, in order that we might agree to
the form of an amendment to be inserted. I hope
now the committee will agree to go back and act
upon the amendments which we agreed upon but
had not drawn up.
The CHAIRMAN. If there are no further
amendments to this section, the committee will,
if there be no objection, go back to the consider-
ation of sections thirteen, sixteen, and twenty-
two.
No objection being made, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the sections indi-
cated.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out all after
the word " reside," in the tenth line of section
thirteen, as follows:
And it shall be the duty of the assistant assessors, in all
such cases, to transmit such lists, at the time and in the
inannei prescribed for the transmission of the lists of The
objects of taxation lying and being within their respective
assessment districts to the assessor of the collection dis-
trict wherein the said objects of duty or taxation shall lie
or be immediately after the receipt thereof; and the said
lists shall be valid and sufficient for the purposes of this act.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And it shall be the duty of the assistant assessor who re-
ceives any such list to transmit the same to the assistant as-
sessor wheie such object of taxation was situated, who shall
examine such list, and if he approve of the same, he shall
return it to the assistant assessor trom whom he received it,
with Ins approval thereof; and if he fails to approve the same,
he shall makesuch alteration theienias he may deem to be
just and proper, and shall then return such list, with such
alteration therein, or addition thereto, to the assistant as-
sessor from whom he received the said list; and the assist-
ant assessor where the person liable to pay such tax resides,
shall piocced in making the assessment of the tax upon the
list by him so received, m all respects, as if the said list
had been made out by himself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I now move to amend the
sixteenth scction by inserting after the word
" known," in the eighteenth line, the following:
And the a^istant assessor making out any such sepaiate
Int «hall transmit therefiom to the. assistant a^ses^or where
the peison liable to pay such tax lesides or shall have his
pnnciple place ot business, copies of the list of pioperty
held by pei?ons so liable to pay such tax, to the end that the
taxes assessed under the piovisions of this act may be paid
within the collection district wheie the poisons liable to
pay the same may reside or have their places of business.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word " and," at the end of the
eighteenth line of the same section, the words " in
all other cases;" so as to make that part of the
scction harmonize with the amendment we have
just adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the committee to offer an amend-
ment in reference to furs. The gentleman who
made the proposition originally in regard to that
matter consents to the modification, and I think it
will meet with the unanimous approval of the
committee. I presume it was not the intention of
the committee to tax the raw material, but to tax
the manufactured article; and, therefore, I desire
to make the matter explicit. The original prop-
osition was to tax furs five per cent., provided the
tax should not take effect until the expiration of
the reciprocity treaty. I move to strike that out,
and insert, " on furs of all descriptions made up
and manufactured, three per cent, ad valorem."
No objection being made, the amendment was
received, and agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend section twen-
ty-two by striking out the words " the State,"m
line twentieth,and inserting " ornearest the" col-
lection county where the property is situated; so
that the clause shall read:
To be published for twenty days in at lea«*t one of the
newspapers published in or nearest the collection county
wheie the piopeity is situated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not think this section
is necessary in the present state of the bill. The
amendments we have adopted obviate the neces-
sity of this section. But I will move to amend,
m the fourth line, by inserting, after the word
<k district," the words 44 and not being or having
some place of business within the United States;"
so that the clausc will read:
That with respect to property lying within any collection
district, not owned or occupied, or supeiintended by some
person residing in such collection district, and not being or
having some place of business within the United States,
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to strike
out the words "atleast,"in the twentieth line,so
as to confine the publication to one newspaper.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. As this clause provides
for the selling of property outside of the district,!
think it is proper that a notice should be published
in the place where the property is, and also in one
place outside of the county where it is located.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to offer an amendment to
scction two. It is to add at the end of the section
the following proviso:
Provided, That the number of districts in any State shall
not excced the number of members of Congress to which
such State shall be entitled.
No objection being made, the amendment was
received.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The second section of the
bill gives to the President of the United States
discretion to lay off the United States into as many
districts for the collection of the revenue as he
may think proper. The object of my amendment
is to make this bill in that respect conform to all
other legislation upon that subject. Looking at
internal revenue laws, I find that a provision has
always been inserted that Congress should pre-
scribe the districts, and they have prescribed the
boundaries according to the divisions which the
Legislatures of the States have made for Repre-
sentatives in Congress. Now, the amendment
only provides that the number of collectors shall
not exceed the number of Representatives in Con-
gress. If it were possible to suppose that there
might be some abuse of this power—which I do
not pretend to say there would be—there should
be some such limitation as this. It is well enough
to keep within the prescribed limits of our prede-
cessors. As the bill now stands it is in the power
of the President to lay off a State into fifteen,
twenty, thirty, iifty, or sixty districts, and to ap-
point a collector in every one. One collector to
each district is as many as the public service will
require. The President may, under my amend-
ment, make one district of two States; but cer-
tainly there ought not to be more districts in a
State than that State has Representatives here.
If some such limitation as this is not made, the
country may be divided into so many districts that
the percentage allowed for collecting the revenue
will amount to a great deal more than gentlemen
suppose.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better piffs
the amendment at once. It appears to be reason-
able.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word " pro-
vided," and inserting " thereshali beone collector
appointed to every twenty thousand inhabitants."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Wickliffe's
amendment.
Mr. BLAKE. I hope that amendment will not
prevail. I think it would be very unwise to make
the districts so large.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to go back to section sev-
enty-two, on page 69, for the purpose of offering
an amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. STRATTON". I move to insert, after the
word "corn," in line sixty-eight, the words "or
wheat." It is to make the duty on starch man-
ufactured from wheat the same as that on starch
manufactured from corn.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask unani-
mous consent that the Clerk or the printer be al-
lowed to number correctly the sections and para-
graphs which have been passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk has that priv-
ilege under parliamentary usage.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I ask the con-
sent of the committee to go back to the eighth sec-
tion for the purpose of making a slight amend-
ment, to winch I am sure no one will object.
There was no objection.
