1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
A new jail in the city of Washington is greatly
needed.
The old jail is now crowded with more than
double the number of persons of different colors
and sexes than can be kept there with any regard
to cleanliness or health. It is unfit for the pur-
poses of a jail, and wholly inadequate to the de-
mands made upon it. An appropriation for the
erection of a new jail should be made by Con-
gress.
public printing.
The change in the manner of executing the
public printing, adopted by the last Congress, lias
been eminently successful. Under the direction
of the present efficient Superintendent, the work
has been performed with more dispatch and at
less cost to the Government than at any previous
tsme.
The system of executing the public printing in
an office owned and controlled by the Government
was commenced on the 4th of March last. All
the public printing and binding has not, since (.hat
time, been executed in the Government officc, for
the reason that unexpired contracts have con-
trolled a part of it.
The report of the Superintendent will show the
cost to the Government of the work already exe-
cuted, and what would have been its cost under
the prices established by the law of 185:2.
It will be seen that there wasa saving of $21,127 95
on so much of the printing of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress as was done in his office, and $3,628 66
on that of the first session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress.
On the printing for the Executive Departments
the saving amounts to fifty per cent.
Upon the binding for the Executive Depart-
ments there has been a saving of about $1,000 per
month; but the binding for the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress having been done under a contract existing
at the time the Government printing office was
established, there has been no opportunity to show
what might have been saved on that woilc.
The expenditures for paper, printing, binding,
engraving, and lithographing have heretofore con-
stituted a very large item in the expenses of the
Government. The orders of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress for these objects involved an expendi-
ture of $1,586,407 53. Of this amount$390,679 72
was paid tor printing, $317,9527 92 for engraving
and lithographing, and £>364,999 84 for binding.
To this should be added the cost of the Daily and
Congressional Globe for the same Congress, which
was $257,904 28, and the printing for the Execu-
tive Departments for the same time, $152,883 04,
making the whole expenditure for the two years
$1,996,194 85. The cost of engraving and litho-
graphing, from August, 1652, to December, 1858,
was $892,139 59. "This woik can be done much
more economically under the direction of the Su-
perintendent of the Public Printing than by the
present contract system. The Superintendent can
as well control and direct this part of the wuik as
the printing, and without additional expense. At
leastfifty per cent, of the present cost of engraving
and lithographing can be saved by having it exe-
cuted in the Government printing office.
hospital for the insane.
The accompanying repoi ts of the boaid of vis-
itors and superintendent of the Government hos-
pital for the insane furnish full information of
the progress and condition of this valuable and
beneficent institution. Too much praise cannot
be awarded to Dr. C. II. Nichols, the superintend-
ent, for the ability and fidelity with which he has
executed the important and delicate trusts con-
fided to his charge.
The appropiiations made by Congress for the
erection of the buildings and the improvement of
the grounds have been expended with judgment
and economy.
The buildings are spacious, well ventilated and
warmed; admirably arianged with every conven-
ience necessary for the health aud comfort of pa-
tients, and in every respect are well adapted for
the purposes for which they were designed. The
grounds are in a fine state of improvement, and
•with but a small additional appropriation, the
whole may be completed and rendered an object
of just pride to the country.
Since the institution was opened, in 1855, 439
poisons have been treated. The number of pa-
tients in the house on the 30th June, 1861, was
180, classified as follows: Prom the Army, 25;
from the Navy, 11; from the revenue cutter ser-
vice, 1; from civil life, males 71, and females,
72.
Of the inmates during the last fiscal year, 19
died, 63 were discharged, of whom 15 had so far
improved that they could be safely removed, and
48 were completely recovered. The large pro-
portion of patic-nts who were discharged as recov-
ered, (which was fifty per centum of the admis-
sions,) furnishes ample evidence of the skill and
care of the treatment observed.
The existing insurrection has thrown upon this
institution laigely increased burdensand respons-
ibilities. Duimg the first quarter of the current
fiscal year, the admissions from the Army and
Navy have been equal to four fifths of the whole
numbcrof all classesadmitteddurmg the previous
year. But, in addition to the duties imposed upon
him by law, Dr. Nichols has generously, with
the approbation of this Department, appropriated
a portion of the building, with the services ofhim-
self and his assistant, for the accommodation of
the sick and wounded of the Potomac and Ches-
apeake fleets.
As many as fifty persons of this class have been
under treatment at one time. These extraordinary
demands upon the resources of the institution will
furnish ample reason for the request for slightly
increased appropriations by Congress.
columbian institution for tiie deaf and dumb
and the blind.
This institution was organized in 1857. The
number of pupils at the close of the first year was
but 17. At the close of the last fiscal year the
number was 35. The whole resources of the
institution amount to but $8,126 19, of which
$6,425 94 was appropriated by Congress. With
such limited means but small results could be
expected; but from the great liberality of the
Hon. Amos Kendall, president of the board of
directors, and his watchful care of the interests
of the institution, much good has been accom-
plished.
The means of the institution have not been suf-
ficient for the instruction of the pupils in horticul-
ture, agriculture, and the mechanic arts. Instruc-
tion in these blanches of industry is important, to
prepare them to earn their own subsistence.
Additional appropriations to furnish the insti-
tution with the means to supply this deficiency in
the instruction of the pupils are asked for by the
board of directors, and are recommended to the
favorable consideration of Congress.
The buildings now occupied do not afford the
necessary space and accommodations for the num-
ber of pupils who now occupy them. An appro-
priation is asked for by the board of direetois to
make some additions which aie greatly needed,
and which I hope will be favorably considered.
The reports of the president of the board of di-
rectors, and of the superintendent, arc referred to
for detailed information.
metropolitan police.
The metropolitan police, authorized by an act of
Congress of August 6, 1861, has been organized
in accordance with the provisions of the law.
The report of the board is herewith presented.
They recommend several amendments to the law,
and an incictise of compensation, with an addi-
tional number of officers. The organization has
been so recently effected, that time has not been
given to fairly test the sufficiency of the force em-
ployed, or the wisdom of the several provisions of
the law. The views of the board are fully ex-
plained in their report, and the whole subject
should be referred to Congress, for such action as
they may deem proper.
penitentiary of tiie district.
The number of convicts confined in the peni-
tentiary on the 30th September, 1861, was 358:
jl classified as follows: white males, 96; colored
! males, 54; white females, 2; colored females, 6.
1 One hundred and nine were natives of the United
States, and 49 were uffoieign birth.
Seventy-three convicts were received during the
past year, and 74 discharged—61 by theexpiration
of the term of sentence, 13 by pardon of the
Piesidcnt.
Ninety-six of the convicts are employed in the
manufacture of shoes, and 25 in that of brooms.
The others are employed in various branches of
labor necessary to provide for the wants of the
con viclsand to keep the buildings in a proper con-
dition of repair anu cleanliness.
The expenses of the penitentiary during the
fiscal year ending June 30,1861, were $32,741 26.
Of this sum $9,987 46 was received from sales of
the products of the labor of the convicts; show-
ing an excess of expenditures over receipts of
$22,753 77.
It is evident that a considerable portion of this
expense has been occasioned by improper man-
agement of the institution. This is shown by the
great difference in the amount of the expendi-
tures made by the present warden and those made
by his predecessor during a corresponding period.
The present warden entered upon his duties on
the 12th April, 1861. From October 1, 1860, to
that time—a period of six and a half months—
there was expended forclothing, provisions,'fuel,
and lights, and hospital stores, $13,118 50; for
the same articles there was expended, from April
12 to October 1,18G1—a period of five and a half
months—$4,566 70.
Under the administration of the present warden
the labor of the convicts has been made produc-
tive. In the shoe manufactory, from April 12 to
September 30, the receipts wore $1,963 01 more
than the cost of material and all other expenses,
except the labor of the convicts. In the broom
manufactory, for the same period, the receipts
exceeded the expenditures $710 78.
The income from the labor of the convicts can,
doubtless, under prudent management, he largely
increased; but whether the institution can be made
self-sustaining is a matter of much doubt.
The board of inspectors, who are gentlemen of
ability and cxpeilenee, think there arc general
causes for the inability of the institution to sustain
itself, which are not likely to be obviated. Their
report explains in detail their views.
The penitentiary buildings are very badly
adapted to the purposes for which they were con-
structed. Circumscribed in extent, inconveniently
arranged, and illy ventilated, they are much infe-
rior to the prisons of most of the States. It can
hardly be expected, however, that Congress, in
the present condition of the country, will author-
ize the erection of new buildings; but while the
old ones may be used for several years, and until
the condition of the Treasury will better justify
the expenditure necessary to erect new ones, the
health and comfort of the prisoners, and the con-
venience of all connected with the institution, re-
quire that an expenditure for improvements should
be made, at least sufficient to introduce gas and
the Potomac, water. This can be done at a com-
paratively small cost, and an appropriation by
Congress for that purpose is earnestly recom-
mended .
I desire, in conclusion, to commend to your
favorable notice the fidelity and zeal with which
the vauous officers of the Depat tment have dis-
charged the public trusts committed to them.
Their several reports herewith show the extent
of their labors, and exhibit a highly satisfactory
condition of the business of the different branches
of the Department.
I have tiie honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH, >
Secretary of the Interior.
The President.
Report, of tiie Secretary of "War.
War Department, December 1, 1861.
Sir: I have the honor to submit the annual
report of this Department.
The accompanying reports of the chiefs of the
several bureaus present the estimates of the ap-
propriations requited for the seivice of this De-
paitment during the fiscal year ending .Tune 30,
1863, and also the appropriations necessary to
cover deficiencies in the estimates for 1861-02.
The followingstatement presents the entire es-
