THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2.
, PAY OF VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. KELLOGGr, of Michigan, introduced a
bill providing that officers of volunteers shall be
paid upon the pay-roilsof the regiments and com-
panies to which they belong; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
ENLARGEMENT OF A LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE introduced a bill to en-
large the Lake Superior land district in the State
of Michigan; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
SETTLEMENT OT ACCOUNTS.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois, introduced a bill
to authorize the Solicitor of the Treasury to set-
tle and adjust certain demands due the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
POST OFFICE ACCOUNTS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, introduced a bill
to authorize the Postmaster General to adjust and
settle demands of the Post Office Department
against persons indebted to the Department;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Oifice and
Post Roads.
EMANCIPATION OF ROBERT SMALL AND OTHERS.
Mr. LOYEJOY introduced a joint resolution
for the emancipation of Robert Small and others;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
POST ROUTE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLFAX introduced a bill makingappro-
priations to put postal service upon the post
routes established at the present session of Con-
gress; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
MEMORIAL OF VIRCINIA.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present the memoiiul of
the Slate of Virginia in reference to a new State
west of the Alleghany mountains.
Mr. COX. I object, and call for the regular
order of business,
The SPEAKER. The business in order is the
call of the States for the introduction of bills and
resolutions for reference.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and resolutions of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same;
An act (H. R. No. 189) for the survey of grants
or claims of land;
An act (H. R- No. 459) to allow the State of
California an additional Representative in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress;
An act (S. No. 272) to establish a land office in
Colorado Territory;
An act (H. R. No. 476) abolishing certain col-
lection districts and reducing compensation of
officers ofcustoms in California;
An act (S. No 43) to pieventand punish fraud
on the part of officers intrusted with making con-
tracts for the Government; and
An act (H. R. No. 389) to establish ccrtain
post routes, and for other purposes.
MINT IN COLORADO.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which'was read, considered, and
agreed to:
ftcsoJi'etf,That the Secretary of the Treasury bo requested
to furnUh any iiifoimatmn that may be in hi* po>session, in
reference to tlio expediency or nece&^ty lor the establish-
ment of a branch of the Mint of the United Statc< in the
- Teriitoiy-of Nevada ; and aho to inform tlx- Hou>e whether
or not, in his judgment, -such meu-urr.s would advance the
public mteiCifs and public convenience.
BUREAU OF MINJiUALOGY.
Mr. BENNET submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read,considered,and agreed to:
VVberoa* it i«deem*<I important to facilitate theearlvand
economical development of the mineral icsourues \>f the
eountiy, and (Specially of the precious metals known to
exist i" great quantities in the Roeky mountain rpnge and
in nearly all the ranges of mountains in the western part of
the continent: Therefore, for the purpose of organizing all
the aids of science and experience, and collecting and dis-
seminating reliable information in regard to this compara-
tively neglected source of the wealth of the country,
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to inquire into the utility and feasibility of estab-
lishing a Bureau of Mineralogy, and report by bill or other-
wise.
WHITE LAKE AND LAKE MICHIGAN CANAL.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, submitted the
following resolution j which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and it
is hereby, instructed to inquire into the practicability and
expediency of cutting a canal Through the bank ot" sand
which separates White Lake from Lake Michigan, with
the view of improving White Lake as a harbor for vessels
engaged in the lake commerce, wrth liberty to report by
bill or otUerwise.
CHARLES B. SHIRLEY.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims:
Resolved, That Charles B. Shirley, employed under res-
olution of August 16,1856, is entitled to his compensation
as fixed by the Committee of Accounts or' Thirty- Poui th
Congress, and that the Clerk be directed to pay the same
out of the contingent fund of the House.
BARK GENERAL BXJRNSIDE.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up and consider a
bill to change the name of the bark duebec, late
of Kingston, Canada, to General Burnside, of
Clayton, New York. Three fourths of the value
of the vessel is in the shape of the repairs that
have been made upon her in the United States.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to this particu-
lar bill, but I would much prefer that the Com-
mittee on Commerce, of which the gentleman is
chairman, should report a general law on the
subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There was a general
law on the subject, but it led to such abuses that
Congress was obliged to repeal it.
Mr. COX. 1 do not make any objection to the
present bill.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be engiosscd, and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly lead the third
time, and passed.
BOUNTY LAND TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit the following im-
perative resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be di-
rcctrd, at th« carhn->t practicable period, to repott to the
House a bill to the effect following :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the provision of an act entitled "An act m addition to cer-
tain acts granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the tfuhtaiy service of the United
State!.," approved March 3, 1855, be, and the same are
heieby, extended to the suiviving otficers, soldier*, and sea-
men who have been or may hereafter be engaged in the
mihtaiy and naval seivice of the United States during the
piesent civil war, and the widows and childien of such a 
have died liom wounds incurred or disease contracted while
in such set vice: Provided, however, That such sei vice -shall
have extended to a peuod of not less than sixty days.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I propose to discuss that res-
olution.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I have the floor, and I de-
mand the previous question on its adoption.
On sustaining the previous question there were
—ayes 20, noes 21.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman and
Lovejoy were appointed.
The previous question was not seconded, the
telleis having reported—ayes 25, noes 77.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the resolution be
leferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
QUIETING OF MAINE LAND TITLES. •
Mr. PIKE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the Committee of the "Whole be
dischaiged from the further consideration of House
bill No. 399, to provide for the quieting of certain
land tides in the late disputed territory m the State
of Maine, and for other purposes, and that it be
now put upon its passage.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill provides:
That the £fc:cietaiy of the Tieasury be, and he is hereby,
authotized and teqiiired to pay, out of any money in the
Trea^uiynot otherwiseappiopnated,to LauiaA. Stebbnis,
of Bangor, in the State of Maine; Catherine C. Ward, of
Roxbury, in the State of Massachusetts ; Rufus Mansur,of
Houlton, in the State of Maine, and James A. Drew, of
Chelsea, in the State of Massachusetts, the sum of $3,353
each, being, in all, the sum of 4^13,432, in full compensa-
tion for throe thousand three hundred and fifty-three acre3
of land, including the Limber previously taken therefrom,
in the half township in the State of Maine granted by the
State of Massachusetts to the late General Eaton, and called
the Eaton grant, to which said parties lost title by the op-
eration of the fourth aiticie of the treaty of 9th August, 1842,
to settle and define the boundary between the United States
and the possessions of h.;r Britannic Majesty in North
Ameiiea: Provided, That the said Laura A. Stebbins, Cath-
erine C. Ward, Rufus Mansur, and James A. Drew shall
execute deeds ot release to the panics holding possessory,
or equitably possessory claims, to the said thiee thousand
three bundled and fifty-tlnec acres of laud, or any portion
theieof, as desenbed in the reports made to the Governor
and Council of Maine, by Ebenezer Hutchinson and others,
commissioners undei a resolution passed by the Legislature
of said State on the 12th day of Apiil, 1854, and theplan of
surveys accompanying said repoits, and of record in the
land office of said State: Jlndprovided, also, That it shall
appear to the satisfaction of the land agent of said State of
Maine that such deeds of release do effectually convey a
good title to said lands, except so far as said titles have been
affected by the operation of the treaty aforesaid : ind pro-
vided further, That if it shall appear to the said land agent
that the aforesaid parties are incompetent to make such
deeds of iclease to the whole of said lands, then they shall
be entitled to receive a pro rata only of the compensation
provided in thin act for rfo much thereof as they shall con-
vey as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary be,
and he is heieby, authorized and lequired to pay out ot any
unapnropiiated money in the Treasury, to Edmond Monroe
and Benjamin Sevvall, of Boston, in the State of Massachu-
setts, the sum ot §'13,540, in the pioportion of three fouiths
thereof to the former, and one fourth to the lattei, in full
compensation for three thousand three hundred and eighty-
five acres of land, including the timber previously taken
therefiom, in the western half of Plymouth township, so
called, in the State of Maine; and the sum of $6,768 to
Rufus Mansur, of Houlton, Maine, and James A. Diew, of
Chelsea, Massachusetts, in full compensation for sixteen
hundred and ninety-two acres of hmd,iucluding the timber
previously taken therefiom, in the eastern half of said town-
ship, to which the said parties seveially lost title by the
operation of the fourth articleof the aforesaid treaty: Pro-
vuled, That the regulations, restrictions, and pi ovisions con-
tained in the piovisoes to the fiist section ot this bill,shall be
made, to all intents and purposes, applicable to this section.
Sec. 3. j3nd be zt further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasuiy be, and he is hereby, dnected to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
Laura A. Stehbins, of Bangor, Blaine, and Catharine C.
Ward, of Dorchester, Massachusetts, the sum of $6,647, and
to Edmund Monroe and Benjamin Sevvall, of the city of
Boston, in Massachusetts, the sum of $7,63.5, in the piopor-
tion of tinee fouiths of the same to said Monroe, and one
fourth to said Sewall; and to James A. Drew, of Chelsea,
Massachusetts, and Rufus Mansur, of Houlton. Maine, the
sum of #9,328; the said several sums being m full compete
sation, at the rate of one dollar per acre for timber taken
from lands owned by said parties respectively, and located
in the Eaton giant and Plymouth town-hip, so called, in
the State of Maine, and within the distiiet recognized as
the disputed territory, and which timber was taken off and
los-t to the proprietors in consequence of the diplomatic
airangement entered into between the United'States and
Great Britain, in 1832, by which both parties agreed to ab-
stain from the exercise of juusdiction in said terntory : Pto-
tided, That the pavments authorized and required by this act
may be made, m whole or in part, at the option of the Sec-
retary of the Treasuiy, in any of the bonds of the United
States, bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, per an-
num, which have been, or may hereafter be, authoiizcd by
law to be issued.
Mr. PIKE. This bill provides for the payment
to certain parties for land taken under the provis-
ions of the Ashburton treaty, By the fourth arti-
cle of that treaty, paities on the land in the dis-
puted territory, when they were there by permis-
sion of either party, should remain undisturbed
in their possessions, and the Government, on each
side, should provide for the payment to the own-
ers of the land. This Plymouth township was a
part of that disputed territory, and certain parties
were there by permission of the British Govern-
ment. They were, therefore, included under the
fourth article of the treaty. It has been decided
in one State, in the case of Little vs. Watson, that
the provisions of the treaty have the effect to change
title to the land it affects. That case concerned a
strip of land which was taken from the owner by
virtue of the treaty, and the owner, Mr. Little,
afterwards applied to Cor-gress and obtained an
appropriation of $1,000 to pay him for his loss of
title. That forms a precedent for this appropri-
tion. This case has been reported upon favorably
in several previous Congresses, and at this ses-
sion a member of the Committee on Claims, Mr.
Walton, of Vermont, has made an able report
upon the subject.
Mr, E. A. COXKLING. I understand that
there is a report in this case stating all the facts,
and I hope that the gentleman from Maine will
permit it to be read.
Mr. PIKE. I will yield for that purpose.
