514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
are affected by the war, have the right here to limit
the powers that he shall exercise upon just such
subjects as we see fit, just as we please, and when
we please; and because, in my judgment, he has not
this unlimited power to exercise, except from ne-
cessity, when we fail to act, the duty is devolved
upon us of prescribing the rules under which he
shall act, and therefore I have brought forward
this bill.
I know lawyers may differ as to how far the
Executive may go upon the dormant powers that
lie may possess in the Constitution when they are
not called forth by legislation. I do not want to
leave any doubt upon the subject, but I wish to
subject him to the will of the people, expressed
through the enactments of Congress. The Sen-
ator differs from me. He thinks we ought not
to legislate at all. If I understand him aright, he
seems to suppose that when Congress have fur-
nished the Pi esident with " the sinews of war,"
with " material aid;" have supplied him with an
Army provisioned, armed, and equipped, we have
nothing to do but to He down and let him act as he
pleases: if he goes according to our wishes, well;
if not, we have no power to restrain him. I do
not believe that is the true doctrine of the Con-
stitution. I believe that the representatives of the
people in Congress have the power to legislate on
these war principles; and if we have the power it
ia our duty to exercise it.
As to the second section of this bill, Senators
may differ. The question which it involves has
been up two or three times during the session, and
has been debated in this body. The action of the
Senate has been in accordance with the power that
is claimed in the bill, to subject those persons who
interfere with the operations of the Army in the
field lo the rules and articles of war. I believe it
has always been understood that they may be thus
subjected. They are men who are in conllictwith
the operations of the war power. They are ob-
structing tilc movement of your armies; they are
interfering with your military operations; and all
such persons have from tho outset been treated as
proper subjects for martial law. The Senator from
Maine says it will result 111 this absurdity, that
if a man undertakes to burn a bridge or destroy a
road over which your troops are passing, tho com-
manding officer of those troops may summon him
before a drum-head court-martial and punish him
directly. Why, sir, he does it now, and 1 think
he duej it rightly; and therefore 1 have put it in
this bill that he may do it. I think the Consti-
tution docs not interfere with his right to do it.
Such conduct is an interruption of the military
operations of your Government directly, not by
circuity. It ia interfering with the movements of
your troops and your armies, and 1 think that
under the Constitution such a man may be prop-
erlysubjected to martial law. Without that power
tile bill is entirely inefficient, especially m some
States of this Union, where we all know that a jury
cannot be summoned, and a judge cannot be ob-
tained to try such offenders. In communities
which are your enemies you give these oU'emU-is
uj) to jierfect immunity, unless you can punish
them in tins way; and 1 believe you can.
Mr. FESSENJJEN. My fiiend from Ohio has
affoided a beautiful commentary on what we might
have expected il we had passed his resolution and
gone into secret session. He lias made four
speeches on this question; the first three were, all
alike, and the first half of the fourth was the same,
and each of the four was over five minutes. I sup-
pose that the same difficulty would have existed in
secret session, and we should have had the same
effort from the bonoiable Senator. As for the
remaining halt of the last speech which the honor-
able Senator has made, he has put into my mouth
what I did not say, and he lias taken a great while
to answer it. Now, then, that he may fully un-
derstand me—and certainly if he had paid a little
attention to what I was saying, instead of think-
ing how he was going to make a speech against
me after 1 got through, he would not have" mis-
understood me—1 will restate my position; it is
plain and simple. Congress certainly has one
power with reference to this matter; it can declare
war, and it has that power exclusively; and after
it has an army, it may make rules and regulations
for the government of that army. Nobody denies
that. 1 (lid not undertake to say that the Presi-
dent was not under the control of Congress with
respect to all those things which are within its
constitutional competency. Congress may make
rules and regulations for what ? " For the govern-
ment and regulation of the land and naval forces"
—for the conduct of your armies—for the conduct
of those who are enlisted—for all those things
which appertain to them. But under the power
to make rules and regulations for the government
of your Army, I should like to know if Congress
can pass a bill to provide for shooting those who
do not belong to your Army for an offense against
tho rules and regulations of the Army? That was
the difficulty which I suggested and which others
suggested with regard to the second section of the
biil.
There is a limit to the power of Congress over
the rights of the citizen. You must punish the
citizen, if you punish him at all, according to the
Constitution which gives you the power to pun-
ish him, and in no other way. If he belongs to
the Army, or is connected with it in such a way
as to subject himself to military law, punish him
without any other trial than such as is provided
by the rules and regulations of the Army, because
that is expressly excepted in the clause of the Con-
stitution relative to trial by jury; but if a man is
a citizen of the United States, not subject to the
rules and articles of war, he has a right to avail
himself of all the provisions of the Constitution;
whether there is war or peace, makes no differ-
ence. If you establish a different rule, you trifle
with the sacred trust put in your hands to protect
the people of the United States under the opera-
tion of the Constitution. That is what I said and
say now.
Moreover, sir, with reference to the exercise of
these powers, while I did not deny that Congress
had a certain authority with respect to the regu-
lation of your armies in the field, what I said was,
that in my judgment it was inexpedient in many
cases for Congress to exercise that power of in-
terference, and that all necessary authority could
be better exercised, with more force, with more
vigor by the Commander-in-Chief of your Army
and by the commanders under him in the abso-
lute command of divisions. I did not contend that
Congress must divest itself of all right. I began
that matter here early in this session, and stated
my views of the power of Congress, and the ne-
cessity that Congress should keep the most care-
ful watch and supervision over the whole conduct
of the Executive m regard to the management of
the war. The fact that we put my distinguished
friend at the head of the war committee is ample
proof, so far as I had any action in the matter, of
my desire to see that the President and all the
world were under that guardianship which was
most competent to take care of them.
1 said no such thing as is imputed to mo by the
gentleman,and ho might have spared thiseffusion
of patriotism in imputing to me those unpatriotic
sentiments.
Mr. WADE. Not unpatriotic. I understood
the Senator to say that ho differed entirely in prin-
ciple with me on this constitutional question.
Mr, h'ESSENDEN. No, sir; but differed in
principle upon the mode in which tile mattci should
be done. While you thought or seemed to think
(and in that I did not have so much reference
to my friend from Ohio as to others) that Con-
gress was to interfere and meddle by legislation
with all these questions, as to many of which the
right I did notdenyand had no thonghtof deny-
ing, I believed it was better in most of them that
Congress should abstain from legislation on points
so delicate, and leave war powers to be exercised
by those who duected war operations. That was
the extent to which I went; and therefore I said,
when my friend raised that point on me, he did
not rightly comprehend the position 1 took. It is
difference of opinion. I do not pretend that mine
is good for much; but be it worth much or little,
I have an unquestioned right to state it, even al-
though it may run a little in collision with my
friend's bill that comcs from his committee, for
which [ have the highest respect, of course.
1 meiely lose to set my friend right as to my
own understanding of the war power. Under-
standing it thus, I shall act on my convictions.
Mr. DOOLlfTLE. Mr. President, in the
course of tills discussion we have comc up against
the great question that divides the judicial minds
of the country, whether the power of suspending
the habeas corpus and of declaring martial law is
in the President or in Congress, If it is in the
President no legislation whatever would be neces-
sary, because the President can extend his mar-
tial law anywhere throughout the United States,
over every railroad in it; and any man who com-
mits an offense upon the railroad over which mar-
tial law is extended can be tried by martial law,
and shot at a drum-head court-martial. But in-
asmuch as there is a large and respectable portion
of the judicial minds of the country who believe
that it belongs to Congress to extend martial law
in the United States, therefore I understand this
committee, for greater security and caution, to
have both the authority of the President and the
authority of Congress, ask for the provisions of
this bill, which are nothing more nor less than to
extend martial law, or quasi martial law, over"the
railroads and telegraphs of the United States.
Why should we hesitate to give it? The Sen-
ator from Maine insists that the President has it
now. What harm is it, then, if Congress says he
shall have it? When the Senator from Ohio be-
lieves that that power must come from Congress
in order to clothe the President with the right to
exercise martial law over these railroads, why
shall notCongressgive it? Undoubtedly the power
exists under the Constitution in one or the other
department of the Government, or certainly in
both; and if it does exist, and no w is the occasion
for its use, and the Executive thinks that the pub-
lic safety requires that these railroads should be
subjected to military discipline and martial law,
why shall Congress hesitate a moment to give him
the power? The second section of the bill, it seems
to me, my honorable friend from Maine does not
understand precisely as I do. This section, as it
reads, is:
" That any attempt, by any party or parties whomsoever
to"—
do what? Not to refuse to be employed, but who
shall—
"resistor interfere with the unrestrained use by Govern-
ment of tho property described in the preceding section,
or any attempt to injure or destroy the property aforesaid,
shall be punished as a military offense by death, or such
other penalty as a court-martial may impose."
What is this? Your bill proposes to authorize
the President to take possession of any railroad;
and having taken possession of it, if any persons
interfere with it, what may he do? If they come
up with an armed force he can shoot them down
to begin with, and hold possession of the road;
but this section provides that if any party shall
undertake to interfere with the unrestrained use
by the Government of the road, then that party
may at once be arrested and tried as if the road
were in military possession. Why shall we stait
back and say there is no martial law existing m
our States? Take my State and the State of Maine,
a thousand miles away from where there is any
hostile conflict; have you not troops in Maine
already mustered into the service of the United
States, and are not the camps of your soldiers in
Maine under martial law; and if any persons in-
terfere with those soldiers there, cannot they be
tried and condemned according to the rules of
martial law for such interference? Cannot those
troops be moved from Maine under the rules of
martial law?
I have not myself, Mr. President, gone into a
discussion here, and I do not propose to go into
it, whether this power exists in Congress alone,
or in the Executive, or in the President under the
direction of Congress, to declare and extend mar-
tial law throughout the country; but I believe—
that is the best of my judgment—that the power
is——■
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Senator and myself
seem to travel in different directions. I did not
talk about martial law; I talked about military
necessity. I said that all these things could be
done by the President, or by any officer having
the command of an army in the field, and having
these things to do by virtue of the general rules
of war, if the military necessity existed. Martial
law is a very different part of speech.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I do not intend to con-
tinue the debate. I simply close by stating my
opinion that the Congress of the United States,
under the Constitution, makes the rules and reg-
ulations for tho government of the land and naval
forces and for the government of the militia which
is called out to put down an insurrection; that if
the Congress of the United States enacts a law in
reference thereto, the President is just as much
