16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1^
37IH CONG....2D SESS.
Meport of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
timated strength of the Army, both volunteers
and regulars;
Volunteers.
States.
California.
Connecticut.
Delaware.
Illinois.
Indiana.
Iowa.
Kentucky.,
Maine.
Maryland.
Massachusetts  
Michigan.
Minnesota 
Missouri..
New Hampshire.
New Jersey.
New York.
Ohio.
Pennsylvania...
KhodP Inland....
Vermont.
Virginia 
Wisconsin,
Kansas.
Colorado.
Nebraska.,
Nevada .
New Mexico.
District ol Columbia.
Estimated strength of
tlio rucuJ.ir Arm), in-
cluding the jh'vv en-
Ustmeuts under act of
Congress of JuJv 20,
mi
Total .
Three
months.
For the
war.
12,400
14,636
2.775
4.941
80,000
84.941
62.018
19.800
20.7)8
15.000
14,239
2G,7()0
30,iir>
28.r r>o
29.331
4,100
4,100
22,130
31 ,<m
9,000
10.979
3.008
12,110
10,18b
100,200
110.W8
o.23(>
81,205
91,4-11
19,199
113,i)")i)
7,183
8,000
12,000
14.1..3
14.94.)
5,000
1,000
1.000
2.500
1.000
2,b23
J ,000
3,823
640,637
□0,33 \
u ,87."  6G0,971 718.5
The several arms of the service are estimated
as follows:
Vol-
unteers?.
Regulars.
Affgie-
«ate.
Infantry.,, 
Cavalry   
Artillery 
RUlos and sharpshooters.
557,208
r>
20,3H0
8,395
11,175
4,7 H
4,308
 107*
5fi8,383
59,398
24,088
>*,395
107
G I0,fi.'l7
20,331
G(i0,!i71
The appropriations asked for the sei vice of the
next fiscal year are computed for a force of live
hundred thousand men. They have been reduced
to (he lowest possible amount consistent wttluhe
public interests, and are based upon a strictly
ccnnotufcal administration of the various branches
of this D epurtincnt.
Tile appiopriations to cover deficiencies are
rendered necessary by (he excess of tile force in
the fiehl over that upon which tho estimates were
founded, and by extraordinary expenditures con-
nected with the employment and discharge of the
three months' contingent.
An item of very heavy expense is the largo
mounted force which has been oigumzed, equipped
and made available since the called session of
Cong was, and which was not computed for in the
estimate. While ail increase of eavalry was un-
doubtedly necessary, it lias reached a numerical
strength more than adequate to the wants of the
service. As it can only be maintained at a great
cost, measures will be taken for its gradual reduc-
tion.
fn organizing our great Army, I was effectively
aided by the loyal Governors of the different
States, and f cheerfully acknowledge the prompt
patriotism with which they responded to tho call
of this Department.
Congress, during its extra session, authorized
the Army to be increased by the acceptance of a
volunteer force of five hundred thousand men,
and made an appropriation of $500,000,000for its
support. A call for the troops was immediately
made; but so numerous were the offers that it was
found difficult to discriminate in the choice, where
the patiiotism of the people demanded that there
should be no restriction upon enlistments. Every
portion of the loyal States desired to swell the
Army, and every community was anxious that it
should be represented in a cause that appealed to
the noblest impulses of our people.
So thoroughly aroused was the national heart,
that I have no doubt this force would have been
swollen to a million had not the Department felt
compelled to restrictit, in the absence of authority
from the Representatives of the people to increase
the limited number. It will be for Congress to
decide whether the Army shall be further aug-
mented, with a view to a more speedy termination
of the war, or whether it shall be confined to the
strength already fixed by law. In the latter case,
with the object of reducing the volunteer force to
five hundred thousand, I propose, with the con-
sent of Congress, to consolidate such of the regi-
ments as may from time to time fall below the
regulation standard. The adoption of this meas-
ure will decrease the number of officers, and
proportionally diminish the expenses of the
Army.
It is said of Napoleon, by Jomini, that, in the
campaign of 1815, that great general, on the 1st
of April, had a regular army of two hundred thou-
sand men. On the 1st of June, he had increased
this force to four hundred and fourteen thousand.
The like proportion, adds Jomini," had he thought
proper to inaugurate a vast system of defense,
would have raised it to seven hundred thousand
men by the 1st of September."
At the commencement of this rebellion, in-
augurated by the attack upon Fort Sumter, the J
entire military force at the disposal of this Govern-
ment was sixteen thousand and six regulars, prin-
cipally employed in the West to hold in check |
marauding Indians. In April, seventy-five thou- j
| sand volunteers were called upon to enlist for three |
months'service,and responded with such alacrity 1
that seventy-seven thousand eight hundred and [
seventy-five were immediately obtained. Under j
the authority of the act of Congress of July 22, j
1861, the States were asked to furnish five hun- :
dred thousand volunteers to serve for three years, j
or during tho war; and by the act approved the '
tJS)til of the same month, the addition of twenty- ]
| live thousand men lo tlie regular Army of the
] United States was authorized. The result is, that
we have now an Army of upwards of six hun-
dred thousand men. If we add to this the num-
ber of the discharged three months'volunteers,
the aggregate force furnished to the Government i
since April last exceeds seven hundred thousand i
! men. j
| We have here an evidence of the wonderful
j strength of our institutions. Without conscrip- I
] lions, levies, drafts, or other extraordinary expo- j
j dients, we have raised a greater force than that j
j which, gathered by Napoleon with tho aid of all [
i these appliances, was considered an evidence of I,
his wonderful genius and energy, and of the mili- !
tary spirit of the French nation. Hereevery mail |
has an interest in the Government, and rushes to j
its defense when dangers beset it. j
By reference to the records of the Revolution, j
it will be seen that Massachusetts, with a popu- I
lation of three hundred and fifty thousand, had ;
at one time fifty-six thousand troops in the field, !
or over one sixth of her entire people—a force '
greatly exceeding the whole number of troops
furnished by all the southern States during that
war. Should the present loyal States furnish
troops in like proportion, which undoubtedly
would be the case should any emergency demand
it, the Government could promptly put into the 1
field an army of over three million. [
_ It gives me great satisfaction to refer to the cred- j
itable degree of discipline of our troops, most of j
whom were, but a short time since, engaged in j
the pursuits of peace. They are rapidly attaining J
an efficiency which cannot fail to bring success to i
our arms. Officers and men alike evince an earnest I;
desire to accomplish themselves in every duty <[
of the camp and field, and the various corps are l!
animated by an emulation to excel each other in u
soldierly qualities. ,[
The conspiracy against the Government ex-
tended over an area of 733,144 square miles, pos- |
sessing a coast line of 3,523 miles, and a shore !
line of 25,414 miles, with an interior boundary '!
line of 7,031 miles in length. This conspiracy ''
stripped us of arms and munitions, and scattered .
ourJNavy to the mostdistant quarters of theglobe.
The effort to restore the Union, which the Gov-
ernment entered on in April last, was the most
gigantic endeavor in the history of civil war. The
interval of seven months has been spent in prep-
aration.
The history of this rebellion, in common with
all others, for obvious causes, records the first suc-
cesses in favor of the insurgents. The disaster of
Bull Run was but the natural consequence of the
premature advance of our brave but undisciplined
troops, which the impatience of the country de-
manded. The betrayal also of our movements
by traitors in our midst enabled the rebels to choose
and intrench their position, and by a reinforce-
ment in great strength, at the moment of victory,
to snatch it from our grasp. This reverse, how-
ever, gave no discouragement to our gallant peo-
ple; they have crowded, into our ranks, and,
although large numbers have been necessarily
rejected, a mighty army in invincible array stands
eager to precipitate itself upon the foe. The check
that we have received upon the Potomac has there-
fore but postponed the campaign for a few months.
The other successes of the rebels, though dearly
won, were mere affairs with no important or per-
manent advantages. The possession of Western
Virginia, and the occupation of Hatteras and
Beaufort, have nobly redeemed our transient re-
verses.
At the date of my last report the States of Dela-
ware, Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri were
threatened with rebellion, in Delaware, the good
sense and patriotism of the people have triumphed
over tho unholy schemes of traitors. The people
of Kentucky early pronounced themselves, by an
unequivocal declaration at the ballot-box, in favor
of theUnion; and Maryland, notwithstanding the
efforts of bad men in power in the city of Balti-
more, when the opportunity of a general election
was afforded, under the lead of her brave and pa-
triotic Governor, rebuked, by an overwhelming
majority, the traitors who would have led her to
destruction. In Missouri a loyal State govern-
ment has been established by the people, thou-
sands of whom have rallied to the support of the
Federal authority, and, in conjunction with the
troops from other portions of the country, have
forced the rebels to retire into the adjoining State.
The government established in Virginia by the
loyal portion of her population is in successful
operation, and I have no doubt will be sustained
by the people of the entire State whenever the
thralldom of the rebel forces shall have been re-
moved.
Thus has it been made clearly apparent that,
in whatever direction the forces of the Union have
extended their protection, the repressed loyalty
of the people, irresistibly manifesting itself, has
aided to restore and maintain the authority of the
Government; and I doubt not that the army now
assembled on the banks of the Potomac, will, un-
der its able leader, soon make such a demonstra-
tion as will lecstablish its authority throughout
all the rebellious States.
The loyal Governor of Virginia is proceeding
to organize courts under the constitution and laws
of the Stale in all her eastern counties in the oc-
cupation of our troops. 1 respectfully suggest
that authority should be given to thePresident to
send commissioners with the Army, with power
to exercise all the functions of local government
wherever the civil authority has ceased to exist,
and especially to enforce the obligations of con-
tracts, and the collection of debts due to loyal
creditors.
As stated in my last report, at the commence-
ment of this rebellion the Gove.rnment found
itself deficient in arms and munitions of war
through the bad faith of those intrusted with their
control during the preceding Administration. The
armory at Harper's Ferry having been destroyed
to prevent its possession and use by the rebels,
the Government was compelled to rely upon the
single armory at Springfield, and upon private
establishments,for a supply of arms. Every effort
has been made to increase the capacity of that
armory, the greatest product of which, prior to
these troubles, had never exceeded 800 muskets
per month. In charge of an energetic and able
ordnance officer, the force being doubled, and
operations vigorously prosecuted day and night,
