THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1869.
New Series No. 157.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. What sum does this
bill propose to appropriate?
Mr. PIXCE. Fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. Are there any other claimants
of this property than those mentioned?
Mr. PIKE. Not that] am aware of.
The Clerk read the repott, as follows:
Tlie Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of George M. We^on, commissioner of the State
of Maine, have cois.-idered so much thereof as relates to
certain kind titles m Maine, and repou:
^ That this ca^o was very fully discu&s^d in repoi t No 458,
fin>t sessionThirty-Sixth Congress, and tlie committee will
therefore state the facts as briefly as the various questions
involved will peumt.
The towns of Eaton and Plymouth, in Maine, weie
granted by Massachusetts, when the territoiy was m hei pos-
session and her jurisdiction was undisputed. Great Britain
subsequently claimed the territory, when, to prevent collis-
ions, the United States suspended the juusdtction of Maine,
and while it was so suspended citizens of New Biunswick
entered upon and occupied these towns, under the charge
of an officer appointed by New Brunswick. These poisons
setth d upon and improved eight thousand four hundred
and thirty acres of land, and were in possession at the date
of the treaty, and most of them had been in possession
for more than six years pievious to that date. Valuable
timber was also removed, under the authoi ityofNew U runs-
wick, lioni twenty-three thousand six hundred and ten
acios. of other land iri these towns. By the tieaiy ol Wash-
ington the land-* again fell within the jurisdiction of Maine,
and the title of the proprietors was fully restoied, except
so f.u lis it was affected by the treatv itself. Tlie occupants
claim that, by the fourth article of the treaty, they are en-
titled to a release of the title to unproved lands in their pos-
session, and the proprietois agree to execute such a release,
o.i i eeeiving from the United States a fair compensation for
the land taken and tunbei removed.
The case presents three questions, and first as to the right
of the persons in possession to eight thousand fourhundied
and Unity aeies of improved lands. Thefouith aiticle of
tlie treaty provides that alt giants of land "shall beheld
valid, unified, and confirmed to the persons in possession
undor such grants u and all equitable possessory claims,
arising from a possession and impiovement of any lot or
pMiceJ of land by the peison actually m possession, 01 by
rho«.e under whom such peison claims, for moie than six
yeuis before tlie date of this treaty, shall, in like manner,
be deemed valid, and be confirmed and quieted by a release
to the person entitled thereto of the title to such lot or parcel
of land, so described as best to include the impioveinents
made thereon ; and in all other respect- the two contract-
ing parties agiee todeal upon the most hbeial piinciplesof
equity with theseuleis actually dwelling upon the territory
falling to them respectively, which has heretofore bet'n m
dispute between them."
The supreme eoui t of Maine decided in the case of Josiah
S. Little that tlie treaty, as the supreme law, overt ides all
othei titles; and this is in accoidance with lepcated de-
cisions of similar cases by the Supieme Court of the United
St:iL,js. Maine, Massachusetts, and New Biun«wick have
nil gtvrn the same effect to the treaty in respect to poisons
in possession of their public lands; and, final!v. Congie.-s
' coneuired in the same nile, by act of Apiil 18,1856, tor the
relict o( Josiah S. Little. The concuiient action of both
patties to tlie treaty, of the States interested, o! the courts,
and of Congress, is regaided by the committee as a con-
clu-ive and just settlement of "the light of the peisous m
no — ession of the lands to a icleasc of the title.
Tlie second question, as to the right ot the proprietors to
compensation tor their land, thus taken by the treaty, has
aNo been settled by the court, and coneuned in by Con-
gr.\- d in the case of Little, before icfeired to. In repotting
that ease the Committee on Claims on the Senate said:
'• The committee think that when a citizen i« depuved
of lus title to propeily by the dnect and authorized action
of tin- Government, he is entitled to a fait ternuneiaiion."
The tieaty accomplished public purposes of the guvvest
coi!>equenee.preset ved the public peace,defined and settled
tin* boundai ie*> of two nations, and settled impoitant rights
f.u carli tm- :til future tune. When to secure such weighty
public purpo>es it became necessary to iriteifere with pii-
vate propei ty. that propeity was just as cleaily taken tor a
public u-e'' as it would have been had it been taken lor
a to,t or a gairison to cany on the very wat, which indeed
had been bjgun, but was happily averted by the tieaty.
There if no question a« to the title of the proprietor*, and
the committee tlieteioie conclude that their claim for the
land is strictly within the constitutional luie that private
pioperty "-hall not be taken for public use without just com-
ni'u>ation. . ,
The thud and last question, as to thenght ot the propri-
etors to pay loi timber removed, depends upon the same
mincipie as the second, though it is presented inn differ-
ent form The bind was taken bj the (iiiect action ot the
Government through the treaty; the timber was not taken
by the Government, but was lost to the pioprietors through
the direct action of the Government. Fioin 1^31 to 1830 tlie
jun-diefiun of Maine over the disputed temtory was sus-
pended by request of the President, and it was piecisely at
this tmic'that New Brunswick took po-^e^ion and carried
off the ti'iiber It cleat lv appears, from alettei of the Sec-
letuv (Mr. Van Buren) to the Governor of Maine, dated
Maich ib, 1831, that the suspension of action by Maine was
reauested by Piesident Jackson, for the puipos^ ot saving
the Executive from uitenuption and embarrassment in the
157
dent policy for the peaceable solution of a dangerous ques-
tion ; as much incident to the policy of the Governinentaa 1
was the subsequent tiansfercnce,by the treaty itself, ofnn-
proved lands to the veiy men who had carried off the tim-
ber. indeed, it is apparent from the public documents that
from 1827 this GoveiiimentkuewihatGreatBritaiu was ex-
ercising acts of exclusive jurisdiction over the disputed ter-
ritory, and fiom 1^31 to 1839 it also knew that New Bruns-
wick was stripping this part of the territory of its timber;
and this Government submitted to these wrongs rathertban
icsentor resist them. The loss of the timber, therefore,
seems to be a part of the price for national peace, and the
committee think the nation, and not the persons wionged,
should bear the loss. The filth aiticle of the treaty recog-
nized tlie fact that this wrong had been done, and provided
that money, collected by New Brunswick by way of timber
duty, should be paid to the United States for the benefit of
Maine and Massachusetts, which States had also suffered
from depredations upon their public lands. Had the United
States enforced that aiticle ot the treaty, it might be right
to chaise the loss of the timbei of these proprietors to that
fund ; but although New Bmnswick once acknowledged a
net cash fund of£6,467 and bonds for £2,495, amounting in
all to £8,9G2, exclusive of £1,950 disbuised fiom the fund
"for expenses, it does not appear that the United States ha«3
exacted anything from Great Britain, or paid anything on
this account to Maine and Massachusetts. The committee,
therefore, allow the claim foi timber.
The value of the land and timber has been ascertained
by peisonal examination and evidence taken by N. C.
Towle, Esq , who was a confidential agent appointed by
the Senate for that purpose. The committee allow four
dollars per acre for eight thousand four hundred and thirty
acres of unproved land, including compensation for the
timber lemoved, making $33,730, and one dollar per acre
for timber icnioved fiom twenty-thiee thousand six bun-
dled and ten acies. These allowances are very Car below
Ihe value stated by witnesses In the testimony; neverthe-
less, the piopnetors agree to accept these sum--, payable in
whole oi in part, at the option of the Seeretaiy of the
Tieasuiy, m six per cent, bonds, and they are required to
execute deeds of jelease conveying a good title to the hold-
ers of the possessory claims. 'The committee repoita bill
for these pmposos, and lecommend its passage.
COLLECTION OF DIRECT TAXES.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the House proceeded to consider bill of
the Senate No. 292, for the collodion of direct
taxes in insurrectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes, returned fiom the
Senate with tlie action of that body upon the
amendments of the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not know if I um
correctly informed, but I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, if the bill which passed this House hks
been so modified by the Senate as to repeal the
law imposing the direct tax of 1861.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no, sir; there is nothing
of that kind in the bill. Itisineiely to make more
explicit the exemption of $500. The thirteenth
section of the lasv passed last year was intended
to exempt property below $500, but the bill, as it
reads, exempts all above that amount. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What I want to know is
whether theie is a repeal of the law imposing the
direct tax.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no, sir. T ask that the
Clerk now report the action of the Seriate on our
amendments.
The Clerk read the report. The Senate con-
curred in all the amendments of the House, with
the exception of the eighth and thirty-ninth. The
Senate disagreed to the eighth amendment of the
House. The Senate agieed to the thirty-ninth
amendment of the House, with the following
amendment:
In line six, after the word " above," insert u but to ex
empt from taxation property of the value of $500 or less."
The amendment of the Senate to the thirty-
ninth amendment of the House was concurred in.
The Senate disagreed to the eighth amendment
of the House, which was to strike out, in lines
two and three, on page 3, in section five, the
words " by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate."
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House re-
cede from that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.WICKLIFFE. Thequestionlpropounded
was, whether the Senate, in its amendments to the
tax bill now pending in that body, has not pro-
posed to repeal the direct tax imposed by the law
of 1861?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state €feat
that biil is not now before the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I know it is not; bat I
am before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for mem-
bers of the House to refer to anything pending
in the Senate.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope the House will
permit me to ask the question.
The SPEAKER. The House cannot do it. It
would be a violation of parliamentary law.
Mr. STEVENS. I can state in a word that
there is no such provision in this bill
WAR MOVEMENTS.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, sent to
the Clerk's desk a telegraphic dispatch, whicii
was read, as follows:
The following waa received at the War Department this
morning, (June 2:)
Haxleck's IIkadquarteeb^
Department of the Mississippi,
Camp near Corinth, June 1.
To Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Seeretaiy of fVar:
The following dispatch has been received from General
Pope to Major General flalleek:
It gives ine grout plenume to report the brilliant success
of the expedition sent out on the 28th ultimo, with thftsee-
ond Tovva cavahy. Alter forced marches, any and night,
tlnough a very difficult country, and obstructed by the en-
emy, he finally succeeded in reaching the Mobile and Ohio
railroad at Ooonsville, at two o'clock, a in., on the 30th.
He destroyed the track in many place*, north and south
of the town ; blew up one culvert; destroyed switch\a  d
track; burnt up the depot and locomotives, and train of
twenty-bix caiH, loaded with supplies* of every kind; de-
stroyed ten thousand stand of *mail arms, three pieces of
artillery, and a gieat quantity of clothing and ammunition;
and paioled two thousand prisoners, which he could not
keep with his cavalry. Tlie enemy had heard of his move-
ments, and had a tram of box cars and flat cars, flying ar-
tilleiy, and five thousand infantry, running up and down'
the road to prevent him reaching it. The whole road was-
hned with pickets lor several days. ColoneJ Elliott1* com-
mand subsisted upon meat alone, such as they could find in
the countiy.
For daring and dispatch, this expedition has been distin-
guished in the highest degree, and entitles Colonel Elliott
and his command to high distinction. Its resuJta will be
umbarta&Mng to the enemy, and contribute greatly to their
los> and demoialization. He reports the roads full of small'
parties of the retieating enemy, scattered in all directions.
JOHN POl'E, Major General.
II. W. IIAIjLECK, Major Generate
DISPUTED MAINE LAND TITLES—AGAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill to provide for the quieting of certain land
tittles in tlie late disputed territory in the State of
Maine, and for other purposes.
Mr. PIKE. I move the previous question upor
the bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Before the gentle-
man moves the previous question, I desire to say
a woid or two.
Mr. PIKE. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The bill before the
House appropriates the sum of $57,340. The
damages to these several parties named in the bill,
as 1 understand it, are assessed upon the basis of
fourdollars an acre for the quantity of eight thou-
sand four hundred and thirty-four acres of land,,
to which it is alleged that the parties lost title by
the operation of the fourth article of what is known
as the Ashburton treaty; and further, upon the
basis of one dollar per acre for timber removed
from twenty-three thousand six hundred ten
acres of land by the authorities of New Bruns-
wick. The committee say in their report:
"The value of the land and timber has been ascertained
iiy personal examination, and evidence mken l>y N. C.
Towle Esq., who was a confidential agent appointed by
the Senate Ibr that purpose."'
The committee allow four dollars per acre for
ejo-ht thousand four hundred and thirty acres of
improved land, including compensation for tim-
ber removed, making $33,732, and one dollar per
acre for timber removed from twenty-three thou-
sand six hundred and ten acres.
Now, I wish to say to the House that I hava
some personal knowledge of the value of lands in
that section of the United States, and I venture to
assert that the valuation put upon these lands is
exorbitant. It appears to me that it is the duty
