1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
bound by that law as he is by any otherjaw of
Congress,and itis Ins sworn duty to execute it. If
the Congress of the United States should, by law,
provide who should be mustered into the service
of the United States, the President would be bound
by it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody disputes that.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. We are agreed upon that.
It is provided by the Constitution that Congress
shall have power to call forth the militia to sup-
press insurrection and repel invasion, and to or-
ganize, arm, and discipline the militia; and Con-
gress is clothed with all the power which is
necessary to provide for the transportation of
troops from one portion of the country to another,
and is empowered to make all laws which may be
necessary to carry into execution any of these
powers. Now, if it becomes a necessity that the
railroads of the United States shall all be sub-
jected to this control of the President, and put
under his domination as the military roads of the
United States upon which troops are to be trans-
ported, if Congress adjudges that to be necessary
or Congress authorizes Kim to take them when-
ever he shall deem it necessary, I see no infrac-
tion of the Constitution in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody says there is.
Tbegentleuian isarguingaproposition that every-
body admits.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Constitution gives
to Congress the power to put the railroads in the
military possession of the President, Congress
has the power to provide that those persons who
interfere with that possession may be subjected to
martial law. I think that is very clear.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the rules of
the Senate are so unfamiliar to me that I have been
endeavoring to see what relation the debate has
had to the amendment befoie us. I shall trouble
the Secretary to read the pending amendment.
The Se cretary. It ts proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to insert after
the word " whomsoever," m the second line of
the second section, the words:
In any State ordi^tiict which has been, or may heieaftcr
be, declaied by the President of the United States to be in
a state of nisuriection.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] proposes to amend the amendment by adding-
to it the words, " or which may be the actual seat
of military operations."
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, this
is a very simple proposition. The second section
of the bill provides a punishment for all persons
who interfere with the use by the Govcinmcntof
certain railroad and telegraph lines. It is a pro-
vision that applies to every citizen and to cvei*y
sojourner in the United States who interferes m ;
any way with the use by the Government of the i
felt-graphs 01 railroad lines seize d by viitue of this j
bill. The amendment of the Senatorfrom Illinois J
seeks to confine that to a few States now declared ,
to be in insurrection. If that amendment be |
adopted, as a matter of course the whole section j
will become nugatory. It will be confined then i
to Virginia, Tennessee, and some other States i
where we shall never have possession of railroads,
for if we ever get possession of those States, as a
matter of course the railroads will be first de-
stroyed. The adoption of the amendment of the
Senatorfrom Illinois, therefore, ofcourse, destroys
all the efficacy of this section.
Again, the amendmentof the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes to confine it to those States
within which there are military operations. What
States does he mean? Does he mean the States
of Kentucky, of Maryland, and of Missouri? If
so, why so ? If a citizen of the State of Pennsyl-
vania should obstruct the use of these railroads
by the Government, I ask is he not just as guilty
of an offense, and ought he not to be punished in
the same manner as if a citizen of Maryland should
be if guilty of the same offense? Why this dis-
crimination ? If you adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois, you destroy this section of
the bill, and no one will be punished undent. If
you adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, no one butacitizen of Maryland,
or Missouri, or Kentucky, can by possibility be
punished. Why this discrimination ? VVhythis
sensitiveness of gentlemen when we come to legis-
late on subjects of this kind? My colleague has
introduced two or three important piopositions
from the committee of which he is chairman, and
this is one of the most important. It seems to me
that they have been met to some extent in a very
captious spirit. This bill simply punishes a man
who interferes with the use by the Government
of a military road; and why not? If a citizen of
Pennsylvania stops a Government train on the
roads of Pennsylvania-—-roads ttftt have been
seized by the Government—should not that per-
son be punished by military law for the same
reason that we punish a person in Virginia or
Maryland?
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
from Ohio allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. Suppose that a citizen of Penn-
sylvania not in concert with the rebellion, not in-
tending to aid, or abet, or strengthen the rebellion,
but for purposes of his own, desiring, if you
please, to have his freight carried on a train,
should interfere at a depot with an officer engaged
in carrying the Government troops; would the
Senatorfrom Ohio say that it was constitutional to
subject that citizen of Pennsylvania for that of-
fense to a drum-head court-martial, and execute
him on the spot?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not the case at all.
My friend is willing to vote for this bill, so that
it is applied to the citizens of States in rebellion.
Would it be any more just to apply it to a citizen
of a State in rebellion than to a citizen of Penn-
sylvania ?
Mr. COWAN. I am not in favor of this section
at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Another thing, Mr. Presi-
dent; there is no danger of an abuse of this mili-
tary power, there is no danger that for such an
offense as the Senator from Pennsylvania antici-
pates a man will be condemned to death by a
court-martial. No such tlnng as that could occur.
The death penalty is not the only penalty pro-
vided for in these cases. The purpose of the sec-
tion was to place in the power of the Executive
ample authority to protect railroads againstany
interference by any person, and there is no real j
objection, it seems to me, to this section.
ileie, Mr. President, if we confined the debate
to the subject-matter, all that I desire to say would
end; but this debate has gone over a great extent.
My friend from Maine has discussed several sub-
jects that are very important. I cannot agree with
him. In my judgment, the President of the Uni-
ted States has exercised many powers that are
not conferred upon him either by the Constitution
or the laws. I have maintained and do now main-
tain them; but why? Simply because Congress
has uniformly failed to legislate on the subjectand
give the power that ought to have been given.
Congress ought to place itself in a more intimate
and close connection with the Executive; ought to
place itself and place its lules in such condition
that it may act more efficiently with these meas-
ures; and therefore it was that 1 desired very much
the adoption of the proposition of my colleague
yesterday, so that on this bill we might have gone
into secret session, confined the debate to the sub-
ject-matter, to the pendingamendments, and short
speeches, and disposed of this bill; correcting all
its inaccuracies, if there were any in it.
Upon the question of the war power of the Pres-
ident, the Constitution is veiy plain and simple.
The Constitution declares that—
" The President shall he Commander m-Chief oft he Anny
and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of the sf\-
eiai State*, when called into the actual seivice ut the Uni-
ted States."
.v< be faithfully executed,
ot the United States."'
It also provides that—
" lie -hall takecaie that the !.
and s],,.;i commission a!l offkei
These are the only powers conferred by the
Constitution on the President, which touch this
question. On the other hand, Congress has the
following powers:
"To declare war, gram letter-? of niruqui' and icprisal,
and make mles concerning captuie-s on land and water.
" To raise and support aimu^.
u To piovule and maintain a n.wy.
" To ninke rule-* fni the government and jopulafinn of the
land and naval iorce<
'•To pJOMde lor calling tonh the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insuirectiond, and repel inva-
sions.
u To provide for oi^anuine,aiming, and disciplining the
mihtin, and lor governing sueli part of them as may be em-
ployed in tlie seivice oi the United States "
In the absence of a law by Congress, if Con-
gress fails to cxercise these powers conferred upon
it, then, as the President is required to see that
the laws arc faithfully executed, he must usurp,
seize all the necessary powers to carry into ex-
ecution his duty. But it is the duty ot Congress
to make rules and regulations, to prescribe the lim-
itations, to say how far he shall go, what power
he shall use,whatkind of force he shall use, how
it shall be governed; in short to prescribe all the
rules and regulations relating to the Army and the
Navy of the United States. The President has
no other duty to perform except simply to carry
out the powers conferred on him by Congress. As
a matter of course if Congress fails to do its duty,
if Congress fails to give him the power to seize
railroad and telegraph lines, he oughb&o seize the
railroads and telegraph lines; but it is the duty of
Congress, it seems to me, to prescribe the limit-
ations of that power, to prescribe the mode and
manner in which it is to be done, the mode and
manner of compensation, and all the various de-
tails necessary in the exercise of such a power.
If this is not the true legic, if this is not the
true constitutionaHaw of this country, then I say
the President has more power than the Emperor
of Russia, he has more power than the Queen of
England, more power than the Emperor Napo-
leon. If we have nothing to do except simply
to grant men and money, if we cannot restrain,
regulate, limit, and control him, as a matter of
course his power is universal and despotic. I do
not believe in any such doctrine.
Now, Mr. President, I do hope, with due def-
erence to the better judgment of the Senate, that
we shall immediately pass this bill in some form
or other. If it is not now in a form to suit the
Senate, let us change it by proper amendments;
but, in my judgment, this bill is of infinite import-
ance. ^ I need not state here to the public at large
how important and necessary it may be. Sup-
pose it is necessary to transport a hundred thou-
sand troops promptly to-day, to-morrow, the next
day, how shall if be done? Will you allow the
President of the United States to seize all the rail-
roads between this place and the scene of opera-
tions? Will you allow him to exercise all these
vast powers without regulation, without limit,
without stint? Under what clause of the Consti-
tution may he exercise them?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Under his power as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army, carrying on war.
Mr. SHERMAN. Congress must prescribe
the regulations, the mode ^nd manner in which
it shall be exercised.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose there arc none.
Mr. SHERMAN. We must make them; and
that is the very point. Wc have neglected our
duty. We might as well come directly to the
point. If we prescribe the mode and manner by
law, the President can then exercise this power
in conformity to law. If we fail to perform our
duty, we leave the President with a great, omnip-
otent, uncontrolled power, which may hereafter
be used by despots and tyrants to overthrow the
liberties of our country.
Mr. President, there are bills of a most neces-
sary character now upon your Calendar that ought
to be considered and acted upon. I do not wish
to find fault; as one of the youngest and humblest
membeis of this body I do not wish to find fault
with the action of the Senate; but I may be al-
lowed to say, that under the rules of the Senate,
and under the mode of conducting debate here, it
is very difficult, if not practically impossible, to
press forward measures of legislation. No doubt
m times of peace and quiet, when the Senate is
the great conservative body of the country, when
its business is to clog legislation and to carefully
examine all that is done by Congress, it then ex-
ercises its duty by slowly considering, debating,
delaying; but now when action is necessary, when
probably the decision of a moment may decide
the fate of this country, when all the powers of
thf> Government must be wielded for its own
defense and protection, when Congress and the
President and the Army and the Navy, all must
act quickly and efficiently, then, I say, the rules of
this body only tend to impede, impair, hinder,
delay the necessary operations of this Govern-
ment, instead of advancing them and moving them
forw ai d.
Mr. COWAN. Air. President, I am not otse
of those who think that the line is faint between
the legislative and the executive powers of this
Government, and I think that this whole debate
