1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
there were made at this establishment, during the
past month of Octobcr, a total of 6,900 muskets;
and it is confidently expected that 10,000 will be
manufactured during- the present month. On a
recent visit, with a view to enlarge the capacity
of the armory, I directed the purchase of a large
quantity of machinery already finished, which,
when put in operation, will enable this establish-
ment to produce, during- the next year, 200,000
stand of the justly celebrated Springfield rifles. I
respectfully suggest the recommendation of a lib-
eral appropriation by Congress for the purpose
of yet further increasing the capacity of this
armory, believing that it can be made sufficient
to supply all the muskets and rifles which the
Government may hereafter need in any contin-
gency. Located in a healthful country, in the midst
of an industrious and ingenious people, where
competent workmen can always be obtained with-
out difficulty, and sufficiently near to all the ma-
terials needed in the manufacture of arms, it is at
the same time accessible to every part of the
country by water and railway communication.
After having made contracts for arms with the
private establishments in this country, it was
deemed necessary by the President, to insure a
speedy and ample supply, to send a special agent
to Europe with funds to the amountof $;2,000,000
to purchase more. I am gratified to stale that
he has made arrangements for a large number of
arms, part of which have already been delivered.
The remainder will be shipped by successive
steamers until all shall have been received.
Combinations among manufacturers, importers,
and agents for the sale of arms, have, in many
cases, caused an undue increase in puces. To
prevent advantage being thus taken of the neces-
sities of the Government, collectors of customs
have been directed to deliver to the agents of the
United States all arms and munitions that may
be imported into this country.
The demand for arms ius called into existence
numerous establishments for their manufacture
throughout the loyal portion of the country, and
it has been the policy of this Department to en-
courage the development of the capital, enter-
prise, and skill of our people m this direction.
The Government should never have less than a
million of muskets in its arsenals, with a corre-
sponding proportion of arms and equipments fur
artillery and cavalry. Otherwise, it may, at a
most critical moment, find itself deficient m guns
while having an abundance of men.
I recommend that application be made to Con-
gressforauthority to establish a national foundery
for the manufacture of heavy artillery at such
point as may afford the greatest facilities for the
purpose. While a sufficient number of cannon,
perhaps, could be procured from private manu-
factories, the possession of a national establish-
ment would lead to experiments which would bo
useful to the country, and prevent imposition in
prices by the accurate knowledge thru would be
acquired of the real value of work of this char-
acter.
In my last report I called attention to the fact
that legislation was necessary for the reorganiza-
tion, upon a uniform basis, of the militia of the
country. Some general plan should be provided
by Congress in aid of the States, by which our
militia can be organized, armed, and disciplined,
and made effective at any moment for immediate
service. If thoroughly trained in time of peace,
when occasion demands, it may be converted into
a vast army, confident in us discipline and uncon-
querable m its patriotism. In the absence of any
general system of organization, upwards of seven
hundred thousand men have already been brought
into the field; and, in view of the alacrity and
enthusiasm that have been displayed, 1 do not
hesitate to express the belief that no combination
of events can arise in which this country will not
be able not only to protect itself, but, contr \ry to
its policy, which is peace with all the world, to
enter upon aggressive operations against any
Power that may intermeddle with our domestic
affairs. A committee should be appointed by
Congress, with authority to sit during the lecess,
to devise and repoit a plan for the general organ-
ization of the militia of the United States.
It is of great importance that immediate atten-
New Suries—No, 2.
tion should be given to the condition of our for-
tifications upon the sea-board and the lakes, and
upon our exposed frontiers. They should at once
be placed in perfect condition for successful de-
fense. Aggressionsarescldoni made upon a nation
ever ready to defend its honor and to repel in-
sults; and we should show the world, that while
engaged m quelling disturbances at home we are
able to protect ourselves against attacks from
abroad.
I earnestly recommend that immediate provis-
ion be made for increasing the corps of cadets to
I the greatest capacity of the Military Academy.
There are now only one hundied and ninety-two
cadets at that importantinstitution. I am assured
by the Superintendent that four hundred can at
piesent he accommodated, and that, with very
trilling additional expense, this number may be
increased to five hundred. It is not necessary, at
this late day, to speak of the value of educated
soldiers. While, m time of war or rebellion, we
must ever depend mainly upon our militia and
volunteers, we shall always need thoroughly-
trained officers. Two classes having been grad-
uated duimg the present year, in order that the
service might have the benefit of their military
education, I had hoped that Congress, at its extra
session, would authorize an increase of the num-
ber. Having failed to do so, 1 trust that at the
approaching session an increase will be author-
ized, and that the selection of cadets will be lim-
ited exclusively to those States which, coopera-
tmgcordially with the Government, have brought
their forces into the field to aid in the maintenance
of its authority.
In this connection, justice requires that I should
call attention to the claims of a veteran officer, to
whom,more than to any other, the Mtlitai y Acad-
emy is indebted for its present prosperous and
efficient condition. 1 allude to Colonel Sylvanus
Thayi-i, of the < ngineer eoips, who now, by rea-
son of advanced years and faithful public services,
is incapacitated for duty m the fuId. Under the
recent law of Congress he may justly claim to be
retired from active service; but, believing (hat his
distinguished services should receive some mark
of acknowledgment from the Government, I rec-
ommend thatauthority be asked to retire him upon
j his full pay and emoluments.
; The health of an ai my js a consideration ot the
J highest consequence. Good men and women 111
| different -Slates, impelled by the highest motives
j of benevolence and patriotism, have come in aid
■ of the constituted sanitary arrangements of the
| Government, and been greatly instrumental in
diminishingdisease in the camps, giving increased
comfort and happiness to the life of the soldier,
and imparting to our hospital service a more
humane and generous character. Salubrity of
situation and pleasantness of suiroundings have
dictated the choice uf the hospital Sites, and estab-
lishments for our si'dc and wounded, of which we
have every ieas'm to be proud, have been opened
in St. Louis, Washington, Georgetown, Ealti-
! more, and Annapolis,and will heattacbed to every
1 division of the Aimy in the field. To the close
i of the war vigilantcare shall begiventothe health
j of the well soldier, and to the comfort and reeov-
i cry of the sick.
| I recommend that the system of promotions
t which prevails in the regular sei vice be applied to
| the volunteer forces in the respective States; re-
I striding, however, the promotions to men actu-
I ally in the llekl. At present each Governor selects
i and appoints the officers for the troops furnished
by his State, and complaint is not unfrequently
made, that when vacancies occur in the field, men
of inferior qualifications are placed in command
: over those in the lanks who are their supei iors in
; military experience and capacity. Theadvance-
i ment of merit should be the leading print j pie m
all promotions, and the volunteer soldier should
be given to undei stand that preferment will be the !
sure reward of intelligence, fidelity, and distm
guished service.
The course above recommended has been pur- j
sued by this Department, and it is my intention, •
so far as is m my power, to continue a system !
which cannot fail to have a most beneficial effect I
upon the entire seivicc.
By existing laws and regulations, an officer of
the regular Army ranks an officer of volunteers of
the same grade, notwithstanding the commission
of the latter may be of antecedent date. In my
judgment, this practice has a tendency to repress
the ardor and to limit the opportunity for distinc-
tion of volunteer officers, and a change should be
made, by which seniority of commission should
confer the right of command.
I submit for reflection the question whether the
distinction between regulars and volunteers which
now exists, should be permitted to continue? The
efficiency of the Army, it appears to me,mightbe
greatly incieascd by a consolidation of the two
during the continuance of the war; which, com-
bining both forees,wouldconstitute them one grand
army of the Union.
Recruiting for the regular Army has not been
attended with that success which was anticipated,
although a large numberof men have entered this
branch of the service. While it is admitted that
soldiers in the regular Army, under the control of
oflicois of military education and experience, are
generally better cared for than those in the volun-
teer service, it is certain that the popular prefer-
ence is largely given to the latter. Young men
evidently prefer to eater a corps officered by their
friends and acquaintances, and, besides the bounty
granted to volunteers in most of the States, in-
ducements are often directly offered to them by
those whose commissions depend upon their suc-
cess in obtaining recruits. In addition, the vol-
unteer is allowed to draw his full pay of $13 per
month, whih by law $2 per month are deducted
from the pay of the regular, to be returned to him
at the end of his term of service. In my judgment,
this law should be repealed, and the regular sol-
dier he allowed to receive his full pay when due.
He should also receive either a reasonable bounty
upon enlisting, or an advance of $20 of the §100
which a law oi the hist session of Congress grants
i! to regulais and volunteers on the expiration of
:| their penoda of seivice. This would doubtless
.] stimulate enlistments, as it would enable the sol-
!! dier to make some provision for those dependent
i| upon him for support until he receives his pay.
i; I>y the act approved August f>, 1861, the Pres-
! ulent is authorized to appoint as many aids to
| major generals of the regular Aimy, acting m
' the lield, as he may deem proper. The number
! of aids, m my opinion, should be limited, and no
'[ more should be allowed to each major general
than can be advantageously employed upon his
own proper staff. Much expense would thus be
saved, and the iSxccutivc and this Department
would be relieved of applications very embar-
rassing from their nature and extent.
The fifth scetion of the act approved Septem-
ber 28, 18.30, makes the discharge of minors ob-
,'j ligatory upon this Department, upon proof that
i| then enlistment was without the consent of their
|j parents or guauh.ms. In view of the injurious
'! operation of this law, and of the facilities which
;! it opens to frauds, I respectfully urge its early
i' repeal. Applications for discharges of minors
J! can then be determined either by this Depart-
ment, m accordance with such regulations as ex-
penence may have shown to be necessary,or by
t the eivii tuhunals of the country.
The employment of regimental bands should
;j be limited; the proportion of musicians now
I allowed by law being too great, and their uscful-
j! ness not at all commensurate with their heavy
|] expense.
!! Corporations, like individuals, are liable to be
governed by selfish motives in the absence of
competition. An instance of this kind occurred in
the management of the railroads between Balti-
more and New York. The sum of £,6 was charged
; upon that loute for the transportation of each
i soldier fiom New Yoik to Baltimore. As this rate
' seemed extravagant to the Department, when con-
j sidered m connection with the gieat increase of
! trade upon these roads, made necessary by the
j wants of the Government, inquiry was made con-
! cerning- the expediency of using the roads from
i New York to Baltimore, via Harrisburg. The
| result was an ariangemcnt by which troops were
brought by the last-named route at $4 each; and,
as a consequence, this late was at once necessai lly
| adopted by all the railroads in the loyal States,
j making a saving to the Government of thirty-three
