516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
arises from a misapprehension of that which at
least among lawyers ought to be very well un-
derstood. The powers of Congress under the
Constitution are clearly and distinctly laid down.
They no more resemble the war power, as it is
called, under the law of nations, than a hawk re-
sembles a hand-saw—notaparticle. Congress has
power to declare war; but to declare war is not to
make war. Why does Congress dcclare war?
For the reason, in the case of a rebellion, that the
civil power of Congress has failed to compcl obe-
dience to the laws. When Congress provides the
means for the President to carry on a war to sup-
press a rebellion, it thereby confesses the fact that
it itself through the medium of the constitutional
powers intrusted to it and which operate upon the
citizen and which surround the citizen with his
constitutional guarantees, has failed, and there is
a resort to a different thins, an entiiely different
thing from the municipal power vested in Con-
gress. And what is that, sir? The law of force.
The military power of the nation is then called
into action. The provision of the Constitution is
that Congress shall declare war; not that Congress
shall regulate the war, that Congress shall be the
commander-in-chief of the Army and say when
it shall fight, where it shall fight, how it shall fight,
and how it shall get to the place of action; not
at all. That for the wisest purpose in the world,
and for the very best reason as 1 think, and one
which obviates the very difficulties that are sug-
gested here growing out of our delay in agreeing
upon the best measures to carry on the war, has
been vested in a single head, in the President as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
But it is said that Congress has the right " to
provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining
the miiitia, and for governing such part of them
as may be employed m the service of the United
States." Iam perfectly satisfied that it is all right
and all consistent with the theory which I have
just stated. Congress has the i ight to make lules
and regulations for the government of the Army
inter se. These rules are called in the books the
articles of war; and anybody can see hy a refer-
ence to those articles of war that they contemplate
no such power as tins bill contemplates.
When Congress declares war, and provides an
army and a navy for the President to achieve a
particular thing, it confers upon him at the same
time all the powers necessary to attain the desired
end; and among other things it confers on him
posver, as has been well said, to impress horses,
railroads, telegraph lines, men, teams, everything
of that kind into his service, and compel them to
work according to his plan and pattern. It is not
necessary that Congress should interfere at all;
and if Congress does attempt to interfere, their
influence is a lestraining rather than an enlarging
influence. I'ut tiie ease: to-day U is said that this
is an emergency, it, is said that the President ought
to have this power immediately; well, if he waits
until he gets it Aom Congic^s, a body of this size,
moving as we move, with this want of celeitty,
the emergency may pass away. But the Consti-
tution and the laws have wisely clothed him with
it himself; it is not necessary that he should wait
for our action.
Now, take this bill. If the legislation of Con-
gress is necessary to enable the President to take
possession of a raihoad to carry one hundred thou-
sand men to a given point by a given day, to
achieve some necessary success in the war, if that
is necessai y to enable lum to impiess that rail-
road, its employes, appendages, and appurte-
nances into the service of the Govriimcnt, tlnm 1
say that Congress would have the same right to
torbid him to use a railroad. If you can pass a
law giving him authority to use it, you have of
course the reverse authonty to say that he shall
not use it. Has Congress power to say to the
President " yon shall not march your Army; it
shall go on horseback;55 or " it shall not go on
horseback, but shall ride in a railroad car;" or
" 11 shall not ride in that way?" Why,sn, the Pres-
ident, the Commander-in-Chief of evny army,
has a riirJjr to say, " the duoction of these things
jsthe essence of my office and the psss-nee of mv
power; it'you undertake to say when I shall march,
where I shall m.nch, and how i shall march, then
you are tiie commander-in-chief of the Army,
not I."
Then the question arises, where aie the laws
whioh govern ihe Commander m-t 'hief m fhe con-
duct of this war which Congress has declared ?
Where are the rules which are to guide, him in
the application of the force of the nation when the
legislative power of the nation has stated that,
through tiie judiciary, it cannot secure obedience
to the will of the nation? They are to be found
in the laws of*hations. They are established by
the common consent of nations, regulated by the
progressive humanity of civilization; and the Pres-
ident is the judge of them, and is responsible for
his obediencc to them; and if Congress were to
undertake to abridge, to alter, or diminish these
laws of war as they are to be found in the laws
of nations, the President would be bound to dis-
regard them. For instance, by the laws of na-
tions, the President takes rebels as prisoners of
war. Suppose we were to pass an act of Congress
now, requiring him to massacre them, would he be
bound by it ? He would have a right to say to us,
"if you undertake to make laws of wai, I can-
not carry on war, because, by the consent of the
civilized world, war is only to bo carried on in a
particular way." Suppose we, on the other hand,
in order to lender this war more humane than it
would otherwise be, should pass a law by which
we required him to take the rebels prisoners with-
out injuring them; what would he say then? " I
cannot conduct the war on that scale; I must kill
a certain number of people who resist me; it is
impossible for me to take desperate men alive, and
1 am obliged to kill them if it is necessary."
So you may put a hundred instances, and there
is not a single case in which Congress is either
competent to decide or has any right to decide as
to how or in what manner the President shall
carry on the war. He is the judge of that, arid
the power is wisely intrusted to him. Now, let
us look at the second section of this bill; I will
read it:
That any attempt hy any paity or parties whomsoever to
rcni^t or inteiiuie wuh the ume&tiainecl ti.ie by Government
of the piopeity dcscnhed in the preceding: section, oi any
attempt to injino or destioy the property aforesaid, -hail he
punched as a mihtruy by death, or Mich other pen-
alty as a c-ouit-mnitui! may impost.
JN'ow, I can conceive of a case where, if a party
attempted to intel fere with the, control the Pres-
ident was exercising over that property, he should
be subject to the penalty of death. I can very well
conceive of a detachment of rebel soldiers going
to the depot of a railroad company, and attempt-
ing theje to stop a train; and if they did so they
might be punished by death, but not by a court-
martial, because I say thatif those soldiers had the
uniform of the confederacy upon them, the com-
mander of our foices would be bound, after taking
them prisoners, to spate their lives, and to treat
them as prisoners of war; but if they were there
without the uniform of the confederacy—if they
were there attempting to aid the confederacy with-
out Us emblems upon them—then I agree that he
nught peiimps inflict death upon them upon the
same rule hy which it is inflicted on pirates or
those who interfere m a war without any author-
ity fiom either of the belligerents. But if a citi-
zen, without any design to aid the rebellion, for
other purposes, whether those purposes be mali-
cious or not, interfered, I say that all ihe power
of this Congress conferred upon the President
could not give him the right to try, convict, con-
demn, and execute such a man by a court-martial.
Such a power is not given to Congress, and of
course Congress cannot confer it. To me it is
monstrous. I had no notion that such an idea
ever entered into anybody's mind.
1 do not think this bill is necessary. I think
that all laws of this kind which are calculated to
enlarge the power of the President as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, will m the end only be found
to impede his march, and involve not merely him-
self but Congress and everybody else m trouble.
He had better be left to the exercise of that abso-
lute power with which he is clothed, within its
limits free to act, free to do everything. I should
be sorry if he had not done everything that was
necessary and that he had a right to do; but I
suppose, if not now, it will soon be found out.
] am opposed to the whole scheme; but if there
is to bo a law of this kind at ail, it ought to be so
well considered as to at least keep us who legis-
late for the citizen, who has a right to have the
laws administered through the medium of the ju-
dicial } , clearly within the limits of the Constitu-
tion. i would not throw a straw in the way of
the President: and why? In what way am 1 to
carry t^t out? By not passing laws—not by pass-
ing them. The men who are giving the President
a full and fair opportunity with the military force
of the nation to put down the rebellion are those
men who do not restrain him, who do not fetter
him, but who leave him as the commander-in-chief
of an army ought to be left, to do that which m his
own discretion and good judgmenthe ought to do,
and let him take thq responsibility.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to ask my friend
a question. Suppose ten thousand men were mov-
ing on a Government train in the mountains of
Pennsylvania, and some citizen of Pennsylvania
should in their presence burn abridge, what could
they do with him without a law? Could the Pres-
ident try him and shoot him without some author-
ity of law?
Mr. COWAN. That just comes to the very
point that I suggested. If this man was a citizen,
burning the budge of his own malicious motion,
not intending to have any connection whatever
with the rebellion, I say that the President and
his ten thousand men, this Congress, all the pow-
ers in this Government, cannot convict and exe-
cute him upon a drum-head court-martial; he has
the right to be taken into court; he has the right
to be presented by a grand jury, to be tried by a
petit jury, by due process of law, before he can
be deprived of either his liberty or his property.
Hut the country is in a rebellion; this rebellion
extends not only all over certain districts, but it
ramifies into districts which are loyal. If this man
was a rebel, the President would have to exercise
his discretion in that behalf, because we have to
trust him, and we have to trust that discretion;
he would have to determine whether he was a
rebel. As I said before, if he was a rebel in the
uniform of the confederacy, he might kill him in
the act; but if surrendered, he would be a pris-
oner of war, and would be held as a prisoner of
war.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose he was not ex-
actly a rebel, not living in a State where rebellion
had been proclaimed; but suppose he was a dis-
loyal citizen of Pennsylvania, if such a thing were
possible, and he arrested a train in its progress,
ought theie not to be some power in a military
commander to punish that person promptly, or
must he wait for the slow process of the laws of
Pennsylvania?
Mr. COWAN. The military commander in that
event would do perhaps exactly what the Presi-
dent has done; and that brings me to a considera-
tion of the power over the habeas corpus. In that
case the President must decide. We set him with
the military force of the nation to put down a re-
bellion ; and we must allow him to decide who are
the rebels, and to treat them accordingly. As 1
said before, if this man had a rebel uniform upon
him there is no doubt he maybe killed in the act,
or if he takes him prisoner he must hold him as
a prisoner, because he was there with an emblem
upon him. If he is a rebel, and the Piesident so
decides, and without a uniform upon him, then I
should say he would have a right to kill him the
same as he kills a spy, and the right to do that
with a drum-head com t-martial. Hut if the Presi-
dent should believe that this man was a citizen,
without any design to aid the rebellion, but for
some purpose of his own, or a purely malicious
purpose, then he would be.?bound to turn him
over to the law.
One word further, sir. In taking the rebel with
the uniform upon him, or in taking him without
the unifoim, the President, at his option, may
cither hold him as a prisoner of war, or he may
turn him over to the civil power to be tried by a
judge and punished under the laws as they then
exist.
I entirely differ with the honorable Senator from
Ohio m regard to the exercise of several doubtful
powers by the President heretofore. I believe
that from the beginning the President has not ex-
ercised a single doubtful power, that he has not m
any onecase violated the law,although I diflcr vei y
much with the theory upon which it is said that
he proceeded. Take for instance, the habeas cor-
pits laws, if you please. It has been contended
that the President can suspend the writ oi' habeas
corpus, the privilege of the wnt of habeas corpus,
the law of habeas corpus. I deny it m toto A man
is entitled to a writ of habeas coipus by virtue of a
law; and nobody ever pretended, that I know of,
that the President had a right to repeal a law. The
