IB
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
31th Cons....2d Sess.
Eeport of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
and a third per cent, in all its transportation of
soldiers, and, at the same time, giving to the
railroads, through increased business, a liberal
compensation.
Tiie railroad connection between Washington
and Baltimore has been lately much improved by
additional sidings,and by extensions in this city.
In order, however, that abundant supplies may
always be at the command of the Department, ar-
rangements should be made for laying a double
track between this city and Annapolis Junction,
with improved sidings and facilities at Annapolis,
and along the branch road.
Should the navigation of the Potomac river be
interrupted by blockade or the severities of win-
ter it would become? absolutely necessary, for the
proper supply of the troops in the District of
Columbia and vicinity, and of the inhabitants of
this city, to provide additional railroad connec-
tion between Washington and Baltimore. A re-
sponsible company, with a charter from the State
of Maryland, have proposed to do this upon con-
dition that the Government will indorse their
bonds; they binding themselves to set aside annu-
ally a sufficient sum for their redemption at ma-
turity, and thus eventually release the Govern-
ment from any liability whatever, and to charge
for transportation rates in no case to exceed
four cents a ton per mile for freight, and three
cents per mile for passengers. During the con-
tinuance of the war, however, their charge for
passengers is not to exceed two cents per mile.
The chaige for the transportation of passengeis
between (he two cities is at present three and
three quarter cents per mile, and for freight, the
rates per ton will average from five to eight cents
por nulc. The large saving to the Government,
in cost of transportation would amply compen-
sate for all liability,and give to the citizens of all
the loyal States greatly improved facilities for
reaching the national capital, and at much less
rates than they are now compelled to pay. To
the citizens of the District it would cheapen the
cost of supplies, and prove of immense value m
every respect.
1 recommend that a railway be constructed
through this city from the navy-yard, by the Cap-
itol,to Georgetown, forming connections with the
existing railroad depots, and uaing the aqueduct
bridge for the purpose of crossing the river at
Georgetown. By a junction of this proposed rail-
way with the Orange and Alexandriarailroad, not
only would the communication with our troops in
Virginia he greatly improved, but an easy access
be obtained to the Bnltimoie and Ohio railroad
near Harper's Ferry, by means of the Loudon
and Hampslme laihoad. To its,impoitance as
nftimiing facilities for moving tioops and supplies
in time of war, may ho added the future benefits
it would confer upon the District of Columbia.
The outlay required would be saved m a few
months by enabling the Government, to dispen.se
with the expensive ferry at Georgetown, and by
greatly decreasing the costly wagon transposi-
tion of the Army through this city.
The injuries to railroads, instigated by the rebel
authorities of Baltimore, in order to cmbannss
communication with the North and West, via
Harnsburg, and with the blast, via Philadelphia,
have been repaired by the diffeient companies that
own them. That portion of the Baltimore and
Ohio raihoad west of ilaiper's Ferry which was
so ruthlessly destroyed by the rebels, has not yet
been restored. The great interests of trade're-
quire that this road should be reopened as speedily
us possible by the company for the transportation
of the immense surplus of the agncultiuwl pro-
ductions of the West, To aid this object tho De-
pai tment has tendeied t'othe company asufficient
force for its protection during the progress of the
woik. and will lender such facilities as it may be
able to provide, in connection with its other im-
portant public duties.
For the purpose of facilitatingthctransportution
of supplies to Alexandria, and to points beyond,
it has been found necessaiy to lebuild portions of
the Oumgr and Alexandria and the Loudon and
Hampshire railroads, and to lay a track from the
railroad depot to a point on the Potomac river, in
this city.
Under an appropriation granted for that purpose
at the last session of Congress, a telegraphic bu-
reau was established, and has been found of the
greatest service in our military operations. Eight
hundred and fifty-seven miles of telegraphic line
have been already built and put in operation, with
an efficient corps of operators; and a large exten-
sion is now in process of construction.
Congress, at its late session, made an appro-
priation for the reconstruction of the Long Bridge
across the Potomac, which, in its then dilapidated
condition,wasunsafeformilitarypurposes. The
work, which has been carried on without inter-
ruption to trade or travel, is rapidly approaching
completion, and, when finished, will be a sub-
: stantial structure.
On the first of the present month Lieutenant
General Winfield Scott voluntarily relinquished
his high position as General-in-Chief of the
American Army. He had faithfully and gallantly
served his country for upwards of half a century,
and the glory of his achievements has given ad-
ditional luster to the brightest pages of our na-
tional annals. The affections of a grateful people
followed him into his retirement. The Piesidcnt
immediately conferied the command of the Army
upon the officer next in rank. Fortunately for
thecountry,MujorGencralMcClellan hail proved
himself equal to every situation in which his great
talents had been called into exercise. His bril-
liant achievements in Western Virginia, the un-
tiring energy and consummate ability he has dis-
played in the oiganization and discipline of an
entirely new atmy, have justly won for him the
confidence and applause of the troops and of the
nation.
Extiaordinary labor, energy, and talent have
been required of the various bureaus of this De-
partment to provide for the wantsof our immense
Army. While errois may have been occasion-
ally committed by subordinates, and while extrav-
agant prices have undoubtedly in some cases,
controlled by haste and the pressure of rapid
events, been paid for supplies, it is with great grat-
ification that 1 refer to the economical adminis-
tration of affairsdisplayed in the ^tiousbranches
of the 8ci vice. Our forces had not only to be
armed, clothed, and fed, but had to be suddenly
provided with means of transportation to an extent
heretofore unparalleled. While I believe that
there is no army m the world better provided for
m every respect than our regulars and volunteers,
1 candidly i hink that no force so large, and so well
equipped, was ever put in the field in so short a
space of time at so small an expense.
While it is my intention to pieseive the strict-
est economy and accountability, I think the last
dollar .should be expended and the last man should
be armed to bring this unholy rebellion to a speedy
and permanent close.
The geographical position of the metropolis of
the nation, menaced by the rebels, and required
to be defended by thousands of our troops, induces
me to suggest for consideration the propriety and
expediency of a reconstruction of the boundaries
of the States of Delaware, Maryland, and Vir-
ginia. Wisdom and true statesmanship would
dictate that the seat of the national government,
for all time to come, should be placed beyond ica-
sonable danger of seizure by enemies within, as
well as from capture by foes from without. By
agreement between the States named, such as was
effected, for similar purposes, by Midnsan and
Ohio, and by Missouri and Iowa, their bounda-
ries could be so changed as to render the capital
more remote than at present from the influence of
State governments which have ai rayed thenisel v es
in rebellion against the Federal authority. To
this end, the limits ot Virginia might bo so altered
as to make her boundaries to consist of the Biue
Ridge on theeastand Pennsylvaniaon the north,
leaving those on the south and westasat present.
By this arrangement, two counties of Maryland
(Alleghany and Washington) would bo trans-
ferred to the jurisdiction of Virginia. All that
poition of Virginia which lies between the Blue
Ridge and Chesapeake bay could then be added
to Maiyinnd, while that portion of the peninsula 1
between the waters of the Chesapeake and the |
Atlantic, now jointly held by Maryland and Vir- ■
ginia, could be incorporated into the State of Del- !
aware, A reference to tho map will show that '
these are great natural boundaries, which, for all
time to come, would serve to mark the limits of
these States.
To make the protection of the capital complete,
in consideration of the large accession of territory
which Maryland would receive under the arrange-
ment proposed, it would be necessary that that
State should consent so to modify her constitution
as to limit the basis of her representation to her
white population. .
In this connection, it would be the part of wis-
dom to reannex to the District of Columbia that
portion of its originallimits which by act of Con-
gress was retroceded to the State of Virginia.
It is already a grave question what shall be done
with those slaves who were abandoned by their
owners on the advance of our troops into south-
em territory, asatBeaufortdistrict,in South Caro-
lina. The numberleft within our control at that
point is very considerable, and similar cases will
probably occur. What shall be done with them?
Can we afford to send them forward to their mas-
ters, to be by them armed against us, or used in
producing supplies to sustain the rebellion? Their
laboi maybeusefultous; whhheldfromtheenemy
it lessens his military lesources, and withholding
them has no tendency to induce the horrors of in-
surrection, even in the rebel communities. They
constitute a military resource, and, being such,
that they should not be turned over to the enemy
is too plain to discuss. Why deprive him of sup-
1 plies by a blockade, and voluntarily give him men
| to produce them ?
The disposition to be made of the slaves of
rebels, after the close of the war, can be safely
left to the wisdom and patriotism of Congress.
The Representatives of the people will unques-
tionably secure to tho loyal slaveholders every
right to which they are entitled under the Con-
stitution of the country.
SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
The President.
Report of the Secretary of tlie Navy.
Navy Department, December 2. 1861.
Sir: The report from this Department under
date of 4th July last exhibited the condition of
the Navy, the administrative measures taken to
augment its efficiency, and the general course of
its operations up to the commencement of the
lnte special session of Congress. The enlarged
estimates of expenditure for the naval service
then submitted, contemplated, especially, three
different lines of naval operations, upon an ex-
tended scale, as demanded by the situation of the
country. These were—
3. The closing of all the insurgent ports along
a coast-line of nearly three thousand miles, in
the form and under the exacting regulations of an
international blockade, including the naval occu-
pation and defense of the Potomac river, from its
mouth to the Federal capital, as tho boundary
line between Maryland and Virginia, and also
tho main commercial avenue to the-principal base
of our military opciations;
2. The organization of combined naval and
military expeditions to operate in force against
various points of the southern coast, rendering
efficient naval cooperation with the position and
movements of such expeditions when landed, and
including also the needful naval aid to the Aimy
m cutting off intercommunication with the lcbcls,
and in its operations on the Mississippi and its
tributaries: and,
3. Tho active pursuit of tho piratical cruisers
which might escape the vigilance of the block-
ading force and put to sea from the rebel ports.
These were duties which the Navy was called
upon at the same time to prepare for and perform,
and they constituted a triple task more arduous,
it is believed, in some respects, than has before
been demanded from the maritime power of any
Government. 1 proceed to repoit biicfly the
efforts which have been made for its accomplish-
ment.
The limited number of ships and men at com-
mand when the proclamation announcing the
blockade of the ports of the insurgent States was
