1862.
the congressional globe.
scalc of annual rates for the supply and use of the water
fiom the pipes of the Potomac aqueduct; '• to collect &uch
rate's or iciits, .when to fixed in advance or otherwise,
through such agent* 01 eonnmssioneis tiioy may aiilhoi-
ize, irom the owner? 01 occupants of alt such buildings or
establishments, ie?peeiivelj, who may use the water there-
in ; to stop the supply of water to any -such dwelling or es-
tablishment upon <1 iailuieto pay said rate, charge, 01 rent;
and, gei*erally, to enact sueb laws as may be necessary to
supply the inhabitant*of haidcity ot Washington witlipuic
and vvhoIe-oiiH! watei, and to cany into full and complete
effect the powers herein gianted."
It is Ion nd, by expeuence, that the rest! iction of the power
of collection of moneys for the disuibution oi watei only
from the ouneisoi occupants of buiiding^ or establishments
in which the water is used, is inconsistent with the inten-
tion ot the act, and i eiuleis it piactically impossible to carry
into effect such laws as are necess-aty '• to supply tin: inhab-
itants of said city of Washington with pure am! wholesome
water, and to cairy into complete effect the powersgtanted
by tin; act." it is to leniedv tins dcfcotin theouginai law
that the cotpoiate nufliouuoi of YVa->hinjrton, bv a joint
resolution passed, and appioved by the Mayor March 23,
iSOd, and iea£nined by another joint resolution pa^edaud
appioved withm a lew weeks, have leqnestcd'the pa-sa^e
of this amendatoiy hill In their joint involution they <-ay
that the system imposed by thi* le^tuction ot collection of
rents fiom water-takeis alone u operates oppi<v?ively, un-
equally, and there tore unju-tlj ,bv compelling the necessity
of collecting fiom those who use the watei an annual tax
sufficient not only to pay fot such use, but toi the means
whereby liic w.iiei is placed equally within tin' reach of
useis and nmi-u>< of piopoi ty impioved and unimproved,
enhancing the value ot all pioperty alike, wheiever the
watei mains.atelaid." The.stateinentistiuo. Theamend-
ator\ but obviates this injustice, and puts the fu>t cost of
the mipiovemi'iit equally on all the piopeity benefited by
it, and the cost of the use thei eaftei alone on the user?:.
The effect of this will be to encouiage the distribution of
water and mciea^o the number of water uscis,foi ihesjeale
of i cuts wjII diminiih as the number of ineis inu case, as the
effect oi the original bill is to di-scouiage both By the pres-
ent system, tlx- properly ownei who holds off longest fiom
taking watei into Ins houses get-* it cheapest, and jf the
rent system shall ever yield money enough to have paid the
waterdebt, he who waits to take the watei until the debt
is paid obtains then, fm nothing, the use ol that which cei-
tain of his neighbor paid an extravagant price for.
Objection is made by some whose propeity lies upon
streets, or avenues wheie the gieat watei mains have been
laid by the United States, to the payment of a t.ix M the
corporation foi <i benefit which the Geneial Government
alone has coni'eried. The aiiswei to tin* ?elfish objection
id veiy obviou.s The Government mtiodueed the beueiit
equally foi the whole city. It the piopeity on thcM- pio-
ticulai street^ ot avenue-, should be cv-mpted fiom the tax,
it would fall the moie heaviiyon tne lest. The proposition
only i^, that they shall bear tlien piopoitional p;ut of the
butden while they receive more than an equal shaie ot the
benefit, by le.wm'of the fact that the suboidmate mams aie
liable to occasional inteiiuption, while the gieat mams aie
veiy larely if ever stopped.
The objectton which some ttige of the possible abuse of
the power by the corporation lies with equal foicc against
any and all poweis of the corporation. The pow< i i^ piopcr
and necessary for a gieat public linpiovemcnt, and if the
corporation cannot be ti listed with it, then the eorpoiation
ounlu to be pui out of existence; n-s long, hovve\ei, as it
lives, it should bo iexpected as being what the law ot itri
existence assumes it to be.
To the second section of the amendatoiy hill no objec-
tion presents it^eh, ma can i imagmp any that can be
made.
The thud section is mcieJv in accotdancc with the pro-
viso to the thud section of the ouirmal bill, which iead<>
thus. '■ Proi vial. That the Kites levied by the nue^of
Georgetown and Washington shall never be a source o(
levenue other than as a means of keeping up to the said
cities a supply ot watei "
To 11 lu.-tiate thoihtf'uencc ni effect upon the tax paid by
the impioved piopeity into which the watei is mtiodueed.
of the piescnt system and that u Inch it is piopot-ed to - lib
stitute, let us suppose the case ot a house ot tluee Moties
high \\ itli front ot twenty-five feet. The total cost ot the
watei pipe of six inches diametei laid down in fiontof this
house is twenty-live dollars. Dividing tins co-t between
this house and the ncigbboron the opposite side of the sirect,
we have .$12 50 apiece, oi fifty cent- pei foot f; out lU*tlv
pi cent scale of water iates, the house described pa\s $6 2.5
per \ eai, s<> (hat in two yeai--, if the opposite neighbor joins,
the eost of their pipe is paid ; bu t cei tain ot their neighbors
refuse to mtioduce the watei, and the rents must the'refoic
be kept up until the idle pipe is paid for also. Now, if the
twent\-live do'lars could be paid at once by these two
owners, being then shaie ot the whole debt, their annua!
i ents could be ieduced at once tiom -50 ~3 to not exceeding
two dollais.and pieseritlv, when thenumbci oteonsuineis
should be doubled to half that amount.
The amount expended by the corporation m lawns water
pipes thus lar (including $10,MO foi ie«d estate, and about
eighteen bundled and dollais for inaehnieiyand pafut
right) is, in loiind nuinbet.-. n-iuo.OOO.
Deduct the items foi ical e-tate and machineiv, ami we
have as eo-t of pipe laid and acce-soiy lixtui e.v, x(J2.^oO.
The number of watei ie;Us p i\nbl<* to the coipoiatiou id
1amounting to, within a lew dollais nnne or less,
$10,000., _
These rents are det ived fiom lo 1.311 leet of water mains,
of which 1 >> t h.ivu been hud bj the ooi pouuion, and
f>3,S*f) teet have been laid by tjie United State-.
Deducting I torn the yeaily value of llie-e ient> the xeaily
mteie<-t on ^KH.OJO oi watei stock, namely: we
have loir pet yeai, ^3.70!) dolbn-, out of which to pa\ ex-
pense o! >up;.iinteudefice and lepan, extend the wmk of
wau i di -ti ibution, and pi ovale a sum foi the ledemptiou o!
stock. Very evid< nth tin-- i* too lam-i a task foi .u.d,
theietoie. die orhei chcapei, equal system must be adopted.
The total length of ali the stieets in Washington—all 1
mean within the limits of the original plan of the city—is
1,0*38.938 feet, and the length of all the avenues is 165.213
feet: making a total of sheets and avenues of 1.215.155 feet,
oi 230.14 miles.
One dollar per foot maybe safely assumed as a very close
approximation to the actual cost of a six-inch water main
laid with liberal allowance of stop cocks and fne plugs, and
six-inch water mams an aveiage all through may be safely
assumed as large enough for the supply of the city beyond
the great United States mains. Then $1,515,155 would do
the whole work if the whole were now needed.
The total aioaof all the building ground in the city is
121,700.77:1 squaie feet, which at one cent per foot, would
yield §1,217,067. Theteloie, if we tax according to area,
and on the ha«is of a disti ibmtou by aveiagu six-inch pipes,
one cent pel sqmuo toot i<3 the just and exactly equal tax.
The water tax should be in proportion to aiea, because the
water consumption is in pioportion to population, and the
area is the measure of the capacity for population. The
tax per tiont foot is unjust, foi the lot with several fionts
h;is no more benefit 1'ioin the water than the lot with one
front unly.
The above is veiy resp"etfu!ly submitted to Senator
Grimis, with apology toi its loughness. it having been hast-
ily pi epaicd amid continual mtei lupl ions, and without tune
loi lcvi^al or eop\ nig, by his veiy obedn.nt servant,
RANDOLPH OOYJjE.
I have read this statement, Mr. President, for
the purpose of putting it upon the record of this
body, as much as anything else, for future refer-
ence, containing,as it does, some very interesting
and lmportantstalisticsin regard to thegeogrnphy
of this city, which may be useful to members of
this body hereafter. It embraces all that I desire
to say, and all that I think it may be necessary
to be said in support of the passage of this bill.
Mr. TEN EYCK. X have been requested, by
a number of the citizens of the city of Washing-
ton, to state their opposition to the passage of this
bill, or, more particularly, their objection to the
first section; because, with respect to the second
section, which proposes to levy a tax to raise a
fund to pay for fire-plugs for the benefit of those
bouses in tho immediate neighborhood, there is
manifest propriety that that should be done. The
objection that I make in behalf of the citizens of
this District who have spoken to me, is to the first
section; and although I am not very familiar with
the facts, still I trust 1 am sufficiently so to make
known the points of objection which they laise
to the passage of the bill.
The first section of this bill will operate with
great hardship upon the owners of vacant lots in
{his city. We all know that this city has been
called one of magnificent distances. Whether the
first chaiacteristic, with refeience to its magnifi-
cence, is true or not, I am not prepared to say;
but with respect to its distances from one point
of residence or settled locality to another, it is a
striking featwie that meets the eye of visiter and
strangei. The proposition contained in this bill
will enable the e.ity government to impose a tax
upon thousands of lineal feet of vacant property,
which is now really of no service or value com-
paratively to the owner, not being in market, and
perhaps for years not likely to be, and which is
now subject to excess of burdens in the way of
taxation. [ will refer to some two or three streets.
Take Fourteenth street for instance. There is a
paved way for something like a distance of half
a mile or more without a single lesidence upon
it, with the exception, perhaps, of some two or
three buildings at the extreme end near the bound-
aries of the city; and so with respect to a street
running across the mall, and other streets. There
are many of them of the same description. This
bill proposes to authorize the corporation to levy
a tax upon every foot of the vacant lands belong-
ing to the inhabitants of this city so circum-
stanced, for the purpose of defrayingtheexpeuse
of laying watei pipes. It has been represented to
me—I know not how the fact is—thatif the Cxov-
ernment itself has not been, th" city corporation
have been exceedingly liberal in laying down
these water pipes in distriets or along streets
where there is no earthly use whatever for them,
and wheie, perhaps, for years no water will be
taken by persons living in residences yet to be
erected along the line of those streets.
I J sue by an old bill which was before the Senate
' lust year—tins is no new matter befoie the Sen-
• ate—that the proposition then was to authorize
! the corporation to levy a tax not to exceed seventy
cents per lineal foot along the line of these streets.
This bill is not guarded or restricted at all. Sup-
■ pose the corporation, deriving some index ot their
1 idea or intention from the bill proposed at this ses-
! sion, should deem it necessary, in their judgment,
I to levy a tax of seventy cents per lineal foot along
the line of vacant lots, they may impose a "tax of
seventy dollars upon a lot of one hundred feet
front, and then afterwards, as suggested to me by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] if the
tax is not paid, sell it under the hammer. Sir, I
know that, these vacant lots are subject,according
to the high valuation as fixed by the city, to an
onerous burden of taxation already. Why, sir, in
1858, according to a report made to the City Coun-
cil here, there was then a funded debt of $1,041,000
which this city was liable to pay interest upon,
and does pay interest upon every year; and that,
in addition to all the expenses of the city govern-
ment, is levied upon property vacantand improved
alike. Take these facts in conncction with the
vast additional burdens which will be imposed
upon theinhabitants of this city in the way oftax-
ation to meet the direct tax bill of the last session
and to meet the tax bill created by the necessities
of this war, and persons who own vacant lots in
this city and have owned them for years had better
at once, if possible, get rid of them by gift or in
some other way.
These facts are represented to me by the owners
of property in this city; and upon the represent-
ation being made to me, it struck me as being
greatly amiss in Congress at this time to author-
ize the corporation to impose an additional tax
for the purpose stated. It may possibly be that
a corporation composed of highly respectable gen-
tlemen may some of them themselves be engaged
in a line of business, pipe laying or plumbing, or
they may have friends who are engaged in that
business, whose influence may be brought to bear
upon the corporation to lay down these pipes,
under the pretext of its being for the benefit and
interest of the city, when in reality the chief ben-
efit to accrue from the laying down of the pipes
is to the operatives, mechanics, and employes of
these persons who are thus engaged in carrying
out the orders of the corporation in laying down
the pipes. I do not know that such is the fact;
but, sir, having sortie little knowledge of transac-
tions in city governments and in small towns and
in larger towns further north, I know there are a
great variety of ways resorted to for the purpose
of procuring employment especially that is profit-
able, and the persons who own property are re-
quired ft) pay the expense.
I do not wish to detain the Senate any longer
on this subject; butl would submitone other view.
As the Senate has not in times paat acted on this
measure when the times were much more favor-
able than they are now, I trust that the Senate
will postpone it for the present sessional least,if
they do not .secfit to vote against the bill. There
is propriety in such a postponement. I think the
Legislature of the Union, acting solely for the ad-
vantage and welfare of the people of this District,
ought to have regard to the interests of a very
large class of poisons who are interested in prop-
erty of this description, and who will be very
seriously injured by the proposed measure if it
passes. * I submit, if it is necessary in order to
make these improvements, it would be much more
equitable, much more reasonable, that the neces-
sary means for the purpose of laying down these
pipes should be raised by a general tax upon the
whole of the inhabitants of the city, and that the
sum that is necessaiy and essential for the pur-
pose even of paying the debt that may have been
incurred in laying down these pipes, should be
paid off by an even assessmentupon the property
of all the inhabitants alike, improved and unim-
proved, inasmuch as the laying down of the pipes
is designed to be for the general health and wel-
fare of the inhabitants of the whole city.
With these statements, I shall move to strike
out the first section of the bill. I hope the Sen-
ate will see the propriety of such action at this
time, and that I shall obtain their vote in its favor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Jersey moves to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill, which will be read.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest that it is hardly ne-
cessary to read the section over again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
will be dispensed with, if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. In the first place, Mr. Presi-
dent, in regard to what are the wishes of the peo-
ple of the District, I do not know what means the
Senator from New Jersey has to ascertain what
those wishes arc; but, it seems to me that the best
criterion by which to judge of them, is the demon-
