1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
strations of the City Councils. I believe in 1860,
and again a few weeks ago, they passed resolu-
tions in favor of the passage of tins bill. Our
theory is, that they reflcct the wishes of the people
of the District. If there is any justice in that the-
ory, we have a right to come to the conclusion
that the people of the District desire that this bill
should pass. I have mixed somewhat with the
people of the District, more, probably, from the
fact that I am so unfortunate as to be a member
of the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and 1 confess I have not heard a single man op-
pose the passage of this bill, and I have received
but one single communication from any person
professing to be a citizen of this District, and with
whom I was not acquainted, and whose name
I never heard, who was opposed to the passage
of it.
I can readily conceive that there should be men
■who would be opposed to it; but I can hardly con-
ceive that any one would oppose it unless he was
a large owner of unproductive and unimproved
real estate in the city. They, of course, will op-
Eose it. Although their property will be greatly
enefited by the laying down of these water pipes
as it would be by the grading or paving of a street
or the laying down of sidewalks or of gas pipes,
yet I never knew a gentleman in my life who was
the owner of unproductive real estate who was not
perfectly willing to avoid the payment of taxes
and have the expenses of the government borne
by those who did own real estate and who were
realizing something from its profits. I can very
easily imagine thatgentlemen of thatkind should
desire that a general tax should be levied upon all
the property of the city to defray expenses of im-
provements provided for in this bill; but every
one will see how exceedingly unjust that would
be, after having compelled these citizens of Wash-
ington who own real estate, and who have im-
proved it to go to the extent of laying down these
mains or of connecting with them, and charging
them a rent for their water for a given length of
time, then to levy a tax upon thpm to lay down
mains for the benefit of persons who own real
estate elsewhere in the city. I apprehend that
that suggestion would not meet with much favor
here in the Senate.
One argument that the Senator from New Jer-
sey urges against the passage of the bill is, the
fact that it lias not been actcd upon before. The
Senator should remember that it is not long since
water was introduced into this city. Water has
not been furnished to the citizens of this District
until within the last two years. There could have
been no opportunity, and there would have been
no purpose, in passing the bill until within the
last two years. Waicrwasbroughtintoaremote
portion of the city only a short time ago; and it
is within the last fifteen months that it was brought
^ into that part of the city in which I happen to re-
side, and furnished to the citizens in that neigh-
borhood. But it is true that the citizens of the
District and the corporation of the District have
been attempting to secure the passage of some law
similar to this since 1860, for a year and a half.
We were so overwhelmed with business, and that
of a very exciting character, duting the last Con-
gress that we gave very little attention to the busi-
ness of the District. That ought not to be urged
as a reason why we should not give attention to
their business now; but, on the contrary, the fact
that we refused to attend to their business then is
an additional reason why we should give itgreater
consideration at this time.
The Senator did not say that these resolutions
of the Common Council asking for the passage of
this bill had been procured through any impi oper
motives, but he put a hypothetical case which
might lead us to suppose that persons interested
irrplumbing, in the manufacture of pipes, mechan-
ics and others, might have exercised a consider-
able influence upon the Common Council. IIow
far such considerations controlled them, it is im-
possible for me to know; but, sir, it cannot be
possible that there were enough in that council to
secure a unanimous vote m both branches, and
then the approbation of the Mayor of the city in
addition; and if there were enough tube influenced
by such considerations at this time, it seems to
me it would require a very strong stretch of the
imagination to suppose that a majority of the old
council were interested in contracts of this kind or
had connection with plumbing contracts or with
plumbers sufficient to induce that council also to
ask for the passage of the same bill. 1 do not
know how unanimous the vote may have been in
the old council, but I understand the resolution
passed a few days ago asking for the passage of
this bill, was unanimous.
An objection 1 understand is urged to this bill
because it allows the Common Council to levy this
tax either upon the area or upon the frontage of
the lot. I am indifferent as to whether that pro-
vision be retained or not. 1 would be content to
limit it to either. I agree, however, with the water
registrar that the true way to levy a water tax in
a city with a dense population is upon the area,
upon the capabilities, otherwise, of the land to
hold a population rather than upon the frontage
of the lot. But if that be any obstacle to the pas-
sage of the bill, I am content to let Senators amend
it to suit themselves.
Mr,TEN EYCIC. Onlyawordby wayofreply.
Ordinarily, I suppose, when a question is agitated
among a people who are entitled to vote, and
they elect a body to represent them on that ques-
tion, that body thus elected does reflect the sen-
timents of the people; and I confess if this Board
ofCommon Council in the city of Washington had
been elec^gd with a view to this water question,
that their voice would be an expression of the
sentiment of the people who elected them on that
question. But such high regard is not always
paid to the voice of the people as expressed by the
corporate bodies of this city, for it was only yes-
terday, on a very celebrated and excited question,
that we had the voice of the Common Council of
the city of Washington expressing their wishes
with respect to that subject, but it did not receive
much attention. I do not think they represented
the voice of the people in that particular myself.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to say that that was
altogether a different case from this. This only
affects certain rights in the city.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. But it was a reflection of
the interests and wishes of the people of this city,
as 1 understood it, and was designed to have no
other effect. That of course is merely a remark
in passing. It is entitled to what it is worth.
The Senator says there is no objection made
here except by the owners of unimproved prop-
erty. I should like to know who is to make the
exception unless it be those.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say that there were
none. I said I did not know of any.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Well, so far as he knew,
the objection came solely from persons of that
description. Fiom whom is it to come except
from the persons who are to be affected and influ-
enced, even in their pockets, if you see fit to put
it on that ground, in relation to this question ? If
a man happens to he the owner of two hundred
or three hundred feet of vacant lots lying along
the line of Fourteenth street, upon which are as-
sessed and levied yearly very large sums in the
way of taxation, he would naturally be opposed
to such a proposition as this, and would have a
right to come before the legislative body having
control of his interests, and appeal to that body
to relieve him from the operation of a bill which
would impose an additional tax of a dollar per
lineal foot along the whole line and extent of his
front, and also of his rear. Why, sir, these are
the men to object, and it is in behalf of these men
that I interpose tins objection to the passage of
this bill.
I notice in an act which was passed on the sub-
ject m relation to the introduction of water into
the city, dated the 3d of March, 1859, that it is
provided in the fourth section:
"That fur the purpose of enabling the coip.orations to
eariv our the provisions of this? act, it shall he competent
for them to borrow, in such propomons as they may deem
expedient, a sum ot money not exceeding $150,000 for the
cityot W:\*hi «ton, and $50,000 foi the city ol Geoigetown,
redeemable within a period of ten years out of any revenue
to be deuved from the water lents."
I understand from the chairman of the Com-
| mittee on the District of Columbia that one hun-
I dred and six or one hundred and seven thousand
I dollars, or about that amount, have been borrowed
for the purpose of making the improvement. By
the fourth section of that act, the principal is to
be restored within a period of ten years out of
the revenue to be derived fiom the water rents.
From the knowledge we have of the unprofitable-
ness, so to speak, of this improvement, or the in-
troduction of water into this city, it is manifest
that this loan cannot be returned within the period
of ten years out of the water rents.
It may be, for aught I know, that some peison
or persons interested in making a loan to this city
are desirous of securing an additional guarantee,
by way of legislation, for the^payment of this
debt by the imposition of taxes to a large extent
upon vacant lots in this city, where the %vater
rents are not now taken, and where there are no
houses erected for the purpose of affording this
revenue. If such should be the case, and there
is now a debt due from the city for money bor-
rowed for the purpose of effecting this great pub-
lic improvement for the health, convenience, clean-
liness, and general advantage of the inhabitants
of this city, which cannot be paid off in any other
way, or by the revenues to be derived from the
introduction of the water and from its use, I sub-
mit whether or not that debt ought not to be paid
by an imposition of taxes upon the inhabitants
of this city generally, and upon the property of
this city generally, improved and unimproved.
I do not mean to allege that any such motive
has operated in this case, because 1 do not know
that that is really the fact; but I have heard it
stated that such was the case; and it seems to me
to be x*easonable to suppose that that was one of
the means by which this bill was put in operation.
Whether it was so or not, I submit most respect-
fully to the State, that at this time, under existing
circumstances, when this city and the people of
this city absolutely groan under, the imposition of
public taxation, municipal and national, an addi-
tional tax, at least during the present rebellion,
ought not to be imposed upon them. With that
view, 1 respectfully insist on the motion I have
made, and I hope it will be agreed to. I ask for
the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Harm,
Kennedy, Latham, Powell, Stark, Ten Eyck, Wiiley, Wil-
son of Missouri, and Wright—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Colla-
mer, Fessenden, Foot,Foster,Grimes,llaifan, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Nesmitb, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sumner, Tiumbuil,
Wade, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—^4.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will move a further amend-
ment in the eighth line of the first section,after the
word " property," to insert the words " except
unimproved lots."
Mr. GRIMES. This is substantially the same
question that we have already decided. I wish to
state what will be the effect of the proposition.
For instance, here are three or four persons own-
ing residences on onesquarefr Three or four other
persons own real estate on that square which is not
improved. If this amendment should be adopted,
it will put it in the power of those three or four
men who own no improved real estate to prevent
the laying down of water pipes along that street,
to the great in jury of the persons who own the im-
proved property, and to the injury of the city, in-
asmuch as that property is so much more liable to
destruction by fire than it would be if the amend-
ment was not adopted. The purpose of the bill is
to allow every person to pay his proportion of
the taxes that may be necessary to lay down the
water pipes.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The effect of the first sec-
tion, as it now stands, in my judgment, is to en-
able one or two persons who iive half a mile from
any other resident along the line of a street to
have the'water brought to their doors at the ex-
pense of the owners of all the vacant lots through
that whole length of half a mile. That is the
effect of it on lines of street that have been laid
out in the formation of the capital, which have
not been improved on. I repeat, the object is to
enable them to have the water brought at the ex-
pense of the owners of the intermediate ground,
vacant, unimproved, and subject to heavy taxa-
tion now, where it is not likely that a house will be
erected for thirty years to come, with a view of
raising a fund to dischaige this loan, pefliaps, to
which I have alluded. I do not mean to make
any further trouble on this matter.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 15, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Coliamer, Davis, Dixon, Boo-
