518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ecutive. Sir, we are not living under a one-man
power in this country, either in time of war or
peace; and the President is justas much bound to
see that the laws are faithfully executed m regard
to the management of the Army as he is in tithe
of peace in reference to any other question. When
the Constitution declares that the President shall
see that the laws arc faithfully executed, what
does it mean ? Does it mean that he shall execute
them as he pleases t No, sir; but he shall see
them executed in the mode Congress has pre-
scribed. He cannot give a judicial decision; he
cannot pass upon the right between A and B; but
the courts decide that question; and the President
is as much bound by a law which we pass within
the legitimate sphere of the Constitution as is the
judge of a court.
The Senator from Pennsylvania speaks of a
war power outside of the Constitution. Why,
sir, there is no such war power beyond the Con-
stitution at all. He speaks of the rules of civil-
ized warfare. Well, sir, it is a sort of understand-
ing brought about by a kind of common consent
of mankind, that they will prosecute war upon
certain humane and civilized principles; but can-
not Congress change them? I should like the
Senator from Pennsylvania to tell me of any law
of war that this Congress may not change? We
may pass a Jaw to-morrow that the President of
the United States shall hang every man taken
with the garb of aconfederate upon him; and 1 toll
the Senator that the President of the United States
is bound to hang them, and cannot treat them as
prisoners of war, if we pass such a law. Cer-
tainly, beyond all question, we have that power.
We can pass a law and compel the President to
shoot every prisoner he takes, and he is as much
bound to execute it as he is any other law of Con-
gress. It would be very unwise to pass a law
requiring him to hang or shoot those that we take
as prisoners. I am not advocating it; but I am
speaking of the power of Congress, and I am an-
swering this monstrous assumption that the Pres-
ident of the United States, the Executive of this
country, is vested with the war power. Sir, the
people of the United States have placed this power
in their own representatives, m the Congress of
the United States, simply providing that the Pres-
ident shall be Commander-in-Chief of the Army;
and there is not one of the rules that the gentle-
man talks about that this Congress may not by a
law change, and compel the President to execute.
Sir, I do not propose going over the argument,
nor following the Senator. I promised not to do
that. I am sorry so much time has been taken
up on this question. 1 rose simply to enter my
protest against this monstrous doctrine which has
been advocated here to-day—that the war power
is in the Executive.
Mr. BAYAUD. 1 do not me for the purpose
of opposing this bill. I shall vote against it. 1
consider it a plain and palpable violation of the
Constitution of the United States. I know of no
power, executive or legislative, to establish mar-
tial law within the United States. 1 therefore have
no comments to make upon this bill. The pro-
visions of it speak for themselves. It assumes the
power to compel citizens of the United States to
act under military law without their consent, and
subjects them to the penalties of military law.
Though the Constitution says that private prop-
erty shall not be taken for public purposes with-
out compensation, it assumes the power, not to
seize private property, but the power to use U
temporarily for Government purposes without
compensation for the value of the property.
This is no new idea with me as regaids that por-
tion of the bill. 1 recollect very well that a person
of a very despotic temper, though claiming to be a
Demociat and a republican, the Postmaster Gen-
eral of the United States under General Jackson
and under Mr. Van Buren, Mi. Amos Kendall,
claimed that right to my knowledge nearly twenty
years ago—certainly sixteen years ago. I op-
posed it then, and. I shall oppose it now. I admit
the right of the Goyernment to take any railroad
if it is necessary for their purpose. They must
take the entire right of property. They cannot
take the use of it and compel the services of the
employes, which is not within the intent and spirit
of the Constitution, any more than they can take a
man's horse and use it until they destroy its value
and then return him the horse, and say, 4S we will
pay you for the use, but not the profit.55 I hold
to no such doctrine. I can easily see that such a
doctrine, if it existed, would easily lead to the
grossest abuses on the part of the Government as
against the individual citizen.
But, sir, I did not rise to discuss this question.
I rose merely to comment upon the singularly
suicidal argument of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, for whose integrity, capacity, and
independence of opinion, I have a sincere and pro-
found respect. Plow he could have fallen into so
singular an error as it, seems to me he has fallpn
into, appears almost incredible. The honorable
Senator tells you he admits that the President has
no right as an executive power to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus. He admits that there is a
law which thePresidentcannotsuspend; butwhile
he admits that, he says at the same time that the
power exists in the Executive of the United States,
I suppose as Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
to seize upon any rebel, whether he finds that
rebel in a State m which the laws are existent,
and in which courts are open, or in a State in
which the laws are suspended by civil war. He
makes no distinction; and in the course of that
portion of his remarks which related to the ques-
tion of the courts being open, he turned to me,
and I suppose meant to refer to me, as holding a
contrary opinion upon that point; and that is the
onlyreason why I make any remarksupon itnow.
Mr. President, it is not merely a question of
whether the courts are open; but it is a principle
of law that, to my mind, is perfectly plain. Both
the laws and the Constitution of the United States
are suspended over that portion of the territory
of the United States which is in the possession of
an enemy, whether it be a foreign or a domestic
enemy; and therefore, as the laws are suspended,
and the Constitution issuspendcd,itmnybe within
the reach of the military power there, where no
laws exist, just as it would be if you were invad-
ing a foreign country. You have the right to carry
out by military power just to the extent that the
usages of civilized nations will justify whatever
extent of power you think the exigencies of the
circumstances require. But, sir, I deny, unless
you mean to abrogate entirely the Constitution of
the United States, that such a principle can apply
to any portion of the territory of the United States
m which the laws aie not suspended in conse-
quence of being in possession of either a domestic
or a foreign enemy, or in consequence of the courts
not being open for the redress of personal griev-
ances. The doctrine, if true, comes to this: that
we are livingundersimply a military Government;
that because war exists—it matters not, for that
purpose, whether that war is domestic orforeign—
that, therefore, a Government of will on the part
of the Executive of the United States is to be sub-
stituted in place of a Government of laws. I ad-
mit no such doctrine. So far from thinking that
such a doctrine increases the strength of this coun-
try, I think it will lead to its destruction, if it is
sanctioned by Congress.
Sir, in all these cases it is the first step which
costs. Once accustom the people of this country
—1 do not care under what plea, whether of State
necessity, or putting down of rebellion, or what
you will—that within that portion of the United
States in which the laws are not suspended, in
which civil remedies can be afforded, the civil
power is subordinate to the military, and there is
an end of civil liberty; there is an end to repub-
lican government. "Sfou may talk about fighting
for the restoration of the Union; but if your res-
toration of the Union is merely for the acquisition
of power, apart from the preservation of the Con-
stitution and the principles of liberty on which
that Constitution is founded, is it worth the strug-
gle and the destruction of human life which will
ensue m consequence? is it for mere conquest
that you are fighting, or is it to preserve the Union,
because the Union is to save the great principles
of civil liberty upon which that Union is based?
J hold, thereforo,that the moment the gentleman
admits that the President of the United States,
without the authority of Congress, cannot sus-
pend the laws of the land unless that law is sus-
pended by the territory of the United States being
in the possession of an enemy, be that enemy
domestic or foreign, the law must inhibit the Pres-
ident from making military power superior to the
civil power. Your own courts have decided in
other cases during the war with Great Britain,
where the British were in possession of the State
of Maine, that while that possession existed the
laws of the United States were suspended. I admit
the principle. I admit it as to all the seceded
States which are in revolt against the Government
of the United States. But, sir, I deny the prin-
ciple on any possible ground of legal construction,
consistent with the Constitution and the preser-
vation of civil as opposed to military authority,
where the laws of the United States can be exe-
cuted by the civil power, that you have the right
to interpose military power and to over-ride the
civil power, because you may think it more con-
venient.
Mr. President, this doctrine of State necessity
is at all times adangerous doctrine. In truth, the
whole question comes to this: There are in reality
but two forms of government: one is a govern-
ment of will and the other a government of laws.
The United States profess to have a government
of laws. If you transfer that power, no matter
under what plea, no matter under what necessity
or what excuse, so that the mere will of the Ex-
ecutive or of his subordinate military commanders
can, without the laws which secure the rights of
individuals, trespass upon personal liberty, and
upon the rights of private property, where those
laws are enforced, there is an end of republican
government; there is an end of a government of
laws. There is the substitution of a government
of will, and that is a despotism wherever it exists.
The distinction is so plain to my mind, that the
question is territorial in its character altogether,
that I am astonished it should escape the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania. It is not a ques-
tion of whether the courts are open alone. The
question of whether the courts are open is a ques-
tion which is as old as the common law as regards
the question whether civil war exists. The ques-
tion of whether you can exercise powers not within
the sphere of the Constitution, and in disregard
of the laws, must depend upon the fact that the
laws arc suspended, either by act of Congress or
by the fact that the territory to which it is sought
to apply them is in the possession of an enemy,
whether that enemy be foreign or domestic. I
admit that then the laws are suspended of neces-
sity. It is a great principle of law, that runs
through the entire law of nations. For instance,
when you attempted the conquest of Mexico, and
succeeded in the conquest of Mexico, the moment
you entered into the territories of Mexico as a
military power, of course you were only bound
to observe the Mexican laws just to the extent
you saw fit by your military power, because their
laws can have no operation upon your military
power. The right of a conqueror'
Mr. COWAN. Allow me a moment.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall finish in a moment.
The conqueror, if he chooses to set at defiance
the usages of civil war, may disregard entirely
the laws of a conquered people, or of an invaded
people. He may, if he chooses, confiscate their
property. He may entirely desolate the country
which he invades. That is a question of foreign
war and as regards foreign enemies. When you
come to a domestic war, a civil war, where it is
not a mere combination or conspiracy of men, hut
where it has risen into the fact that a certain por-
tion of the country is held by those who stand in
the antagonistic relation of war to another portion
of the country, the same principle applies: that the
laws are suspended in that portion of the country
which lies within the possession of the enemy.
There, 1 admit, neither the writ of habeas corpus,
nor any other law of the United States, will pre-
vent the President from carrying on war without
legislation, on the principles of civilized warfare,
against those to whom this Government is op-
posed.
But the idea that in the United States the Pres-
ident can select an individual, and by designating
him as a rebel, has a right to hold him as a pris-
oner of war, is to my mind utterly indefensible as
applied to a free government. I cannot understand
the proposition that in a free government the Ex-
ecutive, by his will, can take possession of the
person of a man, living within that portion of ter-
ritory in which the Federal Constitution is in full
sway, in which the laws of the Federal Govern-
ment can be fully executed by the civil power, in
defiance of the Federal Constitution. Such a doc-
trine as that, that the President can undertake to
disregard the Constitution and the laws, and as-
sume the right to arrest and hold and incarcerate
