1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Sen-ate & Ho. of Reps.
directed the construction of eight, dividing them
into two classes ot about one thousand and four-
teen hundred tons, respectively. At the special
session, Congress not only sanctioned the action
of the Department in the construction of those
thirty-one steamers, but it authorized the further
construction of twelve side-wheel steamers of
light draught, and of six of larger capacity, to
be modeled and built specially for speed. Many
of those first ordered aie already in commission,
and the othersaroin rapid piogrcss towards com-
pletion. If with those above enumerated, we in-
clude three iron-clad, or armor steamers, which
are being built from the money appropriated for
that purpose at the special session, there will be
under these several arrangements an addition,
when they are completed, of fifty-two new steam-
ers, peculiarly adapted to the icquiied blockade
or coast-guard duty, added to the Navy. No
sailing vessels have been ordered to be built, for
steam, as well as heavy ordnance, has become an
indispensable element of the most efficient naval
power.
PURCHASE OF VESSELS.
The public vessels and the public yards, in their
capacity of construction and repair, were, how-
ever, totally inadequate to the demands that are
now pressing on this branch of the Government,
and the Department was compelled to resort to
the commercial marine to make good the defi-
ciency. Vessels of every class and description
were promptly tendered by sellers and their agents,
^vho, m many instances, became dissatisfied when
their offers were not accepted.
This now necessity of the Government, involv-
ing a large expenditure, and the purchase of suit-
able vessels, imposed an important responsibility;
and the task of making suitable arrangements to
insure the promptand systematic purchase, on the
best and must icasonable terms for the Govern-
ment, of a large number of vessels most suitable
for its use, was attended by peculiar difficulties,
and received mature consideration. The purchase
might be made directly by the Department, or by
boards of officers under its control at the piinci-
pal ports where the vessels were to be bought, and
especially at the gicat central point of supply for
such a demand—the port of New York.
But to both of these methods of procedure the
briefest trial disclosed serious objections. It was
manifest from the first that the Depaitment,
charged suddenly with the organizntionand super-
intendence of new and arduous naval operations
on a large scale, m addition to its current busi-
ness, could not possibly itself devote to the numer-
ous details of each case of purchase the time and
attention needful fully to protect the interests of
the Government. It was equally clear that boards
of officers, acting in a mere mercantile capacity,
new to them, and for which they had neither been
piactically trained nor professionally commis-
sioned, would be subjected to groat embariass-
ment and disadvantage in their dealings with soli-
ds of ships and professional ship brokers, in a
market suddenly pressed by a heavy and peremp-
tory demand. Yet the Department could rely,
and it did rely, with the fullest confidence, upon
the professional judgment and ability of its ord-
nance officers, naval constructors, and engineers,
all acting under the responsibility of their com-
missions, to investigate and deteimine the whole
question of the adaptation, in all respects, of each
ship offered, and of its capacity to be, by altera-
tion, fully adapted to perform the particular ser-
vice required by the Government. This work,
with the corresponding authority of selection and
lojection of all vessels, was therefoie exclusively
committed to boards consisting each of an ex- 1
perienced naval constructor and engineer and an ;
ordnance officer, convened and stationed for the ;
purpose at New Yoik, and the other principal j
cities. The mere mercantile part of the business— j
the making of the best bargains possible for the j
Government in each case, with the care of avert- |
ing all intervention of third parties, which might !
embarrass the attainment of that result—was con-
sidered by the Government to be. placed most >
properly m the hands of a mercantile agency of a <
high and established character for integrity, ex- ,
perience,and capacity. Obvious reasons,inciud- ,
ing the consideration that it is individual rospon- j
wibility which is always felt most keenly, and 1
that several agents, all acting separately for the
Government at the same places, would necessa-
rily compote with each other to its disad vantage
in the maiket, indicated that this agency should
be^ tendered to a single properly-qualified indi-
vidual, upon the distinct understanding that he
should devote his whole time,attention, and abil-
ity to the work; that he should m no case make
any charge against the Government for his ser-
vice; that ho, should deal ahvays directly and ex-
clusively with the owners of the vessels pur-
chased, thus permitting no brokerage fees, or
agents' commissions, between himself and the
owners; and that, finally, his own commission,
payable always by the seller, should in no case
exceed the regular mercantile percentage fixed by
the Chamber of Commerce of New York, and
established Jjy tho custom of merchants in that
city as the rightful and legal rate of remuneration
for such services rendered by any person acting
between the sellers and purchaseis of vessels.
The agent thus selected was a merchant, who
had been connected with one of the most success-
ful and extensive commercial firms in this coun-
try—a gentleman of great business capacity, and
of the most scrupulous and unquestioned integ-
rity. Relinquishing all private engagements, and
withdrawing from all business connections of
every description, this gentleman has devoted his
whole time and energies with untiring fidelity to
the service of the Department and the countiy.
By the system thus adopted, the very best ves-
sels in the commercial marine have been secured
for the naval service at moderate rates, and to the
great advantage of the Government. The course
pursued in these purchases has extemporized a
Navy at less cost to the Government, it is belie\cd,
than that required for the construction of the same
or equally serviceable vessels; and a question
which, at the commencement, was one of embar-
rassment and difficulty, has been disposed of, and
in no particular has the country been better .served.
Subjoined is a statement from the purchasing
agent at New York, with a schedule giving the
name, tonnage, price demanded, and cost actually
paid of every vessel that has been bought by him,
and also of all added to the Navy since the change
of Administration in March last. There is abund-
ant reason to congratulate ourselves that, on such
a demand, in such a crisis, we were enabled to
make so speedy and so largo an acquisition to the
naval service, and on terms so economical to the
Government.
The expenditure of fitting for sea service the
vessels at the different navy-yards, and repairing
and equipping those returning from our foreign
squadrons, has been large. Eleven thousand me-
chanics and laborers have been in the daily em-
ploy of the Government at the different navy-
yards m building and preparing vessels, and
equipping and arming them for service; but this
large force has been unable to dispatch the work
with the rapidity demanded, and the Department
has been compelled, m consequence, to resort to
private ship-yards and outside labor.
ARMORED SHIl'S.
To carry into effect the provisions of the act
approved August 3, 18G3, providing for the con-
stiuction of one or more aimored ships and float-
ing batteries, I appointed Commodores Joseph
Smith and Hiram Paulding and Captain Charles
H. Davis, skillful and experienced naval officers,
to investigate the plans and specifications that
might be submitted. The subject of iron arma-
ture for ships is one of great general interest, not
only to the Navy and the country, but is engag-
ing the attention of the maritime Powers of the
world Under the appiopnation made by Con-
gress, the Department, on the favorable report of
the board, has contracted for the construction of
three iron-clad ships of different models, the ag-
gregate cost of which will be withm the limits of
the appropriation. The difficulty of combining
the two qualities of light draught and iron armor,
both of which are wanted for service on our
coast, could not be entirely overcome; but the
board, m this new branch of naval architecture, j!
has, I think, displayed great practical wisdom, [; **
and I refer to their very full and able report, which
is appended, for a more explicit and detailed ex-
hibit of their inquiries and conclusions.
STE\ENS,S BATTERY,
In pursuance of the joint resolution of Congress
approved June 24,1861, authorizing the Secretary
j of the Navy to appoint a board to examine the
iron steam buttery now building at Ho boko n, New
Joisoy,and ascertain what will be the cost ofcom-
plctmg the same, how soon it can bo completed,
and the expediency thereof, I appointed Commo-
dores Silas H. Stringham and "William In man,
Captain T. A. Dornin, Chief Engineer A. C.
Sttmers, and Joseph Henry, Esq., Secretary of
the Smithsonian Institution, a commission, and
directed them to assemble on the 1st of Novem-
ber to prosecute the examination. The Depart-
ment has information lhat the board convened,
but has as yet received no report of its proceedings.
INCREASING THE EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
The efficiency of the Navy may unquestionably
be largely increased by creating moregrades, and
1 would recommend that the permanent organiza-
tion of the line officers be as follows:
Flag officer, to command squadrons; commo-
dore, captain, commander, lieu tenant commander,
to command single ships: lieutenant, master,
passed midshipman, midshipman, cadet.
The lieu tenant commanders, a grade used during
the Revolution, may be employed as first lieuten-
ants, and in the command of the smaller class of
naval vessels.
The present rate of pay may be so apportioned
among the different grades that in the aggregate
there shall be no increase. Let no officer be ad-
vanced to any grade above that of passed mid-
shipman, except upon nomination of the President
and confirmation by the Senate, after a board of
officcrsshall have pronounced him morally, phys-
ically, and professionally competent to perform all
his duties, both ashore and afloat.
The public i>ei vice would also be promoted wore
some limit of age fixed by law for active service.
I would therefore lespectfully suggest that line
officers bo retired after having been forty-five years
in the Navy, excepting when called into active
service by special appointment from the Presi-
dent. A generous pecuniary provision should be
made for those who are retired after long and
faithful service.
To satisfy the immediate demands of the public
service, I iccommend that a grade to be designated
flag officoi be established, and that the President,
j by selection from the present Jist of captains and
j commanders, appoint a number not exceeding
[ seven, who shall each have command, irrespective
j of seniority or rank, of the squadron to which he
! may be assigned, and the appointment shall cense
when the officer hauls down his flag, unless for
distinguished and meritorious conduct in battle,
as flag officer, he receives, upon recommendation
of the President, the thanks of Congress.
RETIRING BOARDS.
| Under the provisions of an act authorizing a
| naval retinng boaid, entitled " An act providing
| for the better organization of the military estab-
i liwhment," approved August 3, 1861,a boaid has
; been assembled, and is composed of Commodore
George W. Storer, president; Commodore Charles
II. Bell,Captain D.G. Farragut,SurgeonsChai les
Chase and L. B. Hunter, members; and Philip
1 Hamilton, Esq., judge advocate. The board con-
vened at Brooklyn on the 18th of October last, and
is still prosecuting its duties.
A like board assembled at the same place on
the Gih of November, under authorization by the
same law, for retiring such marine officers as have
bccome incapable of pei forming the duties of their
office. This boaid is compost d of Colonel John
Harris, commandant of the corps, president; Bre-
vet Major Jacob Zeilin, Major William B. Slack,
Surgeons Solomon Sharp, and Charles D. Max-
well, members; and P. T. Woodbury, Esq.,judge
advocate.
Availing themselves of the provisions of the
act referred to, several officers of the Navy and of
the maiine corps have, upon their own applica-
tion, been placed on the list of retired officers,
after having been forty years in the service of the
ACTING APPOINTMENTS.
In my report at the commencement of the spe-
cial session I made mention of the fact thai the
