1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend it by j
inserting this proviso: \
ProcUeil, nei-athdcss. That the circulation of bills of a I
less amount than one dollai shall still lemam piolnbiteci. j
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from Vermont j
add " or any fractional part of a dollar." They
might issue bills for §1 25.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be put in this form:
Provided, That tiie circulation of bills of a less amount
than one dollai ,or bills of any denomination containing the
fractional pan of a dollar, shall still be prohibited.
Mr. HALE. That will do.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Iowa to say distinctly that this bill does
not authorize the issue of small notes by any ex-
isting corporation >
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole of this subject
in regard to small bills is before the Committee
on Finance, and in the absence of the chairman of
that committee 1 should dislike to see the Senate
take any action upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to take care
that in repealing the law which prohibited the cir-
culation of bills less than five dollars, we shall
not allow the issuing and circulation of notes for
fractional parts of a dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The present law is habit-
ually violated, and I see no reason for keeping it
on the statute-book. It prohibits as an offense
what is so common that no one thinks of prose-
cuting under it. I am, therefore, for removing
the prohibition; but there is a question as to
whether we shall allow the old banks whose char-
ters have expired to issue small bills.
Mr. GRIMES. That not* touched by this
bill. The bill is designed to accomplish the vciy
purpose the Senator fiom Ohio suggests, to remove
from the statute-bofrk two sections of a law which
everybody in the District is violating.
Mr. HALE. I was drafting an amendment to
meet the objection suggested by the Senator from
Ohio when he got up. 1 will offer it, and though
it may not be exactly necessary, it can certainly
do ncf harm:
Provided, That this law shall not authorize the issuing of
any bills by any bank not legally authorised to issue them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that is agreed to,
I have a word to say. The act of 1854 contains
some nine sections. The first section, which this
bill does-not propose to interfere with at all, pro-
hibits the issue in the District of Columbia of any
note ofa less denomination than five dollars. That
will remain m force just as it is, after we pass this
bill. The second section of that act, which it is
proposed to repeal, makes it unlawful to pass or I
offer to pass within this District any bank note,
promissory note, or any instrument of writing of
a less denomination than five dollars, as money,
or in lieu of motley or of any other currency; and
the sixth section, which it is also proposed to re-
peal, provides the mode of punishment for a vio-
lation of that provision. This bill, as I understand
it, repeals those two sections and does no more.
I have only hastily looked at the law, and theso
sections interfere with the passing of notes which
arc brougiitheie from abroad. The law will still
remain in foiec prohibiting any corporation or
association or body politic in the District of Co-
lumbia fiom issuing small notes.
Mr, HALE. I happen to recollect something j
about the history of the banks in this District, ;
and it is a little peculiar; but I am led to refer to j
it by a remark that fell from the chairman of the )
Committee on the District of Columbia, and that i
was, that there are banks now doing business here ,
without any charter. Am I not right in that? i
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Missouri j
has had thatsubjectspec.ially referred tohim,and j
ho can spook undcrstandingly on it. I cannot, j
Mr. HALE. I think I can speak a little un- '
derstandingly upon it; and I think you can, too,
Mr. President. About the year 1844, I think, ;
the charter oi the banks then existing in this Dis-
trict expired, and there was an attempt made to i
get recharters. The House of Representatives at I
that time refused to recharter them, pretty ob- i
stinately. There were circulated at that time in :
the House of Representatives certain legal opin- !
ions of some geiuh-mon in this city eertifyino- that i
if the banks were not rechartered, or if something '
was not done, they could not legally collect their
debts. I am not certain that that opinion was not
signed by a distinguished gentleman of the legal
profession from the city of Baltimore; but it was
signed by some distinguished lawyers here; and
upon the strength of that, a temporary arrange-
ment was made by which some trustees were ap-
pointed simply for the purpose of enabling the
banks to meet that difficulty which was suggested
by the legal gentlemen who had given this opinion,
that was printed and extensively circulated. An
arrangement was made, the precise terms of which
I do not now remember, by which those trustees
were authorized to collect the debts. If I am not ex-
ceedingly mistaken, under that temporary arrange-
ment that was made for the convenience of the
banks, so that their debts might not be entirely
lost, and they deprived of any legal remedy against
their debtors, they have gone on to this day ex-
ercising banking privileges; at least, those of them
that have not blown up and exploded. If that is
the case1—it was for years, and I presume it is
to-day—with all due respect for these gentlemen,
and with, certainly, adisclaimer of any intention
to say anything unkind, I think it is a disgrace to
to the national capital that such a game as that
should ^e played right before the eyes of Con-
gress, and continued for years and years; and I
hope the Committee on the District of Columbia
will give their attention to it; and that they will
introduce some bills by which there shall not be
perpetrated in this District, under the very eyes
of Congress, a system of issuing illegal cuirency,
which has been continued for years under such a
pretext as that. Knowing what has been done
under that bill for the appointment of trustees to
collect debts, I desire to exclude the conclusion
that this bill which we now pass authorizes them
to issue any other notes than those they may be
legally entitled to issue, and simply to say that this
law shall not authorize the issuing of any bills by
any bank not legally authorized to issue them.
I move that as an amendment to the last amend-
ment pending.
Mr. COLLAMER. It would be better to say
that this act shail not authorize them to issue bills,
unless they are otherwise authorized to do so.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I will put it in that
form, tin d I move it as an amend mciit to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vol mont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendments be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Col-
lamf.r, to add to the lull:
rioviilcd, Ta i. the oneulatioa oi passing of bills of a le^s
amount than one dollai, oi bill* of any denomination con-
taining the iraetion.il pair, <">{ a dollar, .-dialI Mil! icinain pio-
lubiti'd.
The Secretary also read Mr. Hale's amend*
menWto the amendment:
And provided further, That this law sdmll not anthoi ize
the issuing of anv bills. of any bank not otherwise legally
authouzerf to is ue the same.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can see no possiblegood
in that last amendment.
Mi. HALE. It can do no haim.
Mi. TRUMUULL It is incumbering the
statute-book without any object in the world.
Certainly this bill does not aut horize any bank to
issue notes. It simply repeals those sections of
the law of 1^51 that prohibit, the passing of notes
under five dollars in tins District; that is all. The
first section of the act of 1854 still remains in force
here, and no bank m this District can issue a bill
under five dollars.
Mr. EESSENDEN. Is any bank m this Dis-
trict authorized to issue anv bill at all?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand not. I have
just learned from the chairman of the committee
that there are' no banks in the District legally ex-
isting; but individuals, perhaps, might issue shin-
plasters to circulate as money, if they could get
persons to take them. That is prohibited by the
law as it stands.
Mr. GRIMES. I am told—I do not know it
to be so, because none of these bank officers ha\e
conferred with me on the subject—thatthese banks
are now oigamzed with the old bank names, but
composed of stockholders who are aetmg under
a sort of limited paitnership law. I do not know
anything about it, though, for I have had no con-
ference with these gentlemen; peihaps the Sena-
tor from Missouri has had. But the committee,
when they introduced J-his bill, examined all the
laws that had been in existence before, and came
to the conclusion that there was no necessity for
any legislation on this subject at this time, at any
rate, in this bill, except to repeal the second and
sixth sections of the act of 1854. The second sec-
tion of that act made it an ofiense for any person
to pay out or receive a bill of a smaller denomi-
nation than five dollars in this District. The other
sections declare that nobody m the District shall
issue anything smaller than five dollars. There-
fore we have accomplished by the old law as it
stands and the amendment to it submitted by the
committee, precisely what the Senator from New
Hampshire desires,as I understand him; but I am
willing that the bill shall be amended in any way
that gentlemen choose, if they think it will be safer
to do it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state in reference
to this matter that perhaps a part of the blame
attaches to me that is thrown upon the shoulders
of the Committee on the District of Columbia, for
I have had in my hands for some considerable
length of time a bill the object of which is to en-
able the banks m the District of Columbia "to issue
small notes. I, of course, knew nothing about this
matter when it was first presented to me, and I
knew nothing of the laws of this District. When
I'came to investigate, I found the fact to be as
stated by the chairman of the committee. There
is no legal bank now in existence in the District
of Columbia at all. Banks existed here a great
many years under laws of Congress; they had been
incorporated by various acts from a very early
date down to about 1844; but those bank charters
have now expired, and there is no bank with a
legal existence in the District of Columbia. I
have asked some of these banking gentlemen with
whom I have conversed, under what authority
they protend to issue paper, and they tell me that
they have legal advice on the subject to the effect
thaj. they can issue paper. It is hue that they do
not pretend to issue paper of a denomination less
than five dollais, simply on account of the penal-
tics imposed by the act of 1854, two sections of
which are proposed to be repealed by the bill now
under consideration.
This is a bill proposing to repeal the second
and sixth sections of the act of 1854. The first
section of that act undertook to prohibit the is-
suing, emitting of bills of credit by any bank or
by any individual in the District of Columbia, of
a less denomination than five dollars. The second
section prohibited not the emission, not the issue,
but the circulation by individuals of bank notes
coming from other States, if,you please, of a less
denomination than five dollars. It is not proposed
by the hill under consideration to interfere with
the issue of paper by banks here, because there is
another bill pending before the committee which
undertakes to dispose of that subject. This bill
is only to relieve individuals of the prohibition
imposed by the act of 1854, theieby leaving in-
dividuals in the District of Columbia to circulate
bank notes from the States of a less denomination
than five dollars. But this bill will not enable the
banks to issue such bills, because they are still
laboimg undei the penalties imposed by the first
section of the act of 1854. and they are prohibited
by that section from issuing them. This bill has
nothing at all to do with the issue of small notes
by the banks of this District. It only enables in-
dividuals in the District of Columbia to receive
and pay out here small notes fiom the different
States. I apprehend that that is the only thing
intended to be accomplished by this bill.
There was a very great deal of complaint be-
fore the committee by citizens of the District of
Columbia upon this subject. They tell us that
they labor under very great inconveniences, and
insist that they should be authorized at a period
of time when small com cannot be obtained, to
receive and pay out these small notes. It is a
question for the consideration of the Seriate as to
whether this piivilege shall be gianted or not.
That is all that the present bill undertakes to do.
The amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will not accomplish anything. The Senator
will see, if he will examine the act of 1854. and
then examine the bill under consideration, that his
amendment does not accomplish anything. The
amendment itself is altogether propel; the amend-
ment itself would have met the concurrence of the
