22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
appointment of acting lieutenants had been con-
ferred on certain gentlemen who had retired from
the Navy in peaceful times, buj who, when the
flac was assailed, promptly tendered their services
in Its defense. It was not within the power of
the Department to restore these gentlemen to the
line of promotion, but they were placed in the po-
sition of, and assigned to duty as, acting lieuten-
ants, where they have rendered good service, and
proved themselves worthy of their profession
whenever they have had an opportunity, eitherat
Hatteras, Port Royal, the Gulf, or elsewhere.
There are fifteen of these formerly naval officers
who have received the appointment of acting lieu-
tenants. The question of full restoration to these
gallant officers, whose names are untarnished, and
who have acquitted themselves with honor to then
profession, is one of interest to themselves and the
country.
In pursuance of the policy indicated by Con-
gress at the extra session, there have been ap-
pointed from the commercial marine twenty-five
acting volunteer lieutenants. Great care has been
exerciscd in the selection of these officers, who,
beside their general reputation for nautical skill,
have undergone an examination as to their fitness
and qualifications by a board constituted for that
purpose.
There have also been appointed for active ser-
vice in the Navy, independent of officers of the
line, four hundred and thirty-three acting masters
and two hundred and nine master's mates. All
of these masters have had sea experience, and
nearly every one lias been a successful navigator
and commander in the merchant service. It was
soon found necessary also to require that master's
mates should have previous sea experience to
qualify them for appointment. In oider to pre-
pare the different classes of officers introduced
from the mercantile marine for duty in the naval
service, schools for gunnery and proper training
were established at the navy-yards, where the
appointees have been drilled and disciplined for
navy duty. The officers thus selected are, with
scarcely an exception, highly meritorious, and
would bo a credit to any service. Composed as
they are of the best material in the best commer-
cial marine on the globe, the spirit and zeal with
which they surrender their more peaceful pursuits
for the severe and rigid discipline of the Navy
does honor to their country and themselves.
The assistant paymasters authorized to be ap-
pointed by the act of J ill v last haw been selected,
but the increase of thirty-six was insufficient for
the service with the large addition of vessels and
crews that have been ordered. 1 have therefore
been compelled to make furthei appointments of
acting assistant paymasters, of whom there are
now sixty-one on duty. Their appointments are
temporary, for the cruise or the war, and made
when there are no unemployed paymasters or
assistant paymasters of the legular corps who can
be detailed for the duty required.
Acting appointments of engineers and assistant
engineers and of assistant surgeons have neces-
sarily been made, in addition to the regular corps,
to meet the new and extraordinary demands of
theservice. There has been an aggregate of nine
hundred and ninety-three acting appointments for
temporary servire made by the Department since
the present difficulties commenced. That there
may, in some instances, have been improper
selections in consequence of improper lecom-
mendations is not improbable, but such are ex-
ceptional cases. In some instances, men possess-
ing high and excellent trans in other respects
have been found addictcd to intemperance. This
is a disqualification m any officer, and whenever
this habit has been detected there has been no
hesitation in revoking at once the appointment,
MARINE CORPS.
The report of the commandant of the marine
corps is herewith transmitted. Under the provis-
ions of the act of March 3, 3849, with your ap-
proval, oidei.s were given in April and May to
enlist one thousand one hundred and fifty-two
additional non-commissioned officers and privates
to meet the requirements of the service. A large
number of able-bodied men of a superior class
were very readily obtained, and the increased
demand for guards for vessels has rendered ne-
cessary an additional increase of five hundred
privates, with the necessary non-commissioned
officers, which numbers you have recently author-
ized to be enlisted. A general return of thecoips
for October accompanies the report of the com-
mandant, and shows the actual strength of the
corps, ashore and afloat, to have been at that
time two thousand nine hundred and sixty-four
In July last, a battalion of twelve officers and
three hundred and thirty-six men, under Major
J. G. Reynolds, was detailed for duty with the
Army of the Potomac, under General McDowell.
They were in the engagement at Bull Run, and
Major Reynolds's report thereof will be found
herewith. A similar battalion of nineteen officers
and three hundred and thii ty men, under the same
officer, was dispatched with the expedition to
Port Royal.
NAVAL SCHOOL.
Temporary accommodations for the Naval
School have been provided, and the officers and
students made comfortable at Newport, where the
institution was located upon Us removal from An-
napolis, until Congress shall take some order on
the subjcctofitsfuturc permanent location. Much
of the public property appertaining to the school
was hastily removedj but many conveniences and
much that is essential were left at Annapolis,
wheic they still remain in charge of a person to
whose custody they were committed. No legis-
lation was consummated at the extra session
towards filling up the school to its full comple-
ment, m consequence of disagreement between the
two Houses as to the method of appointment,
although each branch expressed an opinion that
the deficiency ought to be supplied.
I would respectfully renew the recommenda-
tions and suggestions made in my former leport,
not only that" the deficiency should be supplied,
but that for a period, at least, the number should
be largely increased. In regard to the selection
of students, when Representatives neglect or re-
fuse to make the nominations, or when a district
omits to elect a Representative, it is suggested
that the President or the Secretary of the Navy be
authorized to perform that duty.
The institution is one of too great national im-
portance to be neglected. It is theie that the youth
are to be educated who in the future must main-
tain and elevate the character of the Navy. I have
deemed it important that the accomplished super-
intendent, whose fidelity to his trust was exhib-
ited under trying circumstances, should he con-
tinued in the position he has filled so acceptably
until the school shall be again permanently estab-
lished. I Jut, even under the disadvantage of a
temporary location, the country should avail itself
of the opportunity to educate, for a peiiod, at
least, double the number now authorized by law.
EMPLOYMENT OF FUGITIVES.
In the coastwisc and blockading duties of the
Navy, it has not been unfrequont that fugitives
from insurrectionary places have sought our ships
for refuge and protection, and our naval com-
manders have applied to me for instruction as to
the proper disposition which should be made of
! such refugees. My answer has been that, if 111-
I surgents, they should be handed over to the cus-
1 tody of the Government; but if, on the contrary,
i they were ftee from any voluntary participation
: in the rebellion, and sought the shelter and pro-
' tectum of our Jlag, then they should be cared for
! and employed in some useful manner, and might
ii he enlisted to serve on our public vessels or in our
| navy-yards, receiving wages for their labor. If
j1 such employmentcould not be furnished to all by
j, the Navy, they might be referred to the Aitny;
|! and if no employment could be found for them m
J' the public service, they should be allowed to pro-
ceed freely and peaceably, without restraint, to
| seek a livelihood in any loyal portion of the coun-
try. This I have consideied to be the whole rc~
:: quired duty, in the premises, of our naval officers,
jj NAVAL DEPOT ON THE LAKES.
j! i have been desired to invite attention to tlie
|j fact that there is no naval depot on the lakes, not-
withstanding the vast amount of tonnage on that
j, frontier, and to state that if there were one and
j! the ability to arm the merchant marine, our rights
i; on the lakes would be made secure.
CAPTURE OF SLAVER.
There has been but one vessel seized by the
African squadron for being engaged in the slave
trade since those mentioned in the last report of
this Department, the American brig Triton, by
the United States ship Constellation, m the Congo
river, on the 20th of May last. She arrived at
New York on the 10th of July, in charge of Mid-
shipman G. A. Borchert, and was turned over to
the United States marshal.
THE BUREAUS.
The reports of the chiefs of the respective bu-
reaus attached to this Department present the con-
dition of affairs coming under their cognizance in
detail. Their labors and responsibilities have
been greatly increased by the events that have oc-
cuned during the present year, but their duties
have been discharged with ability and fidelity to
the Government, and that, too, in many lespects,
under peculiar disadvantages.
The navy-yardsat Norfolk and Pcnsacola being
in the hands of the insurgents, the chief of the Bu~
leau of Yards and Docks has not had them under
his supervision but for a small portion of the year.
His labors, however, have not been diminished or
less arduous in consequence.
At no period since its establishment has the
Bureau of Construction had so great an amount
of labor devolved upon it as during the cuirent
year. Not only the design and constiuction of
the large number of vessels ordered to be built,
but the repair and equipment of all that have been
put in commission, with other attending duiiesf
have come under the cognizance of the chief of
that bureau and received his unremitting attention.
Theemergency has putin requisition the energy
and talent attached to the Ordnance Bureau, which,
under many embarrassments, has met the demand
upon it, and if, at the commencement of our diffi-
culties, the wants of the Government could not,
in all instances, be supplied with the rifled cannon
and Dahlgren heavy ordnance, that branch of the
service is now furnishing guns and munitions
with a rapidity and of a description unsurpassed
in any service. The occasion is such as to stim-
ulate into greater activity the inventive faculties
and powers of the distinguished commandant of
the Washington yard, whose services are as valu-
able to the country, and entitled to as high regard,
as those of the most successful flag officer who
commands a squadron. For more specific details
I would refer you to the report of the Ordnance
Bureau.
Most of the contracts in the Bureau of Provis-
ions and Clothing were made on the basis of a
force not exceeding eight thousand five hundred
men in actual service, but the greatly increased
numbers and the enhanced prices of many arti-
cles have been attended with serious consequences
to the contractors, some of whom have been un-
able to fulfill their engagements. I am happy to
say, however, that the vigilant chief of that bu-
reau has permitted none of our squadrons to be
; deficient in consequence of these failures.
The affairs of the Bureau of Medicine and Sur-
1 gcry have been further systematized and improved
1 under the judicious management of its intelligent
chief. Like every other branch of the service,
, the medical staff has been largely increased, not
| only in the regular corps, but by acting appoint-
| ments.
i The action of the several bureaus has been
1 eminently satisfactory undei the circumstances
' of the period. That the oiganization of the De-
partment might be modified, and an improved
distribution and classification of the duties that
legitimately belong toitbemade, I have, no doubt,
ji Some of these have been heretofore suggested by
!■ my predecessors, and are referred to by me at this
i time with deference, but with a sincere conviction
j that more systematic efficiency might thereby be
!j produced.
j' ESTIMATES AND APPROPRIATIONS.
!j The amount appropriated at the last regular ses-
[| sion of Congress for the naval service for the cur-
! rent year was §13,168,675 86. To this was added
; at the special session in July last, $30,446,875 91
! —making for the fiscal year ending June 30,1862,
] an aggregate _of $43,615,551 77. This sum will
ji not be sufficient, however, for the purpose, and
:: therefore additional appropiiations will be neces-
