1862.
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
out " $41,700," and inserting, in lieu thereof,
" $36,900;" so that the clause will read:
For compensation of' the Secretary of the Interior, and
the clerks, m^sseng^r, assistant messenger, watchmen,
and laborers in tus office, $3o,900.
That sum is what was appropriated last Con-
gress; and I call the attention of the gentleman
from Ohio to the fact that, as a matter of course,
the appropriation of last year was made in view
of the fact that the Census Bureau was in active
operation then as it is now.
Mr. STEVENS, is the gentleman sure that
the sum appropriated last session was less?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have the item here. It
reads:
'■ For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior, and
of the clerk?, messensiei, assistant messengers, watchmen,
and laborers in his office, $36,900."
Mr. STEVENS. It reads in the estimates of
last year, £41,700.
Mr. HOLMAN.
bill.
Mr. STEVENS.
t read it as it appears in the
I think thatif thegentleman
will add to that item the expenses for eight watch-
men, authorized by the act of 22d July, 1861, he
will find that it makes exactly the sum reported
in this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether that is
not a very dangerous way of proceeding ? There
is no difficulty at ail in ascertaining the amount
of appropriations by reference to the act of the
preceding year, when the items are carried out in
the same manner. But this increasing the amount
without increasing the objects to which it is to be
applied exposes the Treasury to frauds.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to call attention to
the item for compensation of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, &c. 1 move to amend
by striking outts $175,440," and insertingm lieu
thereof " $100,000;" so that it will read:
For compensation of the Commi^sionu of the Gencial
Land Office, and the locoid^r, draughtsman, u^.-Munt
diaughtsman, cleiks, mc?>.eng"r^, assistant messenger?,
packets, watchmen, and iaboreis in his office, $100,01)0.
In looking over the appropriations of last Con-
gress, 1 find that the sum appropriated is exactly
the amount which is proposed to be appropriated
by this bill, while every member knows that the
expenses of the General Land Office have been
largely decreased. The work of the office has di-
minished more than one half, and yet wepiopose
in this bill to appropriate the same amount as was
appropriated at last Congress. 1 call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to the fact that this Congress
was inaugurated under pledges of reform and re-
trenchment: but, although there has been a large
decrease in the operations of the Departments, the
appropriations for them tire either increased in this
bill, or are left as they were. I think the admin-
istration of Mr. Buchanan will bo found to have
been one eminently economical in comparison
with tins Administration, the lustoiy of which
we are making to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not doubt that Mr.
Buchanan ?s administration was economical. He
is a neighbor of mine; and I am glad that this
testimony is borne to his administration. [ shall
not deny it. But I do not see that there is any-
thing m this Administration which savors of ex-
travagance, where it can be avoided, considering
all the circumstances that surround us. Tnesv
appropriations are for the service of men who ate
employed und^j law. Thercisnof.idoll.il corn-
prised in this item for which these is not authouty
on the statute-book. We havo taken pains to
look at the laws. They me nil reeifed,and truly
recited in the estimates. If any of these offices
ought to be abolished, let an act for that purpose
be brought in. 1 will go as far as anybody ill
abolishing offices that can be shown to be unne-
cessary; but I do not see how either the Depart-
ments, the Committee of Ways and Means, or
this House can do anything more than make these
appropriations, while the laws r> main on the
statute-book. There is nothing in this bill which
is not authorised by law. Every gentleman e.m
satisfy himself of that by rofening to the laws'
Mr. HOLMAN". Will the ehanman of the
Committee of Ways and Means permit me to in-
quire of him whether it is not a well-known fact
that the labor of the Department of the Interior
has been largi !y diminished during the last five or
six months? The expenses of the Department
should not be as great by one third as they were
twelve months ago.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing to say that I
think some of these offices ought, perhaps, to be
abolished; but if that is not done, I do not see
what the Committee of Ways and Means can do.
The question was taken on the amendment.
The Chair announced that no quorum had'voted,
and ordered tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that, by common
consent, a vote on my amendment shall be taken
in the House.
Mr.WICKLIFFE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and the gentleman
from Indiana are holding a conversation over there
in regard to the expenditures of large amounts of
money, which no member on this side can hear a
word of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remaikto
the gentleman that he has already called them to
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall not press a division if
it be understood that we shall have a vote, in the
House on this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana withdraw his amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not.
The CHAIRMAN. Does he insist upon a
count?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not insist on a divis-
ion,the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means assenting that there shall be a vote on the
question in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the " noes" have it,
and the amendment is lost.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend by
striking out " $58,400" in the three hundred and
forty-seventh line, and inserting, in lieu thereof,
" $15,000;" so that the clause will read:
For additional clerks m the Gcneial Land Office, under
the ai t of' :3d Manh, 1855, gi anting bounty land, and lor
lahoirrs employed theiein, $15,000.
It will be perceivcd, sir, that the appropriation
here proposed is for additional clerks, under the
bounty land act. As 1 understand it, these bounty
lands were granted to soldiers who served in the
war of 1812; and the work is nearly, if not quite,
completed. And yet we aie asked to make this
large appropriation. Not only that, but affixed
to it is this very remarkable proviso:
Provided, That the Sccietary of the Interior, at hi« <lis-
eiction, t-ha]l he, and he is heieby, authon/.ed lo um  any
poi tion o! s-aid appropt mtion tor piece-woik, or by the day,
week, month, or year, at >ueh iate or rates a< he mav deem
ju-t and tan, not exceeding a <alaty of $V200 per annum.
I fully concur in the remarks just submitted to
the committee bymyftiend from Indiana, lie
has contrasted the course of this Administration,
in regard to its expenditures, with the coursc of
the last Administration; and 1 do verily belic\e
that the reproaches of that gentleman are entiiely
just. The party now in the ascendency on this
iloor en me into power on professions of economy,
retrenchment, and reform. I, for one, was elected
on that platform. And here we are mnkinsap-
ptopriatjons m this House for less than two bun-
dled members equal to those which we made in
formei sessions for a much laiger number. 1 might
cite innumerable instances of this kind.
{Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. J wish lhat g< ntlomon would
consider that these appropriations are made m
pursuance of law , and that it is not m the pov.f r
of one branch of Congress to repeal or alter the
law. If then; is to be this retienchment and
refoim, which I should bo glad to see carried to
the utmost extent, let bills be introduced changing
the laws, and changing the officers which are ap-
pointed under the laws as they now exist, and for
which we are bound to make appropriations. 1
tiust it will be seen by the gentlemen present that
the Committee of Ways and Means are bound to
report appropriations to cany out the law>sas they
exist. We have reported appropriations accord-
ing to those, laws, and not a dollar beyond.
As to the proviso the gentleman refers to, I have
merely to say that u is verv much the same as we
have been in the habit of appending to this item.
The same proviso will be found in the law of last
year, with the exception that it closes with the
words" just and fair," without the limitation now
attached to this, that the compensation paid under
it •ihall li-jt exceed $1,290 per annum. This the
Committee of Ways and Means thought was just
and right. We were of the opinion that, while it
would be well to continue the authority forgiving
outpiece-work, which is said to be more econom-
ical, it should also be provided that no one should
be allowed, through the favoritism of the Secre-
tary, to receive a compensation beyond that of a
first-class clerk.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
permit me to make an inquiry?
Mr. STEVENS. I will.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania has stated that the items in this bill
arc in accordancc with existing law, and I fully
concur with him that an appropriation bill should
be a bill setting apart the moneys authorized to be
paid for the purposes designated by existing stat-
utes. Now,then,I understand thegcntlcmanfrom
Pennsylvania to say that this item is for the pur-
pose indicated in the law to which Reference is
made. It was understood and so stated at the
time that law was passed, that the appropriations
under it were for temporary purposes purely.
But if the argument of the gentleman is applicable
to this item, then this appropriation is to be per-
petual, from year to year. My proposition is that
the necessity for the appropriation having nearly
passed away, the appropriation shall be reduced
so as only to meet the wants of the Department,
for the service in question.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the law should be re-
pealed . The law is still in existence. It is a per-
manent law until it is repealed-, and being a law in
existence upon the statute-book, it cannot be re-
pealed by this House alone, and it is the clear duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means to report
the appropriation. How else could we get along
without great irregularity?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. To enable me to
present a few remarks upon the subject of this
amendment I will move to add to the sum named
in the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
$20,000.
Mr. Chairman, a provision similar to this has
been found in this appropriation bill every year
for the last eight or ten years, and perhaps more.
It has varied m amount from time to time. The
probabilities arc that we shall pass during the
present session of Congress a bounty land law for
soldiers engaged in the present war—1 hope so
at any rate—that will require a large additional
force for its cxccution. But the committee will
observe that this proviso gives an alternative di-
rection to a part or the whole of this appropria-
tion, and it is to that particular point that I now
wish to call the attention of gentlemen. This
small pittance of §58,000 is the only one that is a
d iscretionary fund placed in the hands of the Inte-
rior Department, or any other Department, for the
employment of unfortunate and distressed females
in this city. I have the authority of the heads of
buieaus who have administered these funds m past
years, for saying that the labor which they have
secured by piece-work, under this appropriation,
has been most favorable for the interests of the
Government. It will be seen that this fund may
be employed by the Secretary of the Interior in
any of the bureaus, in the Pension Bureau,in the
Gencial Land Office, or in the Indian Bureau. In
administering it m past years 1 am inioimed the
.Secretary has never paid to any one person a com-
pensation equal to the maximum annual salaries
provided for eleiks; but that it has mostly been
poid out in sums of twenty and twenty-five dol-
lars, or at the highest fifty dollars per month. I
am authorized by those gentlemen with whom I
have conferred in a business point of view in this
regard, to say that the amount of labor thus ac-
complished by the piece isalmostdouble that per-
formed by the clcrks receiving an annual salary,
in proportion to the amount paid. In my judg-
ment, it would be well if some of these fast young
gentlemen weie sent home, and to school, instead
of being retained heie as fn st class clerks, and their
work given out to this meritorious class of females,
who perform the labor more handsomely and at a
less expense.
I hope that, considering the fact that this appro-
priation has been regulaily made for a scries of
yeais,and considering the meritorious objects for
which it h mode, the amount reported in the bill
will not be leduccd.
Mr. MAYNARD. While I do not yield to any
gentleman upon this iloor m my regard for mcrilo-
