X-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
from *an antagonism of race and hostility to the idea ot
eQU&lUy, with iho blacks involved in Pimple emancipation.
There the gentleman from Missouri touched
the true point; there he hit the right nail on the
bead. The leaders of the rebellion had diverse
aims; but it was only on one point that they
could unite the people. Who helped them to do
so, and how the white population of the South
<sras driven to frenzy on that point, I will not
stop now to discuss. A triumphant anii-slavery
party; resistance by mobs and State Legislatures
t® the fugitive slave law; the John Brown raid,
and the public rejoicing over it; the' fanatical
crusade in which pulpit, press, and forum Joined ;
the programme of the Helper book and the Chi-
cago platform, indorsed by leading politicians of
the North—these should have been weighed more
calmly at the South; secession and war could
afford no remedy for any of them. It was no
case for an appeal to the sword; the appeal lay to
the intelligence and sober second thought of the
American people.
And now, sir, in the midst of agreat civil war,
in which every incident is seized upon to heighten
and exasperate the angriest passions, even the
recognition of these small colonies gathers import-
ance from its relation to the subject of this strife.
The bill before us is not an isolated measure; it
iB part of a policy that has greatly contributed to
the severance of the Union; it is part of a policy
the prevalence of which in the councils of the na-
tion is at this moment the greatest obstacle to a
restoration of the Union and the successful pros-
ecution of the war. The futile question of sla-
very in the territories acquired from Mexico
threatened the Union in 1850; but the great intel-
lects of the generation that guided then the des-
tinies of our country—a generation of which a few
still tower among us—showed to the intelligence
of the American people that they were about " to
find cause of quarrel in a straw." Webster and
Clay and Cass and their compeers tossed aside
the " Wilmot proviso" likeafirebrand,and, with-
out proscribing: slavery, left it to make its dreaded
inroads upon Utah and New Mexico.
What followed? Let the census answer: in
twelve years, in Territories left open to it, slavery
established itself to this formidable extent: New
Mexico, twenty-four slaves; Utah, twenty-nine.
In Kansas there were many pro-slavery politi-
cians, many anti-slavery politicians, but, 1 be-
lieve, no slaves at all.
And now, sir, to come at once to the present
time; it has just been announced to the American
people, divided and impoverished by a mad strife
about this slavery question, that the Chicago
platform is at last fulfilled—the Territories of the
United States are free! Yes, we have achieved
freedom for the twenty-nine slaves in Utah, and
for the twenty-four slaves in New Mexico, and
for the cooks and chambermaids in this District;
but at an awful cost to the cause of constitutional
liberty throughout the world—perhaps through-
out all time! Why, it was such a futile question,
this question of slavery in the Territories, that
you might have left it to the first five or six men
whom you could get to act as arbitrators. Wil-
liam Penn, the illustrious founder of Pennsylva-
nia, once proposed to the States of Europe to
sheathe the sword forever, and settle all their dif-
ferences by arbitration. The great men who
framed a Constitution for the States of America,
realized that noble thought of Penn. They estab-
lished a great national tribunal, and gave to its
decisions the sanctity of law; thus they thought
to avoid forever the antiquated, barbarous, and
uncertain arbitrament of the sword. Before the
judges of this tribunal came this futile question—
futile as masonry or anti-masonry—the question
of slavery in the Territories. They could decide
it; not so as to please everybody; no private cause
is ever-so decided as to please both plaintiff and
defendant. But what society asks of its tribunals
is to put an end to strife—ut sit finis litium. The
Supreme Court pronounced against the proscrip-
tion of an institution once common to all the
States, and which fifteen of them still maintained.
Some thought the judgment right, some thought
it wrong; but it seems to me that the maddest
zealot will admit now that any peaceful arbitra-
tion was better than the carnage and devastation
of a civil war.
But, sir, politicians rebelled against that decis-
ion; they formed a political party to resist it, as
they resisted the fugitive slave law; they filled the
minds of the southern people with the fear that
the Constitution would prove no shield for the
rights of the minority; and now the hopes of the
wise and good are baffled, and the blind and bloody
arbiter, the sword,is settling for these States dis-
puted points of constitutional law. Yes, this futile
abstract point of law about slavery in the Terri-
tories was that on which politicians shouted "No
compromise!" " No arbitration!" " I?o Supreme
Court!" forgetting, or perhaps -not knowing the
deep truth uttered by the great thinker, Edmund
Burke:
"All government, indeed every liuman benefit and en-
joyment, every virtue and every prudent act, is founded on
compromise."
The apprehension that the party about to as-
sume power would so use it as to disturb the rela-
tion between the races was, as the gentleman from
Missouri has truly said, the cause of this rebel-
lion. Through it the rebel leaders roused the peo-
ple and raised their armies. Now, my notion of
policy has always been not to accredit those lead-
ers by doing all they said we would do, but, by
our action, to discredit them, and disabuse the
minds of the people. I would have the war pros-
ecuted for attainable ends; you may crimson' a
thousand battle-fields and never " wash the black-
amoor white."
To preserve the old frame of government, to
rally to it the old affections, to divide the enemy,
and to offer always terms that make submission
better than resistance—this has seemed to me true
policy, civil and military, such as the old masters
practiced. An eminent writer on military science,
Jommi, speaking of war against a united people,
says:
11 If success bo possible in such a war, the following
course will be most likely to m«nre it, namely: make a dis-
play o( force proportioned to the obstacles and lesi&tance
likely to be encounteicd, calm Hie populm past-tons in every
possible way, exhaust them by time and patience, display
comtcsy, gentleness-, and seventy united, and paitieularly
deal justly. The examples of llemy IV in the wars of the
League," * * * * "ol Hoehcm La Ven-
dee, are models of their kind, which may be employed, ac-
coiding toeiicumatances, with equal .success."
Sir, if to this time the people of the border States
had offered to the masses of the South a spectacle
of entire contentment and security upon this negro
question, I believe the credit of the southern lead-
ers would have been so shaken that they could
not have kept an army in the field.
I know that there are gentlemen who have
deemed all policy on this subject little better than
timidity; who say here constantly that they do not
care how much they irritate rebels; but the result
has not been happy. The gentleman from Mis-
souri ncares't to me [Mr. Phelps] told us thatFre-
mont's proclamation raised an army for the rebels
m that State; and other proclamations have been
issued, and billspassed here,thatmighthave been
drafted"'by Jeff Davis himself, they suit his pur-
poses so well. Such, it seems to me, has been the
tendency and the character of our African policy,
of which this bill is a part. It has doubled the work
for our armies.
Sir, the crisis seems too great, the proportions
of this rebellion me yet too vast, for us to treat it
flippantly. To achievc success that shall be last-
ing and substantial, it is not enough to defeat
southern armies. Till the masses of the south-
ern people yield a cheerful allegiance to this Gov-
ernment, we shall never have again the Union in
which there is strength. We may have a vast
standing army; but if it be fully occupied at home,
it can inspire no dread abroad. Till we again
have a cordial union of these once United States,
we are like " the house divided against itself;"
in the eyes of Europe we will be " the sick man"
of the western hemisphere. Nor do I see any
gleam of hope for returning prosperity to my coun-
try in the unnatural schemes for turning the fer-
tile regions of the South into a howling wilderness
of revolted negroes. As an American citizen,
nay, even as the Representative of a mercantile
community, I may utter my protest against that.
You must treble, too, your present army to ac-
complish it.
The restoration of the Federal authority was
the reasonable and legitimate aim that.enhsted the
northern and the border States in the prosecution
of this war. Wars of vengeance and ambition had
fallen under the ban of religion and humanity;
and to all war so many evils are incident that a
modern statesman, echoing the sentiment of Cice-
ro, declared that the worst peace was better than
the best war. I have, however, so far departed
from the principles of my Quaker forefathers as
to recognize the necessity of war. Even'ihe rivalry
of foreign Powers did not prevent them from recog-
nizing in this war a legitimate effort to restore au-
thority thrown off with precipitate and insulting
violence. But, sir, when, in the language of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,]
you turn this war into a " remorseless struggleover
the dead body of the Constitution," you will make
it repugnant to the sentiments and to the interests
of the civilized world.
I cannot see that the policy of which this bill is
a part, is statesmanlike and judiciousat this time.
The African policy of the majority of this Con-
gress is spreading far and wide a just alarm for the
future of our country and our race. Prompted by
that alarfn, we have seen men, bound together by
no party ties, assemble in this Hall when the tedi-
ous duties of the day were over, on a call "to
defeat the schemes of the abolitionists and the
secessionists." Thus were justly coupled the
authors of the ills that now afflictour country, and
I believe that throughout the land thoughtful, con-
servative, Union-loving men, eveiywhere, do so
couple them.
When Andrew Johnson, fresh from his seat in
thisCongress, lately addressed the people atNash-
ville, he told them: " Sumner wants to break up
the Government, and so do the abolitionists gen-
erally." Sir, it is in this day of double danger
to the Constitution that we are called upon to
weigh well the acts of legislation that may afford
countenance to either class of its enemies. When
I see with whom this Senate bill originated, I can-
not disregard the warning of Andrew Johnson.
I cannot recognize this measure as now prompted
by that genuine philanthropy of which political
abolitionism is the basest of counterfeits.
I know, sir, well, that the constant effort of
the abolitionist is to foster the belief that only
those whose interests are involved in slavery op-
pose the abolition policy. Representing a free
State, I may well say of slavery:
" What's Hecuba to me, or I to Hecuba,
That I should weep for her?"
Sir, when the Representatives of the slave States
exercised a large influence in this Government, I
never received nor asked their favors. Now,
surely it would not be a propitious time for a man
to range himself on the side of slavery.
But, sir, though no interests on earth are more
remote from me and mine than the interests of
slavery, yet 1 share to the full the apprehension,
the alarm that has been expressed by the Repre-
sentatives from the Uorder States upon this floor.
Sir, that alarm would spread to every man of my
constituents who loves his country and his race,
if the public mind was not lulled and put to sleep
with the word "colonization." I say the word,
not the thing; for no practicable and adequate
scheme for it has ever been presented or devised.
The word is sung to us as a sort of " lullaby.'' I
am fully conscious of the value, in this respect, of
the Liberian colony. But I will notbe misled by it.
It gives us the means of measuring the adequacy
of colonization to meet general, precipitate eman-
cipation. Sir, it is illusory; it does not tranquillize
me. When I see men bent on breaking down the
dikes and opening the floodgates that shut out an
inundation, I am nol tranquillized, because some
philantlnopist stands by with a pint mug, prom-
ising to bail it out again. Colonization may carry
offtheleakageand the runningover; butifyou sud-
denly let in the floods, it will prove but a " pint
mug" measure of relief. It is vain to suppose
that the industrial interests of the North can be
made to beara frightful expenditure to buy up and
send away the productive labor of the South. That
is political economy run mad. Indeed, when the
proposition came before us, one of my colleagues,
an eminent supporter of the Administration, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Stevens,] said, with his usual frankness,
that it made no difference whether we adopted or
rejected it; he said it was "about the most diluted
milk-and-water gruel proposition that was ever
given to the American people." Another distin-
guished colleague of mine, the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Hickman,] who voted
for Mr. Lincoln, 1 believe, called him "a coward"
for making such a proposition. While eminent
