522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
rious females, I still conceive that it is no part of
the duty of this House to legislate particularly
and specially for that most deserving class of the
community.
My colleagues upon the Committee of Ways
and Means well know that I was opposed to the
insertion of this appropriation in to this bill. I could
not see the application of the argument of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means in refer-
ence to conforming to the requirements of existing
law,to this amendment. As has been pertinently
said by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. F.
A. Conkling,] this appropriation was originally
made for certain additional clerks to execute a law
which in its nature was to be temporary in its du-
ration—the law gianting bounty lands to the old
soldiers of the war of 1812. The very proviso
appended to this item of the bill shows that these
clerks are no longer required to execute that law.
The law, to a great ex tent, has been executed; and
I submit to the intelligence of the House whether
upon the principle laid down by my colleagues on
the Committee of Ways and Means, under this
legislation of Congress, it is necessary to employ
these clerks year after year, after the necessity for
their service has passed away?
I hold that it is discretionary with Congress to
say whether they will continue this appropriation
or not, when we, as every man must sec from
the proviso attached to the appropriation in the
bill, that the services of these additional clerks are
no longer required for the purpose for which they
were originally appointed, or from the considera-
tion presented by the gentleman from Indiana,
that it is to be regarded as a sort of extraordinary
fund for the purpose of providing for distressed
meritorious females, or for giving out jobs to those
whom the SoereUiry of the interior may consider
to be persons in distress and deserving of assist-
ance.
1 think the amendment ought to be adopted,and
I would be willing to see the paragraph still fur-
ther amended, by reducing the amount to $10,000
or even $5,000, which I think is amply suiliejent
to procure the labor required by the law for this
service.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move still further
to amend the amendment, by reducing the amount
to $10,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman cannot amend his own amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will then oficr the amend-
ment the gentleman has suggested, and yield the
floor to him.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Now
York must then speak in opposition to the amend-
ment.
Mr.F.A. CONKLING. If the Chair will pn-
nut me to go on, 1 will not detain the committee
more than one or two minutea.
I understand that the only provision upon the
statute-book for the employment of these clerks
in the General Land Office is contained in an ap-
propriation bill of a former year. If that be so,
then 1 trust the argument submitted by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will not
weigh with any member to induce him to retain
this item.
And having made this remark, &ir, I wish to
say in reference to the views presented by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. White,] that the
claims of meritorious females are, in my judg-
ment, not to be considered in connection with this
appropriation. It is an old argument—I believe in
every legislative body—that there is charity mixed
up m some of these appropriations; that some
Department in some way is a sort of almshouse,
or a sort of hospital for the destitute or afflicted.
It seems to me that such au argument is unworthy
ot this place, and ought to receive no consideration
from the committee.
It appears,then, Mr. Chairman, that the ser-
vices are to be performed by these clerks under
this appropriation, during the year commencing
on the 1st day of July next and terminating on the
30th of J une, 1863. It is proposed that the same
item shall be inseited as was inserted during the
current fiscal year, when there were services to be
performed. That is the true state of facts as they !
now appear to the committee; and I will only 1
add the expression of the hope that the amend- 1
ment proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] reducing this appropriation from
$58,400 to $10,000, will prevail.
Mr. MAYNARD. I trust that the amendment
will be allowed to be made in this committee, so
that wc may have a vote on it in the House.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was rejected; only twenty-one
voting in the affirmative.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. F. A. Conkling.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that this appropria-
tion ought to be reduced. It ought to be reduced
to $25,000, or $30,000 at least, I move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York,to reduce the appropriation to $30,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana as a modifi-
cation of my own.
The committee divided on the amendment, and
there were—ayes 33, noes 52; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will order tell-
ers.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that the amendment
will not be insisted on, as it is very evident a ma-
jority of the committee is against it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I do not press my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair will consider
the amendment as rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
the clcrks, messenger, assistant messengers, watclnnan,
and laborers in his office, §110,540.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to $82,340. I would call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to this item. There is here an increase
of $28,200 over the appropriation for the same
purpose for last year. There may be an argument
in favor of this increase, and that is that possibly
there may be more business in that department,
resulting from our unfortunate war, tnan there
has heretofore been. But 1 would like the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to tell
us how it happens that wc can increase appropri-
ations without any law authorizing it, and cannot
diminish them ? It would seem from the points
of order raised here, that additional legislation is
necessary to diminish appropriations, but that
none is required to increase them. In this para-
graph is an increase of $28,000, and no bill that
1 know of has been passed at this session of Con-
gress for the purpose of increasing the force in
that department, either the force of clerks and
messengers, or the duties to be performed by those
now there.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot discover any in-
crease. The appropriation for last -year was
$110,540.
Mi. IIOLMAN. I think that the gentleman is
mistaken. I read as follows:
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
the ek'rks messenger, and assistant messengers, and la-
boiurs in ins office, .$62,310.
Mr. STEVENS. The estimates for the pre-
ceding year were $110,5-10.
Mr. HOLMAN. Looking at the last bill, I find
that the item preceding this is exactly the same
as that in the pending bill. The item following it
is also the same.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman refers to the
Globe. If he will refer to the estimates he will
see that the appropriations for the Departments
are brought together; and on page 30 he will find
that the appropriation asked for last year for this
same service was $110,540.
The question was taken on Mr. IIolman's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For expenses of packing and distributing congressional
journals and documents, v\ pun>u;mceotthe provisions con-
tained m the joint resolution of Congress, approved 28th of
Jtimuny, 1857, am! act 5tb of Febiuary, 1859, $6,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to reduce that
appropriation to $3,000. I will only remark, Mr.
Chairman, ihat the appropriation for this purpose
foi the current fiscal year was only $3,000. I
venture again to remind the committee that we
arc making appropriations for about a third smaller
number of members for the coming year than were
made for the curient year. Yet ft is proposed to
increase the amount for this service from $3,000 to
$6,000. I move to reduce it, therefore, to $3,000.
Mi. STEVENS It will be recollected that the
appropriation to which the gentleman refers was
for a single session, while this appropriation is for
two sessions of Congress. It is the amount esti-
mated by the Department, and was therefore em-
braced in the bill.
Mr. SPAULDING. The hour has now arrived
for taking up the special order, and I hope the
committee will go into the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the motion that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Lovejoy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly the
executive, legislative, and judicial appropriation
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
DEMAND NOTESj ETC.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the special order, which was House
bill No. 240, to authorize the issue of United States
notes, and for the redemption or funding thereof,
and for funding the floating debt of the United
States.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of Jlmericain Congress assembled, That,
for temporary purposes, the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to issue, on the credit of the
United States, $100,000,000 ot United States notes, not bear-
ing interest, payable to bearer at the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, or at the office of the Assistant Treasurer in the
city of New York, at the pleasure of the United States, and
of such denominations as he may deem expedient, not less
than five dollais each ; and such notes, and all other Uni-
ted Stages notes, payable on demand, not beanng interest,
heretofore authorized, shall be receivable for all debts and
demands due to the United States, and for all salaries, debts,
and demands owmgby the United States to individuals, eoi-
poiations, and associations within the United States; and
shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in payment of
all debts, public and private, within the Unit<yi States ; and
any holder of said United States notes depositing any sum not
less than fifty dollars, or other than a multiple of fifty, with
the Treasurer of the United States, or either of the Assistant
Treasurers,or either of the designated depositaries at Cincin-
nati or Baltimore, shall receive in exchange therefor dupli-
cate certificates of deposit, one of which may be transmitted
to the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall thereupon issua
to the holder an equal amount in bonds of the United States,
coupon or legistered, as may be desired, bearing interest at
the rate of six per cent., and redeemable at the pleasure of
the Government after twenty years from date, or m sums
not less than $2,500, for which, if lequested, theSecietary,
if he deems it expedient, may issue similar bonds, the prin-
cipal and interest of which may be expressed in the cui reney
of any foreign eountiy, and payable there. And such Uni-
ted States notes shall be received the same as coin, at their
par value, in payment for any bonds that may be hereafter
negotiated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and may be re-
issued fiom time to time, as the exigencies of the public ser-
vice may require. There shall be printed on the back of the
United States notes, which maybe issued under the pro-
visions of this act, the following words: " The within note
is a legal tender in payment of ail debts, public and private,
and is exchangeable for bonds of the United States bearing
six per cent, interest."
Sec. 2. Jlnd belt further enacted, That to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to tund the Treasuty notes and float-
ing debt of the United States, he is hereby authorized to
issue, on the credit of the United States, coupon bonds, or
registered bonds, to an amount not exceeding $500,000,000,
and redeemable, at the pleasure of the Government, after
twenty years from date, and bearing interest at the late of
six per cent, ppr annum, payable semi-annually. And the
bonds heiem authorized shall be of such denominations,
not less than fifty dollars, as may be determined upon by the
Secretary of the Tieasury, or in sums not less than $*3,500,
for which, it'requested, the Secretary, if he deems it expe-
dient, may issue similar bond?, the piincipal and interest
of which may be expressed in the currency of any foreign
eountiy, and payable theie. And thy Secretary ofthe Treas-
my is authoiized to issue said bonds, at their par value, to
any creditoi or creditors ofthe United States who may elect
to receive them in satisfaction of their demands : Provided,
That all such claims or demands shall have been first aud-
ited and settled by the proper accounting officers of the
Ticasuiy. And the Secretary of the Treasury may also
exchange puch bonds at any time for lawful money of the
United States, or for any of the Tieasuiy notes that have
been or may hereafter be issued undei any former act of
Congress, oi that may be issued under the provisions of
this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the United States
notes and bonds authoiized by tins act, or that have been
heretofore authorized, shall be signed by the Treasuierof
the United States, or for the Treasuier by such persons as
may be specially appointed by the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury for auch purpose, and shall be countersigned by the
Register of the Treasury, or for the Register by such per-
sons as the Secretaiy ofthe Tieasury may specially appoint
for such purpose; and all the piovisions ofthe act entitled
k£ An act to authorize the isoue of Treasury notes," ap-
proved the 23d day of December, 1857, so far as they can
be applied to tins act, and not inconsistent thcicwith, arc
hereby xevived and reenacted; and the sum of §300,000 is
hereby appropuated, out of any money in the Treasury not
othei wise appropriated, to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to eairy this act into effect.
