1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545
mittee rose, it had under consideration the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Pendleton to the one hun-
dred and seventh section, to strike out the word
" next," and to insert in lieu theieof " 1863;" so
that the scction would read:
Sec. 107. Jlrtd he itfurther enacted., That on and after the
l^t day of May, 1SS3, there s-liall be levied, collected, and
paid on all s-nlaries of officers, or payments to persons in the
civil, mil ltaiy, naval, or other employment or set vice ofthe
United States, including Senators and Member? of Con-
gress, when exceeding the rate of $600. a duty of three per
cent on the excess above the said §800; and itshali bo the
duty of all paymasters and all disbursing officer* under the
Government oi the (Jmted State*:, or in the employ thereof,
when making any payments to officers and persons, as afore-
said, or upon settling and adjusting the accounts of such
offieoi.s and persons, to deduct and withhold the afoiesaut
duty of three per cent., and shall at the same time make a
certificate stating the name of the officer or person ftom
whom such deduction was made,and the amount thereot,
which <*hall he transmitted to the office of the Comuns-
sionei of Internal Revenue, and entered as part of the in-
ternal duties; and the pay-roll, leceipts or account ot offi-
oei < or persons, paying-5tu h duty, a  aiores>aid,5>hall be made
to exhibit the tact ol such payment.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 desire to say that I
offered that amendment, believing it would make
this section conform to the other sections reletting
to the income tax. Further examination of those
sections, and an exposition from a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, have satisfieTl
me that I was m error. I therefore ask leave to
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in as an additional sec-
tion before the one hundred and eighth section:
Sfc.—. .Ind, he it further enacted, That whenever, by
this act, any Iiccihp, dutv, or tax of any description lias
been imposed on any eoiporate body, oi on the piopeifyof
any incoipoiatc company, nMiall be lawful toi the Coui-
misnonei of Internal Revenue to ptesctibe and determine
in what district such tax bhall be assessed and collected,
and to what oflicei theieof the official notice tequired in
that behalf shall be given, and of whom payment oi Mich
tax shall be demanded.
That section is offered mainly in reference to
rail load companies that run through different sec-
tions and States.
Mr. STEVENS, i think the amendment is
right enough.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask consent
of the committee to go back, and move to insert
in the 72d page a new paragraph, after " stoves
and hollow ware."
There being no objection,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
by inserting:
Cf j-t iron used foi bridges, building, or other permanent
structures, one doliai pei ton: Provided^ That bar iron u^cd
for like put po>es shall be charged no additional duty beyond
the specific duty imposed by this .let.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOOPER asked unanimous consent to
offer an amendment to the seventy-third section.
There boing no objection,
Mr. HOOPER moved to amend, by inserting
the following:
On machine belting of all kinds, a duty of three per cent.
ad valorem; on conducting ho^e of all kinds for conducting
watei or other fluid, a duty of three per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PENDLETON, f move to amend, by
inserting as an additional section, the following:
See — .find be it further enact ed, That on and after the
M day of Ma v. 1862, there shall be levied and collected on
all moiievs ctedits investments in bonds notes, stocks,
joint stocks herembeioie lequned to be lifted, (except in-
vestments in the bonds of railroad companies specified in
the sevvutj-uinth jpection of this act, and investments in
the stock of banks, savings institutions, fire, marine, life,
Ptoek. and mutual iuMuance companies, a-* specified in the
eightieth seel ion of this act.) the annual duty of one fifth
of one per cent. j
The object of my amendment, Mr. Chairman, j
is to bring upon the list of taxable property that i
immense amount of capital not invested in indus- j
trial pursuits, not subject to increase from labor, j
but represented by money at interest or invested 1
in tiado in money, or in promises to pity money. !
The fivt? minutes allowed would not give me an j
oppoitunity to go into all the questions suggested i
by this amendment; but I will state, as briefly as ;
I can, the considerations which, I think, dictate !
the adoption of this amendment. The object of
this bill seems to be to tax all capital in some
shape, either when it appears m the oiigmal ele- ■
ments of value, or when it takes the shape of
pioductions, and represents the original value en-
hanced by the superadded value of skill and labor.
It taxes the capital of the agriculturists in the
shape of land. As the bill was originally reported,
it taxed capital when invested in tobacco. It taxes
now,capital when invested in whiskyormanufac-
tures, and, as it seems to me, in almost every-'
possible shape in which it can be found.
JNoWj-why is it that capital reptesented by
money, invested in money, should not just as well
be taxed? It returns an interest with certainty,
celerity, and great security. It does that without
labor or trouble on the part of the man who invests
it. It seems to me that, besides being a legitimate
subject of taxation, it will yield a large amount of
revenue to the Government, and from that source
which will feel the taxation the least.
Capital invested in money, by reason of the fa-
cility with which it is converted, the necessity of
its constant employment, and the large returns
which it yields, is a very legitimate subjectof tax-
ation, and a very fruitful source of revenue to the
Federal Government. But, sir, if this were not
so, I still think the symmetry of this bill requires
the incorporation of this section. Withoutit, tax-
ation will be unequal and unjust. Let me illus-
trate: suppose three men have each $10,000, outof
which they can each realize $600 a year. The one
who has his money invested in land is taxed; and
in my State, according to the rate of taxation im-
posed by the tax bill of last year, he is taxed two
or three cents on the $100, or twenty-five dollars
per annum. The second has his $10,000 invested
in railroad bonds or the stocks of banks or insur-
ance companies, and he is taxed three per cent, on
the $600 which it yields. But the third, who in-
vests his $10,000 in bond and mortgage, in a prom-
issory note, or in half a dozen promissory notes,
pays nothing but the simple stamp on bond or note.
JNow, 1 do not think that that is equitable. 1 do
not think that it deals out even-handed justice
between those who deal in money and those who
in vest their money in land, manufactures, or indus-
trial pursuits. The amendment excludes invest-
ments m the bonds of railroad companies and in
the stock of insurance and bank companies, be-
cause they are already taxed by the bill. If the
amendment is adopted, I will offer others which
will perfect the machinery by which taxes of this
kind are to be assessed and collected.
Mr. b\ A. CONKL1NG. Will not the income
tax cover the case ?
Mr. PENDLETON. No, sir. Because the
income tax does not take effect till the income
exceeds $6*00. The case that I put is one in which
the income does not come up to the point where
the income tax commences. And yet you tax the
land of one, the bonds and stocks of the other, but
you do not tax the money of the third. It goes
untaxed.
But again: even when the income tax is imposed,
the owner of money escapes his just amount of
taxation; he pays nothing but the income tax.
The owner of land pays tax on his land; the
manufacturer pays upon his manufactuies; the }
dealer in spirits on his sales; and each of them I
pays the income tax also. j
The just and proper system of taxation is to j
put upon the tax duplicate, and subject to the pay- |
ment of taxes, every species of property and every !
character of interest winch derives protection from [
the Government. Thus the burdens are eqiuta- i
bly distributed throughout the community; thus i
the rule of reciprocal obligation between the pco- ;
pie and the Government—protection and support J
—is carried out; thus, as the basis of taxation is ;
enlarged, the rate of taxation may be reduced. As :
this bill now stands, it is not so. The gentleman 1
from Vermont [Mr. Moriiill] told us, on behalf '
of the Committee of Ways and Means; that this 1
bill was designed to yield, and probably would ;
yield, about one hundred millions of dollars. The j
population of the loyal States is about twenty- j
three millions, of which the State of Ohio contains j
two millions three hundred thousand, or one tenth ]
ofthe whole number. The value of the real and per-
sonal property in the loyal States is, as*Mr. Chase
informed us m his last report, $11,000,000,000.
The value of the n?al and personal property in the
State ofOhio,according to itstax duplicate,isabout
$900,000,000, less than one twelfth of the whole
Ohio, therefore, ought not, by reason either of its
population or its wealth, to pay quite one tenth of
all the taxes levied by this j^ill. I have taken some |
pains to ascertain the amount which will be paid j
by the city of Cincinnati alone, if this bill shall j
become a law. I have taken my data from the j
reports of the Chamber of Commerce of that city, J
and such other sources of information as were im- '
mediately accessible. The statistics as to spirits
were given me by gentlemen lately here, whose
opportunity of knowing accurately, and whose
disposition to state correctly, none will question.
The amount of whisky distilled and used daily
is about 1,500 barrels distilled, 500 barrels recti-
fied, and 250 barrels mixed in the manufacture of
wine, gin, brandy, and other domestic liquors.
The manufacture of ale and beer reaches 200,000
barrels yearly. The report of the Chamber of
Commerce for 1858 shows that the manufacture of
furniture that year amounted to $6,444,000; that
themanufactureof ready-made clothingamounted
to $15,000,000; thatthe manufactureofiron (foun-
dery castings, bar, sheet, nails, tubular, bridge*
&c.,) amounted to nearly twelve millions of dol-
lars.
The same report docs not mention the manu-
facture of soap and candles, but shows the export
of that year to have been of candles, 220,075
boxes, and of soap',62,790 boxes,anamount very
far below—I cannot say how far—the amount
manufactured. The production of wine the next
year, just on the outskirts of the cjty, reached
500,000 gallons. The hogs killed last winter were
473,000, and the beef killed the year before were
59,009. The total value of manufacturing and in-
dustrial products reached, in 1858, $112,254,400.
The tax laid by this bill would produce on the
whisky, $4,560,000: on ale and beer, $200,000; on
furniture, $193,000; on clothing, $495,000; on iron
manufactures,$350,000;onhogsand beef, $76,000;
on native wine, $25,000; on soap and candles, (ex-
ported alone,) $100,000; making on these eight
articles alone the sum of $5,999,000.
Suppose the manufacturing and industrial pro-
ducts liable to taxation, not enumerated above,
to amount to $40,000,000 more, and at the rate
of three per cent., which is the late fixed on all
manufactures not specially enumerated in the bill,
$1,200,000 would be added to the taxes, making
$7,199,000, exclusive of stamp duties, land taxes,
income tax, licenses, taxes on railroads, banks,
insurance companies, auction sales, and whatever
else may be imposed by the bill. Thisamountthe
city of Cincinnati alone will pay on these eight arti-
cles. I have no data from which to make an esti-
mate of the amount which will be paid on other
articles. It will be a vei y large amount; certainly,
I think, enough, payable in Cincinnati alone, to
amount to four fifths of the whole sum fairly to
be paid by the whole State, and more than six
times as much as that city has ever been called on
to pay for the support of State, county, and mu-
nicipal governments. If these statistics are cor-
rect, the estimate cannot vary much from the true
result. I submit, sir, either that the committee
has greatly erred in its estimate of the amount
which this bill will yield, or that they have failed
to assess its burdens fairly and equitably on all the
different interests in the country. In either event,
the amendment which 1 have offered will tend to
perfect the bill. It will bring upon the tax list a
large amount of property which will otherwise be
exempt, and will also enable the committee to
reduce still lower the rate of taxation by the bill
provided.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing to tax the peo-
ple as much as they will bear if U is necessary to
carry on this war, but 1 am not willing to tax
them twice over m the same bill. If the pending
amendment is adopted, we ought to strike out the
income tax altogether, and insert this in its place,
for 1 believe there is no single item in the gentle-
man's amendment that is not taxed in the shape
of income. But, sir, I will not multiply words to
show that the amendment ought not to be adopted.
It will lay a double tax upon the same article, and
I hope the committee will not adopt it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The one hundred and ninth section was read,
as follows:
?ec. 109. *flnd be it further cnactcd, That from and after
the date on which this act lakes effect theie shall be an
allowance on all flour, salt, wine, spirituous liquor, ale,
beer, iager beer, porter, or malt liquois, and on goods wares,
and urtteles manufactured on which any interna! duty or
tax shall have been paid, equal m amount to the duly or tax
paid thereon, and nomoie, when exported, the. evidence
that any such dutj or tax has been paid, to be furnished to
the satisfaction of The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
by such person or peisons as shall claim the allowance or
drawback, and the amount to be ascertained under such
i emulations as shall fiotn tunc to time be piet-cubcd by the
Commissioner ot Interna! Kevenue, under the direction of
the Secretai) ofthe Treasuiv, and the same shall be paid by
the warrant ofthe Secretary of the Tieasuiyon theTreas-
utcr of the United States out of any money arming from
