1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2507
the amount of real estate that could be held by
any corporation of that character in a Territory,
to the value of $50,000, instead of$100,000. Ithink
$100,000 too much. I am satisfied there is great
danger in that Territory, under its present gov-
ernment, that the ecclesiastical institutions which
prevail there will ultimately become the owners
in perpetuity of all the valuable land in that Ter-
ritory, and so afford anucleus for the permanence
of their general institutions, unless a stop be put
to it by act of Congress.
I have now stated the provisions of the amend-
ment as proposed by the committee. The first
section of the bill is altered so as to punish the
crime of bigamy, but leaving the question of co-
habitation or mere adultery apart from the crime
of bigamy, without reference to any action of Con-
gress. The second section is exactly the same as
the section in the House bill. The third section
is a new one, the object of which is to operate in
the nature of a mortmain law, to prevent the en-
tire property of that Territory being accumulated
in perpetuity in the hands of a species of theo-
cratic institutions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I shall probably vote for the bill;
but I should like to know from the chairman of
the committee if its provisions are not inconsist-
ent with 
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to move to strike out
" $100,000" and insert "§50,000," in the third
section.
Mr. HALE. I will wait until that is decided.
Mr. BAYARD. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tion is not now in order, the amendment of the
committee having been adopted. It will be in
order when the bill shall have been reported to
the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I was only going to say that I
had been looking at a decision of the Supreme
Court in which the rights of Congress over the
Territories are examined with some care, and it
occurred to me that possibly the provisions of this
bill might be inconsistent with some of the doc-
trines and dogmas of that decision. I refer to a
case decided in the Supreme Court at the Decem-
ber term of 1856, entitled, " Dred Scott vs. Sand-
ford," and the doctrine was pretty thoroughly
gone over in that decision as to how far the powers
of Congress extended over the Territories. It
strikes me that by analogy this bill infringes upon
that decision, for I remember that one of the expo-
nents of the true faith on this floor used to illustrate
this dogma at least as often as once a month by
saying that the same law prevailed as to the regula-
tion of* the relations of husband and wife, parent
and child, and master and servant. I think at least
once a month for years that was proclaimed to be
the law. If the national Legislature have no more
power over the relation of husband and wife—
for that seems to be the one touched here—than
over master and slave, it seems to me that if we
mean to maintain that respect which is due to so
august a tribunal as the Supreme Court of the
United States, we ought to read the Dred Scott
decision over again, and see if we are not in danger
of running counter to it. It strikes me decidedly
that we are; and at this time when there is so much
necessity for invoking all the reverence there is
in the country for the tribunals of the country, it
seems to me we ought to tread delicately when
we trench upon things that have been so solemnly
decided by the Supreme Court as this has. But
as the gentleman who reports the bill is a member
of the Judiciary Committee, if it is clearly his opin-
ion that we can pass this bill without trenching
upon the doctrine of the Dred Scott decision, I
shall interpose no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 will not be drawn into any
argument. It is sufficient to say that I have read
the decision to which the honorable Senator al-
ludes, I think with some care, and in my judg-
ment this bill is entirely within its principles as
well as within the decision itself. I cannot see the
contrariety. I shall not enter into the aigument
now. To me it is very palpable that the bill is
within the power of Congress, and is necessary
legislation.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I propose now in the fifth line
of the third section to strike out " one hundred"
and insert "fifty;" so as to make the limitation
of real estate heldbyan ecclesiastical corporation,
$50,000.
Theamendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It may not be consid-
ered a very judicious thing to object to this meas-
ure here, but I feel called upon to do it. There is
no Senator, I think, who objects more strongly
than I do to the vicious practice that obtains in
the Territory of Utah; but I think we have just
at this time trouble enough on our hands without
invokng further trouble. We have had our com-
munication with California cut off by the Indians
on the line of communication. We have already
had a Utah war that cost the Government a large
amountof money. We are to have a controversy
with them as to their admission as a State. They
are clamoring for that now. In my judgment, no
particular good is to be accomplished by the pas-
sage of this bill at present. When the time does
come that our communication across the continent
is complete, then we can take jurisdiction where
we have power, and can employ power for the
purpose of correcting these abuses. I suggest to
gentlemen, in the first place, that they cut off most
likely the communication across the continent to
our possessions on the Pacific by a measure of
legislation of this kind, which will be well calcu-
lated to invite, certainly will invite, great hostility,
and interfere with the general interests of the
country. It will cost the Government a large
amount if communication is interfered with, and
do no substantial good. I do not think the meas-
ure at this time is well advised. It is understood
its provisions will be a dead letter upon our stat-
ute-book. Its provisions will be either ignored or
avoided. If Sonatois will look the question fairly
in the face, and consider how important it is that
we should have no difficulties now on our west-
ern frontier between us and the Pacific, how poorly
we can atfoid to go into the expenditure of a large
amountof money to overcome difficulties that will
be thieatened on the passageof this bill, and then
consider the little amountofsubstantialgood which
will result from it, I think they will hesitate be-
fore they pass it." The impolicy of its present
passage will cause my colleague and self, after
consultation, to vote against the bill.
The amendment was oidered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I wasabout to make the same
request.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yens 37, nays 2; as follows:
V I'AS—Mrcsri. Anthony, Bayard, Drowning. Cliandlcr,
Oollamer.(Jovvan, Daviy, Dixon, I)oohttle,Fes<.ehctei), Fool,
Foster, Uinnus, II,Hr, Harlan, Ilari i-, Howard, Howe, King,
Lane oftmhanu. Lane oi Kansas, Moj t tit, Itioe, SauUbuiy,
Shetman, Simnions Staik, Sumner,Ten Ejek,Thomson,
Tillinbiill, Wade, WilKin^on, Willey, VVilmot, Wilson of
MaHsaclmsett^, and Wnglit—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Latliam andMcDougall—2.
So the bill was passed.
The title was amended so as to read, "A bill
to punish and prevent the practice of polygamy
in the Territories of the United States and other
places, and disapproving and annulling certain
acts of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Utah." .
COMPENSATION OE SURVEYORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. HARE.IS. I ask the Senate to take up for
consideiation Senate bill No. 275, "to increase
the compensation of the surveyors of customs at
Albany and Troy, in the State of New York, and
for other purposes."
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask if the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday morning does not now come up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does; unless a
motion is made to postpone all prior orders, the
unfinished business of yesterday will be before the
Senate; but that is liable to be postponed by a
special motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe there was nothing to
be done but to take a vote on it, and I hope the
vote will be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesterday is a
bill in relation to administering oaths to jurors.
Mr. HARRIS. My bill will take but a mo-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on postponing all prior orders for the purpose in-
dicated in the motion of the Senator from New
York.
The motion was not agreed to.
JUKOIts' OATHS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
281) prescribing an additional oath to be taken by
grand and petit jurors serving in United States
courts, is now before the Senate as the unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesterday; the
pending question being on the passage of the bill,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HALE. Yesterday, when this bill was
under consideration, I stated that I had not read
it, and had not heard it read, and I wanted to
look at it before it passed. I have looked it over,
and I think it would be an improper and unsafe
bill to pass, and I will state my reason very
briefly. I shall take but a moment or two. Tha
bill provides:
That all persons who sliall have taken up arms, or
joined the existing rebellion against the United States, or
who shall have advised or encouraged any person to take
up arms or join said rebellion, or who shall have adhered
to said u-hellion, giving it aid and comfort, or shall have
given any assistance, diiectly or indirectly, In money,
horses, clothes, arms, or anything whatever, to or for any
person or prisons whatsoever, whom the person giving such
assistance knew to have joined, or to-be about to join said
icheilion, or i'oicibly to resist, or aid in such resistance of
the execution of the laws of the United States, shall be
disqualified to serve as a grand or petit juior iu any court
of the United States.
And the courts of the United States are required
to administer an oath to every person who comes
forward to act as a juror, in substance negativing
all these disqualifications in the bill. The objec-
tion I have to it is this: I hope to see, and at no
very distant day, some of these States restored to
the Union, and the machinery of the Union going
on. if this bill is passed, it will be utterly impos-
sible to organize a jury in any of these States,
provided this is the law. Take any one of these
States; for instance, the State of North Carolina.
I presume there is not a. citizen in the State that
has not directly or indirectly, in some way or
other, aided this rebellion in one or more of the
modes pointed out by this statute. Some of the
best Union men we nave, have done it under co-
ercion; the authority of the State having; been
usurped by the seceded Legislature, they have
every one of them indirectly given assistance; and
if this bill passes in this form you cannot organ-
ize a jury in one of those States for twenty years
to come.
Mr. GRIMES. You can repeal the law when
the sentiment of loyalty increases so as to just-
ify it.
Mr. HALE. What is the use of repealing the
law? 1 say you cannot get a jury there at all. I
was reading this morning the speech of Mr. Gil-
mer, of Noith Carolina, made in the Legislature
of Noith Carolina, in which he avows his attach-
ment to the Federal Union, and pronounces his
condemnation of the course taken in taking North
Carolina out of the Union; but still Mr. Gilmer
dircctly gives aid to this rebellion by holding a
seat in the Legislature of the seceding State of
North Carolina; and I suppose every citizen of
the State has directly or indirectly done it. I am
not going to argue it any longer. I shall simply
content myself with voting against the bill, in the
principle of which I coincide. I desire to sec such
a law as will effect the object that the Senator from
Kentucky has at heart carried out; but I think in
attempting to carry it out he has gone too far.
I have another objection, a trifling one, and that
is to the form of the oath—<( you do solemnly
swear in the presence of the Almighty God.
That is the form of oath administered by some
sect of peculiar religious views. I do not know
precisely what it is. It is different from the oath
prescribed by law to be taken in my own State.
■I remember being present once when a jury was
organized in the city of New York, and there
were as many as six different forms of oath pre-
scribed; and one of them was substantially, "you
swear in the presence of the ever-living God." I
think it unnecessary to go out of the prescribed
form of oath, in the mere formal parts of which
it is different from that established by the States.
But I do not hope to defeat the bill or make an
amendment to it. I shall content myself with
voting against it.
