28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 17,
37th Coj7G....2d Sess. Emancipation of Slaves in Rebel States—Mr. Harding.
IIo. of Reps.
terms, and that no new structures be undertaken
except in cases of the clearest expediency or
necessity.
The great value of the Coast Survey has been
strikingly attested by reccnt events. The knowl-
edge gained by its operations during past years,
the experience and skill of naval and military offi-
cers acquired in its service, are now available in
the operations of the Army and the Navy; and
the ready aid now afforded by it, in examinations
and surveys of harbors and inlets, to the forces of
the Union in their movements upon the coast,
demonstrate, beyond question, the wisdom of the
policy which originated and lias sustained it. The
diminished appropriation required for its support
during the fiscal year 1863, will, no doubt, be
checrtuUy made.
The number of vessels in the revenue service of
the Department on the 4th of March, 18G1, was
twenty-mnc. Five had been previously seized by
the insurgents, and one had been ordered to Nor-
folk for repairs, where, having been taken to pieccs
with a view to rebuilding, and therefore incapable
of removal, she was involved in the disasters
attendant on the destruction of the navy-yard.
Of the vessels connected with the revenue ser-
vice not seized by the rebels, four were on the
Pacific coast, six on the lakes, and eighteen on the
Atlantic coast. Of those on the lakes five have
been ordered to service 011 the Atlantic coast.
Nearly half of these vessels are unfit for the pur-
poses of the revenue, and will be sold under the
provisions of the act of July '25.
Under the same act three steameis have been
purchased and equipped, and have been of essen-
tial service in the suppression of unlawful com-
merce on the Chesapeake, and in aid of the expe-
dition by which the authority of the Union was
recently restored on the eastern shore ot Virginia.
With a view to the increased efficiency of the
service, the Secretary directed a thorough examin-
ation to be made,by a competent board ofoflicers,
of all candidates for appointment, as well as of all
officers, except captains, already m the service,
and has made a certificate from "that board of en-
tire competency an indispensable condition of
appointment.
Foui revenue cutters an; now engaged in coast
survey duty, in connection with lho naval and
military expeditions on the coasts of the insurgent
States; and the whole of the remaining number arc
actively engaged in (ho enforcement of the revenue
laws, and m the protection of commerce.
Under advertisements, fur proposals for the con-
struction of additional revenue steamers, under
the act, of July, a large number of bidsand models
have been irreived, and contracts will be made for
five, which, when completed, will fully answer the
existing demands of the service. ;
The Secretary desn es to avail himself of this j
opportunity to invito the attention of Congress to 1
the importance of a uniform system and a uniform :
nomenclature of weights and measuiesand coma j
to the commerce of the world, in which the Uni- |
ted States already so largely shares. The wisest ;
of our statesmen have regaided the attainment of ,
this end, so desirable in itself, as by no means :
impossible. The combination of the decimal sys- ■
ti'm with appropriate denominations m a scheme
of weights, measures, and coins for the interna-
tional uses of commerce, leaving, if need be, the
separate systems of nations untouched, is cer-
tainly not beyond the reach of the daring genius
and patient endeavor winch gave the steam engine
and the telegraph to the service of mankind. The ;
Secret hi y respectfully suggests the expediency of j
a small appropriation to be used in promoting in- 1
terchange of opinions between intelligent persons !
of our own and foreign countries on this subject.
In closing this report, the Secretary takes pleas-
ure in asking the consideration of Congress for ■
the \ arious suggestions of the heads of the bureaus
of the Department, contained m their several re-
ports. which are heiewith transmitted. It has
been his endeavor, since assuming the charge of
the Depai tment, tu infuse into its action the gieat-
est possible activity and vigor; and it is a source
of very great satisfaction to him that his efforts
have been, in general, faithfully and zealously
supported by the gentlemen with whom he has
been associated. The reports from the several
bureaus will show how much has been accom-
plished during the year, and how well. The Sec-
retary indulges the hope thatcontinuedendeavor,
with larger experience, will make the Depart-
ment, in all its working, what a Department
charged with duties and responsibilities so various
and important ought to be.
1 S.P.CHASE.
Hon. G. A. Grow,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
EMANCIPATION OF SLAVES IN REBEL STATES.
SPEECH OF HON. A. HARDING,
OK KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
December 17, 1861,
On the joint resolution ldative to the right and duty of the
PieMdent in icgard to persons held as slaves in any mil-
itaiy riistiiet in a state of insurrection.
Mr. HARDING said:
Mr. Speaker: If there ever was a time in the
history of any nation, or any people, when every
feeling of passion or paity prejudice should be
banished from all minds—when the hearts and
hands of all Union men should be united in the
great and common purpose of saving an imperiled
country, we have reached that period and that
time. And it seems strange to me that such should
not be the fact among the Representatives of the
people in this House. It is "passing strange"
that, at such a period, any mere matter of sec-
tional or party strife should be allowed to obtrude
upon our consideration, when all that we, as pa-
tnots, hold deans evidently imperiled and threat-
ened with utter overthrow.
Suppose a largo and splendid mansion, erected
by the toil and labor of many years, at the cost of
a large expenditure of money and treasure; sup-
pose it to have been fitted up in the most costly
and magnificent style by a kind father, with sep-
arate suits of apartments for the different families
of his children, each exactly suited to the wants
and convenience of its occupants; suppose these
families to have taken possession of their respect-
ive apartments, each governing its own affairs,
and having the entire control and arrangement of
its section of the mansion, in respect to its furni-
ture and every domestic affair; suppose that while
thus living in harmony and prosperity, suddenly
the ahum of fire is raised—the mansion is begin-
ning to burn. From then several apartments the
families all rush into the common hall. Strange to
say, at this point an angry controversy springs
up. The lire is already blazing through the roof
of the common structure, and if it is extinguished
the united efforts of all must be exerted. "Cut,"
says the head of one of the families, " I will not
aid in extinguishing tho fire unless you alter one
of your domestic arrangements." Another refuses
to aid unless another changes his domestic con-
cerns; and so an angry controversy arises and
prevails, until the magnificent edifice is wrapped
m flames, and every apartment sinks in common
rum.
Mr. Speaker, is not that a faint picture of what
wearcdomg hero at this day and this hour' The
great problem of man's capacity for free, popular,
self-governmentis being solved before the nations
of the earth, it may be for the last time; and the
true friends of liberty, the friends of popular, free
government, from every dark land of despotism,
are now looking with anxious and tearful eyes to
the solution of this mighty problem. Shall we,
at a time like this, suffer ourselves to be drawn
olf by mere matters of local or sectional strife—
shall any angry feeling, shall any matter of party
interest bo allowed to obtrude itself at this dark
hour?
Sir, we might do well, it seems to me, m this
daik hour, to remember that the liberty which
we now enjoy is but the price of the blood of our
ancestors. We should look back to that dark and
bloody period, that seven years'struggle through
the wilderness of the Revolution, "it seems to
me that a solemn voice comes up at this day from
every battle-field of the Revolution, saying to us,
" beware, think, reflect, pause, before you t:-ke
another step! Your liberty is the price of, our
blood." The claims of the present generation
appeal to us in plaintive tones; the destiny of
generations yet unborn appeals to us; all the high
and solemn considerations of the past, of the pres-
ent, and of the long distant future, come up and
impress the conviction that a high and solemn re-
sponsibility rests upon us. Nay, sir, a respons-
ibility so fearfully solemn that the most patri-
otic and the wisest in the land might well pause,
tremble,and exclaim, " who is sufficient for these
things?"
It is not my purpose, on this occasion, to utter
a solitary word that should excitc unkind feelings
in the mind of any man present upon this much-
agitated subject of slavery. I entertain no feel-
nig but that of entire respect for any sentiment
honestly and sincerely entertained upon that ques-
tion by other gentlemen, however much I may
differ with them; nay, sir, gloomy forebodings of
the future rise up and so overwhelm me as to leave
no room for the indulgence of angry party con-
troversy.
Entertaining these feelings and these views, it
was with the deepest pain that 1 saw, on the very
first day of the session—even in the morning hour
of that session—this much-to-be-dreaded contro-
veisy sprung upon us. Not more than two hours
had elapsed before the proposition now under con-
sideration was introduced, and the effort made to
press it through the House under the previous
question, without the opportunity of a moment's
consideration. I say I was pained and grieved
to witness this hasty and ill-timed movement. I
confess I was more alarmed at the indications I
then saw upon this floor than I had been since
this revolutionary storm burst forth. I thought
a disposition was manifested to run heedlessly
and rashly on, without pausing to consider the
consequences of thcaction ltwas proposed to take;
but when J saw that gentlemen were disposed to
postpone their action unLil opportunity should be
given to consider, reflect, and reason, my hopes
revived, and every indication since that day in-
duces me to think that it is the intention of the
House to allow a calm and full examination of the
questions now under consideration before coming
to any final conclusion.
Whatl desire on this occasion, then, is,that be-
fore taking any step we shall calmly consider the
great questions presented in the resolutions before
us, questions involving the destinies,not only of
the present, but of generations yet to come. In
coming to that consideration I would as far as pos-
sible divest myself of all prejudices arising from
any previous theory. I prefer that every argu-
ment shall be carefully weighed, and then that
the House shall cautiously and calmly act.
I oppose these resolutions, then 9 first, because
we have no constitutional power to pass them, nor
any of the bills or resolutions which have been
introduced on this subject.
1 object to them, secondly, because the faith of
Congress, of the President, and of this Adminis-
tration has been more than once pledged in the
most solemn and public manner against all inter-
ference with the institutions of slavery; and to
sanction the policy nowproposcd would be a plain
and palpable violation of the plighted faith of this
Congress, of the President, and the Administra-
tion. 0
In the third place, I oppose these resolutions
because the legislation ptoposcd is forbidden by
every principle of sound poiicy.
In the fourth place, I oppose them because these
and other kindred propositions introduced upon
thissubjcctpropose to inaugurate a warfare which
would involve in its horrors the loyal as well as
the disloyal, the innocent as well as the guilty,
having no respect to age, sex, or condition; a
species of warfare which would be disgraceful to
any civilized or Christian nation.
In support of my first two propositions, I beg
leave to call the attention of the House to some
documentary evidence, very reccnt in its date. I
do not propose to go back and ransack the records
of the past. I will come within the penod of onr
present troubles; nay, sir, in the evidence I pro-
pose to introduce I will not go behind the period
of ten months. First, i call the attention of the
House to a resolution passed with remarkable una-
nimity by Congress on the 11th day of February
last, introduced, I believe, by Mr. Sherman, of
Ohio, as a substitute for certain resolutions which
had been introduced by Mr. Palmer, of New
