THE OOJSTGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose that no gentleman 
Mr. GRIMES. You have only got fire min-
utes.
„Mr. DAVIS. I shall not occupy more than five
minutes, and then we can take a vote. I presume,
sir, that no Senator would expect disloyal men to
perform their duties in the armies of the United
States. It is just as important that loyal men
should perform their duties in the field. The ques-
tion is simply this: will traitors execute the law
of treason against traitors? It is only necessary
to put that question to receive an answer in the
negative. One third of the people in the State of
Kentucky are traitors or sympathizers with trea-
son. If any of those men are summoned on juries
you cannot get them to find a verdict against any
traitor whatever, not even against John G. Breck-
inridge or General Buckner. This bill does not
require any oath to be taken; it merely requires
that the oath shall be tendered him, and if lie de-
clines to take it, the court is to dismiss him as a
juror. The effect, then, would simply be that
loyal men will go to serve on grand and petit
juries.
It is essentially necessary, in order to get a sol-
itary execution of the law against treason, or
against crimes of the nature of treason in all the
border States; and in North Carolina I have no
doubt enough loyal men can be got upon juries to
executc this law; and if such should prove not to
be the state of the case, we shall meet again in
six or eight months, and the law can be modified.
I hope the bill will pass; it is essentially neces-
sary for the execution of the laws against treason
■in the State of Kentucky, and in all the border
slave States.
Mr. COWAN. Iam free to confess that I have
very great doubts of the propriety of offering this
oath after the manner proposed. A first and con-
trolling reason is that a juror is sworn to try the
issue before him, not as to anything else, and I do
not see any very good reason why you should
travel outside, in order to test him upon other
things, and especially not in this case. I take it
the law will be held in all these rebellious States,
if they are once restored to the Union, that that
which a man has done in obedience to the com-
mand of a de facto Government will not be held'to
constitute the crime of treason; that itself will be
such duress as will excuse him for having yielded
obedience to it. Under these circumstances, if
you submit to him this test oath, what is to be
done? Suppose ho swears: " I entered into the
rebel army; I served in various capacities under
the rebel Government; but I did so, not because
I was of opinion that the rebellion was justifiable
in the first place; not that I desired in the first place
to see it succeed; but when it was an accomplished
fact, when it had culminated in the formation of
a government whicji I could not resist, I yielded
to it, and in so far I may be said to have aided in
establishing it;" then what question would arise
upon a statement of that kind made by a juror,
perhaps as honest a man as was upon the panel?
You have either to throw lnm off, or you have to
determine the preliminary issue there; you have
to try a question of fact at the threshold of every
cause in court, and perhaps as to every man who
presents himself as a juror. I think that infinite,
endless trouble would result from introducing that
change into the form of the oath.
There is another thing, Mr. President, which
I think is equally clear. If, upon the trial of a
man charged with treason, or having criminally
participated in this rebellion, when the jury comes
to be impanneled, he who goes into the box in
violation of the ordinary oath, for the purpose of
acquitting the traitor, will have no scruples of
conscience whatever in taking any test oath you
may apply to him for the purpose of getting into
the box to achieve the same purpose. Oaths would
be but straw, chaff, stubble in the way of a man
whose conscience was of that texture and of that
pliability.
Mr. GRIMES. There is something more than
that here.
nf1' S' What is the penalty ?
_ Mr. GRIMKS. He is subjected to the penal-
ties of perjury. r
Mr. COWAN. And it is almost always, if not
always, impossible to convict anybody of perjury
for the violation of an oath of this kind; because
that secret, vital though it may be, is always loeked
June 3,
up in the man's own breast, and known only to
himself. It is one of those offenses which may
be suspected, but which never can be proved at
the bar of a criminal court.
I think, then, it is far better to allow the law to
remain as it is, and not to build everywhere in our
pathway, in endeavoring to reconcile these deluded
people, monumentsof our former differences, mon-
uments which will remind us at every step of the
misfortunes of the country, and the alienation of
one part of our people from another.
There is another great principle which, I be-
lieve, is admitted on all hands by the wise men
who have gone before us, that when a rebellion is
suppressed, there are but two methods of treat-
ing those who participated in it. The one of the
utmost severity^ the other one of the utmost len-
ity. That which is forgiven must be forgotten;
that which is remembered must be punished,but
there must be no half-way measures. If a man
is forgiven, he is to be forgiven entirely; he is not
to be reminded constantly that at one time he was
a traitor; becausc if you do that, you keep alive
the spirit of treason, and it may break out again
in another generation. I think, therefore, we had
better leave the oath as it is, the law as it is on
this subject, and trust to a returning sense of the
people, when the rebellion is suppressed, to ad-
minister theirlaws duly. For my own part, I may
further remark that I would rather trust a man
who had been compelled into this rebellion to give
a just and proper verdict against the right man at
the bar of the court, when put there for his trial,
than a man who had not participated at all, be-
cause he will have felt, perhaps, the necessity for
the punishment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to modify his amendment by inserting the
words " will support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States" in the oath. The bill having passed
that stage which admits of amendment, it requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate. The morn-
ing hour having expired it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the yeas and nays be
called. 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection the Chair will have them called.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I have objected invaria-
bly, and 1 find my only safety is in making no
exception whatever. 1 should be very glad to
accommodate the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will decide to
call the yeas and nays notwithstanding the objec-
tion of the chancellor of the exchequer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to postpone the pending special
order for the purpose of taking the yeas and nays
on this question.
Mr. CLARK. I want to address myself for a
moment to the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. If there is a word to be said I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. CLAllK. My purpose was to ask the
Senator to withdraw the motion; but as he has
done it, I have nothing to say.
THE TAX BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 312) to provide internal revenue to
support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. If it be the unanimous
sense of the Senate, the Chair will have the amend-
ments read, and Senators will signify any amend-
ment upon which a separate vote may be requested,
and all other amendments will be regarded as con-
curred in. The Secretary will commence with the
first amendment, and when amendments are read
upon which separate votes are requested, Senators
will please make that indication.
The Secretary read the amendments, as follows:
Oil page 1, hue eleven, first section, strike out ".$5,000,"
and in-eit " $'3,500so that it will read, k< a Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, with an nimudl salarv of
$3,500." *
un page 3, petition two, line fourteen, strike out the
woid^ " ni CoiiKiess;'' so as to read, " snail notexceedthe
number of Representatives to whieh ?ucli «ttite shall be
entitledand after "entitled" insert "m the Thirty-
Eighth Congress ;" :>o as to make the clause read, " Pro-
viddU That the number of districts in any State shall not
exceed the number ofReprescntatives to which such State
shall be entitled in the Thirty-Eighth Congress.55
On page 3, section two, line twelve, before " provided
insert "and," and after " provided" insert "further " so
as to read, " and provided further." '
On page 3, section three, line three, after the word "dis-
tricts," insert" subject to such regulations and limitations
as may be imposed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue;" so as to read, "that each of the assessors shall di-
vide his district into a convenient number of assessment
districts, subject to such regulations aud limitationsa«mav
be imposed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue  &c.
On page 3, section three, line ten, after the word " bv ''
insert "virtue of;  so as to read, " to be appointed bv vir-
tue of this act."
On page 4, section three, line twenty-seven, strike out
" to be recovered," and in the same line and line twenty-
eight strike out " in any court having competent jurisdic-
tion ;  so that the clause will read, " and the other moiety
thereof to him who shall first sue for the same, with costs
of suit."
Mr. HOWE. Is this a proper time to offer
amendments?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
The Secretary continued the reading of the next
amendments, viz:
In section four, line five, after the word " with," insert
" not less than liveso as to read, "lie shall execute a
bond for such amount as shall be presented by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the dhection of the
Secietaryof the Treasury, with not less than five sure-
ties," &e.
On page 5, section four, lines thirteen and fourteen,strike
out" to be by him diiected to be put in suit upon arty breach
01 the condition thereofso as to read, " which bond shall
be filed in the office of the Fiist Comptroller of the Treas-
ury."
On page 5, section five, line Ave, strike out after " re-
voke" the words "the powers of any deputy," and insert
" any such appointment."
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire about the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance, in section four, in italics; was not that
adopted? It is in regard to the lien of the bond
of a collector ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. The whole of it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was amended and then
rejected, and a corresponding clause afterwards
in reference to liens was also defeated.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments:
On page 5,section five,line seven,strike out "sureties"
and insert "securities."
On page 6, section six, line four, strike out the word
" annually."
On page 6, section six, line six, strike out " May" and
insert "July," and in the seventh line strike out "day"
and insert " Monday."
On page 0, section six, line ten, strike out the words
"number of," so as to read "articles or objects."
On page 6, section six, line seventeen, after the word
"Treasuiy" insert, "for which such person or persons,
partnerships, Arms, associations or corporations are liable
to be assessed under and by virtue of the provisions of this
act."
On pa e 7, section seven, line six, strike out " May" and
insert "July," and after the word "each," in line ei ht
insert "succeeding," so as to read, "on the 1st dav of
July, 1862, and on the first Monday of May in each sue-
ceedmg year."
On page 7, section seven, line seventeen, after the word
" well" stuke out " as."
On page 8, section eight, at the end thereof,Insert, "by
the person so owning, possessing, or having the cstte and
management as aforesaid, shall be received as the list of
such person."
On page 8, scetion nine, lines seven and eight, strike out
" before any court having competent jurisdiction," and in-
sert, "on indictment found theieforin any circuit or dis-
trict couit of the United fckateb held in the district m which
such offense may be committed."
On page 10, lines fourteen and fifteen, of section eleven,
strike out "and in case of such refusal the assessor shall
thereupon double the amount of the items theieof," and in-
sert, " and m case of lefusal or neglect to make such lists,
except m cases of sickness, the assessors shall thereupon
add fifty per cent, to the amount of the items thereof.''
On page 11, section twelve, line ten, strike out the worda
' of such person or persons," and insert," wheie such piop-
erty is situated," and strike out the words "and if it be
necespnrj;" so as to read, " he is hereby authorized and re-
quired to enter into and upon the premises where such prop-
el ty is situated, and take such view thereof as may be
necessary."
On page 11, section thirteen, line seven, strike out the
words " lie or be," and insert "are situated."
On page 14, section fourteen, in lines thirty-five and
thirty six, strike out "m any couit having competent juris-
diction."
On page 14, in section fifteen, strike out the words, " im-
mediately after the annual valuations and enumerations
shall have been completed, as aforesaid, the assessor in
each assessment district shall, by advertisement m some
public newspaper, if any theie be m such district, and by
wnttcn or punted notifications, to he publicly posted up at
lea«t m four of the most public places in each assessment
dI-trier, advertise ail peisons concerned of the place where
the said Jtos, valuations, and enumerations may be exam-
ined ; and when and where, within fifteen days after the
publication of the notification, as aforesaid, appeals will he
received and determined by iiim relative to any erroneous
