1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1549
a license before he can exhibit them? So, too,
with the very elements, with the light that we see
by, the air that we breathe,'and other things that
are m no sense property of the individual man.
Therefore, I deny that the imposition of this tax
in any way whatever implies the assertion of prop-
erty, although I may be excused on both sides of
the House for saying that I do consider that an
exceedingly narrow question, and, in the aspect
in which ltlias h?en discussed, one of the narrow-
est questions that ever filled the minds of men.
But assuming that it is important, 1 deny utteily
that we assert the proposition which the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory]—for whose
judgment and arguments I have the greatest re-
spect—says we do. He says that the proposition
is to impose an unjust tax, because, by the bill
passed in July last, this species of property is
counted. Sir, I deny it in every possible sense
that upholds the argument he makes. I know
that these individuals are counted three for five.
I know, too, that the free colored people of the
North are counted in the census returns. But if
it were proposed here that every man employing
thirteen agents or thirteen servants should pay so
much on them, would the gentleman from Ken-
tucky be right in saying that it would be unjust
to tax a man for his servants because these thir-
teen persons had been counted in the census ?
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him whether, if three horses out of
every five in the State of New York were counted
as three white men, he would think then thatNew
York ought to be taxed on her horses?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I wish with all
my heart that I had time to answer the gentle-
man's question at length, because the answer to
that proposition would cover this ground and ex-
pose the entire fallacy of the distinction here
sought to be made. But I cannot answer it in a
few words, I will say, however, in round terms,
that whenever any number of horses in the State
are clothed with the privileges, and are allowed
to take upon (hemselves the double aspect of prop-
erty and persons, and become, if I may so express
it, a sword, the blade of winch is everywhere
and the hilt in the hands of the few men who own
them, whenever that state of facts comes about, I
will admit, if my friend proposes it, that it would
be just and constitutional and productive to tax
them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The pointto which
I would direct the attention of the committee at
this time is that the gentlemen who oppose this
tax claim that this description of property is al-
ready taxed under the direct tax, which they tell
us is a great burden—amostonerous tax—whereas
it is, in fact, an exemption of two fifths of that
entire property from taxation; and instead of
complaining of that, they ought to congratulate
themselves upon it. Why, sir, that direct tax
applies in the northern States to the whole negro
population, without deduction; but by reason of
this provision of the Constitution of the United
States, they m the South obtain an exemption of
two fifths of this slave property; and it is an ex-
emption of tax and of burden on the part of the
slave States which is laid upon the fiec States.
But, sir, the argument of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, that this proposed tax
• is a capitation tax, and therefore unconstitutional,
is equally fallacious. So far from its being a cap-
itation tax, as claimed by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]it is nothing buta tax upon
the services of these persons. It can in no sense
be claimed as a capitation tax anymore than any
right or privilege owned or enjoyed by any per-
son in any other State of the Union which we may
think proper to tax, and which we have in other
instances taxed, can be called a capitation tax.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING withdrew his
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CALVEIIT. I move'to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, by adding
at the end of it as follows:
Proi ided, hoiveccr, That this Government shall pay the
owneis of such slaves as have escaped, or shall escape,
through the action of this Uoine and a poitionot the Aimy,
the Mini of §i,0UU for every slave so escaping.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise tooppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, it seems
to me that the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky is deeply interested lest ceituin gentlemen
upon the other side of the House should show
themselves exceedingly inconsistent in the votes
which they may give. He says to us, " how can
you gentlemen who do not recognize the right of
property in slaves vote to tax these slaves as
property?" Weil, sir, I am about to vote to tax
them as property, and I can tell the gentleman
how I can do it, and vote consistently.
I believe it to be constitutional to tax them as
property, and-when I can constitutionally make
a hit at the slave interest by calling slaves prop-
erty, as they call them property, 1 am perfectly will-
ing to do so, and see 110 inconsistency inrthe course
which I take, notwithstanding I disbelieve in
point of fact that slaves are property. But when
I can hit the system constitutionally I say, on the
other hand, by calling them men, I mean to hit it
and call them men, notwithstanding other honor-
able gentlemen may call them property.
Now, sii, in the name of all that is right, what
reason is there why those men in the South should
not bo taxed for the service which these persons
to whoYn reference is made in the proposition of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] render
to them ? Especially when it is asserted, and re-
iterated again and again, and is true beyond dis-
pute, that slavery is the beginning, middle, and
end of the whole troubles under which the nation
now suffers, why is it, when in arranging this tax
bill, and we seek to reach the cause of all the trou-
ble, that objection is made? J
I admit, with the gentleman, that there was
color for the remark made by the gentleman from
Illinois, that at the same time there is a disposi-
tion upon the part of some gentlemen to let their
interests in New England in some way interfere
with this great question—that spindles, or some-
thing else, is more than the negro, is more than
emancipation. But here the question is one of
right. Ought they to be taxed as property ? Be-
lieving, as I do, that constitutionally they may be
reached as property, so far as this tax bill is con-
cerned, I give my vote in favor of the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Missouri.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate upon this
section.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand that the de-
bate allowed under the rules on the amendments
pending has been exhausted, but I ask the com-
mittee to allow me to speak for three minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I said that this property
had been taxed under the law of last year. I had
a statement made out from the CensusOffice show-
ingthe amount that had been levied in each county
in my State upon the property of that description,
and I have had it with me every day until to-day,
when, supposing I should have no farther use for
it, I left it at home.
But, sir, I stated furthermore that, by the Con-
stitution of the United States, you cannot levy a
tax upon that description of property except in
the shape of a capitation tax, and that you have
already, by the law of the last session, levied a tax
upon it in the only mode which the Constitution
permits you. And if the supreme law of the coun-
try, the Constitution of the United States, and the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, are to have any weight, I beg leave to read
from a decision made by that court more than
forty years ago upon this question, showing why
this provision of the Constitution was made. I
read from the decisions of the Supreme Court,
(Dallas's Reports.) In pointing out the modes
by which you may impose adnect tax,thecourt
uses this language:
Ct Local considerations, and the particular circumstances
and relative situation of the States, naturally lead to this
view of the subject. The provi^on was made m favor of
the southern States. They possessed a large number of
j slaves; they had c xtcnsive tract- of territory, thinly settled,
1 and not ver> pioductive. A majouty of the States had but
, tew slaves, and ^eveial of them a limited territory, welt set- ;
tied, and hi a high state of cultivation. Tho sou thorn States, |
| if no piovi-ion had been introduced in the Constitution, !
i would have been whollj-at the mercy of the other States''— ;
I This Constitution is now, as a matter of mili-
tary necessity, set aside, I suppose, and we are
wholly at the meicy of the other States—
Congress, in such case, might tax slaves at discretion, oi
arbiti.ndy, and laud, m every part of the Union, alter the
same rate or measure; so much ahead in the fust instance,
and so much an acre in the second. To guard them against
imposition in these particulars was the reason of intro*
duciug the clause in the Constitution which directs that
representative and direct taxes shall he appoitioned among
the States according to their respective numbers."
That is the principle which has governed this
country, sir, in its better days. It has never been
questioned in Congress before, that I ever heard
of, and never would be now but for the madness
which seizes some of our friends, who say that
the slaves are the cause of this rebellion. No, sir,
that was not the cause. It was the continued dis-
cussion of slavery which was the cause of the re-
bellion; it was the continued assaults made* by
slaveholders upon the North and by the North
upon slaveholders, and not the slaves, that caused
it. It whs the bad passions of slaveholders and the
bad passions of the abolitionists. You might as
well say it was tea that caused the war of the Rev-
olution, and that because tea was the cause it must
be destroyed and not permitted to come into the
country. You must destroy the bad passions 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have this further to say,
and I hope the committee will indulge me.
Mr. ELIOT. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move to amend, by add-
ing this proviso:
Provided, That the same shall be apportioned among the
several States, accoiding to their representative population,
upon the basis of the whole number-of representative pop-
ulation in each State in which such persons are held lo
service or labor for life.
*1 wish to say this on the subject of that amend-
ment: if my view of this matter be right—and I
do not know whether it be or not—every object
intended to be accomplished by the gentleman
from Missouri in introducing this amendment will
be accomplished by the proviso I haveadded; be-
cause the amount per head is fixed by the amend-
ment at two dollars, or whatever is the sum named,
and because by the census enumeration, which
furnishes the means of knowing exactly how to
apportion them, therefore the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri, if it is to be adopted,
should have this provision attached to it, and it
cannot fail of'being carried into effect according
to the terms of the Constitution.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I wish to put a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Ohio for information
in reference to the nature of his amendment. Does
it apportion the amount among the several States
according to the Federal population?
Mr. BINGHAM. It does.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I will vote for that. I
would like to tax one kind of property as well
as another. I have, then, no objectidh to taxing
slaves.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man state to the House whether it would be un-
constitutional to impose a tax upon every man
who should employ a certain number of servants?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no doubt about it at
all. 1 undertake to say that it was never done in
the history of the country, and when it is done
it will not stand, unless it be general, and appor-
tioned as required by thfe Constitution. Let me
illustrate a little further, for the purpose of show-
ing the effect of the gentleman's proposition.
Everybody admits that you can lay a capitation
tax upon the citizens of the United States, for that
is an express grant of the Constitution. Suppose
you lay a capitation tax of one dollar, under that
express grant of the Constitution, upon every
male person in the United States over the age of
twenty-one: the Constitution says that it shall
be apportioned among the several States accord-
ing to their respective numbers of representative
population. Say, for illustration, that Pennsyl-
vania has five hundred thousand male persons
over twenty-one years of age, and that New York
has seven hundred thousand. What will be the
revenue in the event of such a tax? It will be
§500,000 from Pennsylvania and §700,000 from
New York, if they respectively have that number
only of representative population.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose you passed a law
that every man who kept three servants in livery
should pay three dollars—is that a capitation tax?
Mr. BINGHAM. U is.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose it was enacted that
every man who keeps three dogs shall pay three
dollars—is that a capitation tax?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, it is a tax upon the dogs.
I wish the gentleman to remember that a dog is
not a man, and that dog and man are not convert-
