528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, 1 am obliged
very often to remind gentlemen here that these ap-
propriations are made for offices established by
law, and the salaries of which aie fixed by law;
and it seems to me that we ought by this time to
understand that the only way m which you can
get rid of these appropriations is by passing a law
abolishing the offices.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if the
salary of the surveyor general of Utah is fixed
at $4,000? The reason why I ask the question is
this: I find that the last appropriation was m the
following terms:
For compensation or the surveyor general of Utah, and
clerks in his office, $2,053 15.
While this clause reads:
For compensation of the surveyor general oi'Utnh, ^4,000.
Now, I wish to inquire whether the salary of
the surveyor general of this Territory is $4,000.
Mr. STEVENS. The salary fixed by law is
§4,000. The surveyor general last year actually
drew §4,000, but there happened to be a surplus
last year of former appropriations, which rendered
unnecessary an appropriation of more than $1,200.
But that surplus no longer exists. The salary is
fixed by law at §4,000. The surveyor general is
already appointed, and I believe has gone there.
The office is in existence. All the officers for that
Territory are appointed under the law justas much
as officers are for any other Territory. I have no
doubt that a great deal of the land which has been
surveyed there is worthless land, as it is in Nevada,
and in many others of our new mountain Terri-
tories, and we might as well abolish the office of
surveyor general—or rather take away the salary
after the officer has been appointed and lias gone
out—in the gentleman's own Territory as in'that
of Utah.
Now, although I know that much of this land
must be very worthless and barren, yet it is such
as the persecutions of Christians have driven a
racc of men to occupy rather than be slaughtered
or converted by our Christian mode of con verting
men from their error?.
The question was taken on Mr.CnADLEBAUGii's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to strike out in lines ,
four hundred and thirty-eight and four hundred
and thirty-nine " $8,300," and insert " §12,000,"
so that the clause will read:
Foj compensation of the MKvoyoi genet al of Minnesota,
and the clerks in Ins oliiee, .<1'2,000.
I. desire to say to the Committee that the work
in that nftice is five years behind, and that this
appropriation of $32,000 for the pay of the sur-
veyor general and clerks will subserve the public j
interests, and will bring up the work in the office, !
and do no more than that. I am informed by the
surveyor general (hat that is the rase, and have ;
been requested by hiin to move tins amendment;
and I trust the Committee of Ways and Means j
will allow it to pass. |
Mr. STEVENS. Mi. Chairman, 1 have the !
same objection to this amendment that 1 had to 1
the others that 1 have spoken of. The number
of clerks and officers in that distiict is fixed bv
law.
Mr, ALDRICH. I beg the gen tie man's pardon ;
I think th.it that is not the ease. And if there is
more woik done in that surveyor general's dis-
trict than there is in some others, I know of no
reason why he should not be allowed more dorks.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no law for it.
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman will see that
the same appropriation is made for the surveyor
general'soffice in Dakota—an office created with-
in the last few mouthy, and in which district there
have been very few surveys made.
The appropriation reported for that office is the
same as that for Minnesota, which has been es-
tablished for several years, and in which the work
is very much behind. It is necessary that this
work shall be brought up, and in order to do that
there should he a larger appropriation for the em-
ployment of clerks.
Air. STEVENS. As I said before, let gentle-
men bring m a iawmcreasingthenumherofclerks,
and if it is passed the Committee of Ways and
Means will report appropuatioiss in obedience to
it. That is our duty, not to create new offices.
This appropriation is precisely the same as that
which has been made for several years past, and
which was made last year. I know that the cli-
mate of Minnesota is enfeebling, and that the
snow lies deep in the winter; but I suspect that if
the employes in the surveyor general's office there
would work as haid as they do in other Terri-
tories they would be able to bring up the work
without having to increase their force.
Mr. ALDRICH. I will state to the chairman
of the. Committee of Ways and Means and to the
committee 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. To enable the gen-
tleman from Minnesota to make a remark, I will
move a pro forma amendment, to increase the sum
one dollar.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from New
Yoik withdiaw that amendment, and allow me to
move a bona fide amendment, which the gentle-
man from Minnesota may oppose?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. ' Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the entire appropriation, as
follows:
For compensation of the smveyor general of Minnesota,
and the clcrks in hh othee, £6,300.
Mr. ALDRICH. Gentlemen will observe, by
reference to the bill, that there is an appropriation
of $8,300 for the office of the surveyor general of
Wisconsin and Iowa. The same amount has been
reported for Minnesota. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the committee, that all the lands in Iowa
have been surveyed, and nearly all the lands in
Wisconsin; and there certainly cannot be the same
necessity for the employment of the same num-
ber of clerks in that office as there is in the office
in Minnesota.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would like to
inquire of the gentleman from Minnesota how
many cleiks there are employed by the surveyor
general of Minnesota?
Mr. ALDRICH I am not able to answer the
question further than this: that there are not so
many as are necessary in order to perform the
duties of the office.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to inquire
what the salary of the surveyor general of Minne-
sota is ?
Mr. ALDRICH. I think it is $2,500.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then there is over
$5,000 for clerks. The gentleman does not know
how many clerks are employed there. Would it
not be we 11, before we increase the amount, to know
whether thero are any clerks employed or not?
Mr. ALDRICH. In reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, I would state to the committee that
there are at least five and perhaps six clerks em-
ployed. And I would state further,for the benefit
of tlu: gentleman from Pennsylvania, that in con-
sequence of the appropriation made last year not
hum" .sufficient, some of the clerks had to be dis-
missed. That 1 know. Theie is no question but
the public interests would be subserved by m-
eivasing this appropriation. The work is four or
five yeais behind. That is not in consequence
of any neglect of duty on the part of the present
surveyor general, oi of those under him, but on
the pai t of t bo.se who were in office under the late
Ad ministration.
Mr. E. A. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, I
shall look with some degiee of interest to the vote
on this amendment 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing the amount to $5,000. I
shall look, Mr. Chairman, with a good deal of ;
interest for the decision of the committee on the ■
proposition of the gentleman from Minnesota. '
Every attempt that has been made here to reduce |
any of these extravagant items has been voted :
down by the committee, and in a manner which ,
seems to signify to the friends of retrenchment i
that it is the firm determination of this committee !
to frown down any measure looking to that end.
Now, sir, the proposition here is to increase the
appropriation for the compensation of the surveyor
general of Minnesota and the clerks in his office
from the sum of sBs300 to the sum of $12,000.
Mr. ALDRICH. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt lnm?
Air. P. A. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. ALDRICH, I rise merely for the pur-
pose of informing the gentleman from New York
that I propose to increase the appropriation not
for the purpose of increasing the pay of the sur-
veyor general or any of his clerks, but to enable
him to employ more clerks to do the work in his
office.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I fully understand the
purpose of the gentleman from Minnesota. The
practical question now before the committee is
whether the sum reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means—being $8,300—shall stand, or
whether the amount shall be increased to $12,000.
No gentleman on this floor need be informed that
under the existing circumstances of the country,
foreign immigration has been almost entirely sus-
pended, and the immigration from the East to the
West has likewise fallen off vci*y largely. The
receipts from the public lands show conclusively
that such is the fact. The amount received from
that source during the fiist quarter of the fiscal
year ending June 30,1861, was $281,100 84, and
for the corresponding quarter of the currentfiscal
year, it was $35,967—about one eighth of the sum
received for the first quarter of 1861. Now, if
this work has accumulated in the office of the sur-
veyor general in the manner represented by the
gentleman from Minnesota, I submit that the ab-
sence of the usual business transacted in that
office—the entering of lands and the work incident
to it—will afford these clerks all the needed oppor-
tunity for bringing up that work.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to inform the gen-
tleman from New York that there is no land en-
tered in tiie office of the surveyor general. His
business is to survey the land. The lands are
located at the local land offices, which are estab-
lished by Congress.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. What is the use of
surveying land when nobody will buy it?
Mr. ALDRICH. This is not an appropria-
tion for the survey of land. It is merely to pay
the salaries of the surveyor general and his clerks
Air. HOLMAN. Why pay them when they
have no business to perform ?
Mr. ALDRICH. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana had listened to what I stated several times he
would have known that this is to bring up the
work which has been already done. It is to com-
plete work that was done two or three or four
years ago. A sufficient appropriation has not
been made to enable the surveyor general to em-
ploy sufficient force in his office. 1 ask now that
a sufficient amount for that purpose may be appro-
priated
Mr. F A CONKLING I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now renew my motion to
strike out the entue clause. I do so for the single
purpose of ascertaining whether it is the determ-
ination of this House, during the present national
difficulties, to pel severe in the expenditure of
money for surveying lands which cannot be sold,
or wlu ther that souice of expenditure and extrav-
agance will be cut off If the object of this ap-
propnation was simply to enable the surveyor
general of the State of Minnesota to complete labor
which lus been heretofore commenced, and did
not look to the further survey of public lands,
there might be no particular objection to a reason-
able appropriation for that purpose. But these
aie the ordinary annual appropriations.
Mi.'ALDRICH. Not for surveys.
Air. HOLMAN. Aie theie no fuither suivcys
of land to be made in Minnesota?
Air. ALDRICH. An appropriation has al-
ready been made for surveys of the public lands
in all the States and Territories. That appropri-
ation, however, amounts to almost nothing—
§10,000 for all the States. This appropriation is
merely asked to enable the surveyor general to
employ an additional force in his office to bring up
the work already done—some of it four or five
years ago.
Air. HOLMAN. Then the lands in Minnesota
have been surveyed?
Mr. ALDRICH. No, sir; not all.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it proposed to apply any
part of this appropriation to the survey of the
public lands r
Mr. ALDRICH. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is for the purpose of bring-
ing up work already completed?
Air. ALDRICH. Already done.
Mr. IJOLMAN. 1 ask the gentleman from
