1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
and laborers, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, as may fcfe required. The sala-
ries of the officers to be as follows: to the super-
intendent, the sum of £>2,000; to the assayer, the
sum of $1,800; to the melter and refiner, $1,800;
to the comer, $1,800; and to the clerks, subordi-
nate workmen, and laboreis, such wages and al-
lowances as arc customary accoiding to their le-
speetive stations and occupation; that the officuis
and clerks to be appointed, before entering upon
the execution of their offices shall take an oath
or affirmation, before some judge of the United
States or of the supreme court of the Territory,
faithfully and diligently to perform the duties of
their offices, and shall each become bound to the
United States of America, with one or more sure-
ties, to the satisfaction of the Director of the Mint
or the secretary of the Territory of Colorado and
of the Secretary of the Tieas-uiy, with (lie condi-
tion of the faithful performance of the duties of
their offices; that the general direction of the bus-
iness of the branch of the Mint of the United
States shall be under the control and regulation
of the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia, subject
to the approbation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; and that for that purpose it shall be the duty
of the Dnector to prescribe such regulations and
require such returns periodically and occasionally,
and to establish such ohcirges for parting, assay-
ing, refining, andCoinmg, as shall appear to linn
to be necessary for the purpose of carrying into
effect the intention of the act in establishing the
branch; also for the purpose of preserving uni-
formity of weight, form, and finish in the coin
stamped at the branch; that the branch mint sliall
be a place of deposit for such public moneys as
the Secretary of the Treasury may direct. And
that the superintendent of the branch mint, who
shall perform the duties of treasurer thereof, shall
have the custody of the same, and also perform
the duties of assistant Tj easui ei; and foi that pur-
pose shall be subject to ail the provisions contained
in an act entitled " An act to piovide tor the better
organization of the Treasury, and for the collec-
tion, safe-keeping, tiansfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue," approved August 6, 1S4G,
winch relates to the treasury of the bianch mint at
New Orleans; that the superintendent of the branch
mint be authorized, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and on terms to be
prescribed by him, to ii>sue m payment of the gold
dust and bullion deposited for assay and coinage
or bars, drafts, or certificates of deposit, payable
at the Treasury or any sub-Treasuiy of the Uni-
ted States to any depositor electing lo receive pay-
ment m that form; that all the laws and parts of
laws now in force fur the regulation of the Mint
of the United States, and for the government of
the. officers and poisons employed therein, and for
the punishment of all offenses connected with the
Mint or coinage of the United States shall be in
full force in i elation to the said bianch of the Mint
as far as the Maine may be applicable theieto; and
that the sum of £75,01)0 be appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not othei wise appro-
priated, to carry into effect the provisions of the
act, and to meet the expenses of the current year
and for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1863.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the second read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
Mi. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that
uiTtil the report is i<jad.
The report was read in cxtenso.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not intend to make any
speech m fa\cr of the bill, as- if has the recom-
mendation of two Departments of the Government;
and as I see around me a disposition to go into
general debate, I will move that the committee rise
for the purpose of closing debate upon this bill,
and whin we have disposed of this bill in com-
mittee, 1 will move to take up another bill, upon
which gentlemen can engage in general debate.
The motion was agieed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Websteii repoited that
the Committee of the Whole on the state- of the
Union had, accoiding to order, had under consid-
eration the stcHeof the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill of the Plouso (No. 267) to estab-
lish a branch mint of the United States at De-mer,
in the Territory of Colorado, and had come to no
resolution theieon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all general de-
bate upon this bill be closed in five minutes after
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union resumes its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
INDEMNITY POR PROPERTY DESTROYED.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution
for reference only:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
inrjune into the expediency of proceeding bylaw fur taking
evidence of the claims of the citizens of the United States
whose propetty ha*s been taken without compensation by
any portion ol the Army while on its march or stationary
upon the premises of the citizen; also wheie the same lias
been sold by the citizen for its use, and not paid for by the
United States; ait-o for damages done the freehold while
occupied by the troops of the United States.
Mr. ELIOT objected.
BRANCH MINT AT DENVER AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Web-
ster m the chair,) and resumed the consideration
I of the bill (H. R. No. 287) to establish a branch
' mint of the United States at Denver, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Chairman,as
this is not a special order, debate is not confined
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir; five minutes are
allowed for general debate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose then to
say what I desired some time since to say in re-
gard to the Democratic conference held in this
city last week. Allusion having been made to it
m the other wing of the Capitol, it is proper that
an explanation should be made, so that erroneous
impressions may be coirected. As to what took
place m that conference, I have no right to speak,
and 1 do not propose even to allude to it. Fiom
the nature of the call alone, whatwas done must be
inferred. l uf fhe injunction of secrecy does not
apply to that call, which was publicly circulated,
exhibited, and read by many previous to the
meeting. That call is in these words:
" DrMOeitATic Conference. — We the undersigned
members ot the Deniociaue party ol the United .State*, de-
teumnod to adlitnu uuwaveungly still to it.-i ancicnt pnnci-
ph'-, and Jo mannam it- oiyanization unbioken undoi all
eneum-ttUK'i's., the party bQt-t utile to maintain the Con>ti-
fuuon and to ie*ioie the old Union ot the Stares,do lieieby
unite in tin- rail foi a coxkliil.ntk ol all who may bign
the same, appioving of the objects above indicated."
Mr. STEVENS. Who signed that?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That call was
signed by thirty-live members of the Senate and
House ot Repre.s(jhtau\es, ali of them able to read
and wiite. No man made his mark.
Mi. STEVENS. Nor ever will. [Laughter.]
Mi. VALLANDIGHAM. If that call does
not icfer to political organization, I am not capa-
ble of understanding the English language.
I have only to say further that the Democratic
paity "still lives;" the movement thus com-
menced has been icspondcd to throughout the
country, and will go on; and the organization of
that party will be completed. Beyond that, I am
not at hboity to speak. My name was to the
call. Otheis must answer for themselves.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope the bill will pass
now without objection. [Laughter.] I move
that the committee rise, and report the bill to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Webster reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and paiticuhuly the bill of the House
(No. ;287) to establish a branch of the Mint of the
United States at Denvei, in the Terutory of Col-
orado, and had directed him to report the same to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move the previous question
on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thiid tune, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motiotf was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless some other gentle-
man has business to propose, I will wove to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to make a motion.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 yield to the gentleman.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 rise to make a motion
that is generally popular in this House. I move
that when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPXjANATTON.
Mr. WOOD. I desire, with the consent of the
House, to make a personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. I yielded for the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky, butl cannot yield
further.
Mr. WOOD. There is a libel upon me in the
New York Tribune of yesterday, and I wish to
brand its author, whoever he may be, as a cow-
ard and a libeler.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do that
without getting thcconsentofthe House. [Laugh-
ter.]
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hutch-
ins in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill to regulate the franking privilege.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Chairman, a majority of
the Committee on Territories lately reported to
the House a bill to establish provisional govern-
ments over the districts of country now in rebel-
lion against the lawful authority of the United
States. The House, in the exercise of its judg-
ment, of which I do not complain, declined to
order it printed, but laid it upon the table. Two
minority reports were also made, one of which—if
I heard aright—characterized the bill as unconsti-
tutional, if not treasonable. Having concurred
with the majority of the committee, I deem it due
to myself to state briefly the reasons that governed
my action, and to attempt to show, that whatever
may be the policy of the bill, it is not obnoxious
to the grave charges of unconstitutionality and
treason.
1 am aware, sir, that the proposition is novel;
but we are surrounded by novel circumstances.
Indeed the entire history of the nation—if we re-
gard its origin, Us development, its form of gov-
ernment, its presentcondition—is novel, peculiar,
and wonderful,and to after ages it will appearex-
aggcrated, perhaps mythical. Within the memory
of men wtill living thice millions of feeble colo-
nists have broken away from the dominion of a
powerful monarchy, established their independ-
ence, increased to a great population, enjoyed a
measuie of freedom and prosperity never before
attained, become a liist-class Power, and finally,
without obvious excuse, have been plunged into
a ten iblo civil war, conducted by a million of com-
batants. And now a large portion of the country
is in a state of undisguised rebellion against law-
ful authoiity, and without the pale of constitu-
tional, local government. I have said that the
proposition is new; but not so are the principles
upon which it is based. It is not speculative*, it
looks to practical results; and to me it seems wor-
thy of careful investigation. In a large portion of
the Republic the due execution of the Federal
laws is suspended by hostile impediment which
must be removed; and lawful local government
has been extinguished which must be replaced.
The mode and the means arc practical questions
lying in our way, which, if we would, we cannot
avoid.
The substantial proposition contained in the
bill, briefly stated, is this: the United States is a
nationality, a sovereign Power, with vast territo-
rial possessions, amounting, in the aggregate, to
about three million two hundred and ilfty thou-
sand square miles, over which it is entitled to gov-
