1861.
APPENDIX TO THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
STtii Cong....2d Sess. Emancipation of Slaves in Rebel States—Mr. Harding.
Ho. of Reps.
liberty go down in clouds and darkness to rise no
more. The laut hope of a restoration of the Union
—thelasthope of free government upon this con-
tinent—will then sink and utterly perish. It would
seem to be a question of no great difficulty to de-
cide what is sound policy in the conduct of the
present war. The object and end of the war, clearly
perceived, would indicate, at once, the policy that
ought to govern it. This is not a war between two
foreign nations, wholly separated from each other,
bound together by no ancestral ties, and living
under Governments wholly antagonistic to each
other. If it was such a war, then the policy now
so strangely urged by some gentlemen might be
heard with some favor; then quotations from Vat-
tcl would be in point, for the object and end of
such a war would be, on our part, simply to sub-
due, conquer, and drive off ourenemy, withoutany
regard to the deep hate and intense bitterness of
feeling that might be engendered in the conflict.
In such a war it might be sound policy (if hu-
manity did not forbid it) to incite servile insur-
rection—burn up, confiscate, waste, and destroy
property, and press upon our enemy with all the
destructive fuiy of fire and sword. But he who
regards the present war in that light is notpre-
paied,cuid should never be trusted for a moment,
to dictate its policy.
This war has grown out of a rebellion of part
of the same people against the authority of their
own Government. The great mass of the rebels
have been deceived, seduced from their allegiance,
and led blindly on to theirpresent hostile position
byafew master spirits, arch-traitors, lost to every
patriotic emotion, but men of great intellectual
power and control over others. These people,
loyal and disloyal, weie all bound togethci bythe
ties of kindred blood, by a common country, lan-
guage,and history, and by the hallowed memories
of a glorious struggle by a common ancestry,
resulting in the establishment of a common free
Government—a Government which the rebels
themselves believed was the best the world ever
saw. But they were taught by their wily leaders
that a dominant party was about to torn the whole
powerof thatGovernment against them and their
institutions, to crush and destroy them; and thus
they were led into icbelhon against the Govern-
ment they had loved. So that the sad spectacle
is now presented, in the opposing armies,of neigh-
bor anayed against neighbor, father against son,
and bi other against brother, preparing to shed
each other's blood.
Now, with every good man, every friend of his
country, and with every true patriot, the object
and end of the war is not to destroy, conquer, and
drive off; but, with the least possible destruction
of property and life, to maintain and establish the
authority of the Government, and subdue, reclaim,
and bring back to their allegiance the misguided
rebels; a'nd thus bring together and harmonize the
great family of States m the bonds of Union and
common brotherhood, under the glorious old na-
tional banner. If any man supposes this great
and good result can be reached by the destruction
and confiscation of property, by making war upon
slavery in the South, by inciting the slaves to
insuneetion and rebellion, and by a species of
warfare so cruel and savage as that of arming or
encouraging the slaves to make war upon then-
masters and upon innocent women and children,
he is sadly mistaken; he has much yet to learn of
human nature, Such a war of aggression upon
the constitutional rights of the seceding States
would extinguish the last feeling of loyalty, unite
them as one man, exasperate and drive them to a
state of desperation, and forever lock, bolt, and
bar the door of reconciliation. This mad policy
would, at the same time, as certainly divide and
destroy the power of the great Union forces who are
now battling for the picservatum of the Govern-
ment. All over the northern and western non-
slavehoJdiiig States vast numbers of loyal and true
men would abandon such a war, or moke war upon
it. Brave officers and thousands of their troops,
now m the Union army, would at once disband and
lay down their aims, or baud together and turn
their arms against these who wcie piosecunng
such a war. And the tine and loyal men in the
border States of Missouri, Kentucky, and Mary-
land, after foieakmg houses and lands, and their
secession neighbors, and brothers and fathers and
sons—after " suffering so much for the Union,"
could hardly be expected to join in a war upon
their own domestic institutions and upon the Con-
stitution of their country. What was it, in the
revolutionary struggleofourfathers with England,
that now constitutes the bitter and burning mem-
ory of that period, transmitted fiom fathei to son,
and never to be forgotten? What the unpardon-
able sin of England ? What but that savage cruelty
which armed with scalping-knife and tomahawk
the wild Indians, and turned them loose to murder
and destroy aged men and helpless women and
children. And what patriot heart docs not burn
with indignation at the bare thought of that far
more savage barbarism that would ally itself to
the slaves in a servile war upon their masters?
Such a policy would, moreover, be the greatest
possible cruelty to the slaves themselves; for it
would certainly result in the destruction and
slaughter of a large portion of them. After all that
has been said on slavery by professed philanthro-
pists, still,in the present state of society, it remains
true that the abolitionist is the worst enemy of
the slave, and the humane master his truest and
best friend.
The ultra abolitionists, whether they know it
or not, haw; been and now aie giving tin: most
successful aid to the disunionists of the South,
and making the most successful war upon the
Union. The great and prevailing argument of the
leading disunionist, in the South and m the border
States, has been, and still is, that the North, in
violation of the Constitution, intended and was
about to turn the struggle into a war for emanci-
pation, and thus "plunge the whole population,
white and black," into a remoiseless and bloody
stiuggle. By this argument alone he has suc-
ceeded in seducing and drawing into the rebellion
thousands of misguided men. Without it he
would have been powerless; and this argument
has been furnished and put into his mouth by the
northern abolitionist. This has been the great
question of debate that loyal men have met and
battled agamstathousand times all over Kentucky,
But alter the passage of the Crittenden resolu-
tions in July last—after the President and his Cab-
inet had taken strong conservative giound—after
every department of the Government stood out,
openly committed and pledged to the whole coun-
try, to prosecute the war for the single purpose of
sustaining the Union and preserving the Govern-
ment with the rights of every State unimpaired—
then it was, i hat the Union men m Kentucky felt
themselves furnished with an unanswerable argu-
ment, and from a responsible source. Thus armed
and strengthened, the Union men renewed the
conflict. What was the result? Kentucky is-soon
" unchangeably ranged on the side of the Union'''—-
she votes men and money to carry on the war,
and though before then " she had refused to fur-
nish a single regiment," now, moic than twenty-
five thousand of her brave and loyal sons rally at
once under the stais and ^tripes. In \iew of all
this, is it not monstious that on the very first day
of our session men should rise here, and by their
ill-timed and radical measures revive the old ar-
i gument of " a war of einuncij)u(ioni,i thus putting
it afresh into the mouths of secession lenders,
crippling and disarming the Union men.and scat-
tering firebiands through the Union ramps? Sir,
when Kentuckians, for the love they bear to the
Union, are called to ariay themselves against their
misguided kindred, brothers and fathers; when
they are passing through this fiery ordeal; when
they are contending for every inch of giound with
a martyr firmness and patriotic devotion not sur-
passed at Bunker Hill or Yoi ktown, would it not
tax past endurance even the patience of Job for
these men m the North, who am subjected to noun
of these trials, to be. continually fuilushing the
arguments and the means to annoy them and de-
stroy theii eiToits?
Sir, the salvation of this great country requires
that conservative men of every political faith
should unite and band themselves together to
crush lebelhon m the South, and subdue and put
down aboliLuu disunionism m the North. Both
are unitedly warring against the Government of
our country. And I believe consei vatjve men will
do it. Though I was pained and oppressed with
gloomy forebodings at first, yet 1 am now satis-
fied that, with a large majority of this House,
these radical measures will meet with no favor
whatever. They cannot receive the sanction of
this House. But if, in this reasonable expecta-
tion 1 should be disappointed, I have still one hope
left. I believe m the honesty and firmness of the
President. I believe he is himself <s unchangeably
ranged on the side of the Union." And if these
measures should struggle through this House, he
would arrest them by a prompt exercise of the
veto power, and hold up the sinking cause of the
Union. But if this last hope should perish, what
then will become of the border States; what will
they do? I think I can safely answer for Ken-
tucky. If the war, righteously begun for the
preservation of the Constitution and the Union,
should be changed to an anti-slavery war, then
Kentucky will unitedly make war upon that war.
And if an army from the North should move to-
ward Kentucky, to visit upon her the horrors of
a war for emancipation, then Kentucky will meet
that army at the threshold, dispute every inch of
ground, burn every blade of grass, and resist to
the last extremity.
Should it be said, Kentucky will soon be ready
for disunion, if that is her temper; I reply, that
so long as Kentucky shall remember the warning
voice of Heniy Clay, she shall answer, " Never,
never, never /" And if that voice should be forgot-
ten, still the united voices of her venerable living
patriots—her Critten'dens, her Wickliffes, her
Holts, and her Davises, would ring out over all
her hills and valleys, " Never, never/" And when
these patriots pass away, hosts of younger men,
led on by their example, will still say " Never /"
No, no, the great mass of Kentuckians will be
true to the memories of the past. Tney will not
pronounce this fiec Government " a failure," and
throw it oft* as a worn and worthless garment.
They will struggle for their rights in the Union
and under the Constitution as best they can, and
as long as they can.
An emancipation movement against the rebel
States can fi.xd no shadow of justification from the
plea of necessity sometimes urged by northern
men. The gieat Union party have a just cause,
four times the number of fighting men, and nearly
all the money: and it is strange that northern men
should make this plea, lest it should be construed
as an indorsement of that idle gasconade of the
South which represents one southern man as being
a full match for four or five northern men, on the
field of battle. Such a movement against the South
finds still less justification as a measure of retali-
ation. It is scarcely ever good policy, and never
sound morality, to resort to the law of retaliation.
Sir, if a man tiaduees me, I cannot afford to slan-
der him in return. If he burns my barn? I can-
not become a felon, and burn his house. In the
present war, we have a just and righteous cause,
and can well afford to confine ourselves to just
and i i^hteous means for its prosecution. We can-
not follow the example of the rebels, unless we
would become rebels ourselves. Shall we destroy
and confiscate property because they do? Make
allies of slaves because they make allies of In-
dians * And shall wo violate one provision of the
Constitution because they have trampled under
foot the whole instrument? " Thou that judgest
another, and doest the same thing, how shaltthou
escape the judgment?"
Sir, the Union cause in the border States has
already lost more strength by the agitation of this
question in Congiess, at this session, than was
lost by the defeat of our arms at Bull Run. Gen-
tlemen should take car* lest in their great zeal to
stuke off the bonds of the slave they should be
preparing chains and slavery for themselves and
posterity.
Sir, the fearful responsibility, the deepguilt and
oiime, of plnn^in^ this great country into all the
horrors of civil war and bloodshed, does not rest
alone upon th<> leading secessionists of the South;
a full share of that criminal guilt is justly charge-
able to the leading disunion abolitionists of the
North. If this Government shall outride the angry
storm now threatening its destruction, and the
fearful day of just retubution shall come, may it
not bejusily said to these leading spirits from the
North and the South: You have been co-workers
in the attempt to destroy the Government of your
country. You of the North soueht to dissolve the
Union "of these States, professedly to destroy sla-
