530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Mr. HOLMAN. I have the law before me,
and I trust that I will be excused for reading it
again. It is in these words:
"for transportation of bullion from New York assay
office to the United States Mint lor coinage, $5,000."
It will be seen that the language used is the same
as that used in this bill, with the exception of the
* amount appropriated, and last year it was $5,000,
while now $20,000 is asked. The law, T think,
will determine the question as to the amount appro-
priated in the last appropriation bill. I wouM like
to know why this large increase of the appropria-
tion is necessary ?
Mr. STEVENS. The mistake which the gen-
tleman makes is that he does not refer to all of the
laws on the subject. If the gentleman will refer
to the estimates of the Department, he will find
that last year §45,474 was appropriated and ex-
pended for this purpose. So, then, the appropri-
ation in this bill is a decrease and not an increase
of last year's appropriation.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Territory of New Mexico :
For salaries of Governor, thiee judges, and secretary,
$12,000
Mr. HOLMAN. I find that there is an increase
in that appropriation over the one of last year for
the same purpose of $3,000. f move, therefore,
to strike out $13,000, and to insert$9,000, making
it the same that it was last year. I should like
to know upon whatground the proposed increase
is asked ?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know exactly how
it happens, without a reference to thelaw. There
may have been a balance left fioni former appro-
priations. The law fixes the salai ies of these offi-
cers. The salary of the Governor is fixed at
$2,500, of the chief justice and two associates at
$2,500 each, and of the secretary at $2,000.
This appropriation is exactly what is provided
by the law, and I hope that it will not be stricken
out.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there was a surplus in
former appropriations I would like to have it
explained how it occurred?
Mr. STEVENS., 1 cannot.
Mr. WATTS. I can explain it. We have oc-
casionally had imported into ourTerritoryjudges
and other officers from a groat distance, who often
desire to return to their homes to spend their time
there instead of lutoiwling; to the disohingo of their
official duties in New Mexico. We have had
some who have attempted to draw the salary for
a whole year without being in New Mexico atalS.
In consequence of the recent regulations at the
First Comptroller's office, we have accumulated
a surplus, which sometnms saves the necessity
of making so large an appi opriation as thelaw
requires for the payment of these sakuirs. But
these salaries aie fixed, and cannot be added to or
diminished one dollar.
Mr.IIOLMAN. Tlowdoes this matterstand ?
Mi. STEVENS. There are four salaries. The
Governor, the chief justice and two associates, at
$2,500 a yeai each, and a secretary at $2,000; in
all, amounting to $12,000, which is* theamountof
this appi opriation.
Mr. IIOLMAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
"The Clerk read, as follows:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officer, cleiks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $15,000.
Mr. WATTS. I move to add to that the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That the surplus if anv, of said nppiopmtion
may he used for the repair ot the palace building and the
revision ofthe laws of Now Mexico.
1 will explain the amendment. The palace
building is used ky the United States for the pur-
poses ofthe Legislative Assembly of New Mexico.
It lg a building which belongs to the Territory of
New Mexico, and has been used for more than
two hundred years for public purposes. A decent
respect would induce the Government, as it pays
no rent for this building, at least to keep it in re-
pair, especially, too, when we have an appropri-
ation of *>60,000 upon the statute-books foi the
completion ofthe public butldmgvs of New Mex-
ico, which, however, cannot, on account ofthe
necessities of the Treasury, he now given to us.
After we give this paiaee building to the Govern-
ment rent free, I do not think any member will
object to my amendment, unless he is affected with
stringent notions of economy at the expense of
justice. The amendment was submitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and met with its
approval.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The Clcik read, as follows:
For salaile3 of Governor, three judges, and secretary,
$1« ,500.
Mr. DAILY. I move to increase that to $20,000.
There has been some mistake made here. The
appropriation for every other Territory is $20,000,
and the appropriation heretofore for this purpose,
for the Territory of Nebraska, has been $20,000.
I ask the Clerk to read the letter which 1 send to
him.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Register's Officc, January %3, 1863.
Sir: Your letter of to-day, addressed to the Assistant
Secretary ot the Treasuiy, has been referred to me. The
cleik who made up the estimates ol appropuutiuns to which
you refer is now absent fiom severe indisposition For this
leason" I am unable to answer at once wlietliei there is an
erior in the estimate ol §10,000 or not.
The estimate for "compensation, mileage, &c.,"for the
Tcmtoiy ot'Ncbra^ka, tor the year ending 30th June, 1882,
amounted to $20,000. It seems impiobable that it should
have been reduced to $10,000 in a single year. 1 will, how-
ever, communicate to you all the facts I ran a^ceitatn in
the premise- as soon as the clerk letmns to his desk.
Youis lespcetluUy, ' S. E. CHITTENDEN,
Register.
S. G. Daily, Esq., Member of Congress.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For salaiies of the distucf judges, $115,750.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whethei that ap-
piopriation is not based upon the idea of there
being a full bench of the Supreme Court ? It is
the same appropriation made for this purpose be-
fore any of the judges had resigned.
Mr. STEVENS. .The appiopnation is upon
the basis of a full bench. We did not know how
many ofthe vacancies would be filled up. It was
the only bas>s upon which we could go.
The followingclausesbeingunderconsidoration:
For legal assistance and other necc-saiv expenditures in
the disposal of puv.ite land claim?, in Cahloima. .c-lO.OOO.
For special and oi'nei cxtiaordmaij expenses ot California
land claims, ^20,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out this ap-
propriation of $10,000 for legal and other expend-
itures m reference to private land claims in Cali-
fornia; and also the §20,000 for extraordinary
expenses of California land claims. And in making
this motion I desire to inquire of some gentleman
fiom California whether the unsettled condition
of the titles of the public lauds in that State re-
quites the extraordinary expenditure which was.
leqmred some five, six, or ten years ago, to be
made by the Government for the purpose of per-
fecting titles. 1 have understood that the neces-
sity of tins appropriation has long since gone by,
and if this is appropriated now, it is for purposes
not absolutely demanded, at least by any public
necessity.
Mr. SARGENT. I will say to the gentleman
that former efforts to settle these titles have only
succeeded, in some cases, in involving them in
mon  confusion. We aie in hopes that these
matters will be soon straightened out. The land
titles are in an extremely unsettled condition.
But few men in the a^ricultntal ili-stricts know
whether tliey are living on their own land or some-
body's else, and if it belongs to some one else,
which of the twenty or thirty claimants has the
best title. In consequence of titles oveilapping
each other, individuals have paid two or three
times over for their land, and in the end have found
themselves having no better title. Thesematteis
are m the progivss of settlement. I deem this
appropriation still necessary, and I trust that,by
a better administration of this matter in Califor-
nia, in a shoit time I may be able to say that af- !
fairs are in so much better condition that such an
appropi aiiion can he dispensed with.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman svnether the expenses to which he refers
do not result from a conflict between private
claimants m California?
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that these ex-
penses arise out of this state of facts: that the
claimants, under the Mexican grants, claim as
against the United States valuable lands. The set-
tlers upon those lands, of course, are interested in
the United States being successful in the courts;
and on account of their interest they frequently
employ counsel themselves to assist the counsel
employed by the Government. A great deal of
valuable property will be lost to the Government
provided these adverse claims'are not contested.
1 believe that some of the claims of the Govern-
ment are not good, and that those claimingunder
Mexican grants have a good title; but I also be-
lieve, at the same time, that a great deal of fraud
is covered up in many of these claims under Mex-
ican grants, and that the right of the Government
should be vindicated to such lands for the benefit
of those settling upon them.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wis
tion in reference to the object of this amendment.
I know that by the employment by the President
and Secretary of counsel to look after the interest
of the United States in California, and in the Su-
preme Court of the United States, the Govern-
ment saves millions of dollars. That business has
to be attended'to by some person, and I suppose
this appropriation is intended to pay the addi-
tional counsel; for it is utterly impossible for the
Attorney General to go there, and it is utterly im-
possible for a man to perform the duties of his
office, and at the same time attend to all the bus-
iness in which the United States is interested in
the Supreme Court. He is compelled to employ
additional counsel.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In addition to
what the gentleman from Kentucky has said, 1 will
remark that the explanation in the estimate for
this appiopriation ts that the Attorney General
says that the usual appropriation for the Califor-
nia land claims is still needed to the extent to
which it has been made for the last few years.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The following clause being under consideration:
For salary of additional clerke, messengers, and watch-
men in office of A distant Treasurei at Boston, $5,900;
Mr. HOLMAN said: This appropriation seems
to be much increased over what it was last year.
1 move to strike out "^5,900, "and insert "$1,200,"
which is the appropriation made last Congress.
I trust the reduction will be made unless it can be
shown tiiat the business of that office has been im-
mensely increased. It certainly would require a
large increase of labor to justify almost five times
the amount appiopiiated last Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. It is true that the appropri-
ation last year was, as the gentleman has stated,
only $1,200. The committee has received a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury
showing why this large increase is necessary.
That communication was satisfactory to the com-
mittee, and I will have it read to the House.
The communication was read, as follows:
Treasury Department, December 30, 1861.
Sir : 1 have the honor to suggest that the Assistant Ti eas-
urer at Boston require-* foi the piompt discharge of the
duties devolved on ins office :
One cleik, at £1,600 pei annum.
One do  1.500
One do  1,200 "
One do  1.000 «
One do  900 "
And a pniter.at  600 "
Making    6,8'
The pie-ent establishment author-
ized §2,100
The additional amount allied, on
page 55 ofthe estimate is  3,000
! per annum.
5,100
Additional amount neec^aiy 
I have theietore the honor to request that the item of
,53.000in the estimate* above referred to may he enlaiged to
^4.100, and apptopruition bill amended accoidingly.
Ver\ lespcctliilly, youi obedient servant,
S. P. CHASE.
Sccrclary oj Ike Treasury.
Hon Tiiabdeus Stfvev*,
Cheat man. of Committee of JVays and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be seen that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury gives no reason for this
increase, but simply states the fact that the in-
crease is necessary. Certainly the House will not
consent to make tins increase unless it sees some
reason for it; and 1 would inquire of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
