2m-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
dense, then it devolves upon the owner of the land
the .onus probandi, the burden of showing this
negative fact. He might not be able to do it pos-
sibly*, but on the other hand he might be able to
do it. So I might enumerate a great number of in-
stances. If he could not do it, then the sale would
stand good, and his deed would be held to be valid,
. Mr* FESSENDEN. I think that if my friend
will aJlow the vote to be taken, he will find no
djificultyin the way. On thinking this matter
over, all will come to the conclusion that it is too
dangerous to allow the whole estate to be con-
cluded.
Mr. HOWARD. I think 50, too. I do not
desire to say anything more about it.
Mr. HOWE. I want to suggest to my friend
that this seems to me to be a struggle about a
thing of the least importance in the world. If we
were providing for the collection of a tax levied
directly on the land, so that every man's land was
going to be sold for a small sum of money, these
provisions would be very important; but when
you take into consideration that this land is only
to be sold for the non-payment of duties, and that
these duties are all charges, first upon your great
manufacturers, second, upon your great butchers,
third, upon your savings banks and your ordinary
banks, your incorporated railroad companies, and
the like of that, it will be very manifest, I think,
there never will be an acre of land sold for the non-
payment of the duty at all. Their duties will be
payable in large sums, and they will either have
means to pay them without resorting to real es-
tate, or they will be broken down, and they will
not have any real estate o>r anything else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire,
to reconsider the vote on the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Michigan, to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The motion was not agreed to.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to strike out all of section twenty-
two, after the word " that" in the first line, and
also section twenty-three, in the following words:
With respect to property lying within any collection dis-
trict, notowncd or occupied, or superintended by some per-
son residing in audi collodion diotnet, and not being in or
having some place of business within the United States, and
on which the duty or tax shall not have been paid to the
collector or deputy collector within ninety days after the
day on which he shall have received the collection lists
from the said assessors, respectively, as aforesaid, or within
nmetv days from the time any other or additional lists shall
have been received, as aforesaid, the collector shall trans-
mit lists of the sametooneefthe collectors within the same
State, to be designated for that purpose by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and the collector who shall
have been thus designated by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall transmit receipts for all the lists received, as
aforesaid, to the collector transmitting tiie same; and the
collectors, thus designated in each State by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, shall cause notifications of the
duties or taxes due as aforesaid, and contained in the lists
thus transmitted to them, to be published for twenty days
in at least one of the newspapers published in or nearest to
the county where the property is situated; and the owners
of the property on which such duties or taxes tnajl be due
shall be permitted to pay to such collector the said duty or
tax, with an addition of five per cent, thereou: Provided,
That such payment is made within six months after the day
011 which the collector of the district where such property
Jie.-i had notified that the tax had become due on the same
Sec. *23. And be it further enacted, That when any tax,
as aforesaid, shall have remained unpaid for the term of six
months, as aforesaid, the collector of the State where the
property hes, and who shall have been designated by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, as aforesaid, having
first advertised the same for twenty days in at least one
.newspaper in the State, shall proceed to sell, at public sale,
so much of the said property as may be necessary to satisfy
the duties or taxes due thereon, together with an addition
of five per cent, thereon; or if such propeity is not divisible,
as aforesaid, the whole thereof s-hall be sold, and accounted
for in the manner hereinhefoie provided. If the property
advertised for sale cannot besoklforthe amountof the duty
or tax due thereon, togethei with the said addition, the col-
lector shall purchase the came in behalf of the United States
for such amount and addition. And the collector t-hall
render a distinct account-of the charges incuned in offering
and advertising for sale such property, and pay into the
Tieasury the surplus, if any, of the aforesaid addition of
five per cent., after defraying the said charges.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
If any collector shall find upon any lists of taxes returned
to him tor collection property Ijing within his district which
Is charged with any specific 01 ad valorem tax or duty, but
which is not owned, occupied, or supeilntended by some
person known to such collector to reside or to have some
place ol business within the United States, sucii collector
shall forthwith take such property into his custody, and
shall advertise the same, and the tax charged upon the same,
in some newspaper published 111 his district, if any shall be
published therein, otherwise in some newspaper m an ad-
joining district, for the space of thirty days j and if the taxes
thereon, with all charges for advertising, shall not be paid
within said thirty days, such collector shall proceed to sell
the same, or so much as is necessary, in the manner pro-
vided for the sale of other goods distrained for non-payment
of taxes, and out of the proceeds shall satisfy all taxes
chajged upon such property, with the cost of adveitising
and celling the same. And like proceedings to those pro-
vided in the preceding section for the purchase and resale
of property which cannotbe sold for the amount of duty or
tax due thereon shall be had with regard to property sold
under the provisions of this section. And any surplus aris-
ing from any sale herein provided for shall be paid into the
Treasury, for the benefitof the owner of the property. And
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized in any case
where money shall be paid into the Treasury for the benefit
of any owner of property sold as aforesaid, to repay the
same, on proper proof being furnished that the person ap-
plying therelor is entitled to receive the same.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
nine, page 24, to strike out the proviso from line
seventeen to line twenty-two, in the following
words:
Provided, however, That the period of one year from the
said annual dayshall be allowed to the collector designated
in each State, as afoiesaid, by the Commissioner ot Inter-
nal Revenue, with respect to the taxes contained in the list
transmitted to him by the other collectors, as aforesaid.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
fiye, page 30, to strike out from line seventeen to
line twenty-two the words, " designated in each
State, as aforesaid, by the Commissioner of In-
eternal Revenue, shall receive credit for the duties
or taxes due-for all property, articles, or objects
which, after being offered by him for sale in man-
ner aforesaid, shall or may have been purchased
by him in behalf of the United States;" and to
insert in Jieu thereof," shall also be credited with
the amount of all property purchased by him for
the use of the United States, provided he shall
faithfully account for and pay over the proceeds
thereof upon a resale of the same, as required by
this act."
The next amendment was in section twen® -
six, page 26, after the word " collector," in line
twenty-one, to strike out the words, " and the
amount of the sums due from any collector, a-s
aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby declared
to be a lien upon the lands and real estate of such
collector and his sureties, until the same shall be
discharged according to law."
The next amendment was in line eight, section
twenty-seven, page 33, to strike out the words,
" in any court having competent jurisdiction."
The next amendment was in line two, scction
twenty-eight, page 33, after the word " collector,"
to insert the words, " assessor or assistant as-
sessor;" so that it will read, * that a collector or
deputy collector, assessor 01* assistant assessor,
shall be authorized to enter, in the daytime, any
brewery," &c.
The next amendment was in section thirty-one,
page 34, after the word " collector," in the sev-
enth line, to strike out the words, " and for the
official conduct of such deputies, in case of the
death of the collector, the estate of such deceased
collector shall be responsible to the United States;"
and to insert in lieu thereof, " and for the official
acts and defaults of such deputy a remedy shall
be had on the official bond of the collector, as iri
other cases."
The nextamendment was in section thirty-two,
page 35, after the word (i act," in line seven, to
strike out the words, " and all fines, penalties,
and forfeitures which shall be incurred by force
of this act, shall and may be sued for and recov-
ered in the name of the United States, or of the
collector or deputy collector within whose district
any such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall have
been incurred, by bill, plaint, or information,be-
fore any court of competent jurisdiction;" and to
insert in lieu thereof, " and all fines, penalties,
and forfeitures which maybe incurred or imposed
by virtue of this act, shall and may be sued for
and recovered, in the name of the United States,
or of the collector within whose district any such
fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall have been in-
curred, in any proper form of action, or by any
appropriate form of proceeding, before any cir-
cuit or district court of the United States for the
district within which said fine, penalty, or for-
feiture may have been incurred, or before any
other court of competent jurisdiction."
The next amendments were in section thirty-
five, page 37, lino five, after the word " dollars"
to insert the word " and;" in the same line, after
the word " upon," to strike out the words, " the
second $100,000, and one half of one per cent,
upon;" in line seven to strike out " two" and in-
sert "one;" and in line eleven to strike out
"eight" and insert il ten;" so that the section
will read:
That there shall be allowed to the collectors appoitited
under this act, in full compensation for their services and
that of their deputies in carrying this act into effect, a com-
mission of four per cent, upon the first $100,000, and one
per cent, upon all sum« above $100,000; such commissions
to be computed upon the amounts by them respectively paid
overand accounted for under the instructions of the Treas-
ury Department: Pro That in no case shall such
commissions exceed the sum of $10,000 per annum.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
section thirty-five the following proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to make such further allowance for deputies as may be
reasonable in cases in which, from the territorial extent of
the distiict, it may seem just to make such allowance.
The nextamendment was in section thirty-six,
page 38, lines twelve and thirteen, to strike out
the words " with the consent of the Secretary of
the Treasury."
The next amendment was, after section thirty-
six, to insert the following as a new section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of
distraint and sale of goods or chattels for non-payment of
taxe3 provided for in this act, the bill of sale of such goods
or chattels, given by the officer making such sale to the pur-
chaser theieof, shall be primdfacic evidence of the right of
the officer to make such sale, and of the correctness of his
proceedings in selling the same.
Mr. HOWE. I really think a sale of personal
property ougfht to be conclusive.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think so too. I thought
so in the first placc, but it was altered. The Sen-
ator had bettor move to amend.
Mr. HOWE. I will move to strike out "prima
facie," in the sixth line,and insert " conclusive."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How does it read now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That the bill of
sale given by the officer making the sale " shall
be conclusive evidence of the right of the officer
to make such sale," &c.
Mr. HOWE. AH that relates to lands and
deeds of lands has been struck out of the section?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir*, we struck out
all relating to lands in committee.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
seven, page 39? after the word " that," to striKe
out the words, " should any of the people of any
of the States or Territories of the United States,
or the District of Columbia, be in actual rebellion
against the authority of the Government of the
United States at any time after this act goes mto
operation, so that the laws of the United States
cannot be executed therein," and to insert in lieu
thereof: " if for any cause, after this act goes into
operation, the laws of the United States cannot.be
executed in a State or Territory of the United
States, or any part thereof, or within the District
of Columbia."
The nextamendment was in line nine, of sec-
tion thirty-seven, after the word " Territory," to
insert the words "or part thereof," so that the
clause will read: " it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent, and he is hereby authorized, to proceed to .
execute the provisions of this act within the limits
of such State or Territory, or part thereof," &c.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
eight, page 40, after the word " act," inline two,
to insert44 except those districts within any State
or Territory which have been or may be other-
wise specially provided forbylaw;"andafterthe
word " authorized," in line three, to insert the
words "in all cases where the payment of such
tax has not been assumed by the State;" so that
the section would read:
That the officers who may be appointed under this act,
except within those districts within any State or Territory
which have been or may be otherwise specially provided for
by law, shall be, and hereby are, authorized, 111 all cases
wheie the payment of such tax has not been assumed by the
State toperfoim all the duties relating to or regarding the as-
eessmenttmd collcction of the direct fax imposed by an act
entitled" An act to provide increased revenue from imports,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved August 5, J 801, or any direct tax which may be
hereafter enacted, &c.
The next amendment was to strike out scction
thirty-nine, as follows:
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That every person
who, on the 1st day ot July, 1862, shall be the owner of any
! still or stills, 01 oilier implements u-jed in lieu of stills, for
the purpo&e of distilling spirituous liquors, or who shall
have such still or stills, or implement5, as aforesaid, under
his superintendence, either as agent or on his own account,
shall, on or before said day, and every person wno, after
