u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. [December 19 and 20,
37tii Cons....2d Sess.
Object of the War—Mr. Willey.
Senate.
deep sea." And to-day the so-called confederate
States are appealing to the sympathies of the
world to rescue them from the persistent oppres-
sion of the United States Government!
Sir, these subterfuges were so transparent that
the more astute of the conspirators, seeing that
they must be convicted by the verdict of reason,
and the voice of mankindof duplicity, have boldly
avowed that the election of Mr. Lincoln, and the
triumph of the Republican party, were not the
causes of their rebellion. It became convenient
for them to make these things the occasion of it.
The careful observer of events might have seen
tlieir shadows coming before, twenty-five years
ago. The real course of this rebellion I hope to
make apparent before I conclude. At present suf-
fice it to say, that it was no sudden, unpremedita-
ted insurrection—it was the result of a deliberate,
long-concocted conspiracy; as has been virtually
acknowledged by many of the principal conspira-
tors.
"We all remember the letter of William L. Yan-
cey, urging the policy of " firing the southern
heart," for the purpose of " precipitating" a dis-
solution of the Union.
In the late convention in South Carolina, most
of the leading members expressed themselves in
terms of exultation, that the event so long de-
voutly wished for had been consummated.
Mr. Keitt, a prominent member of the other
branch of Congress, declared that he had " been
engaged in this movement ever since he entered
political life "
Mr. Rhett said:
"It la nothing produced by Mr. Lincoln's election, or the
non -execution of the. fugitive slave law. It is a matter
wiiioli lias been gathering head for thirty years."
Mr. Inglis said:
" Most. of us have had this matter under consideration for
the last twenty years."
I might multiply the evidence; but the fact is
now unquestionable,.
It was necessary to apologize for their with-
drawalundersomcpretenseofjustification. Hence
the dogma of " peaceable secession"—the right j
of a State to peaceably secede at the pleasure and
within the sole discretion of the State seceding!
A new theory of our Government was thus pro-
pounded to cover the ignominy of the retreating
parties. And whatan idea of government! What
a Union ! A Government without authority to
maintain itself, and a Union with no obligation or
bond-to perpetuate ii! What a commentary on
the wisdom of Washington and 1'ranklm, of Mad-
ison and Jefferson ! Sir, the Constitution which
we have hitherto regarded and revered as the
wisest and best plan of government ever devised,
turns out, if this dogma of secession be true, to
be a mere solecism, a miserable abortion. Under >
this theory we have a constitutional Government ,
avowedly on its face claiming loTorm a more per-
fect Union, yet containing within itself a funda-
mental principle of its own destruction.
Sir, our Federal Constiiution is a farce if this
right of secession be admitted. It is a mere cari-
cature of government. It is less efficient than the
old Articles of Confederation, which were ac-
knowledged to be a failure. Of the operations of
the old Articles of Confederation, Washington
Wrote to Warren, as follows:
" The Confederation appears to me to be little more than
ft shadow without iho tub-tancc, and Congress a nugatory
body, their ordinances being little attended to. Town
•Jg a solecism in politics—indeed, it is one of the mo->t ex-
traordimuy tiling* in nature—that we should be contedeiate
ay a nation, and vet be afraid to give the juleis of Unit na-
tion—who aie creature? of our own making, appointed ibr
a limited and short duration, am] who ate amenable ibr
every action, and may be recalled at any moment, and are
subject to all the evils which thev may be instrumental in
producing—sufficient powers to order and direct the same.
By Mich policy as this the wheels of Government are
clogged, and our brightest prospects, and that high expecta-
tion winch was entertained ol us by the wondeung world,
arc turned aito jwtoni&hment; and trom the high ground on
which wo stood we arc descending into the vale ot confu-
sion and daikucss."
To James Madison he wrote:
"The consequences of a lax or inefficient Government
are too obvious to be dwelt upon. Thirteen sovereignties
pulling against each other, and all tugging at the Federal
head, will soon bring min upon the whole? whereas a lib-
eral and energetic Constitution, well cheeked and well
watched to prevent encroachments, might restore us to that
degree of respectability and consequence to which we had
the &4rest prospect of attaining."
To John Jay he wrote:
a We have errors to correct. We have probably had, too
good an opinion ofhuman nature in forming our Conteder-
acy. Experience has taught us that men will notadoptand
carry into execution measures the best calculated for their
own good without the intervention of coercive power, i do
not conceive we can exist long as a nation without lodging
somewhere a power which will pervade the whole Union
in as energetic a manner as the authority of the State gov-
ernments extends over the several States."
And yet, if it be true that a State may secede
at pleasure, Washington, with the sages who co-
operated with him in the establishment of the
Federal Constitution, and who professed in their
preamble to it to desire and to have provided for
a " more perfect union," utterly unconscious of
the imbecility and of the true import of his own
labors to remedy preexistingevils, succeeded only
in furnishing to his countrymen a constitution of
government less efficient and containing less force
of national unity and power than the shackling
and rickety articles of the old Confederation which
were superseded. And this delusion and ignorance
of the import of his labors must have followed
and possessed the " Father of his Country" all
through the eight years of his illustrious admin-
istration of the Federal Government; for, in his
farewell address, he says to his countrymen:
"To the efficacy and permaneneyof your Union, a Gov-
ernment for tlie whole is indispensable. No alliance, how-
ever strict, between the parts can be an adequate substi-
tute ; they must inevitably experience the infractions and
interruptions which ail alliances in all times have expe-
rienced. Sensible of this momentous truth, you have im-
proved upon your first essay, by the adoption of a consti-
tution of government better calculated than your former
for an intimate union, and for the efficacious management
of your common concerns. Tins Government, the offspring
of our own choice, uninfluenced and unawed, adopted upon
full investi atiou and mature deliberation, completely free
in its principles, in the distribution of its powers, uniting
security with energy, and containing within itself a provis-
ion for its own amendment, has a just claim to your con-
fidence and your support. Respect for its authority, com-
pliance with its laws, acquiescence m its measures, are
duties enjoined by the fundamental maxims of true liberty.
The basis of our political systems is the light of tlie people
to make and to alter their constitutions of government.
But the Constitution which at any time exists, till changed
by an explicit and authentic'net of the whole people, is
saciedly obligatory upon all. The very idea of the power
and the right of the people to establish Government pre-
supposes the duty of every individual to obey tlie estab-
lished Government."
But this fiction of secession, I repeat, strikes at
the fundamental idea of a national government.
It completely emasculates it and leaves a barren
inanity. It is now giving terrible illustration of
the consequences portrayed by Washington. Be-
hold how again, in the language of his letter to
Warren, which I have just read—
" By such a policy as tiiis the wheels of Government are
clogged, and our biightest prospects, and that high expect-
ation which was enteitaincd of us by the wondering world,
are turned into astonishment; and fiom tlie high giound on
which we stood, wc arc descending into the vale of con
fusion and daikness.,>
The old Articles of Confederation are headed
" Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union
between the States;" and they are concluded in
these terms: " And that the union shall be per-
petual." The preamble to the Constitution de
clares that one of its principal purposes is " to form
a more perfect union.M Iiow is all this consist-
ent with the principle of peaceable, discretionary
secession ? Sir, in the language of General Jack-
son, in his message of J 6th January, 1833—
" The right of the people ofa single State to absolve them-
selves at will, and without the consent of the other States,
fiom their mo&t solemn obligations, and hazard the liberty
arid happiness of the millions composing this Union, can-
not he acknowledged. Such authority is believed to be
utterly repugnant both to the principles upon which the
General Government is constituted and to the objects which
ii was expressly formed to attain."
Equally repugnant to this doctrine of secession
are the powers vested in the General Government
by the express terms of the Constitution. The
Constitution expressly vests in the General Gov-
ernment all the fundamental functions of complete
national sovereignty. By section eight of article
one, among other attnbutes of sovereignty, power
is conferred on Congress
"To levy and collect taxes, duties, imposts,and excises.
" To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among
theseveial States.
"To coin money, and regulate the value thereof.
" To declare war, and grant letters of marque and re-
prisal.
" To raise and support armies.
" To provide and maintain a navy, %
** To make treaties,"
And, as if the framers of the Constitution were
apprehensive of future assumptions of authority
upon the part of the States, incompatible with the
exercise of this national sovereignty, they did not
rest satisfied with conferring these positive pow-
ers on the General Government; but they also,
by negation, expressly prohibited the exercise of
such powers by the States. ^ So, in article one,
section ten, of the Constitution, it is provided,
among other restrictions, that
" No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confed-
eration; grant letters of marque or reprisal; com money j
emit bills of credit," &c.
And finally, as if to exclude all controversy, it
ordained in the second section of article, six, aa
follows:
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authoiity of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the land."
The advocates of this right of discretionary se-
cession do not pretend that it is either expressly
or impliedly reserved in any clause of the Consti-
tution; but they allege the right is inferrible from
the manner in which the Constitution was ratified
by the States; that it was ratified by the States
distinctively in their sovereign capacities as States;
and that, therefore, the Constitution is a mere com-
pact between sovereign States, and is in fact noth-
ing more than the terms of a league between in-
dependent sovereignties, liable to be dissolved at
the pleasure of any of the parties to it. All this is
mere assumption. Not so did Mr. Madison, the
great artificer <*f the Constitution, understand his
own handiwork. He says:
" It was formed by the States—that is, by the people in
each oi the States, acting in their highest sovereign capac-
ity; and formed consequently by the same authority which
formed tlie State constitutions."
And again he says:
" Nor is the Governmentof the United States, created by
the Constitution, less a Government in the strict sense of
the term, within the sphere of us powers, than the govern-
ments created by the constitutions of the States are within
their several spheres. It is, like them, organized into legis-
lative, executive, and judiciary departments. It operates,
like them, directly on persons and things ; and, like them,
it has at command a physical force for executing the powers
committed to it."
And the form and mode of submission of the
Constitution for ratification are repugnant to the
idea of a mere compact or league between the States
in their distinctive sovereign capacity. Look at
the preamble to it. It does not commence, we the
States; nor, indeeed, we the people of the States
respectively do ordain and adopt the following
compactor leag-ue. No, it speaks out honestly
and to the purpose. It plainly and broadly de-
clares: " We, the people of the United States, do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the Uni-
ted States of America."
Why, sir, this device of anarchy and confusion
was exploded in the very beginning. Some of the
jealous devotees of State rights, apprehensive of
the overshadowing power of the central Govern-
ment, started the idea of a conditional adoption of
the Constitution, reserving the right to withdraw
if it should afterwards appear to be necessary.
Hence, Mr. Hamilton wrote to Mr. Madison,
inquiring if it would be competent to do so. What
was Mr. Madison's answer ? Mr. Madison then,
just fresh from his labor of framing the Constitu-
tion, in 1788, replied as follows:
" The Constitution lequires an adoption in toto and for-
evei. It has been so adopted by the other States. An adop-
tion foi a limited time would be as defective as an adoption
of some of the articles only, in short, any condition what-
ever must vitiate the ratification. What tlie new Congress,
by virtue of the power to admit new States, may be able
and disposed to do in such a case, I do not inquire, as I
suppose that is not the inateiial point at present. I have
not a moment to add more than my fervent wishes for your
success and happiness. The idea—and these are thewoidi
to which I wish particularly to refer—of reserving the right
to withdiavv was staited at Richmond, and considered as a
conditional ratification, which was itself abandoned as
woise than rejection."
Where, then, can this extraordinary right of
secession find its predicate? Verily, it is said,
in the resolutions of the Virginia and Kentucky
Legislatures, passed 1798-99, and 1800. Itwould
be more to the point to refer to the Constitution it-
self. The Legislatures of Virginia and Kentucky
were, no doubt, very respectable bodies; but they
were not the parties who made the Constitution;
nor can their resolves supersede the Constitution.
But it ia alleged that Mr. Madison, who was in
