582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it is.
Mr. WRIGHT. If all the gentleman's ideas
of retrenchment and reform are based on the same
principle as the passage of the bill abolishing the
franking privilege is, 1 despair of seeing anything
that bears any resemblance to reform. I have on
my desk a letter which I have just opened, in
which one of my constituents says that the pas-
sage of that bill has taken the jackal's share from
the people. I hope the gentleman from Indiana
will not state hereafter that the principal measure
of reform at this Congress has been to abolish a
privilege which gave us an opportunity of fur-
nishing the people of the country with informa-
tion of what Congress is doing. I do not know
what the gentleman's amendment is, but after the
remark which fell from him in regard to the frank-
ing privilege I could not avoid making a reply.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move a pro
forma amendment, to increase the appropriation
one dollar, for the purpose of making an explana-
tion. The gentleman from Indiana reads us some-
thing of a lecture, charging us with not being in
favor of reform and retrenchment. He accuscs
us of not having made a single efl'ort in that di-
rection. If he had looked at the item immediately
succeeding this one, he would have seen that his
statement was not warranted by the facts. Instead
of an appropriation of $50,000, we propose only
§12,000. In the following item, instead of appro-
priating $20,000, we only propose to appropriate
$10,000. In the next, instead of $10,000, we only
propose $5,000, and so on through, perhaps, the
entire bill. It must be apparent to the commit-
tee, that in respect to many items the appropri-
ations remain, of necessity, the same as before, or
are perhaps increased. The difficulty with the
gentleman from Indiana is that he 44 runs a muck"
against every appropriation, whether right or
wrong. If he would only exercise his judgment
and discrimination in selecting the objects of at-
tack, I think the committee would go with him.
I would, for one.
In regard to this item, there is some matter of
doubt. The explanation of the Depaitmentis that
if pcace shall be restored and the rebels put down
this sum will be necessary. Otherwise the old
sum o£ $25,000 will be enough. I leave it to the
judgment of the committee whether it will vote
for, or refuse, this appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 oppose the amendment. I
did not assert that in no one of those items had
the amount of the appropriation been diminished
from the amount of former appropriations. 1 did
asset t—and I think the history of the lust seven
weeks will fully sustain me-—that so far as the in-
auguration of a system of reform is concerned, it
has had no beginning, at least on this side of the
Capitul. The bills reported by the joint commis-
sion, raised during the month of July, when the
perils of ihe hour fust came faiily upon us, have
been lying on the tables of members for weeks,
without receiving, so far as I am informed, any
attention, which presumes, or goes on the idea,
that they are to leeeive the action of the House unci
to become a portion of the law of the land. These
are systems of retrenchment. They propose to
limit the number of officers. They propose to re-
duce the salaries of officers. They go upon the
idea tlmt the extravagance and profligacy which
grew up out of an overflowing Treasury is not
adapted to an hour and an emergency like this.
I do then say, that instead of yourhavmg inaugu-
rated, so far as this branch of the Government is
concerned, any system of economy, the expenses
of the Government in the Post Office Department,
in regard to your foreign relations, and in many
other departments, have been largely increased.
I say that those items of expenses which are not
affected one way or the other by this unfortunate
war, instead ot being diminished from the expenses
of former years, have been kept fully up to that
point, it they have not been increased beyond it.
With respect to the reform which I admit lias
been inaugurated by this House—and I am proud
to have had some humble part in effecting it: the
abolition of the franking privilege—I du assert
that, in the main, that was a privilege in strictness
to the member of Congress, and did not inure to
the benefit of his constituents. The salary already
paid to members was certainly far beyond what
is ordinarily paid to public servants for the dis-
charge of somewhat corresponding duties; and
certainly under these circumstances we could well
afford to lop off that element of expense, which
took a couple of millions annually out of the pub-
lic Treasury. I think the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege was a good work, and I especially
felicitate my worthy and excellent and industrious
colleague [Mr. Colfax] on having inaugurated
that movement, and cut off that element of national
expense.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. OLIN. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the appropriation one dollar.
I do it,Mr. Chairman, simply for the purpose of
saying that notwithstanding any dereliction of
duty which the commission appointed by the act
of last August may have been guilty of in not
bringing forward reform measures, we do intend
to bring them forward in due time. It may be a
subject of regret that some gentlemen who are so
ostentatious on this subject of reform have not had
an opportunity to ventilate themselves on these
bills; but if my friend from Indiana will be quiet
for a season he certainly shall have that opportu-
nity. These bills will be brought forward, and
will test not only the temper of the gentleman,
but the temper of the House.
Now, it may appear" very remarkable to some
that the ordinary expenses of the Treasury De-
partment, of the War Department, and of other
Departments of the Government, should be in-
creased in the exigencies of the present occasion.
It must be known to every member, except my
friend fiom Indiana, that there has been actually
more business done in the War Department—
poorly as in his judgment it may have been done
—during the past six months, than for a dozen
of yeais prior to that time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
New York, will allow me to say that, in speaking
of the failure to reduce expenses, I expressly ap-
plied my remarks to those Departments of the
Government that have not been affected by the
unfortunate state of war in which we are involved.
Mr. OLIN. It would enlighten the committee
somewhat to know what particular Departments
of the Government have not been affected by it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I refer to the Department of
the Interior.
Mr. OLIN. I do not know how it may be in
reference to that Department. Possibly its ex-
penses may have increased, but the observation
of the gentleman was not confined to the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
Mr. HOLMAN. And about custom-houses?
Mr. OLIN. Those expenses are very much
increased, if the gentleman know anything about
it, but it is evident that he does not.
Mr. IIOLMAN. And about our foreign rela-
tions?
Mr. OLIN. The expenses of that Department
of the Government have been very much increased,
and if the gentleman knew anything on the sub-
ject, he would have known that. But he evidently
knows nothing in regard to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am especially delighted
with the amiable good nature of my friend from
New York, and with the idea that, he conceives
that he monopolizes an unusual portion of the
intelligence which ought to be diffused, in a repub-
lican Government like ours. So far as the State
Department is concerned, the discussion which
took place in this Hall in connection with one of
the consular appointees of his own party, disclosed
the fact Lhatin regard to one of the foreign ports",
where only the elegant gentlemen who have retired
fiom business and studied the graces of elegant
leisure resort, an effort was studiously and actively
made to increase the salary of consul, while the
appointment had been conferred with the distinct
understanding that from the wealth and position
of the applicant he needed no salary and was not
to get any.
Air. OLIN. Now, gentlemen, the House will
see how amiable 1 have been [laughter] m allow-
ing my whole time to be taken up by the gentle-
man from Indiana.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. OLIN. I withdraw my amendment.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I submit a new amend-
ment. I move to increase the appropriation two
dollars. I only wish the opportunity to say that
my friend from Indiana has not only been very
much mistaken—and as mistakes are very fre-
quent, 1 am not much disposed to complain of that
—in his facts, but he is mistaken in attributing a
peculiarity in mypersonal appearance to my being
out of temper. 1 was never in better temper in
my life.
I will add just a word in relation to this matter
he has mentioned about the consul general to Flor-
ence. It is a matter of very little importance to
me what disposition the House make of that con-
sul generalship; but I will take this occasion to
say, that the other day when I said that consul
generalship had been authorized by law, my friend
from New York [Mr. F. A. Conkling] took oc-
casion to contradict me somewhat dogmatically.
I have since ascertained definitely that the state-
ment I made was correct.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. How long ago was
it created ?
Mr. OLIN. Some four years ago; and if my
friend will take it in good temper, 1 will add that
he was entirely mistaken when he asserted the
contrary. Now, as I said, I have no anxiety at
all about this matter. I only know this general
fact, that the Government was never permitted to
locate one there until recently, and that since they
have had that opportunity the provision of the
means for sending one out has been recommended
by the Secretary of State and by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs in this House. Whether the
gentleman who has been appointed to that post
should be paid a salary, or refused a salary on the
ground that he is able to bear his own expenses,
is a question of very little importance to this House.
The appropriation asked for is one insignificant
in importance. I, for one, am tired of this chick-
a-du-du, wood-pecker legislation upon these little
petty appropriations. [Laughter.] They are the
ordinary appropriations deemed necessary in the
judgment of the proper Department and by the
proper committee of this House for carrying on
the Government. I will inform gentlemen that
measures of reform will soon come before the
House for theiraction, in which every gentleman
who is emulous of making his mark upon this
subject will have an opportunity to do so. At any
rate, so far as my exertions are concerned, they
shall have that opportunity. But I do trust that
we shall be allowed to pass these ordinary appro-
priations without any further amount of twaddle
upon the subject.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, which is,
I believe, to increase this appropriation. Now,
sir, it does seem to me that the expenses of our
Government ought, in some way, to be dimin-
ished ; and if the Committee *of Ways and Means
could have devised some plan by which these re-
ductions could have been accomplished, I think
they would not have surprised the House, and I
think they would have done a service to the conn-
try. It is well known that we are not selling any
lands; and to keep this expensive system up to
high watermark, under such circumstances, would
seem extravagance. Still, I have faith in the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I cannot doubt that
they have considered this subject, and that they
have given us in the appropriations they have re-
ported their best judgment in the matter. And I
shall be slow to dissent from their conclusions,
unless it shall be demonstrated that those conclu-
sions are wrong.
Now, sir, I wish to say one thing upon another
subject, if I am not called to order, as I was ihe
other day, notwithstanding the general practice
to indulge the utmost license of debate upon these
pro forma amendments. I wish to say a word
upon the subject that has been introduced by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] That
gentleman has traveled out of the issues before
us, and has introduced the subject of the abolition
of the franking privilege. That has been replied
to. He has also introduced a question which was
disposed of two or three days since, in relation to
the salary ofthe consul general to Florence. And,
sir, he assumed, in the allusion he made to the
subject, what Lam bound to believe the House
acted upon the other day, and which, if known
not to be true, I am led to believe would have pro-
duced a different result. The gentleman assumed
that this consulship was accepted by the gentle-
man who now holds the office upon the distinct
