1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
expediency and necessity of its cxercise, and the
character of the polity proper to be adopted. And
here I repeat, in substance, n suggestion made in
the early part of thc-ic icmarks: thesuhjcctis prac-
tical and important, besetting us at every point,
,?V«& earnestly demanding our serious, profound,
and vigilant attention. I doubt, sir, that any ques-
tion fraught with more important consequences
ever occupied the minds of the American people.
And, in proportion to the progress of our arms,
and our military successes, the necessity for
prompt action and wise determination and decis-
ion becomes at every stage the more pressing.
More than seven hundred thousand square miles
of our country are under the rule of traitors; and
in that vast territory millions of people are en-
gaged in the work of*treason. In all that exten-
sive region local laws have been abrogated, and
Federal jurisprudence has been suspended. Jus-
tice has been stricken down, and domestic tran-
quillity has been disturbed. In their place, we find
injustice, disorder, theft, robbery, rapine, murder,
andevery species of wickedncss, every where prev-
alent. After many months of doubts and delays,
the armies of the Republic have begun to move,
and already glorious and important victories have
been inscribed upon our banners. The avenue to
the heart of treason is now apparently direct and
open. Illegal,self-constituted authontymustsoon
begin to crumble. Speedily the Davises, the Ben-
jamins, and Cobbs will be stripped of their ill-
gotten power, and the people will be deprived of
even the poor, wretched local government hithcito
maintained by rebels and traitors.
Then, indeed, will the laws of the United States
attempt to resume their sway; but putting aside
the obstacles in the way of their execution, they
arc not adequate to the emergency. Local laws
and local officers will be found absolutely indis-
pensable to the restoiation and maintenance of
order and the welfare of the people. Local laws
and municipal officers arc found essential to the
good government of the small District of Colum-
bia. The usual Federal officers, the marshals with
their deputies, the United States judges, the post-
masters, revenue officers, &c., all these will avail
little in the attempt to control se von millions of peo-
ple, contaminated with treason, tainted with the
vices of anarchy, embittered with jealousy, and
smarting and writhing under the pain of recent
humiliation and defeat. He, it seems me, knows
Jit tie of the human heart, and studies but carelessly
the philosophy of human action, who believes that
millions of traitors can be prudently left without
government, or that they can be controlled with
decency and order by the usual Federal otficcis.
Local government, with executive,legislative, and
judicial powers, will be positively indispensable,
not only for the welfare of the inhabitants, but for
the preservation of the authority of the United
States. Futile will be your effort to collect taxes,
vain will be your hope to distribute justice between
individuals, and fruitless will prove your labors
to insure domestic tranquillity, without the estab-
lishment of local governments.
I know that the Army as it moves along, may
leave in its track military governors and maitial
regulations, and that such acouisc, under special
circumstances, may become a necessity; but I can-
not believe that any man, born under the Ameri-
can iJag, who has given the subject the slightest
thought, can for a single moment entertain the de-
sign of establishing military governments, for any
considerable duration, over seven millions of na-
tive-born Ameiicans. Such a scheme is incom-
patible with the spintof our institutions. It is
anti-republican, anti-American. Better far to dis-
band your armies, stop the waste of treasure, and
Stay the flow of blood; bettor fai to let hostilities
cease,and acknowledge the independent c of Davis
and his myrmidons and cohorts of banditti, than
toattemptan cxperimentlikc this. Military power
must be subject to, directed and controlled by, the
civil authorities. This principle was deeply im-
pressed upon the minds of ourfathets, and when
it shall have been forgotten by their descendants
the days ot constitutional liberty will have been
numbered.
1 he fall of Sumter startled the Governmentand
amazed and astounded the people. The tocsin
sent fV>ifa Us notes of alarm from the Executive
Mansion, not< s that were speedily borne upon the
southern gules over every bill and valley in the
North. They fell upon quick, watchful, and patri-
otic ears. The country responded beyond the
requisitions of the Government. Men with white
locks and boys with beardless faces, and even
women with gentle forms, but stout and patriotic
hearts, rushed to the defense of the Constitution
and the flag of their fathers. No one then doubted,
no one now questions the ability of our loyal
forces to crush out this rebellion against lawful
Government and humanity itself. But often has
the question arisen—and now the inquiry is more
urgent than before—" when armed rebellion is
beaten down, what disposition shall be made of
the traitors?" The answer to this embarrassing
question has thus far been delayed; but it cannot
with safety be much longer postponed. That
brave old flag, that has been borne in triumph in
foreign lands, and that never was soiled but by
the hands of traitors, will soon iloat again over
every part of the Republic. And we are admon-
ished of our duty to see that proper legislative
provisions are made to secure and preserve the
fruits of military triumphs.
Sir, I do not deny, as a legal proposition, that
the people of the seceded districts may erect pro-
visional governments, clect members of Congress,
and in that mode, by the consent of this Govern-
ment, acquire a standing in the Union. So did
California, so did Virginia. But m my judgment
such a course cannot be tolerated without immi-
nent peril. I regard the proposition as one of
monstrous folly and madness; and should this
Government suffer it to be carried out, I believe
it would be faithless to the great trust that the
people have given it in charge.
If you regard this rebellion with reference to the
age in which we live, the cause of defection, the
magnitude of the scheme of treason, the number
and character of the conspirators, the secrecy, yet
boldness, with which it was planned, and the ruin
that it has wrought, it has no parallel in histoiy.
As I have said, seven millions of men, besides
their coadjutois a^id fellow-conspirators in the
loyal States, are plotting treason. Resistance to
these atrocious machinations hay already saddled
from seven to ten hundred millions of indebted-
ness upon the people, which must impose heavy
burdens, in the form of taxes upon the country,
for generations to come. The loss of aggregate
national wealth jn consequence of the withdrawal
of a million of men from industrial pursuits, the
destruction of property, of trade, commerce, and
manufactures, is incalculable. The danger of col-
lision with foreign Powers has been imminent.
For moie than eight months the capital of the
nation was a beleaguered city. The tone of so-
ciety throughout the country has been moie or
less demoralized. Thousands of our young men,
the hope of the country, already sleep in soldiers'
graves, and many thousand more will dragoutan
existence made miserable and irksome by consti-
tutions diseased and broken by hardships m the
camp and exposure on the battle-field. There is
not a town, and scarcely a family, in the North
that does not mourn its dead—us murdcied dead.
And in the South millions of beings wear garments
stained with the blood of your sons, your broth-
ers, your neighbors. Sir, these aie facts, sad,and
mournful, yet not wholly free fiom a tendency to
excite just indignation.
The cause of all this long catalogue of evils is
crime—deep, dark, damnable crime—lestmg on
the souls of traitors. The crimes of the murderer
executed upon the scaffold, of the homicide, the
burglar, and the thief conlined in your peniten-
tiary,are venial, compared with the atrocious of-
fenses of these wicked rebels. The former are
w tongs against individuals, the latter are crimes
against humanity itself. The authors of these
atrocities arc within our jurisdiction, and must
be taken rare of. They arc too numerous for the
gallows, too many for close confinement. They
must have government; but in what manner shall
it be provided? Would you deem it safe to trust
such men to reorganize society and reconstruct
government, the very corner-stone of which would
inevitably be treason > Would you allow such a
constituency to send Ilepi esentatives to this tem-
ple of Ubeity, to fill this Hall with the pestilential
odois of treachery and rebellion? Is it thus that
you would honor the grave of Ellsworth, of Lyon,
| and of (J-iker: Is it thus that you would lewaid
the loyal North lor its vast expense of treasure
andofblood? Is this the kind of consolation you
would offer to the lone widow, whose only son
found his final resting-place at Manassas or Ball's
Bluff, far away from the tomb of his ancestors,
and the wonted scenes of his childhood and youth >
Do you propose, without probation, to reinstate
these guilty men with all the privileges and im-
munities of freemen and good citizens? Is there
to be no punishment for traitors? Is commerce to
be prostrated, trade annihilated, the wealthy beg-
gared, the nation bankrupted and brought to the
very verge of dissolution, by treason and ground-
less civil war, and is there no punishment for the
authors of such terrible and wide-spread calami-
ties ? Sir, before you attempt this experiment, let
me advise you to accompany the tax-gatherer on
his tour of collection, to visit the military hospi-
tals overflowing with the sick and the dying, to
stand over the amputation table and listen to the
irrepressible groans of anguish, to search out the
widows and orphans and witness their poverty
and sorrow, and wherever you go to proclaim that
there is no punishment for treason, but that dis-
armed traitors are good citizens, capable of self-
government and worthy to sit in the councils of
the nation!
Sir, the very suggestion of such a proposition
fills me with consternation and amazement. It
seems to me to be ft aught with danger and ulti-
mate disaster. Nor can I sec the necessity, the
justice, or the policy of such a measure. What
plausible argument can be advanced m its sup-
pott? Are you afraid of humiliating or exasper-
ating these men' Afraid of humiliating traitors!
Afraid of exasperating thieves, rebels, and mur-
deiers, already holding daggers in their hands,
pointed at your throats! Arc you afraid of dis-
couraging and disbanding your armies if you at-
tempt to control or punish their enemies? Arc
you moved by a spirit of love and friendship for
these desperadoes ? Surely your love is more than
sufficient for a reasonable compliance with the
requisitions of the Chiistian faith. David, with all
his deep affection for Jonathan, had no conception
of the height, depth, and breadth of love. It was
not permitted to the u sweet singer of Israel'5 to
comprehend its intensity. It was reserved to the
American Congress of the nineteenth century to
demonstrate the virtue of loving not their neigh-
bois as themselves, but their enemies even moie
than themselves!
Il is said that many loyal citizens still icsidc in
the seceded districts whose heat ts continue to throb
with affection for the Government of theirfathers.
I do not deny the fact, and yet the assumption
must rest on assertion and belief, rather than en
proof. The evidence is against it, particularly in
the cotton States. The hasty and apparently spon-
taneous action of the masses, the obvious unanim-
ity with which the people flew to arms, and the
relentless hate which has marked their conduct,
do not indicate a high degree of patriotism in the
infected terntory. Nevertheless, conceding, as I
do, the existence of loyal men, I admit and insist
that they must be shielded and protected by and
under the Constitution. So much they may de-
mand on the plainest principles of right, justice,
and humanity. But the very necessities of their
condition furnish the strongest arguments in sup-
port of the policy that I advocate. They could
not maintain order and the supremacy of the laws;
they could not keep down insurrection m their own
State; they could not prevent it from joining a
hostile confederacy; they could not sustain and
preserve their Government; they cannot protect
themselves; they are in a minority in most of the
disti icts, a very inconsiderable minority; and if the
people generally are left to provide their own gov-
ernment it is obvious that the result must he the
progeny of traitors; and, without the aid of Gov-
ernment, established and controlled by Federal
authority, and olKceted by loyal and responsible
men, such a result can hardly be avoided.
Nor can you escape the threatened danger by
any general legislation by Congress that stops
short of the actual establish men t and office 1 m of
Government. You may by statute declare the out-
lawry and disqualification of rebels; but practi-
cally that will avail you nothing. Law thai can-
not be executed is as no law: and it is only through
the instrumentality of temtoijaj or provisional
governments, established by Congress, that you
can discriminate and ferret out the culpable. If left
