2514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
said spirits shall be stated in the receipt, fiom which amount
the allowance fixed by this act fbr evaporation and waste
shall be deducted ; and upon the arrival of the spirits, and
upon the demand of the collector aforesaid, the agent of the
distillery (and the name of the agent, for the convenience
of the collector, shall always appear in the bill of lading or
receipt) shall pay the duties upon the said spirits, with the
expense of freight, and every other expense which has ac-
crued thereupon; and the said collector, upon the payment
of the duties aforesaid, shall deliver the bill of lading or re-
ceipt and the spirits to the agent of the said distillery; and
if the duties are not paid a3 aforesaid, then the said spirits
shall be stored at the risk and cost of the owner or agent
thereof, who shall pay an addition often percent, thereupon;
and all the general provisions of this act, in reference to
liens, penalties, and forfeitures, as also m reference to the
collection, shall apply thereto, and be enforced by the col-
lector of the district in which the spirits maybe: Provided,
That no permit shall be granted, under this section, for a
quantity less than fifty barrels: Andprovided further, That
the Cotnmissionei of Internal Revenue, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, may make such further
regulations as he may deem proper in order to protect the
revenue and to carry out the spirit and intent of this sec-
tion.
Sec. —. Andbeitfurther enacted, That distilled spirits and
refined coal oil may be removed from the place of manu-
facture for export after the quantity thereof shall have been
ascertained by inspection, according to the provisions of
this act, without payment of the duties thereon previous to
such removal, upon and with the written permission of the
collector or deputy collector of the district, the owner thereof
having first given bond to the United States, with sufficient
sureties, in the manner and form, and under regulations pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and in
at least double the amount of said duties, for the payment
thereof within thnty days from the date of said bond : Pro-
vided, That no such removal shall be permitted where the
amount ot duties does not exceed the sum of $300; nor m any
case where the person desiring such permission, lus agent
or superintendent, shall have failed to pay the duties upon
any such articles previously removed under bond, as afore-
said, when the same shall have become payable, until the
same, with all proper charges, shall have been fully paid.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have those amend-
ments passed over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be re-
served for a separate vote.
The next amendment was in section forty-five,
page 48, line three, after the word " 1st," to in-
sert " 30th and 20111," and in line four, to strike
out " ten"and insert " live;" so that if will road,
" that the entries made in the books of the dis-
tiller, required to be kept in the foregoing section,
shall, on the 1st, 10th, and 20th days ofeachand
every month, or within five days thereafter, be
verined by oath or affirmation," &c.
The next amendment was on page 49, section
forty-six, line three, after the word " books," to
strike out the words " the tenth section of."
The next amendment was on page 49, section
forty-seven, lino two, to strike out " May" and
insert "July;" and after line six, to insert the
words " for any other quantity or."
The next amendment was on page 50, section
forty-seven, after the words " onc'half" to strike
out the words "and not more than three quar-
ters, shall be accounted three quartets; more than
throe quarters,and not more than one barrel,"so
that the clause will lead:
Provided, That fi actional pruts of a ban el shall behalves,
quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, and any fractional pait
containing less than one sixteenth shall he accounted one
sixteenth; more than one sixteenth, and not more than one
eighth, shall be accounted one eighth; more than one
eighth, and not more than imo quartei, shall be accounted
one quarter: more than one quattcr, and not more than one
half, shall be accounted one half; more than one half shall
be accounted one banc!.
Mr. LESSEN DEN. There was an amend-
ments the eighth line of section forty-seven, page
50, which I did not hear the Secretary read. It
is to insert after the woid " sold" the words " or
removed for consumption or sale."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those words do
not appear in the bill at the desk.
Mr. PES8ENDEN. They can be inserted, I
suppose.
Mr. HOWE. It occurs to me—lam very con-
fident about it—that that amendment ought not
to be made if either of the printed amendments to
come in after section forty-four is adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly these words
should be inserted, because they refer to another
matter entirely.
Mr. HOWE. This requires the payment of
the duty on all liquors lemoved for sale if those
words which the Senator proposes to insert are
put in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly it does; but
then it is qualified by that section. There is no
section qualifying it in the case of beer; it only
refers to spirits, and I want the words "or re-
moved for consumption or sale" inserted after
" sold," in the eighth line.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to reserve the amend-
ments in the next section; and if they are changed,
ought not this to be changed also?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The words sag-
gested by the Senator from Maine will be inserted
m the eighth line, if there is no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the amend-
ments in the next section can be passed upon, be-
cause they do not affect the Senator's amendment,
if he proposes to strike out and insert something
else. I do not mean the amendments in print, but
the others that have been made since.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know what others have
been put in since in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary can read
them.
The Secretary read the amendments to section
forty-eight: page50,line two, strike out "May"
and insert " July line thirteen, page 51, after
the word " times," to insert " exceptSundays;"
line fifteen, after the word "thereof," to insert
" the quantities of grain or other vegetable pro-
ductions or other substances put into the mash
tub or otherwise used for the purpose of producing
beer, or for any other purpose, and;" in the same
line, after the word "the'," to insert " quantity
or;" in line seventeen, after the word " sold," to
insert " or removed for consumption or sale;" in
line twenty-one, after the word " and," to insert
" the quantities of grain or other vegetable produc-
tions or otljer substances put into the mash tub
or otherwise used for the purpose of producing
beer, or for any other purpose, and the quantity
or;" in line twenty-three, after the word " sold,"
to insert " or removed for consumption or sale;"
and in lino thirty-three, after the word "sold,"
to insert " or removed for consumption or sale;"
so that the section will read:
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That every person
who, on said 1st day of July, 1862, shall he the owner or
occupant of any bievvery oi premises used or intended to
be u*ed for the purpose of brewing or making such fer-
mented liquors, or who shall have such premises under Ins
contiol oi superintendence, as ngentfor the owneroroccu-
pant, oi .shall have in lus possession or custody any vessel
or vessels intended to be used on said pi onuses in the man-
ufactuie of beer, lager heei, ale, porter, or other siuiilai
fomented hquois, either as owner, agent, or otherwise,
shall, from day to day, enter, or cause to be enteied, in a
book to be kept by him for that purpose, and which shall
be open at all times, except Sundays,between the rising and
selling of the sun, foi the inspection of said collector, who
may take any minutes or memorandums or transcripts
theieof, the quantities of gram or other vegetable piodtic-
tions or other substances put into the mash tub or other
wise used for the purpo*e of producing beer, or for any
other purpose, and the quantity or number of bairels and
fractional paits of barrels of fermented liquors made and
sold, or icuioved for consumption oi sale, keeping separate
accounts of the soveial kinds and descriptions ; and shall
icndei to said collector, on the 1st day of each month in
each year, or within ten days theieafter, ageneial account
in wilting, taken fiom his books, of the numbei of barrels
and the quantities ot giain or other vegetable pioductions
or othei substances put into the mash tub, oi otherwise
used foi the ptnpose of producing beer, oi foi any other
purpose, and the quantitv or fiaetirmal part-; of hurels of
each kind of fermented liquors made and sold, or removed
for consumption or sale, lor one month preceding said day,
or for such poition thereof.^ many have have elapsed from
the day of such entry to said day which shall next ensue;
and shall verily, or cause to be verified, the said entues, re-
ports, book1?, and geneial accounts,on oath oratiirmaUon,to
bo taken belore the collector or some officer authorized by
the laws of the State to administer the same according to
the form required by this act where the same is prescnbed ;
and shall aUo pay to the said collector the duties which,
by this act, ought to bo paid on the liquor made and sold,
or removed (or consumption or sale, and in the said accounts
mentioned, at the time of rendering the account thereof,
as aforesaid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the amendment
in the twenty-first line, to inseit, after the word
"and," the words "the quantities of gram or
other vegetable productions," &c., should come
in after the word " of" in the same line where it
first occurs; so as to read, " of the quantities of
grain or other vegetable productions or other sub-
stances put into the mash tub," &c.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
j will be made, if there be no objection.
1 Mr. HARRIS. I want the words uor removed
! for consumption or sale," wherever they occur
j in that section, to be it-served.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be re-
served for a separate vote.
The next amendment was in section forty-nine,
j page 50, line twelve, after the word " liquors," to
I insert " either;"andafterthe word "brewed,
'to
strike out the word44 and, "and insert4 * or brewed
and."
The next amendment was to strike out section
fifty-one, page 53, in the following words:
Sec. 51. And be it further enacted, That all beer, lager
beer, ale, porter, and othersmnlar fermented liquors which
shall be made, and all spirituous liquors which shall be dis-
tilled within the United States or the Teiritories thereof,
or the Distiict of Columbia, the duties on which shall not
have been paid, according to the true intent and meaning
of this act, shall be forfeited, and may be«iMzed as forfeited
by any collector of internal duties: Provided always, That
such liquors and spirits shall not be liable to seizure and
forfeiture, in the bands of a bona fide purchaser, without
notice that the duties thereon have, not been paid or se-
cured to be paid.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have that
passed over. I was not entirely satisfied with
striking it out in committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over for a separate vote.
The next amendment was on page 54, section
fifty-two, line seventeen, to strike out " ninety,"
and insert "thirty;" in line eighteen, after the
word " that," to strike out the words " a prose-
cution or action thereupon," and to insert " pro-
ceedings to enforce said forfeiture;" so that the
clause would read:
Provided, That such seizure be made within thirty days
after the cause foi the same may have occurred, and that
proceedings to enforce said forfeituie shall have been com-
menced by such collector within twenty days after the
seizure thereof.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
section fifty-two the following:
And the proceedings to enfoice said forfeiture of said
property shall be in the nature of a proceeding in rem, in
the ciicuit or distiict court for the distuct where such seiz-
uie is made, or in any other court of competent jurisdic-
tion.
The next amendment was in section fifty-three,
page 55, after the word " paid," in line thirteen,
to strike out the following words:
And in case such duties, with such addition, shall not be
paid within tlurtv days from ibe time the said duties ought
to be paid, the collcctor (or the dhtiict shall make a per-
sonal demand of the "-ame fiom such person or persons, or
by notice in writing left at his, her, or their dwelling, if
within the collection distiict, and, if not, at the distillery
owned or supei intended by such person or pel sons, witll
some person of pioper age and discretion.
The next amendment was in section fifty-three,
page 55, line twenty-two, to strike out the words
" such demand or notice" and to insert, " the
same shall have become payable."
The next amendment was in section fifty-three,
line sixty-two, page 57, to strike out the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided further, That there shall be exempt from dis-
tiamt the tool> or implements of a trade or piofession, one
cow, arms, and provisions and household furniture kept for
use, and apparel necessaty for a family.
The next amendment was, after section fifty-
three, page 57, to insert the following as a new
section:
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That every peison li-
censed as afoiesaid to distill spirituous Itquois, or licensed^
as a brewer, shall;, once m each month, upon the request of
the assessor or assistant assessor for the district in which
his business as a distiller or bievver may be carried on, le-
spectiveiy, furnish the said assessor or assistant nst-e.-sor
with an abstract of the entues upon his books, heiein pro-
vided to be made, showing the amount of spirituous liquor
distilled and sold, or removed for consumption or sale, or
of beer, lager beer, ale, porter, or othei fermented liquor
made and sold, or icnioved for consumption or sale, dut-
mg the preceding month, respectively; the ttuth and cor-
lectnesb of which abstract shall be veiified by the oath of
the paity so furnishing the same. And the said assessoi or
assistant assessot shall have the light to examinethebooks
of such person for the purpose oi ascertaining the correct-
ness of such abstiacf. And foi any neglect tofuinish such
ab.stiact when requested, or refusal to furnish an examina-
tion of the books as aforesaid, the person so neglecting shall
forfeit the sum of §500.
The next amendment was to strike out section
fifty-four, as follows:
Sec. 54. And he it further enacted, That every license
which is authorized or required to be taken out by tins act
shall he granted, and the duty theieon imposed shall be paid
maud thtoughont the United States and Territories and
Distuct of Columbia, in manner and form following, that
is to say: such licence shall hegiauted upon the dehveiy
by the assessor of the district ot the list of the peison or
peir>on< to be licensed, with the rate of the jicen&e lequhed
stated therein, to the collector, ana tdiall be signed by the
collector or a deputv collectoi of the distuct wheren^ the
same 1-, required, and the duty tlieieupon imposed, as afoie-
said, '•hail he paid to the coiiectoi oi his deputy, as afore-
said, at the tune ot granting the license; and every col-
lector and deputy collector i->, and are heicby, icspectively
authouzed and icquiied to tiiant and deliver eveiysuch
license, aecouliug to the provision-* <>f this act and the form
pi escribed by the Commissioner ot Internal Revenue, to the
person or persons who shall apply for and be legally enti-
