1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*2515
tied to receive the same forthwith upon payment of the duty
or sum of money theieupon imposed, free from all fee, gra-
tuity, or othci payment whatsoever.
The next amendment was to insert, on page 58,
the following:, as a new section:
Sec. —. Jind be it fmther enacted. That fiom and after
the 1st day of July. 1860, no pci son, association of persons,
or corporation, shall be engaged in, prosecute, or canyon,
either of the trades or occupations mentioned in section
bixty-three of this act, until lie or they shall have obtained
a license therefor in the mannei heieinafter piovidod.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Maine to the fact that in the new
section inserted on page 57, the brewer is required
to furnish a list to the assessor and assistant as-
sessor; and, on page 51, he is required to furnish
a similar list to the collector. Should he furnish
both ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. He is required to furnish
the assessor or assistant assessor an abstract. It
is intended as a cheek upon the collectors.
Mr. HARRIS. I will look at it and see.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was drawn purposely
for that object, to be a check on the collectors.
The next amendment was on page 59, to insert,
as a new section:
Sec.—. Jind beit further enacled, That every person, as-
sociation of persons, or eorpoiation, desiring to obtain a
license to engage in any of the trades or occupations named
m the sixty-third section of this act, shall register with the
assistant as?-essoi of the assessment district in which he
shall design to carry on such trade or occupation—fiist, his
or their name or ?tvle; second, the trade or occupation for
which a license is desired; third, the pjace where such tiade
or occupation is to be canied on; fourth, if a rectifier,
the number of bairels he designs to rectify; if a peddlei,
whether he designs to travel on foot, or with one, two, or
more horses ; ifan inn-keepei, the J early rental of the house
and property to lie occupied for said puipo e; or, if not
rented, the assistant asse>soi shall value the >aine. All of
which tacts shall be iciuiucd duly ceiufied by Mich asso^t-
ant assessor, both to the a*.so^snr and eoileetoi of flic dis-
trict; and thereupon, upon payment to the eoileetoi oi dep-
uty collector or said di->tuct ot the amount as heieinafter pi o-
vided,such collector or deputy collector --hall make out
and deliver a license for such tiade or occupation, which
license shall continue in toice foi one year, at the place or
premises descubed theiein.
The next amendment was on page 60, section
fifty-five, lines eight and nine, to stnke out the
words, " to be sued for m any court of competent
jurisdiction, in the name of the United States."
The next amendment was on page GO, section
fifty-six, after the word " same,5' in line five, to
insert, " if for a rectifier, the quantity of spii its au-
thorized to be rectified ; if by a peddler, whether
authorized to travel on foot, or with one, or two,
or more horses, the time for which said license is
to run;" and also, in line thirty-two of the same
section, to strike out the word 48 that."
The next amendment was in section fifty-seven,
page GI, line two, to strike out" business" and
insert " employment;" and in line six to strike out
the word " kind. "
The next amendmentwas itr section sixty, page
64, line two, to strike out "May" and insert
"July;" and to strike outlines three, four, five,
six,and seven,in the words " and annually there-
after, a license shall be taken out for carrying on
or transacting the pursuits, business, occupation,
or employment hereinafter specified; or if com-
menced subsequent to the time as aforesaid, at the
date thereof, and to continue one year, at the place
or premises to be described in such license;" and
also in line eight to strike out the words " of
which;" strike out the final "s" in the words
" licenses" and " sums;" and after "license" to
insert "granted;" so that the section will read:
That on and aftei the 1st day of Jniy, 1862, foi each li-
cence gi anted the Mim herewith stated shall beie&pectiveiy
andanuudll} paid. Any number of pei-on-= cm lying on -mcii
bu iness m copai'inci-dup maytian^act "-uch business at
such place under Mich license, and not otherwise.
The next amendment was on page 65, section
sixty, line thirty, in the clause in relation to the
licenses of wholesale dealers in liquor, after the
word " distiller," to insett " or brewer."
The next amendment was on page GG, section
sixty, line forty-two, to strike out the word
" drunk" and insert " drank."
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be done.
I think the other is better grammar. [Laughter.]
The next amendment was on page G7, section
sixty, line sixty-six, to strike out the words " one
hundied dollars tor each license," and to insert j
" twenty-five dollars for each license to rectify j
any quantity of spirituous liquois, not exceeding j
five hundred barrels or casks, containing not moie j
than forty gallons to cach barrel or cask of liquor
so rectified, and twenty-five dollars additional for
each additional five hundred such barrels, or any
fractional part thereof;" so that the clause will
read:
8. Rectifiers shall pay twenty-five dollars for each Itcensc
to rectify any quantity of spirituous liquors, not exceeding
five hundred b.urel* or casks, containing not more than
forty gallons to each barrel or cask of liquor so rectified, and
twenty-five dollar additional for each additional five hun-
dred batiel<, oi any fractional pari thereof. Every person
whoiectitics, punfies,or refine* spirituous liquors ot wines
by any pioce?s, or mixes distilled spirits, whisky, brandy,
cin, or wine, with any other materials (or sale under the
name of whi-kv. mm, brandy, gin, wine, or any other name
or names, shall be legarded as a rectifier under this act.
The next amendment was to insert on page 67,
section sixty, after line seventy-seven, the fol-
lowing:
Distillers shall pay fifty dollars for each license. Every
poison or copartnership who distills or manufactures spiut-
uous liquors for sale, shall be deemed a distiller undei this
act: Provided, That any peison or coparmer>hip distilling
or manufacturing less than thiee hundred barrels per year,
shall pay twenty-five dollars tor a license: Jlnd provided
further, That no licence shall he required for any still or
other apparatus used by druggists and chemists tor the re-
covery of alcohol for phaunaecutical and chemical pui poses
which has been u«cd in theii piocesves : Jind provided fur-
ther, That distilleis of apples and peaches distilling or man-
ufacturing less than one hundred and fifty barrels per year
ft on) the same, shall pay $12 50 for a license for that pur-
pose, and for a gieater quantity as othei di^tillerv.
The next amendment was on page 70, section
sixty, line one hundred and forty-seven, to strike
out the word "produce," and to insert "pur-
chase."
The next amendment was on page 71, section
sixty, line one hundred and sixty-six, after the
word " license," to strike out the words " every
place or edifice, not including halls or rooms rented
or used occasionally for concerts or exhibitions,
where dramatic or operatic representations, piays,
or performances are exhibited, shall be regarded
as a theater under this act;" and to insert in lieu
theicof, " every edifice erected for the purpose of
dramatic or operatic representations, plays, or
perfoimances, and not including halls rented or
used occasionally for concerts or theatrical repie-
sentations, shall be regarded as a theater under
this act."
The next amendment was on page 72, section
sixty, line one hundied and eighty, after the
woius " sleight of hand," to insert " or feats of
prestidigitation."
The next amendment was on page 72, line one
hundred and eighty-four,afterthe word "dollars,"
to insert:
Provided, That but one license shall be required under
this act of any cncus oi jugglci to authorize exhibitions by
them within any one State.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish to inquire whether
this language would nuthouse these shows and
circuses" to be exhibited regardless of the license
now required to be had under the State; laws. The
language is, " that but one license .shall he re-
quired under this act of any circus or juggler to
authorize exhibitions by them within any one
State." I know in my State we deem it very im-
portant that there should be a restriction upon
these kind of shows, and they pay a license m
every county.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not interfeie with
any State license at all. It only says what shall
be permitted so far as we are concerned.
The next amendment was on page 72, section
sixty, line one hundred and eighty-seven, after the
words " bowling alleys," to insert " and billiard
tables."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think " billiard rooms"
would be a better term there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
changed.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
andeighty-eight, after the word " alleys, "to insert
" or tables;" in line one hundred and eighty-nine,
after the word " alley," to insert " or table;" m
line one hundred and ninety, after the word " al-
ley," to insert "or table;" inline one hundred
and ninety-one, after the word " alley," to insert
" or table;" in line one hundred and ninety-two,
after the word " thrown," to insert " or billiards
played;" in line one hundred and mnety-thric,
after the word '' alley," to insert" or billiard room
respectively;" so that the clausc will read:
Bowlni«* alleys and bilh.nd looms shall pay accoidiug to
the numbci of all<\\s oi tables belonging U> or used in the
building or place to he licensed. When not exceeding one
alley or table, five dollars for each license ; and when cx-
cccding one alley or table five dollars for each additional
alley or tabic. Every place or building where bowls- are
thrown or billiards played and open to the public, with or
without piice, shall be regarded as a bowling alley or bil-
liard room respectively under this act.
Mr. HOWE. On page 72, the Committee on
Finance proposed to strike out this clause:
Horse dealers shall pay for each license the sum of- ten
dollars. Any person whose business it is to buy and sell
horses or mule* shall be regarded as a horse dealer under
this act: Provided, That if such horse dealer shall have
taken out a license as a livery-stable keeper, no newlicense
shall be required.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
of the committee to strike out that clause was dis-
agreed to in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to have a vote in the
Senate upon it. I do not wish to discuss it now;
but I am willing to take the vote if the Senate ia
full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was not in
the amendments reported from the Committee of
tke Whole to the Senate. After the amendments
made in committee are gone through, it will be in
order to move to strike it out.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to concur in the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finance. The
amendment of the committee was not agreed to
in Committee of the Whole, as I understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was not; and
the Senator now desires that the amendment, as
reported by the committee, should be agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
have aseparatc vote on that, after the other amend-
ments, which were agreed to, have been acted
upon.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Senator from
Wisconsin to desire that that clause shouW be re-
tamed in the bill. There is no objection to it, is
there ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is retained in
the bill by the action of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I do not want it retained. I want
it stricken out, as the Committee on Finance re-
ported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, after the
Senate has acted on theamendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole, it will be in order
to move to amend by striking it out.
The next amendment was on page 73, at sec-
tion sixty, line two hundred and fourteen, after
the word " cattle," to insert the word " horses;"
and in the same line to strike out the word " and,"
and insert " or;" so that the clause will read:
Cattle brokeis shall pay for cach license the sum of ten
dollars. Any person who- e business U i=> to buy and sell
and deal in cattle, horses, hog-, or sheep shall be considered
as a cattle brokei.
Mr. HOWE. It will be in order, i suppose,
to strike that out, notwithstanding this amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading of
the amendments, as follows:
On page 73, article twenty-five, line two hundred and
twenty-two, stnke out twentj "and insert " fifty;" so as
to lead, "coal oil distillers shall pay for each license the
sum ot fifty dollar "
On pujje '4, lino two hundred and forty-four, after the
woid 'Mic:>n-e," insert, "Provided* That manufacturers
and produceis ot agt icultuial tooh and implements, garden
m-eds, stoves, and hollow ware, biooine, wooden ware,and
powdri, dohveiing and selling at wholesale any of said
cuticles, by themselves oi their authoiized agents at places
otliei than the place of manuiactuie, shall not be required,
for any tale thus made, to take out any additional license
theietor."
Mr. TEN EYCK. For the purpose of making
the matter certain—I have no doubt the Senator
from Maine will agree to it—I move, on page 72,
in line one hundrecl and eighty-five, to add these
words, " under this act;" so as to read:
Proiided, That but one i.eense andei this act shall be
icqunxd ot any circus, &c
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator to put the words nfter " required;" so as
to read, " s'hali be required under this act."
Mr. TEN EYCK. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made by the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments:
On pairo 76, article thirty, lines two hundred and eighty
and two hundied and ei^ht>-one,strike out " and no law-
yer who retires to pay >ueit license shall be allowed to
piaetice in an) such court or tribunal."
On pace 77, section sixty-two, line tour, after the word
" made," insert "or producedin line five, after "manu-
