T$
1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
538
understanding that there was to be no salary an-
nexed to the position. If that had been true, or
if X had not known it to be untrue, I would have
voted against giving a salary. If it had been true
it would have justified every gentleman in voting
not to give him a salary. But, sir,from my knowl-
edge of the facts—and 1 trust the occasion will
arise in a day or two to demonstrate it to the
House—it not only is not true, as assumed by the
gentleman, that the office was accepted with the
understanding that no salary was to accompany
it, but on the contrary, the incumbent of the office
expected at the time he took the position that a
salary would be immediately annexed to it by the
Congress then in session.
So much in relation to thatsubject, and I should
not have adverted to it but for the fact that the
matter is, I suppose, before a committee of con-
ference, and the House will have another oppor-
tunity of acting upon the subject, and in the light,
as I hope, of better information.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Holman was
then rejected.
The following clause of the bill being under
consideration:
For twenty-rive copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each Member and Delegate in the firstreguiar
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, $1,778 40 ;
Mr. HOLMAN said: I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether these twenty-five copies of the Congres-
sional Globe for each member are for the extra
session of Congress?
Mr. STEVENS. I so understand.
Mr. HOLMAN. Are they to be published sep-
arately, or in connection with the Globe of the
present session?
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose separately. They
are already published, as I understand, but we
made no provision for supplying ourselves with
the usual number of copies.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will make no motion in
relation to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out lines eigh-
teen and nineteen, which are in these words:
For furniture and repairs, and boxes for members, §] 0,000.
I make the motion for the purpose of eliciting
some information upon the subject. I find in the
first section of the bill, line one hundred and fif-
teen, precisely the same thing:
For furniture and repairs, and boxes for members, $10,000.
Why is the item repeated here?
Mr. STEVENS. My friend will remember
that this is for a deficiency. That was for the
coming year. I am glad, however, he lias called
my attention to it, for 1 desire to move to amend
the clause by striking out " §10,000" and insert-
ing " §5,000."
Mr. DAVIS. I withdiaw my amendment.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Stevens
was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill being under
consideration:
For expenses of the investigating committees of the
Bouse of Representatives and the Senate, appointed at tile
first session ot' the Thirty-Seventh Congress, $1U,00U;
. Mr. STEVENS moved to amend by striking
out " $10,000" and inserting " £5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by adding
to the bill the following:
For rent of surveyor general's office, New Mexico, fuel,
books, stationery, and other incidental expenses, $911 33.
For payment of salaries of clerks in the Attorney General's
office, appointed under authority of the act of 2d August,
1861, $1,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill and amendments to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Lovejoy reported that the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 208) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
June 30, 1862, and had instructed him to report
the same back to the House with sundry amend-
ments, and with the recommendation that the bill
do pass.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken,and the House refused
to adjourn.
VOLUNTEER ENGINEERS.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to authorize the employ-
ment of engineer volunteers; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
twenty minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 29, 1862.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, presented the cre-
dentials of Hon. John.B. Henderson, appointed
by the acting Governor of Missouri a Senator from
that State until the next meeting of the Legisla-
ture in place of Trusten Polk, expelled from the
Senate.
The credentials were read, the oath prescribed
by law was administered to Mr. Henderson,and
he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS..
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
D. W. llansom, praying for an appropriation to
enable him to procure and paint the portraits of
the survivors of the revolutionary patriots; which
was referred to the Committee 011 the Library.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of John
Walters, a lieutenant in the United States Navy,
praying compensation for property destroyed by
the burning of the United States receiving ship
Pennsylvania; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of David
McComb and others, clerks in the navy-yard at
Washington, praying for additional compensa-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILKINSON presented the memorial of
James Casparis and others, praying that early
action may be taken in relation to the purchase of
squares six hundred and eighty-seven and six
hundred and eighty-eight, in the city of Wash-
ington, embraced within the proposed extension
of the Capitol grounds; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of St.
Paul, Minnesota, remonstrating against any ac-
tion at the present session of Congress suspend-
ing the treaty between the United States and Great
Britain, known as the reciprocity treaty, reported
in favor of printing the memorial; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Charles G. Nichols, praying to be allowed pay as
surgeon's stewardin thcNavy; reported adversly
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate of the 12th
of December last, to inquire into the expediency
of appointing pupils at the Naval Academy on the
ground of merit, reported it back with a recom-
mendation that it is inexpedient to legislate upon
the subject; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of San Francisco, praying for the establish-
ment of a steam mail line from that city to Japan
and China, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 75) to establish a line of
steam mail ships between San Francisco, in Cali-
fornia, and Shanghai, in China, touching at the
Sandwich Islands and Japan, reported it without
amendment, and that it is inexpedient to legislate
upon the subject at present.
Mr. LATHAM. If it is in order I should like
to make a motion that that bill, together with the
memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of the city
of San Francisco in relation to the same subject,
be printed, in order that the body may have them
before it.
The motion to print was agreed to.
BILLS- INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No. 176)
to incorporate the Citizens'Gas Light Company;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 177)
for the relief of Sylvester Crooks; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 40) authorizing the taking down and break-
ing up of the ship-of-war Alabama, now on the
stocks at Portsmouth, and the ship-of-war Vir-
ginia, now on the stocks at Charlestown; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House insists upon its amendments to certain
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 150) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1863, and additional
appropriations for the year ending30th June, 1862,
disagreed to by the Senate, and upon its disagree-
ment to other amendments of the Senate to that
bill, insisted on by the Senate; agrees to the con-
ference asked by the Senate upon the disagreeing
votesofthctwoHousesthercon;and has appointed
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr.
Samuel S. Cox of Ohio, and Mr. Horace May-
nard of Tennessee, managers at the conference
on its part.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will ask the Senate to take
up a resolution which I offered several days ago,
for the distribution of documents that were as-
signed to seceding members of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Antboni, 011 the 17th of
December, 1861:
Resolved, That ali books and documents heretofore or-
del ed to be printed and allotted, but not delivered to Sena-
tois from States that have omitted to be represented in the
Senate, be distributed among the Senatois attending.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out the words " books and."
The word "documents" will cover the whole
ground.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
COLORADO EXPEDITION REPORT.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and if there is no objection, I ask for its
consideration now:
Resolved, That out of the five hundred copies of the re-
port 011 the Colorado of the West allowed to the command-
ing officer of the expedition by resolution of the Senate of
June 27, 1860, two hundred and fifty copies he assigned to
Dr. J. S. Newberry, tile geologist of the expedition, and two
hundred and fifty copies be assigned to the Smithsonian
Institution for distribution abroad.
I should like to make an explanation in regard
to this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on considering the resolution. Is there
any objection to the consideration of this resolu-
tion ? The Chair hears none; and the resolution
is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate, by a resolution
of June 27,1860, ordered ten thousand extra copies
of Lieutenant Ives's report on the Colorado of the
West to be printed for the use of the Senate, five
hundred copies for the use of the War Depart-
ment, and five hundred copies for the use of the
