1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
to themselves, the people will meet in primary con-
ventions; and as four fifths of them, more or less,
are disaffected, it inevitably follows that traitors
must reconstruct the Government and reorganize
society; and the entire polity of the State must he
tainted with the virus of treason. The State offi-
cers and the members of Congress must of course
be representative men. The majority are not apt
to sclect their rulers from the minority. Recent
chastisement may inducea policy ofdissimulation,
and a show of repentance and obedience. But who
of experience, of enlarged statesmanship, can be
deceived by such specious pretenses? The same
reasoning would, with an equal appcarance of wis-
dom, open the prison doors of every jail and pen-
itentiary on the face of the earth. The convicted
horse thief deplores his offense, not on account of
its criminality, but because of his detection. Per-
haps there may be some localities in which the
loyal people if once released from the chains of
despotism by which they are now so rigorously
and tightly bound, would be competent to provide
for their own security; but such cases are merely
exceptive; and on principle and as a general rule,
the Federal authority should intervene, not to dis-
franchise loyal men, but to establish and regulate
government, because of their inability to govern
themselves. Besides, let it be determined and de-
clared to the world that the people of a State can-
not throw the country into civil war, abolish their
Government, and reconstruct it at pleasure.
I have remarked that the case is without prece-
dent; let it, therefore, be well considered, and de-
cided with an eye to the future. Let it be demon-
strated that the jurisdiction of the Government
extends over every part of the Republic; and let
it be established and remembered during all com-
ing time, that treason is crime susceptible as well
as worthy of punishment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move that the commit-
tee rise, with a view to an adjournment, that we
may all go home and get our dinners.
Mr. FENTON. i move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What bill is it? I have
heard nothing about a bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It is a bill to regulate the
flanking pnvilege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh! that cannot be re-
ported to the House. I insist on my motion.
Mr. Wickliffe's motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Hutchjns reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the bill to regulate the
fiankingprmlege, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that all de-
bate upon the bill be closcd in five minutes after
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall again resume ifs consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
INVULNERABILITY" OF SHIPS AND BATTERIES.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Will the gen-
tleman waive that motion for one moment?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is thatthegentleman from
Massachusetts who objected to my icsolution?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I withdraw my
motion; but 1 would not have done so if it had
been the gentleman who objected to my resolu-
tion.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, joint resolution (H. R No.
59) authorizing' the Secretary of the Navy to test
plans and materials foi lendermg ships and float-
ing batteries invulnerable, was taken fiom the
Speaker's table, and the amendment of the Senate
thereto was concurred in, as follows:
Pn^o 1, line four, strike oat " $50,000" and m-?m
'•^a^OOO."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr, WICKLIFFE,
(at a quaiter to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 7, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of the heirs
of William R. Foster, praying for the adoption
of measures to secure to them the amount due by
the Government to William B. Foster at the time
of his death; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Ulster county, New York, praying for the im-
mediate abolition of slavery under the war power;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILLEY presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Ritchie county, Virginia, remonstrating
against the proposed tax of three cents per pound
on leaf tobacco; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of Silas
M. Holmes and others, citizens of Detroit, Mich-
igan, praying for the passage of a uniform bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary > to whom was referred the petition of
Bryant T. Scofield and other members of the bar,
residing in the counties of Hancock and McDon-
ough, in the State of Illinois, praying that those
counties may be transferred from the northern to
the southern district of the United States court
in that State, and also a bill (S. No. 102) to amend
an act entitled li An act to divide the State of Il-
linois into two judicial districts," approved Feb-
ruary 13, 1855, reported the bill without amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
towhom was referred the bill (S. No. 234) author-
izing the Piesident to transfer the money appro-
priated byan act appio\ed February 20, 18G2, for
building or continuing fortifications, to the con-
struction of iron-clad sicam vessels of war, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. IiOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the report of the Court of
Claims in the case of Constancc Bateman, sub-
mitted an adveise report; which was ordered to
be printed.
HARPER'S FERRY ARMORY.
Mr. WILLEY. I offered a resolution of in-
quiry the other day, which was laid upon the
table. 1 ask that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Willet on the 3d instant:
Hew/ret!, That the Committor on Mihtaiy Affairs ,irul
the Militia niquiie into tin1 [urgent condition ot ilai pei's
i'Vny ai moiy, JeJlVi^on county, Vn jjima, what damage has
been' done thereto dining the euMihg tebellion, l>y whom,
and by what amhouty; the value of the United States prop-
eity theio in ih pie-ent condition, the amount of money
ncce^arv to lepair the -aid damage, and whether it l? ex-
pedient to lepau and te>toie the said armory to In; employed
us heietotoie ; .uui that «*aid committee repoit by hill oi
Otllt'l wise.
The resolution was agieed to.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announced that
the President had approved and signed a joint
resolution (S. No. ftf) to authorize the Piesident
to assign the command of troops in the same field
or department to officers of the same grade with-
out regard to seniority.
FRANCIS IIUTTMAN.
Mr. LATHAM. I move thnf the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 251)
for the relief of Francis Iluttman.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Ttoasury to reexamine the claim ofFrancis Hutt-
man for alleged losses sustained by the detention
of the baric Callao at San Francisco, in 1848, by
the act of the collector of that port, and extend j
such lelief as he may be entitled to, according to I
the terms prescribed in section four ot the act " to >
create additional collection districts in the State of i
California, and changing the existing collection
districts therein, and modifying-the existing col-
lection districts in the United States,>} approved
September 28, 1850; but nothing in this act is to
be so construed as to authorize the payment of
any speculative or consequential-damages;
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
report.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The bill was reported by
the Committee on Commerce. There was a report
made in the Senate a year or two ago recommend-
ing the passage of a bill more extensive in* its
character than the present one. 1 will very briefly
state the object of this bill. /
A bill was passed authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to examine the account of Francis
Huttman for damages sustained by him in conse-
quence of the detention of his bark, the Callao,
and refusing to allow her to enter at the port of
San Francisco in 1848, about the time that Cali-
fornia came into our possession. A report was
made by the chief clerk of the Treasury on the
subject, that inasmuch as at that time the district
was under military control, and the revenues were
not receivable under the revenue laws of theXJni-
ted States, this party was not entitled to the ben-
efit of the act that was passed in 1850, authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to allow damages
for unlawful detentions at that port and other ports
on the Pacific coast. It turned out, however, that
about a month before, or a little less than a month
before the arrival of this vessel at the port of San
Francisco, that port had been put under the rev-
enue laws of the United States by authority of
Governor Mason, and from that time, the treaty
of peace between Mexico and the United States
having been promulgated, revenue was collected
at that port under the revenue laws of the United
States.
To show that that was the case I will simply
refer to a decision that was made by the Supreme
Court. A suit was brought by Cross against
Harrison, to recover duties that they had paid on
importations at this very port a month or two sub-
sequent to the time of the detention of this bark.
The suit, was brought to recover back the duties
thus paid, on the ground that the revenue laws of
the United States had not then been extended over
the Territory, and that they were illegally paid;
but the Supreme Court, in 16 Howard, p. 1G4,
expressly declared that the revenues were then
lawfully collectable at that port, and that those
duties had been lawfully paid into the Treasury
of the United States, and hence decided the case
against the claimants. This case is precisely
similar to it in principle; and the object of this
bill is, and it covers nothing else, to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to examine the case,
and to allow this man damages, if he is satisfied
that he is entitled to any, under the act of 1850,
which provided for such a case. The object is
simply to put this party back into the position he
occupied before, provided that mistake had not
been made, and nothing else.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state that a similar bill
passed the Senate during the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, I believe, unanimously, and went to the
House of Representatives. The Committee on ,
Commerce there agreed to it, but the House failed
to act upon it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HEIRS OF STEPHEN JOHNSTON.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate take
up House bill No. 265, to authorize the Court of
Claims of the United States to hear and determine
the claim of the representatives of Stephen Johns-
ton, deceased. I desire to offer an amendment
to the bill; but 1 shall not then insist on its fur-
ther consideration this morning.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PIARLAN. I move to amend the bill by
striking it all out, and inserting as a substitute,
Whereas by a tieaty made with the Pottawatomie tribe
of Indians near the inouih of the Mivsij- iuewd liver, upon
the Wabash, ou the 16th day of October, l^G, there wn«s
granted to the hoiia of Stephen Johnston, killed by the Pot-
tawatomie Jndiaiix, one halt section of land to be located
under the direction of the Lhcwdent of the United States,
winch faid haif h-cUou <>f laud selected, as the staid heirs
afrei waidr-1 earned, wa- fractional, containing but uvohun-
d-ed and cj^hty-two acre-, and wa-j, a« the> alleged, ot >n-
luiioi value, on which account they were aurhouzed by a
sp"eial act of CongiefS, approved July 20,1810, to relinquish
