1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3fail Cong....2d Sess.
3&
Object of the. War—Mr. Willey.
Senate."
fact the father of the Constitution, was also the
authorof the resolutions of1798-99;and that there-
fore these resolutions are, in fact, his exposition
of State rights under the Constitution. Did Mr.
Madison mean, by his enunciation, in these cele-
brated resolutions, of the right of State interpo-
sition m certain contingencies, that a State had a
right to withdraw from the Union ? I answer, no.
If Mr. Madison, as the principal framer of the
Constitution, is authority for the corrcct expo-
sition of the Constitution, let the same rule apply
to him as the author of the resolutions. And
here I cite him as authority that he never designed
by these resolutions to enunciate any such power
in the States, both on the grounds of his intelli-
gence as a statesman and his integrity as a man
of truth. He has said he meant to enunciate no
such principle. He has repeatedly so declared—
in his letters to Mr. Everett, Mr. Cabell, Mr. Ste-
phenson, and Mr. Trist. And yet his great name
is persistently paraded before the public as sanc-
tioning the pestilent principle of secession!
The truth is, the assumption of the right of
a State to withdraw from the Union of its own
accord, and without reference to the will or the
wishes of any or of all of the other States in the
Union, has only found champions bold enough
to avow it within the last few years. Even Mr.
Calhoun himself, so late as 1844, declared:
"That each State lias aright to act as it pleases in what-
ever relates to itself exclusively, no man will deny ; but il
is a perfectly novel doctrine that any Suite has suchaiight
when she comes to act in conceit with others m reference
to whatever concerns the whole. In such cases, it is the
plainest dictate of common sense, that whatever affects the
whole should be regulated by the mutual consent of all, and
not by the discretion of each."— Calhoun's Letter, declining
nomination, to Baltimore Convention in February, 1644.
At the time of the passage of the resolutions of
1798-99, the construction now placed upon them
was not dreamed of. Mr. Wirt, then in the vigor
of youthful manhood, and the ardent admirer and
personal and political friend of Mr. Madison and
Mr. Jefferson, writes to Judge Carr, of Virginia,
under date of January 6, 1833:
ct As to the right of a State to secede from the Union, I
do not recollect to have ever heard it made the subject of
discussion in the high times of 1798-99 and 1800, and conse-
quently never heaid the denial of the right to secede tieated
as ahtgh Federal doctrine." * * * * "Mr.
Madison's and Mi. Jefferson's resolutions were not for se-
cession—they were appeals to the other States, and looked
no fuither than the repeal of the laws,'5 &c.
_ That Mr. Wirt is entirely correct in this asser-
tion there can be no doubt. Other cotemporaries
and cotemporaneous events corroborate the state-
ment of Mr. Wirt. For instance, at a festival held
by the presidential electors of Mr. Jefferson, in
1800, at the city of Richmond, there were present
some of the leading statesmen and exponents of
Virginia policy and opinion, and most prominent
among the sentiments offered on that occasion
was, ''secession is treason."
If any journal may be quoted as authority for
the views of the State-rights party in Virginia at
least, and as reflecting the opinions of Mr. Jeffer-
son and Mr. Madison especially, the Richmond
Enquirer was certainly worthy of that distinction.
Now we find in the Richmond Enquirer of .Novem-
ber 1, 1814, the following:
"No man, no association of men, no State, or set of
States, has a light to withdraw itself from this Union of its
own account. The same power which knit us together can
unknit. The same foimahty which tormcd the links of the
Union is necessary to dissolve it. The majority of States
which formed the Union must consent to the withdrawal of
any one branch of it. Until that consent has been obtained
any attempt to dissolve the Union, or distract the eflicaey
of its constitutional laws, is treason—treason to all intents
and purposes."
Thus, it seems to me that these celebrated res-
olutions afford no warranty for the " right of a
State to withdraw itself from the Union of its own
account;" and the pretense for peaceable, irre-
sponsible secession, predicated upon them, dis-
solves from view, " like the baseless fabric of a
vision;" and the secession of the States now in
arms against the Government, stripped of its spe-
cious disguises and sophistries and garniture of
falsehood, stands forth in its true character—
" treason to all intents and purposes"—a willful,
unprovoked,diabolical conspiracy against the best
Government God ever vouchsafed to man, and
against the last cherished hope of constitutional
liberty in the world.
Sir, it will require the concentrated and accu-
mulated indignation of centuries to denounce, in
terms of commensurate severity, the monstrous
sin and turpitude of this rebellion. It is a crime
against the human race. It has no shadow of
apology. The false pretenses of its authors and
abettors will not avail to shield them against the
coming execration of mankind. Even Calhoun
was constrained to admit, in his letter to General
Hamilton in 1832, that—
" With institutions every way so fortunate, possessed of
means so well calculated "to prevent disorders, and so ad-
mirable to correct them when they cannot be prevented, he
who would prescribe for our political disease disunion on
one side, or coercion of a State, m the assertion of its rights,
on the other, would deserve, and will receive, the execra-
tions of tins and all future generations."
Sir, truth will ere long strip these conspirators
naked before the world, and the people whom they
have so cruelly misled will rise up and curse them.
History—impartial history—will arraign and con-
demn them to universal contempt, ft will hold
them responsible before man and God for the dire-
ful consequences already brought upon the coun-
try, and for the evils yet to come—for the desola-
tions of war, its pillage, and rapine, and blood,
and carnage, and crime, and widowhood, and
orphanage, and all its sorrows and disasters.
" All that the mind would shrink from of excesses;
All that the body perpetrates of bad;
All that we read, hear, dream of man's distresses;
All that the devil would do if run stark mad ;
All that defies the worst which pen expresses ;
All by which hell is peopled, or as sad
As hell."
Mr. President, it must remain for some future
American Sallust to delineate m terms of adequate
exccration the causes, instrumentalities, and per-
sonages of this wicked rebellion. How far he
may find parallels of treason and turpitude in the
pages of his Roman prototype, I shall not now
pause to inquire. It may not bccome his duty to
portray the character of any American Catiline
in colors of moral debasement, as dark and hor-
rible as those which have justly consigned the
name of the Roman conspirator to eternal infamy;
but the cardinal offense—the treason itself—of the
modern patricidcs will transcend the enormity of
the ancient rebels by so much as the blessings and
liberty of Amcrica excel those of Rome. For if
Sallust properly presented, as the most astonish-
ing and deplorable feature of the effort to subvert
the Roman republic, the fact that it was instigated
at a time when "every nation from the rising to
the setting of the sun lay in subjection to her
arms, and though peace and prosperity, which
mankind think the greatest blessings, were hers
in abundance, there were yet found among her
citizens men who were bent with obstinate determ-
ination to plunge themselves and their country in
ruin," (see Watson's translation, London, 1852,
page 43,) what shall be said of those who, with-
out pretense of provocation, have conspired to
destroy the unexampled peace and prosperity of
the United States, and to overthrow the wisest and
best Government which the annals of history have
ever presented to the admiration of mankind?—a
Government of which one of the principal con-
spirators, now vice president of the organized re-
bellion, said a little more than a year ago—
" That this Government of our fathers, with alt its defects,
comes nearer to the objects of all good governments than
any other on the face of the earth, is my settled convic-
tion."—ji. II. Stephens before the Georgia Legislature, No-
vember, 1800.
I come now, Mr. President, to the inquiry, what
has produced this rebellion ? What is the design
of the leadeis of the rebellion in attempting to de-
stroy the Government? We have seen that there
has been no just cause of dissatisfaction with the
Government. It has most successfully accom-
plished the end of its institution in securing 4' life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" for the
citizen, and in " promoting the general welfare."
Wc have seen that the policy of the Government
has always been controlled by the South, and that
at the time of the outbreak of the insurrection the
administration of the Government was completely
within the power of the South and its friends. We
have seen that slavery and the rights of slave-
holders were secure from any successful aggres-
sion by the Republican party or by the General
Government. It was no dread of the abolitionists
which precipitated the rebellion. Ex-Governor
Adams was not singular itt tha sentiment to whidh
hegaveutterance atColumbia, when he declared;'
" The abolitionists were our beat friends. Thank God for
what they have already done." * * * * <* ff"
to-morrow morning they repealed every anti-slavery law.
aim said tuey would never whispertlie word ' negro' again,"
lie would still loose his connection will) tliein.:;
t We must, therefore, seek for theimpellingeauses
m other considerations. Perhaps they were mul-
tifarious and somewhat complex. Perhaps dis-
appointed political aspirations had something to
do with the matter. Envy and chagrin at the pros-
perity of the other sections, the sole and legitimate
result of industry, enterprise, and skill, and not
the fruits of partial legislative policy, may have
exerted their baleful influences; for the tenor of
alleged grievances oft-times bore striking resem-
blance to the complaints which Catiline poured in,
the ears of his co-conspirators. "Who,"said he,
" Who ill the world, indeed, that has the feelings of a
man, can enduie that they should have a superfluity of
riches to squanderin building overseas and leveling mount-
ains, and that means should be wanting to lis for even the
necessaries ol'Jile; that they should join together two houses
or more, and that we should not have a hearth to call our
own? They, though they purchase pictures,statues,and
embossed plate; though they pull down new buildings and
eieet others, and lavish and abuse their wealth in every
possible method, yet cannot, with the utmost efforts of ca-
price, exhaust it. Cut for us there is poverty at home and
debts abroad ; our present circumstances are bad, our pros-
pects much worse; and what, in a word, have we left but
a miserable existence ?"
An ungenerous envy of northern thrift may
have, in some instances, been productive of prej-
udice in the southern mind. But why should the
South envy the prosperity of the North? Let us
rather turn with joy and gratitude to the natural
resources of the South, inviting; development—a
climate unrivalled; a soil as fat as the Deltaof the
Nile; mines of inexhaustible magnitude and in-
calculable value; rivers in which navies may ride
secure; sea-ports where the commerce of the world
may find harbor—all the elements of individual
and national prosperity and happiness worthy of
the Almighty hand that poured them in such in-
finite exuberance around us. Fostered and pro-
tected by the best Government man ever enjoyed,
and proud of our name and position as American
citizens, let us rather be stimulated by the pros-
perity and success of our neighbors to energy and
industry , and show ourselves worthy of the rich
gifts which God and nature have so munificently
bestowed upon us.
But what was the primary inciting cause of this
rebellion? I answer—dissatisfaction with the
principles and operation of democratic govern-
ment. It was hostility to the simplicity and equal-
ity of republican institutions. We may not find
any direct and unequivocal avowal of this fact on
the part of the conspirators. It would be strange
if we should. Satan ever approaches his victims
as an angel of light. Liberty has always been
destroyed in the name of liberty. Despotism is
strategctic. It fights with masked batteries. All
history will attest that encroachments on human
rights have generally been made in the guise of
freedom and friendship.
Mr. President, I am not before you either as
; the defender or the denouncer of slavery. Its
friends, however, claim that it is necessary to the
perfection of any high degree of civilization; that
by exempting those who possess slaves from those
menial and servile offices inseparably incident to
the economy of any condition of society, it affords
leisure and means for superior mental and social
improvement, and impaits a dignity of character
and polish of manners unattainable where slavery
does not exist. If this assumption be confined in
its application to the slaveholder, it may, to some
extent, be true; but how small a proportion of
the people of the South own slaves!
Sir, I dare not say, with George Mason, of Vir-
ginia, that "every master of a slave is born a petty
tyrant," for I am a slaveholder. I despise the vitu-
peration so indiscriminately heaped upon slave-
holders by the madness of fanatic abolitionists.
They are the worst enemies of the slave in the
world. They have already injured him much;
and if their policy were carried out it would de-
grade the slave still below his present position,
and entail miseries upon him exceeding the hor*
rorsof the slave-ship. It would beggar Both mas-
ter and slave, and demoralize the whole oauntry.
Let us leave slavery where the Constitution and
