2516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
facturer," insertic or producer;*' in line six, after the word
"made," insert uor produced;" in the same line strike
out*" vine dressers," and insert " vintners;" in line nine,
after the word " use," insert " exclusively;" line ten, after
" persons," strike out " onlyso as to make the section
^'sec. 62. -And be it further enacted, That nothing con-
tained in the preceding section of this act, laying duties on
licenses, shall be construed to require a license for the sale
of goods, wares, and merchandise made or produced and
sold by the manufacturer or producer at the manufactory or
place where the same is made or produced; to vintners who
sell, at the place where the same is made, wine of their own
growth; nor to apothecaries, as to wines or spirituous
liquors, which they use exclusively in the preparation or
making up of medicines for sick, lame, or diseased per-
sons ; nor shall the provisions oi paragraph No. 27 extend
to physicians who keep on hand medicines solely for the
purpose of making up their own prescnptions for their own
patients.
On page 77, section sixty-three, after line six, insert " or
in violation of the laws of any State orTerritory;" soas to
read, " that no license hereinbefore provided for, if granted,
shall be construed to authorize the commencemcnr or con-
tinuation of any trade, business, occupation, or employ-
ment therein mentioned, within any State or Territory of
the United States in which it is or shall be specially pro-
hibited by the laws thereof, or in violation of the laws of
any State orTeriitoiy."
* On page 78, section sixty-four, line two, strike out "May"
and insert "July."
On page 79, section sixty-four, line twenty-three, after
the word " mentioned," insert " or on or before a day pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue."
On page 79, section sixty-five, line six, strike out" and"
and insert "or."
On page 79, section sixty-five, lines nine and ten. strike
out, after "when," the words "cloth is sold or delivered
exclusively foi dyeing, printing, bleaching, or to be fin-
ished in any other manner, and."
In the same section, line ten, after the word " thread,"
insert "is;" so as to read, "when thread is manufac-
tured," &c.
Inline thirteen, strike out "seventy-first," and insert
"seventy-fourth,'" before "section."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think 1 will reserve
that, because I do not know how the numbers
may be when we come to finish; it may not be
the seventy-fourth section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reserved.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments:
On page 80, Hue twenty-nine of section sixty-five, inseit
the woid "and" befoie "provided," and after the word "pio-
vided," insert "lurther;" so as to read, "and provided
further."
On page 80, lines thirty-eight and thirty-nine of section
sixty-live, strike out the woids " 3d day of March, 1862,"
and insert " passage of this act."
On page 81, section sixty-six, line four, strike out " may"
and insert "-'hall;" in lines seven and eight strike out
"undei the direction of the Secretary ol the Treasuiy."
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 81, line thir-
teen, the word " to"should be stricken out before
"the parties." It is a bad expression to say,
"he shall summon (giving notice of notices than
two nor more than ten days) to the parties."- I
move to strike out" to."'
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendmen ts:
On page 83, section sixty seven, hue three, strike out
"sixtv-fourth," and inseit "sixty-seventh," before " sec-
tion."
Mr. FESSENDEN, I think that will have to
be amended. I will reserve it until I find out the
numbers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be leserved.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments:
On page 84, section sixty nine, line siv, strike out " leaf,
stem, or;" so us to i ead, " and manufactured tobaceo."
On page 8.>, section seventy-one, line two, strike out
"May" and inseit "July.''
On'page 8,3, section seventy-one, line seven, after the
word " agents," insert " of the manufacturer or producer."
On page 86, section seventy-one, lines eleven to sixteen,
stiike out the vvonls, "on candles, of vrh.itevei mateual
made, when valued at above fifteen cents per pound, five
mills per pound; when valued above fifteen cents per
pound, and not above twenty-five cents per pound, one cent
pei pound, and when valued above twenty live eenN per
pound, one and a half cent per pound and in lieu theieof
insert, "on candles, of whatever material made, thieeper
cent, ad valorem "
On page strikeout lines seventeen, eighteen, and nine-
teen, as follows: "'On anthracite coal, except such as is
known in ttie ttade a-> pea coal, fifteen cents per ton ; on
bituminous coal, one eighth of one cent per bu-hel ;'3 and
in lieu of these woids inseit, " on all mineral eoals, except
such as is known m the trade as pea coal, tluee and a half
cents per ton."
Mr. WILMOT. desire to move to strike out
those lines, if it be in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reserved
for a separate vote.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments:
On page 86, line twenty-six, strike out "five" and insert
"two;" so as to read, "on lard oil, mustard seed oil, lin-
seed oil, and on all animal or vegetable oils not exempted
nor provided for elsewhere, whether pure or adulterated,
two cents per gallon."
On page 87, lines thirty-four and thirty-five, strike out
" not exceeding fifteen millions of cubic feet per month,"
and from lines thirty-six to thirty-eight, strike out " when
the product shall be above fifteen millions of cubic feet per
month, twenty cents per one thousand cubic feet;" so as
to make the clause read, "on gas, illuminating, made of
eoal, wholly or m part, or any other material, when the pro-
duct shall not be above five hundred thousand cubic feet
per month, five cents per one thousand cubic feet; when
the product shall he above five hundred thousand and not
exceeding five millions of cubic feet per month, ten cents
per one thousand cu hie feet; when the product shall be above
five millions, fifteen cents per one thousand cubic feet; and
the general aveiage of the monthly product for the year pre-
ceding the return requued by this act shall regulate the rate
of duty herein imposed."
On page 88, at the end of line sixty-three, insert, " Jlnd
provided further, That gas companies so located as to com-
pete with each other shall pay the rate imposed by this act
upon the company having the largest production."
On page 88, line seventy-four, after the word "notwith-
standing," insert, " And provided further, That distillers
of coal oil shall be subject to all the piovisions of tins act
hereinbefore set forth and specified, applicable to distillers
of spirituous liquors, with regard to licenses, bonds, returns,
and all other provisions designed for the purpose of ascer-
taining the quantity distilled, and securing the payment of
duties, so far as the same may, in the judgment of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and under regulations pre-
scribed by him, be necessary for that purpose."
On page 89, strike out hues eighty-four to ninety, in the
words, "ou spirits >ectified, mixed with other liquors'or
materials, or prepared in any way to be sold as whisky, fif-
teen cents per gallon ; to be sold as brandy, rum, gin, wine,
or by any other name, not otherwise provided lor. thirty
cents per gallon, on the basis of first proof, and so in pro-
portion for any greater strength than the strength of first
proof."
On page 89, line one hundred and six, stnke out 11 two
cents," and insert " one centso as to make the clause
read, " ou sugar candy, and all confectioneiy made wholly
or in part of sugar, one cent per pound."
Mr. HOWE. Let that be reserved.
The VI(5k PRESIDENT. It will be reserved
for a separate vote.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments, as follows:
On page 90, line one hundred and eight, insert " and bi-
carbonate of soda;" s.o as to make the clause read, " on
saleratus and bicarbonate of soda, five mills per pound."
in line one bundled and thirteen, after "snuff," insert
" and ;" in line one bundled and fourteen, strike out " or
piepated smoking tobacco, ten," and insert " twentyso
as to make the clause read, " on tobacco, cavendish, piug,
twist, fine cut, and manufactured, of all descriptions, not
including snuff and cigars, twenty cents per pound."
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg leave to offer an
amendment, after " cigars," if it is in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will hear me
a moment. I have been looking at that matter,
and I can suggest what will answer his purpose.
Instead of striking out the words " or prepared
smoking tobacco, ten," I move to insert " smok-
ing tobacco prepared with the stems in," and then
leave in the next clause, and insert " ten cents"
instead of " five."
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, sir. 1 am of
the opinion, however, that the tax is too high on
low-priced tobacco.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tiiat will be very much
lower than anything else.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; if the Senator
will make that motion, I shall be satisfied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Instead of striking out
the words "or prepared smoking tobacco, ten,"
insert 44 except smoking tobacco prepared with
the stems m."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be agreed to in that form if not objected to.
The clause will be read as it stands.
The Secretary lead it,as follows:
On tobacco, cavendish, plug, twist, fine cut, and manu-
factured of all description*, (not including snulf and cigars,
and smoking tobacco prepaied with stems in,) twenty cents
per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And then the next clause
should be retained instead of striking it out, chang-
ing " five" to "ten-," so as to read, " on tobacco,
prepared smoking, ten cents per pound."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is line one hun-
dred and sixteen to be retained, changing " five"
to <{ fen r"
Mr. FESSENDEN. Changing the phraseol-
ogy " on smoking tobacco prepared with the stems
in, ten cents per pound."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The clause will be
considered agreed to in that form unless objection
be made.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments:
In line one hundred and seventeen, after the word "snuff,"
strikeout" or," and insert "manufactured ofand in line
one hundred and nineteen strike out " eight," and insert
"twenty;" so as to read, "on snuff manufactured of to-
bacco, ground, dry, or damp, of all descriptions, (except
aromatic or medical snuff in vials,pots, boxes, or packets,)
twenty cents per pound."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish the amendment,
striking out" eight" and inserting " twenty,"re-
served. I will state to the chairman of the com-
mittee that I propose to raise that duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is now twenty cents a
pound. It is as high as on other tobacco.
Mr.McDOUG-ALL. I think it should be higher
on tobacco manufactured in that form.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments, as follows:
On page 90,line one hundred and twenty-one, strikeout
"ten," and insert "fifteen;" so as to read, "on cigars,
valued at not over five dollars per thousand, fifteen cents
per pound."
In line one hundred and twenty-three, after " five," strike
out " dollarsand in line one hundred and twenty-four,
strike out " fifteen," and insert "twenty so as to read,
" on cigais, valued at over five and not over ten dollars per
thousand, twenty cents per pound."
In line one hundred and twenty-five, after the word "ten,"
insert " and not over twenty ;" and in lines one hundred
and twenty-five and one huudred and twenty-six, strike out
" twenty," and insert " twenty-five cents per pound ;" so
that the clause will read, " on eigars, valued at over ten
and not over twenty dollars per thousand, twenty-five cents
per pound."
In lines one hundred and twenty-eight and one hundred
and twenty-nine insert, " on cigars valued at over twenty
dollars per thousand, thirty-five cents per pound."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the chairman
whether, in the'eourse of business here, after we
have passed through the bill, it will be competent
to move an additional provision here in regard to
cigars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose so.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading of the
amendments:
On page 91, stiike out from line one hundred and forty-
nine to one hundred and fifty-nine, inclusive, in the words,
"on corn brooms, three per cent, ad valorem; on wooden .
pails, tubs, buckets, casks, and churns, three per cent, ad
valorem; on stiaw, palm leaf, and giass hats, caps and bon-
nets, three per cent, ad valorem; on hats and caps, made of
fur, ieit, wool, cotton, glazed muslin, India lubber, oi silk,
wholly or m pait, tluee per cent, ad valorem; on steel hoop-
skirts, oi skuts of metal or other mateiial, three per cent.
ad valorem; on clothing, ready made, three per cent, ad
valorem."
On page 92, lines one hundred and sixty-five and one
hundred and sixty-six, strike out the words " two inches or
over m lengthand in lines one hundred and sixty-six, one
hundred and sixty-seven, and one hundred and sixty-eight,
stiike out " less than two inches in length, two cents and
five mills per pound;" so as to make the clause "read, "on
screws, commonly called wood-screws, one and a half cent
per pound."
In line one hundred and seventy four, after the word
" ton," insert " on railroad n on, lei oiled, seventy-five cents
per ton;" so as to make the clause read, "on railroadnon,
and all other iron advanced beyond slabs, blooms, or loops,
and not advanced beyond bars or rods, and band, hoop,and
sheet iron, not thinner than No. 18 wire gauge, and plate
iron not Jes.s than one eighth of an inch in thickness, $1 50
per ton; on railroad iron, rerolled, seventy-five cents per
ton; on band, hoop, and sheet iron thinner than No. 18
wire gauge, plate iron less than one eighth of an inch in
thickness, and cut nails and spikes, two dollars per ton "
On pace 94, lines two bundled and eleven and two hun-
dred and twelve, strike out" on blacking and paste, usually
called shoe oi boot blacking, of all deseuptions, three per
cent ad valorem."
In line two hundred and twenty-five strike out "eight"
and inseit " harness leather, sevenso as to read, " on all
other sole or rough leather, hemlock tanned, and harness
leather, seven mills per pound."
In line two hundied and twenty-nine strike out" except
calf skins," befoie "made," and mscit those words after
" rough," in line two hundred and thnty-two; so as to read,
" on all finished or curried upper leather, made from leather
tanned in the interest of the parties finishing or cunving^
such leather, not previously taxed in the rough, except calf
skins;, one cent per pound."
On page 95, line two hundred and thuty-three, after the
woid " bend," insert" and,*' and stnke out" and harness;"
so as to lead, "on bend and but leather, one cent per
pound."
In line two hundred and thirty-five strike out "tarred
oi," and stiike out " two and a half," and inseit " and deer
skins, dressed or smoked, two;" so as to read, "on oil-
dressed leather and deer skins, dies&ed or smoked, two
cents per pound."
Strike out lines two hundred and forty-two, two hundred
and fortv-threc, and two luuidied and forty-four, as fol-
low* . "on buck skin*, tanned oi die-sed, two doll irs per
do-sen; on doe skins, tanned and dressed, one dollar per
dozen; on deer skins, dieted and smoked, six cents per
pound."
Stiike out lines two hundred and forty-eight, two hun-
dred and forty-nine, and two hundred and fifty, as follows:
"on patent oi enameled cloth, three per cent, ad valorem;
on machine belting of all kinds, a duty of three per cent.
ad valorem
