1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
said land to the United States, and thf■Preside n n ai i --
quested to cause the Commissioner of the Genem Lam
Office to issue to the childicn of the said bteptien J'^toii
and Elizabeth Johnson, or tiuh.-.i rV'V,!!,,
ceivable in pavi.ieet at any land office in l!  inert
for any halt ceesiou not subject to preemption, to wtiuli
certificate so issued was appended the offiei.il stati-uicnt of
Hie Commi-Moner of the General Land OiIkh , d.ued I eo-
ruarv2-> 1S41, construing the said law to aatmt t.ie entry
of anv bail section of the alternate sections along the line
of the Maumee canal, adveitised to be ->oId m Junciollow
in«; and whereas the said heirs on application not being
nermitted to enter a half section of land in the W yandotle
reseive.in the State of Ohio, in accoidanco with tlie terms
of'tfoe Commissioner's construction of the law on account
of an adverse decision of the Attorney Genera), dated Sep-
tember 25, 1845, were authorized to do so by special act of
Congress, appioved March 3, 18-17, " Provided, the mini-
mum pi ice of paid half section shall not exceed $2 50 per
acre," but were unable to make said entry because of the
sale, as it is alleged, of the whole of said lesetve before the
passage of said law ; and whereas doubts exist whether the
baid certificate can now be k'sally located on any public
landssubject to preemption under exiting law?.: Thetefore,
Be it enacted by Ihe Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Intetior of the United States shall and
lie is hereby authorized and requiicd to issue to the heirs
of the said Stephen Johnston in full satisfaction ot said
certificate, land pcrip for three hundred and twenty acres
of public lands of the United States, subject to sale at pri-
vate entry at tlie rate of 50 per acre,and lorstx hundied
and iorty acres, subject to sale a-> aforesaid at $1 2 > per
acrc, to be located according to legal subdivisions as mili-
tary land warrants are now located under existing la\v<,
in compact bodie.s of not less than one hundred and sixty
acres each.
Mr. WADE. I hope the amendment will be
printed,and let the matter lie over.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to its go-
ing over.
The amendment was ordered to be printed; and
thefurtherconsidcration of the bill was postponed.
CL13AJUNG OF THE CALENDAR.
Mr. CLARK. T move that the Senate now
proe.eed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 90)
for the relief of John H. Ronntrce. The bill was
reported adversely, and I desire to get nd of it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In looking
over tho Calendar, 1 find some twenty or thirty
bills upon it which have been reported adversely.
They make up a long Calendar; and 1 think we
had better get rid of them. I wish to clear off
the Calendar, and have only the live bills upon
it. For that purpose, I shall move to take up
several bills, and put them out of the way by ail
indefinite postponement. I move first to take up
the joint resolution (S. No. 2) to remit the duties
on certain arms imported into the United States,
which has been superseded by a bill lieretoiore
passed. 1 move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now
move that the bill be postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 now
move to take up the bill (S. No. 17) concerning
the pay of officers in the revenue service of the
United States, a House bill of tho same nature
having been passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move
that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move
that the bill (S. No. 45) to make ail appropriation
for tho reboildinu and repair of the Long Bridge
betaken up, another bill for the same purpose
having been passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 move
that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill (S. No. 110) in relation to district
attorneys,reported adversely by the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Poster] from the Committee j
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I hesitate about, that bill. I
Theie H a bill relating todistnct attorneys which j
is now pending in the Senate and on which the |
Senate has nut leached a conclusion. Therefore, !
it seems to me that on the whole it would be bet- I
ter to allow this to remain. I ha"ve no particular I
interest in the bill; I do not know its merits; but
still I think we had better not act upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well.
There ishere a joint resolution (S. No. 29) to pro- |
mote the efficiency of the troops serving in the
department of Kansas, reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The time has passed
by for that. I move that it be taken up, and post-
poned indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Hero is a
bill (S. No. 140) abolishing the franking privi-
lege, from which the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads have asked to be discharged, as
there is another bill of that kind. I move that it
be taken up, and postponed indefinitely.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President-—
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It does not
affect the House bill.
Mr. POWELL. Very well.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have been discharged from
the consideration of a bill (S. No. 161) to pro-
mote the administration of justice. 1 move that
it betaken up, and indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think tho same course
might be pursued with all tho bills on the Calen-
dar that relate to the subject of the confiscation of
property. We have a hill pending befoie the Sen-
ate which we are considering; and if any member
should desire to offer any of these bills as an
amendment to that, he can (]o so. By pursuing
the course now suggested, we shall get them o'l
the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether it is desirable
to get them off the Calendai until we leach our
conclusion on I In; general subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I See no object in having
them here, because we ore consideiing one bill
which has been reported by the committee: and if
any Senator should desire to submit any of these
bills, he can offer it as an amendment. These will
not, be taken up as substantive bills, piobably. 1
have no desire in the matter except simply to le-
lieve the Calendar from this long list. If the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts desires them to remain,
1 have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I have lio conccrn about it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think the
suggestion made by the Senator Iroiri Illinois is
correct. I have marked all those bills upon the
printed Calendar in my hand, and intended to
move to stnke them off.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator indicate the different bills ot that character,
so that the question may be put on them all?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They are
the bill (S. No.26) to provide foi the confiscation
of property belonging to rebels, the lull (S. No. 23) .
to suppiess the slaveholders'rebellion; the bill (S.
No. 29) far the confiscation of property of persons
in rebellion against the Const i tut ion and laws of t he-
United States; the bill (S. No. 35) for the punish-
ment of conspiracy and kindred oflenses against
the United States, and for the confiscation of the
property of the offenders; the bid (S. No. 78) for
the co n fseat i oil of the pi operty oi icbels, and giv-
ing freedom to the persons they hold in shuery;
the bill (S. No. 134) declaring certain peisons to
be alien enemies, foifeitmg their property to tlie
United States, and creating a hen on said property
in favor of loyal*person?J, to indemnity tnern for
such damages as they may have sustained by the
existing war of rebellion; the joint resolution (^.
No. 23) to provide for the confiscation of the prop-
erty of icbels or insurgents, and to satisfy the just
claims of loyal peisons therelrom.
1 move that they be taken up, and be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the bill (S. No. 121) for the collection of diiect
taxes in insurrectionary districts, and for other
"loin the consideration of which the
purposes, li 0111 tlie eonsiuera'
Committee on Finance had been discharged; the
bill ( EI R. No. 298) to authorize additional mnil-
(tbl.Anatt.-i, mid the b, II (. H. R. No. 241) to estab-
lish a Distal money order system, ri ported on ad-
-rs.lv by the Committee or. tlie I'ost Offr'e and
Post Roads: and tho bill (tl. R- No. 334) relating
to the appointment and compensation ot chaplinus
to military hospitals, reported on adversely by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
were taken up and postponed indefinitely.
Mr. SUMNER. Theie are two other billshere
in which I am interested, and which I shall move
the indefinite postponement of. I mpvo to take
up the bill (S. No. 215) to carry into effect the
stipulations of the treaty with Hanover for the
abolition of the Stadt dues.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate have already
passed a similar bill from the House of Represent-
atives. I move that the bill be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill (S. No. 223) to pro-
vide for carrying the mads from the United States
to foreign ports lias been added as an amendment
to the Post Office appropriation bill. I move that
it be taken up and be indefinitely postponed
The motion was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. S.UMNER. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote on the bill (S. No. 230) to
amend an act entitled "An act to continue, alter,
and amend thccliartcr of the city of Washington,"
which was indefinitely postponed at our last meet-
ill". I desire to enter a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was indefinitely postponed.
The motion was entered.
BIGIIT Of WAY OVER PUBLIC LANDS.
Mi. IIAIILAN. I move that the Senate now
take up a motion made by me some days since to
reconsider the vote by which Senate bill No. 123
was passed, a bill to extend the provisions of the
act of August 4, 1852, entitled *' An act to giant
the rndit of way to all rail and plank roads," &c.,
for the term of "five years, and to amend the same.
My object in making tills motion 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not a mo-
tion lequirmo to be acted on by the Senate. It is
a privileged question which the Senator can call
up. The Senator calls it up, and the question is
" Will the Senate reconsider the vote passing that
bill?"
Mr. HARLAN. My object in calling up this
motion is to ask- the Senate to agree to a slight
amendment to the second section ot the bill.
The motion to reconsider tho passage of the bill
was agieed to.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be ne-
cessai y also, m order to receive a motion to amend,
to reconsider the vote oidermg the bill to be en-
grossed, and lead a third time.
The vote was i(-considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now open to amendment.
Mr. NESMITH. I introduced this bill in the
Senate; it was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands; I was directed to report it back; and
it was subsequently passed. At the time of its
passage the Senator from Iowa mentioned to me
that in one clause of it he thought it conveyed
questionable power, and that lie desired to enter
a motion to reconsider, which lie did at the time,
and he has this moi mug called it up. I will briefly
explain the reasons for the peculiar language
which is used in the bill. The second section is:
-•rice. :!. .lad it furthrv cnmfrtj, Thai the privilege-!
i'iIl', ,! in s.ud acts to eiiartcieil companies are hereby
"i.inud to any eoipoaifion-MH companies organized and
doii'S Im inc— as '■!.< li wnlun the State or Territory where
^.ikt p-.ibh<- - may he situated.'3
The first section extends the act of August 4,
1852, granting the right of way to all rail and plank
I roads across the public lands of the United States.
| That act expires by its own limitation on the 4th
■ of August next. In Oregon our constitution pro-
I hibisslhe passage of any law chartering corpora-
I tions. Section two of article eleven of ourcousli-
I tution provides that " corporations may befoimod
I under general laws, but shall not bo created by
I special laws cxcept for municipal purposes." At
! the first session of the Oregon Legislature they
| omitted to pass any general laws providing for
I corporations, and consequently we have no such
j law on the statute-book there now. The act of
h Congress of lb52 expires on the 4th day of Au-
'i gusfm-xt, as I have stated. Our Legislature does
: not mn.t until September. There is a trausporta-
II t.on company that d-sircs to build a short railroad
b offifte n miles around what is know n as the Dalles,
|l v/hei.' steamboat inuiration is int-. erupted by cat-
