1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B7
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Expulsion of a Senator—Mr. Latham.
Senate.
servalive elements to save us, then, indeed, there will be
no hope for an mdepend#; and free Republic on this con-
tinent, and the public mind will despondingly turn to the
stronger and more fixed forms of the Old World.
£f In this point of view I most respectfully urge that you
increase the power and dignity of the State, through all her
administrative offices, and adhere firmly to all the conserva-
tive principles of our constitution."
It were easy to multiply the evidence of hos-
tility among the instigators of secession to what
Judge Pratt calls the "horizontal plane of pure
democracy." The columns of most of the leading
journals in the interest of the rebellion teem with
assaults, direct or indirect, upon the great princi-
ples of political equality on which our republican
institutions are based. I shall not weary the Sen-
ate by any detailed reference to them. I will give
an extract from one as an example of many. I
have taken the following extract from the Rich-
mond Whig, of June 14, 1861. Speaking of the
southern States:
"This va^t region, inhabited by a people who are bred
from childhood to horsemanship and the use of arms, and
who know wh.tt liberty is, and love and adore it, is por-
tioned out for subjugation by the disgusting Yankee race,
who don't know how to load a gun, and look contomphble
* on hoiseback. That they may be drilled into respectable
military machines by the Virginian, who commands them,
is likely enough; but without disjointing the eternal fit-
ness ot things and dislocating the order of nature, that they
should become capable of empue, is simply absuid. Grant
that mere brute force should enable them to overrun the
land like a cloud of eastern locusts, their reign would pass
with themselves. They possess not one quality that fits
them lor command. Since their beginning as a nation, and
out of all their seething population, they have never yet
produced a general or a statesman. That is an effort beyond
theirabihty. But for organizing hotels, woikmg machinery,
and other ba^e mechanical contuvances, they are without
equals m the woild. And the vciy law of nature which
invests them with excellence m those infcrioi departments
of humanity, condemns them to inferiority in those of a
nobler and rnoie exalted sttain."
Senator Hammond is by no means alone in his
conception of the dignity of labor. There are
hundreds of thousands who concur in his estimate
of laboring men as the mere " mudsills'' of so-
ciety, on which there should be erecte<J an aris-
tocracy, controlling the political power of the
State.
Do you ask me, do the masses of the people of
the South understand the purpose of the advocates
of this subversion of democratic government? Sir,
I admit the proportion of the southern people hold-
ing these views was, and perhaps still is, greatly
in the minority. They consist mostly of slave-
holders and their immediate dependents. The
number of actual slave-owners in the southern
States does not, perhaps, exceed four hundred
thousand, and the number of dependents and ex-
pectants in interest will not amount to above one
million five hundred thousand more. But then
it must be considered that these slaveholders are
the principal men of wealth, education, intelli-
gence, and social influence. Besides, sir, as I have
already said, the aggressions of the few upon the
rights of the many are always accomplished under
false pretenses. The cry of " southern rights,"
" southern rights," "southern rights," has been
rung in the ears of the people with such ceaseless,
vehement importunity, as to create an honest im-
pression on the public mind that grievous and out-
rageous wrong has been done to southern rights
already, and that still further and greater outrages
are imminent. Especially has the opinion been
propagated that slavery is everywhere to be abol-
ished in defiance of constitutional guarantees, and
the rights of the States aie to be sacrificed to the
caprices of northern fanaticism. Thus has the
"southern heart been fired." Still it may be asked,
ho w could such a meager minority precipitate such
a rebellion as now exists if the masses were not
cooperating? I ask, what had the people to do in
seceding the States out of the Union, and in the
organization of the provisional confederate gov-
ernment? What had the people in my own once
honored State to do in attaching Virginia to the
southern confederacy? Nothing, sir. Nothing.
They knew not when it was done. Thcyknew
not that it was in contemplation till after it was
done. In secret session, with doors barred against
the popular ear, with hearts steeled against the
expressed will of the people, the conspirators at
Richmond not only withdrew my State from the
Union, but transferred her arms and her finances
and her liberties to the self-constituted authorities
at Montgomery; and before the people knew of
the dark infernal deed, the tread of armed legions
from the Gulf States was shaking the plains of
Virginia, eager to transfer the horrors of war
to the Potomac and Ohio—eager to involve my
neighbors and friends and kinsmen in the carnage
and desolation which they ought to suffer them-
selves.
Mr. President, I find in the rich and classic
pages of Mr. Burke a passage so much in point
that I am sure the Senate will pardon me for sub-
stituting it m the stead of any further remarks of
my own on this topic. It is from one of his let-
ters " On a Regicide Peace." The great states-
man had been classifying the people of Great
Britain and Scotland. Among them he supposed
there were four hundred thousand "political citi-
zens." Of these, he places one fifth, or about
eighty thousand, on one side, and the residue on
the other. Of the character of the minority he
says: " On these no reason, no argument, no ex-
ample, no venerable authority, could have the
slightest influence;" and then, to show the power
and influence of such a minority, he proceeds:
" This minority is great and formidable. I do not know
whether if 1 aimed at the total overthrow of a kingdom,
I should wish to be incumbered with a larger body of paiti-
sans. They arc more easily disciplined and diiected than
if the number were greater. These, by their spirit of in-
tiigue, and by their restless, agitating activity, are of a force
far superior to their numbers, and if times grew the least
critical, have the means of debauching or intimidating many
of those who aie now sound, as well as of adding to their
force large bodies of the more passive part of the nation.
This minority is numerous enough to make a mighty cry
for peace, or for war, or for any object they are led vehe-
mently to desire. By passing from place to place, with a
velocity incredible, and diveisifying their character and
description,they ai e capable of mimieing the general voice.
Wc must not always judge of the genciahty of the opinion
by the noise of the acclamation.
"The majority, the other four fifths, is perfectly sound,
and of the best po?->iblc deposition to lehgiou, to govern-
ment, to the true and undivided interest of their countiy.
Such men arc generally disposed to peace. Thev who are
in possession oi all they wi^li are languid and improvident.
With this fault (and I admit its existence in alt its extent)
they would not endure to hear of a peace that led to the
ruin of everything for which peace is dear to them. How-
ever, the desire of peace is essentially the weak side of
that kind of men. All men that are ruined, are ruined on
the side of their natural piopensiUes. There thev are un-
guarded. Above all, good men do not suspect that their
destruction K attempted through their virtues. This their
enemies are peifectly aware ol; and accoidmgly they, the
most tutbulent of mankind, who never make a scruple to
shake the tianquiihty of then countiy to ius center, iai&e a
continual cry for peace with Franco ; ppace with icgieides,
and war with the lestof the world is their motto. From
the beginning, and even while the Fiench gave the blows,
and we hardly opposed the vis inertia to their efforts, from
that day to this hour, like importunate guinea fowls crying
one note day arid night, they have called for peace."
Mr. President, there is more than one applica-
tion to be made of this eloquent extract. It not
only illustrates the powerof an active, unscrupu-
lous minority, but it also aptly describes a party m
our own midst who are eternally clamoring for
" peace, peace," when " there is no peace."
Such, sir, are my apprehensions of the purposes
of this great rebellion. It is not only treason
against the Union and the Constitution, it is trea-
son against universal liberty. And it was for
these reasons that I have said we were here to-day
in the last intrenchments of liberty, fighting her
last battle. And if she perish in the conflict she
will sink into a grave from which there will be no
resurrection. Shall we conquer? Shall the Amer-
ican people prove themselves worthy of the posi-
tion in which God and his providence have placed
them? What is our response to the demands which
the friends of political freedom are making upon
us from the uttermost parts of the earth ? Is it
possible that we have been elevated to this amaz-
ing height of national power and glory only that
our fall shall be the more fatal and disastrous?
Sir, we have no cause of despondency. Twenty
millions of loyal people struggling in such a cause
as this must prevail; and besides, God reigns.
Let the enemies of our Ameiioan liberty remem-
ber that. Let its friends remember it. Let us
cherish the blessed truth. And let us be assured
that if we are true to ourselves and to the voice
of duty which calls us—which is the voice of God
—the sameprovidential hand which led our fathers
to victory and freedom will guide us still, until our
mission is completed in the diffusion and estab-
lishment of civil, political, and religious liberty
throughout the world.
Our enemies will be foiled. They wish our
overthrow. They confidently predict it; but Jet
me say to them, as the bard said to traitors in
another land:
« Pond, impious man. thinkest thou yon sanguine cloud,
liaised by thy power, eau quench t'ie orb of day ?
To-morrow he repairs his golden flood,
And glads the nations with redoubled ray."
Sir, I think the cloud is already breaking. Its
fury in the Northwest hts been spent on my own
native hills. There we see, at least, one spot of
blue sky; and that" morrow's sun," soon to pour
his cheering light upon our land again, when the
"morrow" comes, is tinging the skirts of the
receding tempest, and to the eye of the patriot's
hope is penciling there the bow of promise and
of peace, a new covenant^ of God for all ages to
come, of union, prosperity, and constitutional
liberty.
Sir, this Union cannot be dissolved. Nature
and Providence forbid it. Our rivers and lakes
and mountains and the whole geographical con-
formation of the country rebuke the treason that
would sever them. Our diversities of climate and
soil and staple production do but make each sec-
tion necessary to the other. Science and art have
annihilated distance, and brought the whole fam-
ily of States into close propinquity and constant
and easy intercourse. We are one people in lan-
guage, in law, in religion, and destiny. "Whom
God hath joined together, let not man put asun-
der. " The past is glorious—the future shall be
sublime.
" No pent-up Utica contracts our powers;
But the whole boundless continent is outs."
EXPULSION OF A SENATOR.
SPEECH OP HON. M. S. LATHAM,
OF CALIFORNIA,
In the Senate, January 27, 1862.
The Senate having under consideration the resolution
of Mr. Wilkinson to expel from the body Hon. Jesse D.
Bright, of Indiana-
Mr. LATHAM said:
Mr. President: During the two years that I
have been a member of this body, upon only two
occasions have I occupied the attention of the Sen-
ate on any subject that did not relate immediately
to the constituency which I here represent. The
duties of a representative of a new State are suf-
ficiently arduous in themselves to occupy quite
as much of legislative time as belongs to him. I
have always endeavored to follow the advice which
I recollect to have read of Cato the Younger, who,
when told by one of his friends, " Cato, the world
finds fault with your silence," replied, "I shall
begin to speak when I have things to say that
deserve to be known." I should preserve my
silence upon this occasion, as I have heretofore
done, if I did not believe that now, at the close of
this debate, there were facts and things which
should be brought to the attention of this body,
before it acts upon so grave and serious a matter
as the expulsion of one of its number.
We seem, sir, to be occupied more with the
present than is consistent with a remembrance of
thepast;to be actuated byimpulses which are now
living and moving within our hearts in the great
national struggle in which we are engaged, rather
than to be possessed of a'recollection of the con-
dition of this body, and of the country, when the
offense charged upon the Senator from Indiana
was committed.
"We live, sir, in strange times—times, I venture
to say, of which no man in this body, however
gifted he may be with superior intelligence and
knowledge, can foresee the final result. It is an
era of revolution; and what accompanies all rev-
olution, there is broadcast a spirit of distrust and
of suspicion, a necessary concomitant, as it were,
of all great upheavings in political and social or-
ganizations. Friend suspects friend, and neigh-
bor suspects neighbor. Distrust enters the fire-
side; yes, even into the sanctuary of "Him who
rides upon the storm." I had hoped, and I will
still believe, that at least in this body—tho most
conservative known to our Constitution and laws,
more sacredly guarded than any other branch of
our Government—we can act without prejudice,
passion, or an undue influence of thesuspt<nonof
