1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2517
Strike out line two hundred and fifty-three, as follows:
"on wine, made of grapes, five cents per gallon."
Mr. HOWE. I wish that to be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be 1 ^served for a separate vote.
Mr. MoDOUGALL. That is not to be re-
served, because it was not an amendment made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was stricken
our. in committee, and is therefore before the
Senate.
Mr. McDOUGA.LL. I understood otherwise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary in-
forms the Chair that the amendment was agreed
to to strike out the words. The amendment wiil
be reserved.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments, as follows:
On page 93, strike out lines two hundred and fifty-six
and two bundled and fifty-seven in the words," on furs of
all descriptions, when made up or manufactuied, three per
cent, ad valorem.-'
On page 96, after the word " materials," in line two hun-
dred and fifty-nine, insert " before the same has been dyed,
punted, bleached, or prepared in any other manner;" and
ft our hues two hundred and sixty-two to two hundred and.
sixty-si y stuke out the woids, " when the cloth is sold or
delivered exclu-ively for dyeing, punting, bleaching, or to
be finished and piepared in any other manner, the duty shall
be assessed on the article so finished and prepared tor use or
consumption, and and in line two hundred and seventy-
tlnee, alter the word ''felted," strike out "when finished
fot sale.so as to make the clause read, " on cloth and all
texiile or knitted or foiled fabrics of cofton, wool, or other
mateiials, before the same has been dyed, printed, bleached,
or prepared in any other manner, a duty ot three per cent.
ad. ualojcm: Piovided, That thread or jam manufactured
and sold or delivered exclusively for knitted fabric?, or foi
weaving, when the spinning and weavingfor the manufac-
ture of cloth of any kind i& carried on separately, shall not
be icgarded as manufactuies within the meaning ot this
act; but all fabnc- of cotton, wool, or other mateual,
whether woven, knit, or felted, Miall be regaidcd as inanu-
factuicsj and be subject to tiie duty, a  above, of three per
cent, ad valorem "
Stiike out from line two hundred and seventy-nine to
three hundred and one.
Mr. CARLILE. Is that the amendment strik-
ing out the proposed tax on cotton?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CARLILE. I want a separate vote on
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reserved
for a separate vote.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendmen ts:
On page 93, lino three hundred and eight, after " ad valo-
remmseit: Piovided, That on all clothe dyed, piinted-
bieached, manufactured into other fabiies, or nthei wise pre-
pared, on which a duty or tax shall have been paid beioic
tiie siuue wete *o dyed*, punted, bleached, manufactured, or
prepared, the said duty or tax of three per ccnt. shall be as-
sessed onl\ upon the inciea-ed value, thereof: Jlndprovided
t further, On all oil-dressed leather or deer skin-, diessed or
smoked, inanufaetmed into glove-*, mittens, or othei aitieles
on which aduty oi tax shall have been paid before the >atne
were so manufactuied, the"said duty or tax of three per
cent, shnll be assessed only upon the increased valuation
theieof."
On pace 98, line tluee hundred and thirty, after the word
" loops,,J strike out "the repair or reioihng of raihoad
iron."
On pnge 99, hue three huridied and thnty-seven, aftei the
word " hi ick," inseit "lime, Roman cement,diammg tile/'
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not" alcohol"inserted
after (i burning fluid ?"
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
was moved, but withdrawn by the Senator who
proposed it.
Mr. HOWE. It was suggested that that was
not the proper time to move the amendment. I
sh<.tU move it hereafter.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments, as follows:
On page 99, afterline thiee hundiedand forty-one, insert,
" And provided further. That whenever, by the provisions
of tins bill, a duty is imposed upon any aiticle removed for
consumption or sale, it s>hall apply only to such articles as
are manufactuied on or aftei the 1st day of July, 186-2, ex-
cept in eases wheie a duty specifically as&essed upon
articles manufactured priot to that date."
On page 99, se< non seventy-two, hue two, stiike out
" Mav^'and nisei t July ;"in line lorn,after the woui "auc-
tion," insert not," and aftei the woid "including"stake
out " all;" and in line live, stuke out " tenth of oneso
as to read, " one per cent."
Mr. SUMNER. That I wish to be reserved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reserved.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to offer an
amendment to that, putting the duty on auction
sules at one half of one per cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It being reserved
for a separate vote, it can be amended when it
shall be reached.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to keep it atone
tenth of one per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next amendment is
connected with that, and should be kept with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reserved.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments:
On page 100, "petion seventy-two. line twenty-one, after
the word " act," strike out, u Provided, That no duty shall
be required to be paid undei this section upon any sales not
included in the provisions of the second subdivision of sec-
tion sixty of this act;" and in lieu thereof insert, "Pro-
vided, That no duty shall be levied under the piovisions of
this section upon any sales for which no license is required
by law."
"Strikeout section seventy-three: " Carriages, watches,
piano foites, billiard tables, and plate" 
Mr. HOWE. 1 ask a separate vote on that
whole section. It need not be read now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reserved
for a separate vote.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments:
On page 102, section seventy-four, line two, strike out
" May"and insert" July j" in line seven, strike out*' fifty"
and mseit " thirty;" so as to read, "on all horned cattle
exceeding eighteen months old, slaughtered for sale, thirty
cents per head."
After line seven insert, "on all calves and cattle under
eighteen months old, five cents pei head."
After line ten inseit, "when the numbei thus slaugh-
tered exceeds twenty in any one year ;" so as to make the
clause read, " on all hogs exceeding six months old, slaugh-
teicd for sale, when the number thus slaughtered exceeds
twenty in any one year, ton cents per head."
In line twelve, after the word " sheep," strike out" ex-
ceeding six monthd old," so as to lead, "on all sheep
slaughtered foi sale, five cents pei head."
Ou page 103, section seventy-five, line, five, after the word
" cattle" insert " calvesin line eight, after " cattle" in-
sert "calves;'" in line twenty-fom, after " cattle" insert
"calves;" and in line twenty-nine, after " cattle" insert
" calves."
Strike ouf section seventy-six, of the ouginal bill, fiom
puge 104 to 108, and in lieu thereof insert, "that on and
after the 1-tday of July, la62, any person oi persons, firms,
companies or corporations, ow nmg or possessing, or having
the care or management ot any railroad oi railroads upon
which steam is used as a propelling power, or of any steam-
boat oi other vessel piopelled by steam power, shall be sub-
ject to and pay aduty ot three per cent, on the gioss amount
of all the leeeipts of such lailioad oi laihoads or steam ves-
sels, for the tian-poitation of passengeis over and upon the
same; and any pei son or peison®, firms, companies, oi eor-
poiations, owning or possessing, oi havingtiie caie oi man-
agement of any lailroad or railroads, using any other power
than steam thereon, or owning, possessing, or having the
care or management of any feirj boat, or vessel used as a
feny boat, propelled by steam oi horse powei, shall be sub-
ject to and pay a duty of one and one half per cent, upon
the gioss leeeipts of such raihoads, steamboats, vessels, or
feity boats, respectively, for the transposition oi passen-
gers over and upon said lailroads, steamboats, vessel:-, and
leuy boats, ie-pectively ; and any person oi persons,firms,
companies, or cotpoiations,owning, posse—mg, or having
the eaie or management ot any bridge authorised by law to
receive toll for the tiansil ot passenger, beasts, eattiages,
teams, and freight of any descnption over such budge, shall
be subject to and pay a duty of tluee per cent, ou the gio-s^
amount of all their leeeipts foi pus-ongeid and freight of
eveiy (Jcsciiption. And the owner, possessor, or pei son or
person-, having the care and management of any such rail-
load, steamboat, teny boat, or other vessel or bridge, as
aforesaid, shall, within five days after the cud of each and
every month, commencing as hereinbefore mentioned,
make a list or letuin to the assistant n-se.s-or of the district
within which such owner, possessor, company, oi eoipo-
lation may have his or its place of business,or wheie any
such railroad, steamboat, ieiry boat, ot bridge b located or
belongs, ie-peetively, stating the gioss amount ot sueh re-
ceipt* tor the month next pujeeding. which leturu shall be
verified by the oatii or affirmation of such owner, possess-
or, manauei, agent, or othei pioper olficer, in the manner
and foi m piesuibcd from tune to time by the Cornim.—lonei
of internal Revenue, andshall also, monthly,at the tmieof
making sueh letuin, paymihe eollectoi oi deputy collector
oi the distuctrlie lull amount of duties which have ueeuiLd
ou such leeeipts for the month aforesaid ; and m ease ot
neglect oi reiusal to make -aid lists or letuin foi the space
of live days alter such return -hould be madc,asafore-aid,
the assessor oi as-i-tant as-e-sor -hall pioceed to estimate
the amount received, and the duties payable theieon, as
heieinbefore piovided in othei eases of delinquency to
make letuin for puiposes of asses-meut; and foi the pur-
pose of making such assessment, or ot a-ceitaiumg the coi-
lectne-ss ot any sueh return, tin' books ot any such person,
company, oi eorpoiation, shall be subject to the inspection
of the assessor or assistant assessor, on hi- demand oi re-
quest therefor; and in ease of neglect or refusal to pay the
duties, as afoie-aid, when the tame have been ascertained,
as afoiesaid, foi the space of hve days attei the same shall
have become payable, the ownei. po-so^or, oi person hav-
ing the management, as aforesaid, shall pay, in addition,
five p<r cent, on the amount of such duties; and lor any
attempt, know n.gly, to evade the payment of such duties,
the said ownei, pos-e-soi, oi person havinsr the care or
management, a- afoiesaid. shall he liable to pay a penalty ot
&1.000 for eveiy such attempt, to be recovered as piovided
in this act foi tin- lecovei) of penalties; and all provisions
of this act, in t elation to hen- and collections by distiaint,
not incompatible herewith, shall apply w this section anu
the objects theieni embraced- Piovided, That ad such per-
sons, companies, and corporations shall have the light to
add the duty or tax imposed heieby to theii rates oi tare
whenever their liability thereto may commence, any limita-
tions which may exist by law or by agreement, with any
person or company which may have paid or beliable to pay
sueh fare to the contiary notwithstanding.
On page ill, section seventy-seven, line two, strike out
"May" and insert "July;" line twenty-one, strike out
" May" and in§£it" July."
On page 113, section seventy-eight, line two, strike out
" May" and insert "July."
On the same page, line four, strike out " and savings in-
stitutions."
Mr. HARRIS. I think that had better be re-
served for a separate vote; the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer,] who moved the amend-
ment, wants to modify it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reserved
for a separate vote.
The Secretary proceeded -with the reading of the
amendments:
On page 114, section seventy-eight, in lines thirteen and
fourteen, strike out " and on all sums added to their surplus
or contingent fund;" and in line twenty-two strike out
"i^Tay" and insert "July."
On page 116,stuke out section eighty, after the enacting
clause, and in lieu thereofineei t: "that on the 1st day of Oc-
tober, A. D. 1863, and on the first day ofcach quarter ofayear
thereafter, there shall be paid by each insurance company,
whether inland or marine, and by each individual or asso-
ciation engaged in the business of insurance from loss or
damage by fire, or by the perils of the sea, or for life insur-
ance, the duty of tinec per cent, upon the gross receipts
for premiums and assessments by such individual associa-
tion or company during the quarter then preceding; and
like duty shall be paid bv the agent of any foreign insurance
company having an ollice or doing business within the
United States."
Mr. SUMNER. There is a question on that
amendment which I wish to have reserved, one
that was raised in committee, to rcduce the three
per cent, to one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reserved for a separate vote.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments, namely:
On page 117, section eighty-one, in lines one and two,
strike out "a quartetly " before " account," and insert "on
the 1st day of Ootobei next and on the fust day of each
qnaiter then'after, on ;" in line twelve, after " the," insert
"gross amount icceived and the."
On page 119, section eighty-two, line two, strike out
"May" and in«eit " July.'"
On page 1-20, mseit asa new section after section eighty-
two :
Si:c. —. Jlnd he it further euacfcd, That for every pass-
pot r issued fiom the ollice of the Secietary of State, after
the 30th day of June, 1863, thcie shall be paid the sum of
thice dollars; which amount may be paid to any collector
appointed under this act, and his receipt therefor shall be
foi warded with the application for such passpoit to the
office ol the tfecietary of Stiue, or any agent appointed by
him. And the collectois shall account for all money- ic-
ceived for passpoits in the manner hereinbefore provided.
And a like amount shall be paid for eveiy passpoit issued
by any minister or con-nl ot the United States who shall
account therefor to the Tiea-tny.
On page 120, section eighty-three, in line two, strike out
" May" and in-eit " July."
On page 12;i,in line seven of section eighty-foui, after
" foity-nine," in-eit " except so much thereof as relates to
the selection and appointment of depositories."
On page 12J, in line nine of section eighty-five, after
" dollar^," insert " and do not exceed the sum of $10,OIK);"
so a- to make the clause read, " if such annual gains, prof-
its, or income exceed the sum of $600 and do not exceed
the sum of #10.000, a duty of three per cent, on the amount
ofdieh annual gains, piofits, oi income over and above the
said sum of $600."
After the word " dollars,''in line elevenof the same sec-
tion, insert " if-aid income exceeds the «ums of $.10,000
and does not exceed the sum of $50,000, a duty of five per
cent, upon the amount theieof exceeding $600; and upon
all incomes exceeding $50,000, a duty ot seven and a halt
per cent upon the excess over .^OO."
On page 12-1, section eighty-six, line five, after the word
'• income,"insert11 ot any such poweiin line seven, after
££ income," in-ei t " of such person ;" in line thirteen, after
" Congiess," inseit '• above $600."
In lines fourteen and fifteen ot the same section strike
out the wotds '• oi savings institution."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those words should not
come out unless they do ill the other place; and
therefore this amendment had better be reserved
with that. ... '
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reserved
for a separate vote.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading of the
amendments, namely:
On na<'e 124, m line fifteen of section eighty-six, after the
woid ^telegraph," mseit " steamboat, feiry boat, or rail-
road;" m hue sixteen, after the word "or5 and before
-eorpoiation," insert u otherand in line nineteen, after
"telegraph," inseit "steamboat, feiry boat."
On page 195, in line two of scetion eighty-nine, strikeout
"Mav" and mseit" July."
On"paS(l 131, in line thiity-two of section ninety-three,
aftei the word " theieof," m-ert " loifeit the said counter-
feited stamps and the aiticles upon which they are placed,
and." ♦
On pa«e 131, m line four, of section ninty-four, after the
woui '• piovided,'5 strike out k* for m section one hundred
and throe of this act;" m lines twelve and thirteen, strike out
"manufacturer or manufacturers," and insert "proprietor or
