18G2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
fore the Senate the other day I concurred fully
with the Senator from Vermont, and indeed sug-
gested such an amendment to those around me;
but I thought my colleague fully answered me on
that occasion. He stated that, in a formal com-
munication coming here and read at the desk, it
would be difficult for the Executive to convey a
wish for an executive session without giving the
reasons for the wish, and that might defeat the
object of a secret session.
'Mr. COLLAMER. How?
Mr. SHERMAN. The very reasons for the
secret session might disclose that which he did not
wish to disclose, and to preserve which the secret
session is called. My colleague said there could
be no invidious objection because a Senator would
rise in his place and state that the Piesident de-
siied, for certain reasons, an executive session,
and then those reasons would be stated. I do not
think there can be any practical difficulty in the
way. The. objection made by the Senator from
Vermontoccurred to meat the outset, butl thought
it was fully answered by my colleague, on the
ground that if you required a formal communica-
tion to the Presiding Officer, that formal commu-
nication would necessarily state the reasons for a
secret session, and that might disclose the very
thing they wished kept secret. I think, therefore,
it would be better to have the communication in
the form of a statement by a member that a secret
session is necessary.
Mr. COLLAMER. How would the commu-
nication disclose the reasons if it is sent in writing ?
Mr. SHERMAN. You mean that the message
shall not be read ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly not. I suppose
the Presiding Officer would suggest to the body
that he had before him such a request.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not have the slight-
est objection to that. I simply desire that this
new rule shall be fiamed so as to avoid all the
complications possible.
Mr. WADE I very much prefer the resolu-
tion as it stands to that. One object I had in view
was to make a very easy and familiar commu-
nication between the legislative and executive
branches of the Government. I saw no reason
why it should not be so; and itoccurred to me,if
any reason existed in the mind of the Executive
why we should go into secret session, that by a
conversation he could have with some member of
the Senate .or the House of Representatives on the
subject, we should get into the spirit of what he
wanted, and he would be better able to explain it
than by a formal communication to our Presiding
Officer. I could see no want of dignity in the pro-
ceeding; for it seemed to me any member of either
the House or the Senate was an agent sufficiently
trustworthy to communicate this information to
the body. I should piefer it in the shape in which
I introduced it, rather than havg it amended in
the way proposed by the Senator from Vermont;
but still it is not a decisive point at. all. I hop's
however, it will be retained in its present condi-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not mean to suggest
that that would be decisive with me at all in the
way he supposes. Those who occupied a position
of tins kind would probably be the better judges
about it; but it seemed to me to be more dclicatc
to have it the other way. Still, if gentlemen think
otherwise, I give it up. It is a mere question of
taste. I will withdraw that, as gentlemen all
around me seem to be against it.
I have another suggestion to make in regard to
that clause of the substitute proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] which requires
a final vote to be taken on the subject before ad-
journment, unless two thirds order otherwise,
'riie idea that a subject can be laid on the table by
a inajoiity, and that that disposes of it, 1 appre-
hend has been brought here by the Senator irom
Ohio from the other House. Laying a matter on
the table disposes of it there; bur it does notdoso
here. We can take it up afterwards at any time
by a mere vote of the Senate. In the House, by
their rules, they cannot get a chance to make that
motion, and therefore it is an effective disposition
of the subject. Here it is not so at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow me, I
will state that, on consultation with my colleague,
I find then.1 is no objection to stiikmg out the
clause relating to a two-third vote. I have none
myself, and I understand my colleague has not.
Mr. WADE. None at all. I am willing that
the majority shall rule.
Mr. COLLAMER. How will it be then?
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it will allow a ma-
jority to decide whether they shall adjourn with-
out coming to a final vote, instead of requiring
two thirds. I have no objection to striking out
those words. That will allow the majority to
control the whole subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is of exceeding im-
portance to my mind. 1 cannot agree to make a
rule by which we shall declare ourselves in secret
session on a particular topic, and that then we can-
not adjourn without disposing of it. I am un-
willing to submit to anything of that kind. In
my opinion there is nothing in the state of the
war to require it. If the gentleman strikes out
the words requiring a two-third vote, it will stand
subject to the will of the majority of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a proposition to
amend the amendment by striking out the clause
requiting a two-third vote.
Mr WADE. I understand my colleague mod-
ified his amendment in that respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. 1 wish to strike
out the words, £< unless two thirds of the mem-
bers present otherwise, order."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How would the last
clause now read? Let it be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
If decided in the affirmative, debate shall be confined to
the subject-matter, and be limited to five minutes by any
membei, and the final vote shall be taken before adjourn-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to strike out also
the words, "and#the final vote shall be taken
before adjournment."
Mr. WADE. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Now let the
whole of the last clause be read.
The Secretary read, as follows :
If decided in the affirmative, debate shall be confined to
the subjcct-matter, and be limited to five minutes, by any
member: Provided, 'J'hat any member shall be allowed five
minutes to explain oi oppose any pntinfnt amendment:
•find provided, Thai this t uie shall not ailed the opeiation
of the pieviouti question in tile House of Ilepiesentativcs.
Mr. SUMNER. The amendment, as proposed
by the Senator from Ohio, meets an objection
which I made the other day to the proposition as
! originally brought forward by his colleague [Mr.
Wade.] On that gtound, theiefoie, I have no ob-
jection to it; but 1 must say I do hesitate to sanc-
tion among the lules of the Sena'" a limitation of
debate to five minutes—not that 1 care myself to
trench upon that, I am perfectly willing to take
my chance with the lest of my associates in this
body m that respect; butl have my doubts whether
it is expedient that such a rule should take us
place among our rules. It never has found a place
there heretofore. There have been such rules in
the other Chamber, but theie never have been
such in the Senate. I have my doubts whether it
is advisable now for us to begin in that direction.
It is something in the nature of a previous ques-
tion, not precisely a previous question, but it is a
limitation of debate, and this body has from the
beginning always set itself against all such limita-
tion, and opened the way for the largest discussion
possible.
Sir, if I saw any specific good surely to be ac-
complished by such a limitation; if I saw at this
moment any exigency so peculiar, so transcend-
ent, if I may so say, as to make such a limitation
expedient, I certainly should be one of the last to
hesitate; but I believe that our experience in this
| body, particulaily in seciet session, shows that
| no such limitation is needed; and that if any mat-
i tcr such as is supposed to be referred to by this
j rule should be submitted in seeret session, it would
1 be discussed directly, plainly, briefly, in a patri-
; otic spirit, and that the debate need not be curtailed
by a limitation laid down in advance. On that
I ground I must say that I prefer the proposition
, as it was adopted the other day. It seems to me
that that does meet all the requirements of the
i present ease, and that when the Senator from Ohio
I goes further, and ingrafts this limitation upon our
debate, he takes a step in a questionable direction
without any sufficient occasion for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having exphed, the special order ofthe.day is now
before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that, by general con-
sent, this subject may be continued until it is dis-
posed of.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to address the
Senate on the special order; but I have no objec-
tion to the Senate going through with thismauer.
Mr. SUMNER. I have nothing further to say.
My object has been merely to state what seems
to me to be the precise objection to the proposition
of the Senator from Ohio', and then to leave it with
the Senate. It seems to me that the proposition
as it was left the other day is the better one. It
contains substantially all that is required. It en-
ables the Senate to go into secret session, and then,
without any previous limitation of debate, it leaves
the subject to the patriotic care of the body.
Mr. HALE. If there is anything in this reso-
lution which commends itself to my judgment, it
is this provision that the Senator from Massachu-
setts has found fault with. If there is anything
that the exigency of the time requires, 1 think ft
is that. It has not been my experience or my ob-
servation, since I have been in the Senate, that
executive sessions were any more favored with
short speeches than open ones. I remember since
I have been a member of this body that one mem-
ber in executive session had the floor and kept it
for something like three weeks, and that afterward
the columns of the National Intelligencer were
filled with a,report of that speech, which occupied
some three weeks in delivery. [Laughter.] Oliver
Cromwell, when he, with his Roundheads and
Puritans, was fighting the battles of the Lord
against the Cavaliers, found it necessary, to con-
vince the people of England of their sincerity",
that they should take upon themselves a self-
denying ordinance. I think this rule would be
good in that view, if in nothing else, and 1 think
it would do for the chastening of my brother Sum-
ner; and his polished and burning shafts would
be more polished and more concentrated if brought
down to five minutes than they are when spun
out. [Laughter.] I think if we strike that clause
out, we might just as well give up the rule. The
time wants action, and not talk. I hope the live
minutes rule will be saved if everything else is lost.
Mr COLLAMER. I am desirous, if this reso-
lution passes, that it shall be absolutely effective
to all its intended and legitimate purposes, and
therefore I desire to amend the expression in re-
lation to the punishment for publishing the pro-
ceedings of a secret session.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair may
be allowed to state, the question has not been
taken on the amendment yet. Then the Sena-
tor's motion will be in order. The question now
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio as a substitute for the first clause of the
resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that vote is taken I
should like to have the original resolution as" it
stands read, so that the Senate can see precisely
what they set aside in comparison with what they
adopt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the words to be stricken out, and then the
words to be inserted.
The Seci etary read the amendment, to strike out
all after the word "when," in the third line of
the original resolution, in the following words:
During the present rebellion, any member of the Senate
or Ilouae oi Ilepiesentatives shall rise in his place and state
that the Executive desire? immediate action of Congress
upon any matter pertaining to the suppression of the pres-
ent rebellion, then, on a motion made and seconded to .*hut
the dooi>, the Piesident ot the Senate or the Speaker of the
Ilouae of Representatives, as the ease may be, shall direct
the galleiv to be cleaied ; and when the doors are shut,af-
tei hearing the statement by the member of the reasons why
a seciet session is desired, and, if any one objects, hearing
one membei m reply, the question shall be determined
without further debate ; and should the proceedings in te-
ciet se««ion be oidered, then the considnation of the mat-
ter in question shall be proceeded with to tke exclusion of
all other business until such matter is disposed of,
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Dnrins: the pie^-ent rebellion, any member of the Senate
or lloiir-e ot Ilepiesentatives* shall use in his place and state
that the PieMdent desires the immediate action of Confess
upon any mea?ure pertaining to the suppression ot the pres-
ent rebellion, the galleiie-- of the House inWhich the state-
ment w made shall be immediately eleaied, and after sucn
member shall state tine action desired by the President, mm
