1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
those who abandoned it, and fled to other States !
to fight against the Union. How different is such
a bill, and how harmless compared with the lad-
ioal measuie which has so alarmed the Senator
from Pennsylvania that lie declared its passage
would do what treason could not, that " we our-
selves will then have dissolved the Union!" What
makes the course of some Senators who have
spoken against this measure the more remarkable
is the fact that two of them, at least, the Senator
from Pennsylvania and my colleague, after de-
nouncing the confiscation of rebel property to a
limited extent, under an act of Congress, as some-
thing monstrous and horrible, before concluding
their speeches, both avow themselves in certain
contingencies not only in favor of the confiscation
or destruction of the property of rebels, but of
arming their negroes to fightagainst them. Their
trouble seems to be, lest confiscation should be
regulated by law, and not left, as they insist it
ought to be, to the arbitrary discretion of the Ex-
ecutive. That I may not do in justice to any one
I will read a few paragraphs from the speech of
my colleague on this bill. He said:
uThe Inexpediency of this bill is as manifest as its un-
constitutionality. Let it pass, and its piovistons be het aided
in advance of the Army as it marches South, and what other
effect can it have than to consolidate the entire people for
one la3t despairing stiuggle against those whom they might
then justly legai'd as enemies and oppressors instead of
friends and benefactors? What possible inducement could
they have to prefer submission to death? For one, I do not
wish to waste the fortunes and devastate the homes of all.
Leave something to make the guardianship of Government
and the protection of law desirable."
In a subsequent portion of his speech my col-
league said:
" The Government lias tlie right and power, ami ought
to cxercir-o them, to seize ami confiscate all the piopeity,
of every character, includinc t-laves, of those in armed re-
bellion agarn-t the Government, or who may give aid and
comfort to tho>c in arms, so tar as such piopetty may come
within the roach of our Annv,and so fat as its seizure and
confiscation may have any relation to the end and object
of the war, and may tend to cripple and subdue the enemy
or strengthen us, and promote the success of out- arms; ami
it is the duty of the Government to exercise this ught, and
to apply such property to the uses to which it is best adapted
to aid in the successful prosecution of the wai, in defraying
it.- expenses and lightening its burdens on loyal citizens.
To accomplish this, neither legislation nor adjudication
is nccessaiy. The power i* a war powei—the right is a
belligerent right. These principle-*arc us applicable to slaves
as to other property, and no officer should be pei mitted to
• us.e the torees under hi-soommawl in repelling lugitives tiom
the lines, or 111 arresting and tetiiining them to icbel mas-
ter,; but they should be received, and used in whatever
way thev could be made most available and efficient in the
piosecutiou of the war; and if any come, whose services
cannot hi- made available, let them pa-s thiough the line-,
and shift fur themselves. The Aimy is not bound to take
Cine of litem, and cannot have them as camp follower, to
be provided lor at the e.xpense ot the Government. Ail wiio
can be advantageous!) used should be used. Let them do
the drudgery and labor which would otheiwir-e devolve on
our soldiers. Let them open roads, build budges, dig ditches
and trcnehch, eicct fortifications, and do labor of every
kind which may he needed by a large army; and it need be
to save the Government from overthrow, the country from
ruin, and our homes from desolation, let them he iormed
into companies and regiments, and drilled and disciplined
and armed, to take their chances lor wounds and death in
the front of battle."
I do not read these passages for the purpose of
exposing the inconsistency of my colleague, for
it seems, after all, that it is not so much the con-
fiscation of rebel property that he is opposed to
as the manner in which it is done, he insisting
" that neither legislation nor adjudication" is ne-
cessary to accomplish the object; a position winch
I shall hereafter undertake to show is wholly un-
tenable. and at war with both the spirit and letter
of the Constitution. That the Constitution puts
the force of the nation into the President's hands,
"investing him with the war making power"
which he 'may direct and control as he pleases,
" and only restrained in so far by Congress in that
he must depend upon them to foot his bills and
authorize his levies," as insisted by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] I wholly deny.
There is no warrant in the Constitution for the
assumption of such powers by the Executive. So
far from it, the war-making power is, by the Con-
stitution, expressly vested m another department
of the Government, and,as I shall presently show,
the Supreme Court has decided that the power to
confiscate enemy property does not reside in the
Executive but m Congress, and nowhere else.
And yet, strange as it may seem, these advocates
of preiogative, who claim war powers for the Pres-
ident higher and above and beyond the Constitu-
tion, are alarmed beyond measure at the bare pro-
posal to enact a law whereby rebel property, to
a very limited extent, may be appropriated to the
expenses of the war.
As all the Senators who have spoken against
the bill have made the same class of objections,
I will reply to them somewhat in detail, though,
I must confess, without much hope ot gaining
their support to the measure, since they are evi-
dently hunting for objections, and would doubt-
less imagine others, if those already suggested
weie removed; for in their sympathy for rebels,
whom they style brethren, they have vastly mag-
nified the proportions of this bill, as has already
been shown; and I can only regard the claim of
power of confiscation in the President as a coun-
ter proposition to defeat this, for we all know that
the President does not pretend to exercise any
such power; that he, in fact, has rebuked a dis-
tinguished general for attempting to exercise it;
and I shall undertake to show before I conclude
that he could not constitutionally exercise such a
power if he would.
By way of meeting the objections to the pend-
ing bill, 1 will take up the speech of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] which em-
bodies most of them, and endeavor to show, as I
think I can, that they are all unfounded.
That I may not misstate his objections, I read
from his speech. He said:
u Congress cannot foifcit the property of lebels for longer
than their lives, by the enactment ot any law whatever,
for tho following reasons :
" 1. Those persons now m rebellion, having levied war
against the United States, are guilty ot treason within the
exact definition of that cinnc contained in the third scction
of the third aiticle of the Constitution, in which it is de-
clared that
"'Treason against the United States shall consist only
in levying war against them, or in adheung to their ene-
mies, giving them aid and comfoit.5
" Hence, it cannot be doubted but that as soon as the
rebels ate ariested and bi ought within the powci of any law
wc may pass, they become eo instants traitors, and obnox-
ious to*the punishment which is imposed by oui statute toi
treason." ***>-*
The second clause of that same section piovides further,
that
" c The Congress shall have power to declaie the punish-
ment ot ticason, but no attamdei of trca-onshall woikeor-
tuptlon of blood or iorteituie, except duung the hto ot the
person attainted.'
u Thetelbre arty law made for the guidance of thccouits
mibt conform to this provision, and noothei oi uieatoi pen-
alty could be imposed than ir would wairant. It, therefore,
the law was to enact an absolute torleituie ot the e«tate 
of the traitor, it would be bad foi the e\ee-s. and the judges
would bo obliged tomake the sentence eon ititutional, either
by cutting down the btututo'v penalty to a forfeiture of his
elates for life, or by omitting to foi  eit them at all. All this
seems to me so obvious as not to be doubted."
The answer to all this is to be found jn tho fact
that the bill does not propose to confiscate either
absolutely or for life the property of rebels who
are or can be arrested. If, therefore, it were ad-
mitted that it is not in the power of Congress to
forfeit, the property of rebels who are arrested and
convicted of treason for longer than their lives, it
could have no bearing upon this bill, for the simple
reason that this bill only aims to reach the prop-
erty of such rebels or traitors as arc beyond the
reach of judicial process, and can neither be ar-
rested, tried, or convicted for treason or any other
offense. Surely the piohibition against confis-
cating beyond life the property of the man who
is arrested and made to suffer in bis person for
his crimes cannot prevent the absolute confisca-
tion of the property of the criminal who is beyond
our reach, and cannot be arrested, but who has
left property within our jurisdiction, which we
can reach.
Suppose a foreigner were engaged in this re-
bellion against the Government, it is clear that
such a person, owing no allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, could not be convicted of treason; does
it therefore follow that his property within our
jurisdiction could not be confiscated? Or in case
of the rebellious citizen who flees beyond the juris-
diction of the country, is his offense to be considered
as beyond the reach of the Government, even to
forfeit his property within its territonal boundary?
It is manifest that the clause of the Constitution
limiting the punishment for treason can have no
more application to the confiscation of the property
of a person who cannot be arrested and tried for
treason than baa the punishment prescribed by
statute for murder to do with that for larceny.
The Senatorfrom Pennsylvania further objects
to the constitutionality of the bill—
•• J>eeause,
li 1. l y the fifth amendment to the Constitution, it is pro-
vided:
' No person shall boheldtoanswei for a capital or other-
wise infamous crime, unless on a presentment «r indict-
ment of a grand jury, except in eases arwug in the land or
naval forces, oi in the militia when in actual sci vjee, in tune
of war or public danger; nov "hall any person bo -abject,
for the same offense,"to be twice put in jeopardy of life or
limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be
a witness again&t himself, nor be deprived of life, libeily,
or propeity, without due proces-s of law ; nor fhall pnvate
piopeitybe taken for public use without just compensa-
tion.5
" Here it is attempted to depiive a lar«e class of pe sons
of all their estates and propem, without any arrest, with-
out any presentment by a grand juiv, without any trial by a
petit jury, without, indeed, any n ial at all in any court. This
would be to deptivo them of then piopcity in the very face
of the provision requiring that it shall only be done c b} due
process of law,' which all commentators and all lawyers
a^tee, means proceedings according to tiie course of the
common law."
ft will be observed that the fifth amendment
throws the same and even stronger safeguards
around the life and liberty of a person than around
his property, for the reason, doubtless, that life
and liberty are more valuable than property. If,
then, it is unconstitutional "to depuve a large class
of persons of all their estates and property with-
out any arrest, without any presentment by a
grand jury, withoutany trial by a petitjury, with-
out, indeed, any trial at all in any court," is it not
equally unconstitutional to deprive them of life or
liberty except by " due process of law?" Is it
then unconstitutional to shoot and take prisoners
the rebels on the battle-field? Are the patriotic
soldiers who do it murderers? Would the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania have a presentment by a
grand jury and a trial by a petitjury on the field
of battle of each person in the enemy's ranks who
was firing upon our soldiers, in order that he might
not be shot and deprived of life in the very face of
the provision requiring that it shall only be done
" by due process of law, which all commentators
and all lawyers agree means proceedings according
to the course of the common law ?" Is it not clear
that if v/e cannot take the property of our enemies
in war except " by due process of law," neither
can we take their lives in any other way ?
What is the answer to all this? How is it, in
the face of the fifth amendmen t, that Cong 1 ess may
provide for taking the lives and property ofiebels
without " due process of law?" The answer is
to be found in the grants of power m other pares
of the Constitution, which declare that Congress
shall have power " to declare war," and " makf
rules concerning captures on land and wateit i
raise and support arnnefe;"" to provide anil main-
tain a Navy; to make rules for the government
and regulation of the land and naval forces; to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, an^
repel invasions," and '' to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers." These pro-
visions of the Constitution do not mean that Con-
gross may raise armies and call forth the militia
to suppress insurrection <{ according to the course
of the common law," but to put it down by force
and violence. It is because the peace cannot be
preserved, the enemy overcome, and the rebellion
suppressed by proceedings according to the course
of the common law that the Army is called into
being, and when so called into being it opeiates,
notaccoiding to the course of the common law,
but according to the usage of armies engaged m war
in dealing with their enemies. Hence the author-
ity of the Army by violence to depiive an enemy
of life, liberty, and property in time of war is as
ample as that of the courts to depiive a person of
either by due process of law in time of peace, for
the reason that it is by force and violence that
armies overcome theireriemies; and when the Con-
stitution conferred on Congress the power to raise
and support armies,it conferred also, as incident
to that power, the authority to use them in the
manner that armies arc accustomed to operate.
The Senator from Pennsylvania and my col-
league further object that this bill is obnoxious to
the clause of the'Constitution which declares that
" no bill of attainder or ex pest facto law shall be
passed." The Senator from Pennsylvania ad-
mits that the bill is not within the letter of the
Constitution, but thinks it within its spirit. My
colleague, less liberal, and without, as I think, his
usual fairness and candor m the argument of a
question, disposes of the bill in a single sentence
by saying, " I believe it is not denied that this is
a bill of attainder within the meaning of tho Con-
stitution." la my colleague so unrhaiitahle as
to suppose I would advocate a measure which I
