1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
it a perfect army within itself. The Army is
now divided into divisions, generally consisting of
three brigades of infantry, one regiment of cav-
alry, and three batteries of artillery. That is the
general organization of the divisions. The object
of this bill is to organize each one of these divis-
ions so that it will be a complete and perfectarmy
within itself, to be ordered anywhere. I think the
objectagood one. Forthatpurpose,itcreatesan
assistant adjutant general of division, one quarter-
master, one commissary of subsistence, and one
assistant inspector general—being the creation of
four officers, with the rank of major. They have
in each brigade an assistant adjutant general, a
quartermaster with the rank of captain, and a com-
missary with the rank of captain. It is proposed
to give these officers in the divisions the rank of
major, so that the officers in the divisions will out-
rank and command officers in the brigades, as the
officers in the brigades outrank and command the
same officers in the regiments.
Then, sir, the bill proposes that there shall be
for these commanders of divisions, who are really
acting major generals whether they be major gen-
erals or not, three aids, one to bear the rank of
major, and two to bear the rank of captain, to be
appointed by the President, on the recommenda-
tion of the commander of the division, and the
appointment to cease upon the expiration of his
division command. It also provides for the ap-
pointmentof oncmedical director to bear the rank
of major, and to be assigned from the surgeons or
assistant surgeons of the regular Army or from
•the brigade surgeons of volunters. I take it there
is no trouble about that. Then the bill proceeds:
"The division commander may detail an officer of iiis
command, of the rank of captain, to act us judge advocate
of the division ; or a lieutenant of said command, upon the
recommendation of said commander, may he assigned hy
the Piesident to act as such division judge advocate, who
shall bear the rank of captain while so assigned. Said offi-
cers silmll teeeive the same pay and allowances no arc pro-
vided by law for officers of cavalry of corresponding rank."
The reason of that is that they must be in all
eases mounted men, in active service in the field.
Then the bill provides that the senior officer cf
artillery in each division shall act as the chief of
artillery of that division. I will state that In these
divisions they have generally three batteries, of
six picces, making eighteen pieces, two of these
batteries being volunteer batteries, and one of
tliem generally a regular A rmy battery. Of course
the officer of the regular Army generally outranks
the officers of the volunteers; and the object is to
put the artillery in each division under the com-
mand of the senior officer.
Mr. GRIMES. How many divisions are there?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator asks me how
many divisions we have in the Aimy. I am not
able to say; but I take it we have from thirty to
forty divisions. We have neaily twenty, I think,
in the army of the Potomac. As now organized,
a division generally consists of about thirteen
thousand men. Three brigades of infantry, three
batteries of artillery, and one regiment of cavalry
are generally a division of the Army. Perhaps
in the field, and in different movements, this may
be varied, but the army of the Potomac is organ-
ized on that plan. We have several of these divis-
ions lying in front of us over the river, organized
in that form. The object of this latter clause is to
put the artillery, consisting of eighteen pieces in
each division, under the general control of the
senior officer of the batteries, so that there will be
one directing mind to the artillery. I think the
object a good one, and of course it cannot cost
anything. The bill creates some new offices. It
creates four offices for each division of the Army,
and will make some additional expense; but it has
this effect: it makes each division of the Army of
the United States complete in itself, officered prop-
erly, and ready to be sent away anywhere, on
any expedition. That is the object of the bill.
I will say a single word in regard to this amend-
ment. The Senator from Iowa moves to repeal
the act of last year giving this authority to the
major generals of the regular Army to have these
stalf appointments made. Much has been said
in regard to these staff appointments. I believe
they have been carried to a great extent, perhaps
too far; but I would suggest to the Senator from
Iowa that while he repeals the act he had better
so confine it that the act shall be repealed for the
future, and not operate on the organization now
made, because nearly all the persons who have
been appointed under that act are either with Gen-
eral McClellan, General Wool, General Banks,
General Halleck, or General Bueli; they are in
the field; they are doing real duty. 1 do not wish
to have those officers interfered with, and I do not
want the act to be repealed so as to affect their
cases. I am willing that it shall be arrested for
the future, that these appointments shall not be
made hereafter; and I would suggest to the Sen-
ator to reach that point.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish I could repeal the luw
so as to reach some of the gentlemen who have
been appointed; but I cannot do it, and have not
attempted to doit by the amendment which I have
proposed. It leaves them exactly in the condi-
tion they are in now, if it should be adopted and
become a part of the act of Congress. It does
not interfere with them in the remotest degree.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.^KING. I move to amend by inserting
after the word (i President," in the thirteenth line
of the bill, the words " by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate;" and alsp after the
word " President," in the fifteenth line, by insert-
ing the same words, so as to require the advice
and consent of the Senate to these appointments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think, Mr. President,
that it would be quite as well to strike out some
of the provisions of this bill, and especially all the
provisions that provide for the appointment of
new officers. I do not like the mode proposed to
be adopted for reaching the evil, if there is an evil
arising from the want of officers, because it sub-
stitutes the discretion of the President entirely for
the discretion of Congress with reference to the
number of officers. I think it would be better to
provide in all cases, in organizing this new sys-
tem, if it may be so called, that tiie officers shall
be detailed from the officers of the A rmy already
appointed. I can'readiJy perceive what the answer
will be. The answer will be, very probably, that
there are not officers enough in the Army to ac-
complish the purpose. If not, the proper way to
reach it is to come to Congress for an increase of
the several corps, and let Congress judge whether
or not there are already officers enough in the
Army for these purposes. If not, certainly there
has been no want of willingness on the part of Con-
gress to provide by law for a sufficient increase of
the officers. As the bill stands now, however, the
matter is withdrawn entirely from the discretion
of Congress. It says that these officers shall be
detailed from the Army, if that is consistent with
the wants of the service, and if not, they shall be
appointed by the President. It will be readily
perceived that the result is precisely what I have
stated, that itsubstitutesthe discretion of thePres-
ident as to the increase of the number of officers
in the service for the discretion of Congress, which
ought to be exercised upon all these questions.
There has been a very great complaint of the in-
crease of officers; and we may easily understand
that the moment we pass a bill which authorizes
the President to increase the number of officers,
he is surrounded and overwhelmed with applica-
tions for appointments to the offices thus provided,
and it is very easy to conceive that his mind may
be influenced very much by the application made
to him, in deciding the question of the necessities
of the service.
I think it is not only our right, but our duty to
keep the control of that matter with regard to an
increase of the number of officers, and especially
of these ranks, within our own power; and, there-
fore, I suggest to the honorable chairman of the
Military Committee that it would be better to
strike out all the provisions of this bill which pro-
vide for an increase of the number of officers at the
discretion of the President, for so it is substan-
tially, and leave it in ah cases a matter to be set-
tled by Congress. Let the officers provided for in
the bill, if they are necessary, be detailed^fiom the
Army with the rank they have now, striking out
the provision for an increase ofrank. I think there
is a very great tendency, a very injurious tend-
ency, on the part of officers of the Army to have
an increase of rank. These bngnde quartermasters
and brigade commissaries hold a certain rank.
They hold the rank of captain. This bill provides
for a division quartermaster and a division com-
missary with an increased rank. I do not see the
necessity for it. It is only to accommodate the
wishes of gentlemen who desire to get more pay.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not all. No such
officer is known in any army of the world as a
division quartermaster.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume that is so". My
friend knows more about it than I do. I cannot
conceive the necessity for the office of division
quartermaster and division commissary. Every
regiment has a quartermaster; every brigade,'!
know, has a commissary, and every brigade hris
a quartermaster. What do you want to make so
many of them for? The answer is " symmetry."
Allow me to say that where symmetry costs the
people so much money, weha5better havealittle
less of it if we get as effective service. Why, in
every division, should you want exactly this or-
ganization, running down to the brigade and to
the regiment, at a large cost? It makes a very
large staff, in the first place, for the commanding
officer, then another large staff for the brigadier,
and then a large regimental staff. It is multiply-
ing offices beyond all necessity, in my judgment,
and merely for the purpose of carrying out the
military ideas of gentlemen who wish to have this
thing go on in this formal style. It strikes me
that a major general or a brigadier general in com-
mand of a division, if he is fit for his place, can
very easily regulate all these things when he has
officers enough under him, in point of number, to
accomplish all his purposes; and I really hope
that my friend—the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs—will sethis face against, now
and in future, and watch carefully this disposition
existing on the part of the Army, not only to mul-
tiply offices, but to increase rank, when those
who get that rank are mostly taken from civil life,
and get better pay probably than they could get
in any other way, or in any business they could
carry on.
These arc my objections to the bill, and I hope
it will be amended'to meet them, and to save us
the large sums of money which will be required
by this multiplication of offices.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say.
in reply to the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine, that I shall set my face against this increase
of rank, and these demands of the military men
of the country; that I have been compelled to set
my face against a great many demands that have
been made upon me. Knowing the sentiments
and feeling of the Senate in regard to the increase
of rank and increase of the number of officers, I
assure the Senator from Maine, that so far as I
could do it, I have resisted the creation of new
positions and the increase of rank wherever I
thought I could do it without injuring the public
service. I may have erred in judgment in that
matter; at any rate I have gone further in the di-
rection of increasing their number and increasing
their rank than Senators have seemed disposed to
sustain; and whenever I bring in a bill into the
Senate, either increasing the number of staff offi-
cers or increasing rank, I expect it to encounter
the stern opposition of Senators in this body, and
especiallyof the Senator from Maine, whose views
are very rigid upon this subject.
The Senator suggests that these offices are not
necessary. I believe these positions are necessary.
It may not be necessary to increase the number
of officers; it may be that in this bill we can au^
thorize the commanding general to select from the
commissaries of brigades, from the quartermasters
of brigades, and from the inspectors and adjutant
generals of brigades, the officers who shall have
control of those matters as division officers. If the
Senator desires an amendment of the bill for that
purpose, and it is found on more careful exami-
nation that we can get along without increasing
the number of officers, I shall be as ready as the
Senator to go for it; and taking his suggestion
upon the subject, I will consent to pass over the
bill at thi$ time, and make a further inquiry,and
see if we cannot fill these places without incieas-
ing the number of officers, or increasing the ex-
pense of the country. I wiU act on the Senator's
suggestion; for I know it was made in good faith
and in the interests of the country.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman permit me
to draw his attention to one fact?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. How many officers that are now
commissioned and drawing pay in the Army of
the United States arc not in active service?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
one hundred and ninety out recruiting, or trying
