1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Coxa....2d Sess.
Expulsion of a Senator—Mr. Latham.
Senate.
I need but recall the fact that in that committee
room it slept the sleep of death, as quietly as if
buried in the <( tomb of the Capulets. Ten days
after the letter complained of was written by the
Senator from Indiana, the Senate emphatically,
by its own vote—for the reference of it to the
Committee on the Judiciary was that decision—
refused to expel the Senator from Texas for lan-
guage such as I have here read, for boasts unpre-
cedented in their nature, and for an outrage which
every Senator knows would not for one instant
be tolerated on this floor to-day.
The action of this body did not end here, sir.
It was extended to other Senators that were as
deep in the guiltof this revolution as was the Sen-
ator from Texas. The honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] in the remarks
that he submitted to the Senate on Friday, read
to you an extract from a speech made on this floor
by the president of the so-called southern con-
federacy, as proof that the Senator from Indiana
must have known what their purposes were, and
  that knowing them, he too was equally as guilty
as the Senator from Mississippi. With all due
courtesy and respect to that Senator, he will par-
don me for saying, that if he knew them he knew
more than any other Senator at that time; and if
he sat quietly by and heard die speeches made by
Toombs and Iverson and Benjamin and Davis,
and knew what their designs and intentions were,
and permitted them to go from this body and this
city unarrested, he is as guilty as the Senator
from Indiana, and of quite as liig-h an offense,
known to the law as misprision of treason. A dis-
tinguished Senator of Rome once said that "a
senator should be as solicitous for his Government
as the bee is for her hive;" and if he had been
faithful to this Government, if he had known the
crimcs they were about to perpetrate, if he fore-
saw the condition of affairs which existed after
the 12th day of April, I ask why it was that he
sat quietly in his seat and did not have them ar-
rested before they left this body, as ti*aitors to your
Government, and as guilty of treason against
your Constitution and your laws?
Mr. President, let me recall to the attention of
the Senate what those gentlemen said. I read it,
not for the purpose that the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire did, of showing knowledge
on the part of the Senator from Indiana, or any one
else, of the intent or purpose of those gentlemen,
but to show what they said,and what this body
afterwards refused to do as a just punishment and
rebuke for their language and conduct. I desire,
first, to call the attention of the Senate to language
used on the 7th day of January, 1861, by a Sen-
ator from the State of Georgia, who I believe was
afterwards secretary of State of the so-called con-
federate States. He was never expelled from tins
body; more than that, he never even took formal
leave, but wentdefiantly; and no attempt was ever
made even to place upon him the stigma that we
in the month of July last placed upon other Sen-
ators by including them in a general resolution
of expulsion. On the 7th of January, 1861, Mr.
Toombs said:
u The success of the Abolitionists and their allies under
the name of the Republican puity, has produced its logical
results alieady. Tliey have lor long yeats been sowing di.ig-
ons' teeth, and have finally cot a crop of armed men. The
Union, sn, is dissolved. That Is* an accomplished fact in
the path oI this dhcu&^ion, that men may as well heed. One
of >our confederates has already, wisely, bravely, boldly,
confiontcd public danger, and she is only ahead of many of
.Iter sisters because of her greater facility for speedy action.
The gieater majority of those sifter States, under like cir-
cumstances, eonsider her cau^e as their cause; and I charge
you in their name to-day, " Touch not Scguntum." It is
not only their cau-e ; but it is a cause which itccives the
sjnipnthy, and will receive the support of tens and hun-
dii'ds of thousands of honest patriotic men in the non-slavc-
hohling States, who have hitherto maintained constitutional
rights, who respect their oath®, abide by compacts, and love
justice. And while this Congiess, this Senate, and this
House of Xtepiesentatives are debating the constitutional-
ity and the expediency of seccding from the Union, and
while the perfidious authors of this mischief are showeiing
down denunciations upon a large portion of the patriotic
men of this country, those brave men are coolly and calmly
voting what you call revolution—ay, s-ir, doing better than
that: annmg to defend it. They appealed to the Constitu-
tion, they appealed to ju-tice, they appealed to fraternity,
until the Constitution, justice, and fiaternity weic no longer
listened to in the legislative halls of their country, and
then, sir, they prepared for the arbitrament ofthe sword; and
now you see the glittering bayonet, and you hear the tramp
of armed men from your capital to the Rio Grande. It is
a sight that gladdens the eyes and cheers the hearts of other
millions ready to second them. Inasmuch, sir, as I have
labored earnestly, honestly, sincerely, with these men to
avert this necessity so long a* I deemed it possible, ami
inasmuch as I heartily approve their present conduct of
resistance, 1 deem it my duty to state their ease to the Sen-
ate,to the countiy, and to the civilized world."—Congres-
sional Globe, TKirty-Si&th Congress^ sccond session, page 257.
Here was an open declaration made by the Sen-
ator from Georgia upon this floor, that he had
armed his people to resist your Government and
laws, that he advocated their cause, that he ap-
proved of their acts; and yet not one voice was
raised demanding that he should be expelled from
our Halls or that punishment should be visited.
How did he wind up that address?
"You will not regard confederate obligations; you will
not regard constitutional obligations; you will not regard
your oaths. What, then, am I to do? Am I a freeman?
Is my State, a free State, to lie down and submit because
political fossils raise the cry of the ' gloi ious Union ?' Too
long already have we listened to this delusive song. We
are freemen. We have rights; I have stated them. We
have wrongs; I have recounted them. 1 have demonstrated
that the party now coining into power has declared us out-
laws, and is determined to exclude four thousand million*--of
our property from the common Territories; that it has de-
clared us under the ban ofthe empire, and out of the protec-
tion ofthe laws ofthe United States every whcie. They have
refused to protect us from invasion and insinrcction by the
Federal power, and the Constitution denies to us in the
Union the light either to laise fleets or armies for our own
defense. All these charges I have ptoven by the recotd;
and I put them befoie the civilized world, and demand the
judgment of to-day, of to-moirow, of distant ages, and of
Heaven itselt, upon the justice of these causes, r am con-
tent, whatever it be, to peril all in so noble, so holy a cause.
We have appealed, time and time again, for these consti-
tutional rights. You have refused them. We appeal again.
Restore us these lights as we had tliom, as yom couit ad-
judges them to be, just as all oui people have said they aie;
redress these flagtant wrongs, seen of all men, and it will
restore fraternity and peace and unity to all of us. Refuse
them, and what then? Wc shall then ask you, 'Let us
dcpait in peace.' Refuse that, and you present us war. We
accept it; and inscribing upon our banners the glouous
woids 'liberty and equality,' we will trust to the blood of
the biave and the God ot battles for security and tran-
quillity.5>
Docs any.one suppose that a speech of that
kind would be tolerated on the floor of the Senate
to-day? Tempora mutantur. What we listened
to patiently, quietly, under the influence of public
feeling and opinion then, would not for one in-
stant be tolerated at the present time; and why?
We regarded them as butthc vaporing platitudes
of bravado, and not as the language of men who
were really in earnest and meant what they said.
This body as well as the country believed that
these were efforts made by the leaders of the great
southern rebellion to force the dominant party of
the country into compromises without which they
said they were unwilling to continue as members
of our American Confedcra6y. Why,sir, letme
read to you a short passage which the Senator
from New Hampshire, in alluding to the remarks
made by the president of the so-called southern
confederacy, did riot call the attention of the Sen-
ate to on Friday. I read from Mr. Davis's speech
of January 21, 1861:
" Secession belong-? to a different class of remedies. It
is to be justified upon the basis that the States are sover-
eign. There was a time when none denied it. I hope the
time may come again, when a bettei compiehenMon of the
theoiy ot our Government, and the inalienable rights ofthe
people of the States, will picvent any one fioni dcn> tng that
en^h State is a sovereign, and thu-i may reclaim Liie grants
which it has made to any agent whomsoever.
" i therefore say I concur in the action of the people of
Mississippi, believing it to bo necessity and propei, and
should have been bound by their action if my belief had
been otherwise."
Upon the 21st of January, 1861, Mr. Jefferson
Davis told you that he approved of the act of liis
State in entering into an alliance against your Gov-
ernment, and forming an imperium in imperio at the
city of Montgomery, m the Stdte of Alabama.
What occured subsequently? Another Senator
from the State of Georgia, (Mr. Ivevson)—it is
true, more violent in his temper, but no more in
earnest than the gentleman whose language I have
quoted—on the 28th of January, 1861, said:
" We care not in what shape or form, orunder what pre-
texts \ou attempt coeicion. We shall consider and treat
all and every eftbit to assert youi authouty over us as acts
of war, and" shall meet and resist them You may send
your ainnes to invade us by land ; your ship-* to blockade
our pons, and desttoy our tiade and commeice with other
nations. You may aboiisli our ports of entry by act of Con- ■
gress, and attempt to collectyoui Federahevenues by ships i
of war. You may do all or any of these or similar acts. -
They will be acts of war, and will he so understood and i
treated; and in whatever shape you attack us, we will fight ;
you. You boastofyoursuperlornumherg,andyourgreater ;
strength. Remember that 'the racc is not always to the
swift, nor the battle to the strong." You have your hun*
dreds ot thousands of fighting men. So have we ; and fight-
ing upon our own soil, to preserve our rights, vindicate our
honor, and defend our homes and firesides, our wives and
children from the invader, we shall not be easily con-
quered. You may possibly overrun us. desolate our fields,
burn our dwellings, lay our cities in ruins, murder our peo-
ple, and reduce us to beggary 5 but you cannot subdue or
subjugate us to your Government or your will. Your con-
quest, if you gain one, will cost you a hundred thousand
lives, and more than a hundred million dollars. Nay, more,
it will take a standing army of a hundred thousand men,
and millions of money annually to Keep us In subjection.
You may whip us ; but we will not stay whipped. We wiU
rise again and again to vindicate our right to liberty, and
to throw off your oppressive and accursed yoke, and never
cease the mortal suite until oui whole white race is extin-
guished, our fair land given over to desolation."
Here was a bold proclamation made by this Sen-
atoron the 28th day of January, 18G1, thatsofar
as his constituency were concerned, it " was war
to the knife, from the knife to the hilt." I might
consume time in quoting what Mr. Benjamin said,
what Mr. Slidell said, and what others said who
took formal leave of the Senate. I might recall
the contempt with which they spoke of ourGov-
ernment,and the insults they cast in the very teeth
of the northern people. Mr. Slidell said, the same
North that had furnished vessels to carry on the
slave trade would furnish them their privateers in
carrying on their war against the United States.
He told this body that the patriotism ofthe north-
erd people was entirely subordiate to the " al-
mighty dollar"—that we were not in earnest, and
that we dared not attempt to assert the authority
and the dignity of our Grovcrnment.
All these things occurred cotemporaneously
with, even before, the writing of this letter by the
Senator from Indiana, which is regarded as so
criminal on his part. Did the Senateexpel those
gentlemen ? None ever acknowledged theirright
to withdraw from this body; they did notresign;
they merely left because they claimed that their
States having seceded, they, as representatives
of their States, approving of the action, were no
longer willing to occupy places upon this floor.
For weeks their names were called upon your list.
You put your face against the whole doctrine of
secession, and would neverhad conceded,for one
instant, directly or indirectly, that they had with-
drawn from this body or ceased to be members
of it. You disapproved of their conduct, but you
did notexpel them, though you had the same right
that you exercised in the month of July, when
you expelled Senators who were not present, and
who were no more members of this body than they
were during the month of March. Letus see what
did occur in regard to these gentlemen. A reso-
lution was submitted by the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] on the 13th of
March, 1861, which I will read from the Journal
ofthe Senate:
"Mi. Fi:ssenden submitted the following resolution for
consideration :
" Resolved, That Albert G. Brown and Jefferson Davis
of Mississippi, Stephen R. Mallory of Florida, Clement 0.
Clay, jr., of Alabama, Robert Toombs of Georgia, and Judah
P. Benjamin ot Louisiana, having announced that they are
no longer members of the Senate, and having withdrawn
therelrom, their seats in tins body have thereby become va-
cant, and the Secretary is directed to strike their names
fiom the ion of members,"
Here was no great outburst of indignation
against these Senators; no proposition to put the
brand of disgrace upon them. They were simply
to be dropped from the rolls of the Senate, and
the Secretary was to cod.se to call their names.
This was on the 13th day of March—twelve days
after this letter was written by the Senator from
Indiana. On the 14th of March, I find:
" On motion by Mr. Fessenden, that the Senate proceed
to the. considciauon of the le-solution yesterday submitted
by hi nr. declai in? the scats ot certain Senators vacant, and
dnectinc the Seeietaiy to strike their names from the roll
of the Senate.
'* It was determined in the affirmative."
Then came up the resolution for consideration;
and it was modified, on the motion of Mr. Fes-
senden, to read as follows:
"Resolved, That Albert G. Drown and Jefferson Davis
of Mississippi, Stephen II, Mallory of Florida, Clement C.
Clay, jr., oi Alabama, Robert Toombs of Georgia, and Judah
P. Benjamin ot Louisiana, having announced thatthey are
no longer members ot the Senate, and having withdrawn
therefrom, their seats in tins body have thereby become va-
cant. and the Secretary is directed to omit their names from
the roll of members," * ' * * * *
"The resolution having been further modified, on tb4
motion of Mr. Clark—"
