1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
believed unconstitutional ? I, who have decUued in
my place during the present session tiwul "want
uo other authority for putting down even this
gigantic, rebellion than such as may he derived
frum the Constitution, properly interpreted;" that
" while fighting this battle in behalf of constitu-
tional liberty, it behooves us especially to see to it
that the Constitution receives no detriment at our
hands;" and who have warned my countrymen
"nottovsanction usurpationsof power which may
hereafter become precedents for the destruction of
const) tut ion al liberty r"
No, sir, if I admitted this to be a bill of attain-
der, it would of course be an admission that it
was unconstitutional, and it could not for a moment
receive my support. The remark of my colleague,
that he believed no one denied that this is a bill
of attainder," is still the more remarkable, when
taken in connection with what I said m explana-
tion of the bill when it was reported to the Senate.
This was my language:
" Some have objected to the constitutional powei to pa=s
this- bill because they s.iv it i-1 a bill ot nttamdei. It w not
a hill ofattaindei ai all; it docs not eonupt the blood of the
p.uty; but it is a bill, as I said, opeiating upon piopert}.
TUe'Suprciiio Couitoi Hie Unwed States has e.\picM-]v de-
cided in tiiu ea-e ot linnvn The United Stales—winch
I ie!"iiert to on a (0111101 occasion—that Ooimu:^ ha- au-
tlionty to an net of confiscation, and it Congie^ has
.utihii'i it) to confiscate the piopcitv o! an enemy. the act of
confiscation must be ^omctinmr diliuent trom a bill ot at-
tainder, because the Constitution e\pie< ly declines that
no bill of attainilei shall be passed."
How, with this statement on the records of the
Senate, made at the time the bill was reported fot
its consultation, my colleague could say that he
believed " it was not denied that this is a bill of
aitdmder," can only be accounted for on the sup-
position that in his confidence in lus own opin-
ions he did not take the trouble to inquire what
others had admitted or denied. The only author-
ity lefenvd to by any Senator for denominating
this a bill of attainder is arematk of Chief Justice
Maishall, incidentally made, by way of illustra-
tion in the case of Fletcher t\9. Peck, (G Cranch,)
when the question of bills of attainder \vas not
befoi <: huii, in which he ?<aid, " a bill of attainder
n ay allVet the life of an individual, or may con-
fiscate his property, or both." Story and Kept
both quote this lvmuik of Judge Marshall in their
commentaries; but this reiteration of an obiter dic-
tum remark by commentators adds nothing to it
as an authonty. To this incidental remark of
Judge Marshall, made in a case m which the power
to pass bills of attainder, or what they were, was
not involved, 1 oppose the solemn decision of the
same pulg", atahuer period, in the ease of Brown
va. The IJnttod Slates, (8 Cranch,) in which he
held that it was competent foi Congress to pass
a confiscation act. The force of this authority
e.innot be avoided by saying thatJudie Marshall
was deciding upon the right to confiscate the prop-
erty of a foreign enemy when he declared "the
power of confiscating enemy's pioperty is m the
legislature," for if a confiscation bill is the same
thing as a hill of attainder, Congress could no
more pass such an act m regard to the property
of a fori ign than a domestic enemy, because the
language of the Constitution is that" no bill of
attainder shall be passed," which renders it just
as unconstitutional to pass such a bill affecting a
foii igner as a citizen.
"But 1 will undertake to show that the bill under
consideiation is in no sense a bill of attainder. It
does not piopose to attaint any one, or to affect
any one's person or blood. It docs not name any
one on whom it is to operate, hut simply pio\ides
foi the forfeiture of the property of peiso is guilty
of certain offenses, who themselves arc beyond
the reach of courts, and cannot be brought to trial,
jlie foifeituie to be enforced m the loyal States
through the courts, by proceedings ia rim, and in
ihe disloyal Slates, m which the courts are over-
borne, to be enforced, from the necessity of the
case, through the military power. Such a bill has
none of the ehatactcusties of an attainder, which
may bo defined to he " that extinction °f civil
rights and capacities which takes place whenever
a poison wlin has committed treason oi felony
lee iv< s sentence of death for his nimi's." Bills
of attainder are, moreover, directed against some
particular person or jiersons by name, who are
thereby attainted for some, crime alreidy com-
mitted. This bill provides for the foifeiture of
estates in certain cases as a punishment for crime
heieafter to be committed, when the person of
the individual committing the offense cannot be
reached. It does not attaint or convict any one
of having committed a crime, nor of itself confis-
cate the property of any one, and is no more like
a bill of attainder than is an act imposing a fine as
a punishment for assault and battery, or forfeiture
of goods as a penalty for smuggling.
The right to confiscate the property of a rebel
or traitor attaches without any conviction of the
offender. This bill applies only to proceedings
in rem. Ithasnothing.to do with the punishment
of the person, and, indeed, docs not operate upon
the propeity of a person who is within reach of
judicial process. In the case of The Palmyra, (12
"Wheaton, 1,) the Supreme Court, in speaking of
an act like this, say:
" Many case:* exist wheie the forfeiture for acts done at-
taches solely m rem, and then* is no accompanying penalty
in personam. Many ca^c-* exist whcie theic both atoi-
feiiuro in rem and a personal pcnaltv. But in neither clas^
of ca^es has it ever been deeidcd tint the prosecution* were
dependent upon each othci. J>ut the practice lias been,
and so this court understand? the law to be, that the pio-
eeediuirinremr-tands independent of, and wholly unaffected
by, any criminal proceeding in personam."
The Senator from California, to show why this
bill ought not to pass, quotes from Story the fol-
lowing:
" It surely Is* enough foi society to take the life of the of-
lendci, as a pist punishment of his ciimo, without taking
from bis offcprui<* and ielative-5 that piopeity which um-
bo the only means of saving them fiom povertv and uuu."
So say I, and the bill does not propose to touch
the property of any one whose life has been taken
or who can be brought to trial for his crimes, and
it is therefore not" obnoxious to the objection
pointed out by Story.
Another ground of objection to this hill is the
allegation that it is an encroachment on the pre-
rogative of the President, who, it is alleged, as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, al-
leady possesses the power of confiscation; that
the extraordinary powers which the Government
may wield m time of war, called war powers, be-
long to the President and not to Congiess, and
in support of this proposition my colleague cites
the case of Luther vs. Borden, reported in 7 How-
ard. 1 will endeavor to show, as I think i can,
that such claims of prerogative on the. part of the
President are unwarranted by the Constitution,
against the practice of the Government from its
foundation, and that the case of Luther vs. Bor-
den, so far from being an authority for such as-
sumption, is an authority against it.
1. There is not a syllable in the Constitution
confei ring on the President war powers. The
Constitution .simply makes him Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy when called into
being, but he has no power to raise the one nor
provide the other. As Commander-in-Chief when
an aimy is raised, in the absence of any rules
adopted by Congiess for its government, he would
have the right to control it, in the prosecution of
i the war, according to his discretion, not violating
the established rules of civilized warfare, but lie
would not have the, right to confiscate enemy
property, because this is a power which can only
| be exeruised m pursuance of an act of Congress,
| and does not belong to the Commander-in-Chief,
! who, as such, could only seize and hold propeity
] which was visible and tangible ull the end of the
| war, when it would revert to its original owner.
I The Constitution says, " Congress" (not the
; President) "&hull have power to declare war; to
ij raise and support armies," and to " provide and
!! maintain a Navy." Story, in his Commentaries
.! on the Constitution, says:
!' <• 'J lie power to dechnewai N cxclu-ive in Congress''
|j <• - > > "It includes the (Xeicise of all the
!| onlinaiy lights of lu-nigeicm*. and CoisgiC:-- may. there-
\ fote. pa"-- suitable law.; to cnlbrcc them They may au-
i' tliou/e Pie -ei/anc and condemnation ot the. property of
!i Uio encinv, willnn oi without the tcuitoiy of the United
'' Mate-, and the confi^eaiiou of debts due to the c 11011}.''''
|i 2. When armies and navies are raised by Con-
'' irivsx, of which the President is, by the Consti-
,, tution, made Comuiandet-ni-Cim f, he canonly
'! govern and 1 eirulutc them as Congress shall direct;
because the Constiiution says, $< Congress shall
1! have power to make rules for the government and
II regulat ion of the land and naval forces." As well
h nmht it be said that, because the Constitution
j! declares thai the President " shall take care that
|! the laws bo faithfully executed,''he is therefore
H not bound, m discharging this duty, to confoi 111
i! his action to the manner presciibed by Congiess,
as that he can govern the Army as he pleases,
irrespective of the rules which Congress has es-
tablished.
3. It has been the practice of Congress, from
the organization of the Government, to control
the President in his government of the
The first Congress which met under the Consti-
tution adopted the rules and articles of war for the
government of the Army, as they existed under
the Confederation and befote we had a President.
In 1806, Congress revised the rules and articles
for the government of the armies of the United
States, in an act containing more than a hundred
distinct articles, which, with few variations, are
now the law, whereby the mode of organizing,
officering, and governing the officers and men was
regulated with great minuteness. The fifty-eighth
article declares that—
"All public fetoies taken in the enemy's camp, towns,
foit-s, or magazines, whether of aitillury, ammunition;
clotlunjr, toia«e, or provision*, shall be scoured for the ser-
vice of the United States, for the ncstlectof which the com-
manding ofiiccr is. to he answeiable.'''
Surelythemen whomadeand put into operation
the Constitution understood very little of its pro-
visions when they passed such a law as this, if my
colleague is right in his assertion that " the war-
executing powers are vested in the President, in
the executive department of the Government, and
Congress has no more right to touch them or ex-
ercise them than it has to usurp and exercise the
judicial functions of the Government." How the
Senator from Pennsylvania who declared, with
such self-complacency, that the President<{ was
itnested with the war-making power," that " he
is the commander directing and controlling it as
he pleases," must be shocked at the ignorance of
our fathers of the meaning of the Constitution
they had made, when he reads over the hundred
and one articles of war, and particularly the fifty-
eighth aiticle, which directs what is to be done
with the public stores taken in the enemy's forts
and camps.
4. The advocates for this arbitrary power in the
President, without limitation or lestraint of any
kind, will find as little support for the assumption
in judicial decisions as in the Constitution and
the'practice of the Government. Does not my
colleague know that all which he quoted from the
opinion of the court in the case of Luther vs. Bor-
den, had reference to the power of the President
in calling out the militia in subordination to an
act of Congress, and had no reference whatever to
his power under the Constitution independent of
such an act? Does he not know that without
such act he could not call forth a man even to sup-
press insurrection or repel invasion ? If not, I
refer him to the Constitution, which declares that
" Congress shall have power to piovide for call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws of the
IJnion, suppress insurrection ,and repel invasion."
That it was of the powers vested in the I'resident
by virtue of an act of Congress passed in pursu-
ance of this clause of the Constitution of which
the court spoke in the extracts read by my col-
league, and not of the President's power under
the Constitution independent of such an act, will
be apparent from a glance at a part of the opinion
which my colleague did not read. The court say;
"The foiuth soction of the fourth article of the Consti-
tution of the United States provide* that the United States
fehall guaumlv to every rotate in the Umou a republican
l'or 1.1 o*f«5oveinmo it,and s-hall protect each of them against
invasion ; and on the application of the Legislature, or of
the Executive, (when the Lcgif-latuie can not be convened,)
aijain^t dome-He wolenee. Uudei this niticlc of Con-
stitution, it rest* with Congress to decide what government
is tlie e-tabli.-hed one in a folate.
tfo, too, as 1 elates to the clause in ihcabuvc-mentioned
article ot the Constitution, providing for eaces of dome°tic
violence. Jt rested with Congiess, too, to determine upon
the means pioper to be adopted to fulfill tinV guarantee.
Tlicy rumhtjif they had deemed it most advisable to do so,
have placed it in the power of a court to decide when the
contingency had happened which rerpuied th'> Federal Gov-
ernment to mtetfere. Hut Con<;re^ thouirht otherwise, anU
no doubt widely : and by the net of Frhru.it \ 28, 179.">. < pro-
vided that, m ease of an inMinection 111 an\ ^tate asrainst
the government tlieieof, it *liall be lawiui 101 the Picsident
ol ihc United .States on application of the LegHaturu of
Midi State, 01 of the I'xci'utiie, (when the Letri-laiuie can-
not be convened,) to call forth Mich numbei oi the militia
of any other ritato 01 States a^ ma\ be applied for a-he may
judge" sutiicient to «uppu^-? <uch insurrection.' By this act
the^powerol deciding whethei the exigency had arisen
upon which the Government of the United States is bound
to mterfeic i* given to the Pieaident."
What now becomes of tins case as an author-
ity to show that tlie President possesses the war
power without any act of Congress, when the
