2520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
to conform in that particular to that adopted by the House
of Representatives.
The undersigned further petition that section forty-nine,
last line but one, may be amended by inserting the words
"andatthe depot owned by , in the county ot 
And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray.
M. VASSAR & CO.,
Pouzhkeepsie, Depot 116 Warren street* New York.
J. BEVEREDGE & CO.,'
Ntivhurg, 121 Wat i en street, New York.
R. W. EVANS & CO.,
Hudson, 51 Harrison street, New York.
A. BURT & CO.,
•Albany, 210 Franklin street, New York.
FLANAGAN, WALLACE & CO ,
Newburg, 2L4 Franklin street, New York.
john Mcknight & son,
Albany, 99 North, Moore street, New York.
millard & barnard,
97 North Moore street.
BOYD, BROTHER & CO.,
Jllbany, 255 West street.
john taylor & sons,
Albany* De-pot 356 Greenwich street, New York.
AMSDELL BROTHERS,
Albany* Depot 132 Liberty street, New York.
WILLIAM MARR,
Agent foi A. A. DUNLOP,
Albany, New York, 59 Liberty street, New York.
A. B. NASH & CO.,
Troy, Depot 336 Washington street, New York.
New York, May 28, 1862.
They ask that they may be allowed to do what
others do, pay their taxes on the property taxed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provision, as applied
to them, is the same precisely as is applied to all
other persons, and that is, that the tax shall be
called for at the place of manufacture, on the prin-
ciple that when the article goes from the place of
manufacture theGovernmentloses all control over
it. If they repiovc it from the place where they
manufacture it on the Hudson river, who knows
what becomes of it before it gets to their depot?
They ask—a very modestrequest—that they may
swear to the quantity at the depot, not at the
place of manufacture, and may swear to what
they sell at the depot.
When the amendment with regard to spirits
was offered by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Browning,] allowing the distillers to remove it
by sending it to the charge of another officer in
the place to which they removed it, I proposed to
put in brewers of malt liquors, along with the
manufacturers of distilled spirits, but the Senator
from New York objected. He is not willing that
any security whatever shall be given to the Gov-
ernment. He wants it to go, and they want it to
go, from the place of manufacture without any
security, any check, to any other place where
they please to send it to, and swear to it at the
place where they send it, and the quantity they
sell there. They wish to get rid of any check.
So far from singling them out by the bill as it
stands, the Senator proposes that we shall pick
them out and remove from them what we impose
for the security of the Government upon every
other class of manufacturers, whoever they may
be. If the Senate want to remove the protection,
be it so. I offered, in the printed amendment,
which has been laid over on the suggestion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, to insert the brewers,
the men who manufacture malt liquors. That is
the proper course to take.
Mr. fl ARRIS. The Senator from Maine does
me injustice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In what way? You cer-
tainly objected to my doing it.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to state that the Sen-
ator's proposition has no sort of application to
this case. Let me show him how it is. How is
it in reference to the sale of spirits? A manufac-
turer in Ohio, or Wisconsin, or any of the western
States, sends forward his whisky to a consignee;
he sends it forward to be sold; it is sold; as has
often been said here, it is a cash article. Itissent,
not to a depot belonging to the proprietor of the
whisky, but sent forward to a consignee, an agent,
a commission merchant, to be disposed of. It
is a cash article, and is disposed of. Now, the
proposition of the Senator from Maine is that the
_ manufacturer, when he sends forward his whisky,
shall give a bond conditioned that he will pay the
tax upon it within thirty days. That does not
answer ihe purpose of these manufacturers at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not so.
Mr. HARRIS. Is it not so?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That refers to what is
exported. Let the Senator read the provision on
the next page of the printed amendments before
him.
Mr. HARRIS. It is too long for me to read
it now; it is two pages. It will not do to insist
on the manufacturers of ale, when they send it
forward to their depot, giving a bond to pay the
duties within thirty days, or any such time.
They arc perfectlly willing that any guard or se-
curity that even the Senator from Maine desires
to protect the Government shall be applied. All
they want is that they may send their manufac-
ture, according to the usage of their business, to
New York, and pay the duty on it when they
sell the article.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the
Senator from New York a question. The blank
as to the number of days in which the duties
should be paid was filled, as I understood, with
" sixty."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment was
not adopted. It was the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois which was adopted, providing
a totally different rule.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understood that sixty
days' time was given.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment I pro-
posed, in which something was said about time,
was withdrawn, and the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Illinois was adopted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I thought that involved
the question of time also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They did not ask any
time on that. It was their own proposition, and
we took it with an amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I am sorry that the Senator
from Maine should be so tenacious in insisting
that these men shall pay the duties, sometimes six
months in advance 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is no such thing; I do
not ask it. The Senator will not understand me.
The proposition adopted for the sphits is that if
the distillers want to remove them for consump-
tion or sale, they may send them forward, taking
a bill of lading, and passing that to the officer of
the district, and let him send it to the officer in
New York, the lien of the Government being re-
tained until the duties are paid.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I proposed,
and the Senator objected to it.
Mr. HARRIS. I beg your pardon. What I
objected to was compelling them to give a bond.
The Senator from Maine is in error; I cannot be
mistaken in what he proposed. It was to give a
bond to pay the duty in thirty days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Th^ difficulty arises in
this way: the Senator did not take notice enough
of what was going on at the time, to know that I
hnd withdrawn that amendment, and the action
of the Senate was on the other proposition which
he has in his hands—the section offered by the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HARRIS. Again I complain of the Sen-
ator from Maine; and I submit to the Senate if I
have not been as attentive to what has been going
on throughout the discussion of this bill as any
other Senator. I have given the best powers God
has blessed me with to an examination of this bill,
and I am not to be accused here by the Senator
from Maine of being inattentive.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
York need not get himself into a passion with
regard to this matter 
Mr. HARRIS. No; I leave that entirely to the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I claim no monopoly of
it; I am willing to share it all round. With re-
gard to this particular thing, if the Senator had
read the amendment which is before him, he would
see that he was not attentive, or he would have
known the provision. It has been printed, and is
lying on his table.
Mr. HARRIS. I have had no time to read it
to-day; and I never saw it until to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was acted on in the
Senator's presence; but we need not have any dis-
pute about it.
Mr. HARRIS. Of course not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a misunderstanding
all round. Here is the provision on page 3 of the
printed amendments.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand that that amen8-
ment lies over at the suggestion of the Senator
from Wisconsin. If we can make it applicable
to this case, that will end the matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely what I
want; it is precisely whatl am willing to do; and
with all respect to the Senator, I must say that I
was astonished when he objected to it the other
day; but he did not understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment.
Mr. PI ARRIS. Let it lie until I can see what
the proposition is. It is a very important matter
to these men.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can lie over
by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator regards it
as connected with the other, it may as well be
passed over, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. . No objection
being made, the amendment will be passed over.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was to strike out the fifty-first sec-
tion, as follows:
Sfc. 51. And he it Jurther enacted, That all bcer_. lager
beer, ale, porter, and other similar fermented liquors which
shall be made, and all spirituous liquors winch shall be dis-
tilled within the LTnited States or the Territories thereof,
or the District of Columbia, the duties on which shall not
have been paid, according to the true intent and meaning
ot this act, shall be forfeited, and may be seized as forfeited
by any collector of internal duties: Provided ahvays, That
such liquors and spiritsshall not be liable to seizure and for-
feiture, in the hands of a bona Jvle purchaser, without notice
that the duties thereon have not been paid or sccured to be
paid.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I observe that on page
73 the word " horses " was inserted in the defini-
tion of cattlc brokers, on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. The provision requiring a
license from horse dealers being kept in, of course
that is unnecessary.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit to anything the Sena-
tor wishes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "horses,"in
the two hundred and fourteenth line, should be
stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made by unanimous consent. The
next excepted amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was*in the thirteenth line of section
sixty-five, on page 79, to strike out " seventy-
one," and insert " seventy-four;" so as to read,
" the seventy-fourth section of this act."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that will be right.
The section referred to will be the seven ty-fouith.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was in line three, of page 83, to
strike out, " sixty-fourth," and insert " sixty-
seventh" before the word " section."
Mr. HOWE. I would suggest that there are
two other sections introduced; and may not that
affect the numbers?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have numbered them
all through, including those two sections, and if
the sections are retained, though the form of them
be changed, these numbers will be right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was on page 86, to strike out lines
seventeen, eighteen, and nineteen, as follows:
On anthracite coal, except such as is known in the trade
as pea coal, fifteen cents per ton ; on bituminous coal, one
eighth of one per cent, per bushel.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
On all mineral coals except such as is known in the trade
as pea coal, three and a half cents per ton.
Mr. WILMOT, I inquire as to the point of
order, whether the question will first be upon
striking out the whole provision, as I have pro-
posed, or upon the adoption of#the amendment
moved by my colleague in Committee of the
Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the question to be upon concurring in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, which was to strike out certain lines and
insert others.
Mr. WILMOT. I wish to strike out entirely
the seventeenth, eighteenth,and nineteenth lines.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this provsion will
not be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the question be stated.
Mr. FOOT. The first question in order is upon
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, which is a reduction of the
duty, and then it will be in order to strike out the
whole paragraph.
