1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands. The question is on concurring in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. FOSTER. Before that question is put, I
desiie to amend the amendment by inserting after
" pea coal" the words " and dust coal."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that necessary ?
Mr. FOSTER. I am advised by persons who
know something about it, that it is a finer kind
of coal, and is cheaper, and that if pea coal is
excepted dust coal should be. I do not wish to
interfere with the principles of the bill, and my
amendment can do no harm.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object to it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
# The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment, as amended.
Mr. "VV1LMOT. The question, I understand,
is upon the amendment offered in committee, to
substitute for fifteen cents per ton on anthracite
coal, three and a half cents, and for one eighth of
a cent per bushel on bituminous coal, three and
a half cents per ton.
Mr. COWAN. Three and a half cents a ton
is the same tiling as one eighth of a cent a bushel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on coracurnno; in the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the "Whole, as it has been amended.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 26, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Moms-is. Browning, Carlile, Claik, Cowan, Da-
vis, Dixon, Dooiittic, Foot, Foster, Haru-?, Howe, King,
Latham, MeDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice, Sim-
mons, Staik, Sumner, Wade, Willey, VVilmot, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wright— 26.
NAYS—Mews. Anthony, Chandler, Fpssetulcn, Grimes,
Hale, Ilatlan, Howard, Trumbull, and Wilkinson'—9.
So the amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
Mr. WILMOT. Is it now in order to move to
strike out the amendment, as amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER., (Mr. Clark.)
The Chair understands it not to be in order to
strike out the words just inserted.
Mr. WILMOT. Is it not in order to strike out
the tax upon coal ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules that it is not in order to strike out the words
just inserted by the Senate.
Mi. WILMOT. Then I will move to recon-
sider. I inquired of the Chair for the purpose of
making my motion so as to be in order; and, as
I understood the Chair, the first vote was to be
on the amendmentof the committee, and that then
it would be in order for me to strike out the whole
tax on coal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
rule that the first vote would be on the amend-
ment of the committee, as amended. If that amend-
ment had been rejected it would have been in or-
der for the Senator to move to strike out the sentence
and insert something else. It is not now in order
to strike it out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend there is no
difficulty about this. The bill stands with a tax
of fifteen cents on coal. [i( Oh, no."] Well, it
stood that way when it came into the Senate from
the House. A motion was made to reduce the
tax from fifteen cents to three and a half ccnts.
Then another motion was interposed at the same
time to strike out the whole tax upon coal. The
first question was on reducing it from fifteen to
three and a half cents. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania now proposes to strike out all there is in
the section about coal, including bituminous coal
and other coal, as I understand it.
Mr. WILMOT. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That clearly must be in
order. The proposition which has been voted on
merely reduced the tax upon a particular kind of
coal from fifteen to three and a half cents. The
bill imposes a tax upon other kinds ofcoal,anda
motion to strike it all out is, I apprehend, in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been simply in-
serted in room of what is in the bill, but the vote
has not been taken yet whether the Senate will
adopt the clause as amended, and if the Senate
reject it there will be no tax whatever on coal.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to reconsider the vote just
declared, with a view to offer an amendment to
the amendment, that anthracite coal shall be taxed
seven and a half cents.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall vote for the motion
to reconsider, because I wish to have fifteen cents,
instead of seven and a half cents, on coal. I de-
sire to have a reasonable tax on coal. I shall,
therefore, vote for the reconsideration; and, if it
is reconsidered, I think we ought to restore it to
fifteen cents, as the House placed it, and I shall
vote to do so.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. WILMOT. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that it is not in order to move to strike out
the tax upon coal?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair may
be permitted to state that the amendment of the
committee was to strike out the seventeenth,
eighteenth, and nineteenth lines—the whole pro-
vision in regard to coa!—and insert a new provis-
ion; the Chair rules that it is not in order to
strike out that new provision.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it seems to me, if I may
make a suggestion, that the Senator from Penn-
sylvania was misled, for it was stated on the floor,
if not from the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is out of order, unless he appeals from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to make any
appeal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then 1 beg the Chair to
preserve order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No appeal be-
ing taken, debate is out of order, and can only be
indulged in by common consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question was put,
whether the Senate would reconsider the vote, and
they refused to do it.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator from
Kentucky to make that motion without any refer-
ence to the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The next amendment was on page 89, line qpe
hundred and six, to strike out" two cents," and
insertli one cent;" so that the clause will read:
On sugar catidv and all confectionery, made wholly or in
part from sugar, one cent per pound.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, instead of*'one cent per pound,"
" five per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 can only say that this
matter was thoroughly discussed and settled in
committee, and has been once settled on discus-
sion in the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. There was a proposition in Com-
mittee of the Whole to insert three per cent, ad
valnmn, and the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, and othejs, suggested that we should
not raise as much revenue by that as would be
raised by the tax proposed in the bill, and in com-
mittee that proposition was voted down. I now
propose to put in five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ANTHONY. It would be very difficult
to fix the value.
Mr. HOWE. Not the slightest difficulty. The
manufacture is all open to examination and in-
spection, and the value of it can be just as easily
ascertained as the value of wheat is. I am not
going to argue* the matter. I will merely state
that there were exhibited to the committee sam-
ples of candies and pieces of candy manufactured
which were worth from three to seven dollars,
and which would not weigh a pound.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is but very little of
that.
Mr. HOWE. There is very little of that, it is
said; but, on the other hand, there were a great
many kinds of candies exhibited of such delicate
texture and make that it would not be possible, I
think, to weigh them without incurring a great
deal of risk and a great deal of damage.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the average value of
a pound ?
Mr. HOWE. It is impossible to tell what the
average value of a pound is; but this candy is
made of sugar mostly, and that sugar pays a high
tax. This is an effort of the Government to share
with the children in the luxury of sugar candy.
If it gets five per cent, on the value of what the
chsidien eat, I think the Government is doing well
enough.
Mr. ANTHONY. The children do not eat the
candy at seven and eight dollars a pound.
Mr. HOWE. No; they eat this cheap candy,
and that is the great bulk of it. The objection to
this ad valorem tax is that it does not give so much
on the cheap candy.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was .con-
curred in.
The next amendment was on page 90, line oue
hundred and nineteen, to strike out "eight,"and
insert " twenty;" so that the clause will read:
On snuff manufactured of tobacco, grouad, dry, or damp,
of all descriptions, (cxcept aromatic or incdieal snuff in
vials, pots, boxes, or packcts,) twenty cents per pound* ' -
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to change that to
fifty cents.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that amendmentwill
not prevail. The fact is, in my judgment, you
have got the tax so high now that smugglers will
take the trade.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr, President, snuff is
a special thing; and I believe if there is anything
that will bear a large percentage, it is the article
of snuff. It is used in small quantities, and is one
of the articles of luxury more particularly than
any other article, even more than drinking. A
tax of fifty cents a pound will not make any dif-
ference in the consumption. 1 believe it is one of
the particular items that ought to be taxed most
highly. I think it will pay fifty cents a pound
just as well, as twenty cents a pound. I do not
advance the proposition without having consid-
ered the thing somewhat. I know something about
snuff in all its forms, and I think it can very well
bear fifty cents on the pound; and it is a tax that
may well be made.
Mr. COWAN. I should be greatly afraid of
straining the tax on narcotics too much. It naust
be remembered that there are a hundred other
substances in the country which will answer the
same purpose, if brought into general use, a great
many of which are more dangerous and more del-
eterious in their effects than those that the people
are now in the habit of using. It is a remarkable
fact, that in all countries, and among all people,
and in all times, they have been ingenious enough
to find them out and use them; and the question is,
ifyou take away the whisky and tobacco from the
lips of our people, you do not introduce narcotics
and stimulants of a far worse kind. It is a con-
sideration to be particularly attended to at this
period.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HALE. There is an exception to this tax
of twenty cents in this clause, which I ask the
Secretary to read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Except aromatic or medical snuff, in vials, pots, boxes,
or packets.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out that excep-
tion. If we do not do that, all this snuff will be
medicated, and we shall not get a dollar out of it.
I therefore move to strike it out.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment of the committee as
amended, was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 95, line two
hundred and fifty-three, to strike out the follow-
ing clause:
On wine made of grapes, five cent's per gallon.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays on .
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded with the call of the
roll.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. FOOT. As wc seem to be blocked, I will
move that the Senate adjourn. If there is any
prospect of proceeding with business, I will With-
draw it.
Mr. RICE. Some Senators will be here pres-
ently.
Mr. FOOT. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope not; we shall have a
quorum in a moment.
Mr. GRIMES. It is perfectly absurd for us to
wait'for Senators to come in.
Mr. HALE. I am told Mr. Harlan will be
here in a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall ask for the yeas
and nays upon it, if it is not withdrawn.
Mr. HARLAN appeared.
