1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imported into it were not imported into the Uni-
ted States, nor subject to the payment of duties;
and if a portion of the Union occupied by the en-
emy may be treated as foreign for revenue, why
not also for confiscation purposes? Ail the de-
partment?? of the Government—executive, legis-
lative, and judicial—have; for certain purposes,
already treated those parts of the Union in pos-
session and under the control of the rebels as for-
eign, and the rebels themselves as enemies or bel-
ligerents. This has been done by the passage of
a non-intercourse act; by the blockade of the rebel
coast; by the condemnation, as lawful prize, of
vessels attempting to run the blockade; by the in-
terchange of flags oftrucc, the exchange of pris-
oners, and in various other ways. Thus treating
a portion of the Union as foreign for war pur-
poses, and the rebels as belligerents, while it gives
us, during the continuance of the war, all the rights
which we could exercise against the property and
persons of foreign enemies, does not impair our
right when the laws of the Union shall be estab-
lished over the rebellious districts, and the rebels
themselves reduced to subjection, to treat them as
traitors and punish them for their crimes, which
I trust will be done, al least so far as the leaders
are concerned.
Yattel, who insists that the common laws of
war should be observed in every civil wai, says
on this subject:
" When the sovcieign has subdued the opposite patty,
and reduccd them lo submit and sue for pence, he may ex-
cept from the amnesty the anlhois of the distui hanccs—the
leaders of the paity ; he may bring them to a legal trial, and
punish them if they be found guilty."
But it is said the passage of this bill, admitting
its constitutionality, would be inexpedient; that
it would make the rebels desperate,and unite the
South as one man against the Union. How so,
let me ask ? It does not propose to touch the prop-
erty of any loyal citizen, and why, therefore,
should it drive him against the Union ? Are there
no loyal persons in the South, or is their love for
the traitors who have driven them from their
homesand robbed them of theirproperty so strong
that rather than take rebel property to help defray
the expense of maintaining the Government
against the rebellion, they would themselves turn
traitors? Surely this would exhibit a weakness
and compassion for enemies, and a malignity
and hatred of friends, such as the world never
before witnessed. Besides, sir, not to confiscate
the property of rebels is to encourage future rebel-
lions. Wherever the rebels bear sway they have
not hesitated to confiscate the property of loyal
citizens; and if now, as the authouty of the Union
is restored, the persons who have robbed loyal
citizens are to be protected m then' property, what
is it but saying to the people of the countiy, that
whenever a future insurrection arises, the suie
way to protect their property will be to join in it;
and what is this but to offer a premium for trea-
son? To show the effects of this in individual
cases, I quote from a letter received within a few
days from a gentleman in New York, who says:
"I holdamorleage for $35,000 on a plantation "-old by me
in Mississippi. This plantation i* not f.u fiom one belong-
ing to Jeff 0avh._- My mortgage is confiscated ; inysell and
family are heavily emlnutassed by engagement? piediented
upon this mortgage. We arc innocent parties; JelFDavis
is guilty; and why should he be allowed to escape nnh.n med
after entailing Intnktnprcy upon loyal individuals and deso-
lation thronch a whole suction?"
This is but one case of which there are hundreds
of thousands all through the South. But few of
those engaged tn this rebellion will ever be made
to suffeiMn their persons; and if they are to be left
in the full possession and enjoy men t of their cotton,
their lands, and their negtoes, the innoceiU will
have been made to suffer while the guilty will go
unpunished. The enhanced price which the rebels
will get for their sugar and cotton at the close of
the war will contribute hugely towards making
up the losses they havcjmcuncd by their rebel J ion,
while loyal faimers, manufacturers, merchants,
and, indeed, all classes of loyal c-tizens both North
nnd South, will be impoverished to the extent of
§1,000,000,000. Tens of thousands of lives will
be sacrificed, hundreds of thousands of men will
be crippled for life, hundreds ofthousands of others
will be left orphans on the bounty of the nation,
while the authors of all this misery will escape
almost entirely unhurt, unless their properly is
made to pay the penalty. Isthisjustr Shall the
innocent, loyal, and patriotic citizens of my own
State, who have contributed so liberally of their
blood to the maintenance of the Union and the
preservation of constitutional liberty, be deprived
of their property to pay the expenses of this war,
while they who prosecute it against the Union are
permitted to enjoy theirs? Shall the fathers of the
gallant sons whose mangled bodies have been
borne back to Illinois by hundreds, from the bloody
fields of Belmont, of Donelson, and Pea Ridge, be
ground down by onerous taxes, which shall de-
scend upon their children to the third and fourth
generations to defray the expenses of defending
the Government against traitors, and we forbear to
touch even the .property of the authors of these
calamities, whose persons arc beyond our reach?
Suppose ye that the loyal people of this country
will submit to such injustice?
I believe I represent as loyal, as patriotic, and
as brave a constituency as any other Senator. I
claim nothing more. If western men have fought
more battles and won more victories for the Union
than their brethren of the East, it is because they
have had more opportunities. It has been their
good fortune to be led against the enemy instead
of being idly confined in camps. The capture of
Newbern, chiefly by New England troops under
the gallant Burnside, showsthat the eastern army
needs but to be led against the enemy to drive him
from Virginia and the Carohnas as effectually as
he has been expelled from Missouri and Ken-
tucky. While, therefore, I am proud of the part
which the soldiers of my own State took in de-
feating the enemy in the West, 1 do not claim for
them any superiority over the other soldiers of
the Republic. The brave men who besieged Don-
elson, and who, after fightinglhrough the day for
three consecutive days, lay cach night on the
ground without shelter, exposed to the ram and
the sleet, were chiefly llhnoisans. It was there
that rebellion received the heavy blow which lias
staggered it ever since. Forty dead bodies were
borne from that bloody field to one small town in
my State and buried m a common grave. The
Union forces at Pea Ridge were also largely made
up of soldiers from Illinois. Suppose ye, that I
caii go back to Illinois, among the lelatives of
those who have been cruelly destroyed, and pro-
pose to levy taxes upon them in order to concil-
iate and compensate the muiderers, for that is
really what exempting rebel property from confis-
cation amounts to ? Sir, 1 know not if they would
submit to such injustice; and yet there are those
who not only talk of an amnesty to the men who
have biough t these troubles upon the country, but
oppose providing the mild punishment of confis-
cation of pio, erty for those who shall continue
hereafter to war upon the Government, and whose
pei sons are beyond our reach. lam surprised
that a bill of this character should meet with op-
position from Senators of the bolder States whose
loyal citizens the rebels, whenever they have had
the power, have robbed, plundered, and driven
from their homes. Do gentlemen regard it as con-
ciliatory to oblige us to iay taxes upon those whose
habitations have been consumed, to reward those
who have burned them ? upon those whose whole
property has been stolen, to reward the thieves*
upon those whose relatives have been slain, to
compensate the muiderers? In my judgment,
justice, humanity, and mercy herself, all demand
"that we at once provide that the suppoi ters of ihis
cruel and wicked rebellion should henceforth be
made to feel its burdens.
To the most important features m the bill under
consideration I have thus far made no allusion.
They are the second and thud sections of the bill.
The second section is in these words:
Jlndhat hnther enacted, That oven p"i on having claim
to the t-emee or labor or' any other prison m any Slate
undei tin' law- theieof, who (lining the pi cent ichellion
s-hall rakeup anus 'iiram-4 the United Siat<' , or m anv man-
! n<m Lr;vi' .ud and Connor! to said icIjoIIiosi, -hall thereby
j foithwith lortejf all elaim to «ueh seivice oi laboi, and Hip
p«'i>on-> fiom \\ Jiom it i-j elainn'd to be due, commonly cpUed
slave - hall, facto, on ille commission oi the aci of tor-
feauie by th<' p.uty havim' claim to the service oi labor as
afoie-aid". h'1 di-chai2td theieaom, and bccome loievcr
thcrealtei fiee pei,-on-. any law oi any State, or of the United
jstate-.tothoeonuan notwiih-'tandinir. And whom-voi any
pet-.on el.ummjjto be  jntil!ed to the <?emce or labor of any
othei pet-on vhail seek to onfoiee >ueh claim, he shall, m
the fn-t instance, and before proceeding with the trial of
his rj.iun. sati-iactoijlv piove that he is and ha- been dui-
mir the rvMinir rebellion loyal to the Government of the
United Stai"k. "And no pcr-on engaged m the mihtaiy or
liavai vice of the Unued Sialo shall, undet any picton*e
whatovci, a- -nine to dceide on the validity of the claim o!
any person.to the seivice or labor ot any other person, orto
surrender up any such person to xhe claimant. <_
The third section makes it the duty of the Presi-
dent to provide for the colonization and protection,
as freemen, in some tropical country, of Su^h of
the African race made free -by the previous section,
as may desire to emigrate. Slavery* is admitted*
by most loyal citizens, to have been the cause
of this wicked rebellion; and it is also very gen-
erally admitted that the Federal Government has
no power under the Constitution to remove this
cause by abolishing slavery in the States; - I, in
common with Republicans generally, hafe often
declared that Congress wasnotrcsponsiblcforand
had no power under the Constitution to interfere
with slavery in the States. I say so to-day; and
because the Republican party generally has main-
tained this position, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vnia, [Mr. Cowan,] in the name of Republican-
ism, arraigns those of us who are in favor of this
bill as acting inconsistently with our professions.
Hchas probably been misled by the title of the bill,
which might more properly be" styled a.bill to dis-
courage rebellion, than "a bill to confiscate the
property and free the slaves of rebels;'5 for, sir,
this bill does not make a rebel of anybody, nor
of itself free a single slave. If a slave gets his free-
dom under it, it will bo by the voluntary act of
| his rebel master. Surely the Republican party
i never pledged itself not to pass a law to punish
I rebels.
Suppose before this rebellion broke out a slave
had been detected in robbing the mail: would the
Senator from Pennsylvania have considered the
Republican party bound by its pledges not to pun-
ish the slave fot his crime, lest in so doing it should
interfere with slavery? Suppose a servile insur-
rection to have broken out in some southern State,
and the State to have called on the Federal Gov-
ernment to furnish aid for its suppression: would
the Senator have considered the Republican party
bound not to respond to this constitutional call
lest it should interfere with slavery in a State ? Or
suppose t lie slaves of the South should be armed by
their rebel mastcts and maishaled to fight against
the Union: would the Republican Senator from
Pennsylvania hesitate to direct the Union armies to
shoot them on the battle-field, lest in so doing they
should interfere with slavery ? I presume the Sen-
ator would do none of these things. Neither Con-
gress nor the General Government can do any-
thing directly for the purpose of interfering with
slavery in a State. This I admit to its fullest ex-
tent; but Congress may and ought„to provide for
the punishment of crimes committed against the
laws of the Union; it may and ought to piovide
for the suppression of lebelhon; and if in doing
this slavery suffers, or is interfered with, itis not
the Government which makes the interference,
but they who violate the laws and war againstthe
Government. So, if any slave shall ever obtain
his freedom under this bill, it will be in conse-
quence of the acts of his rebel master, and I am
not aware that the Republican party ever pledged
itself not to allow the' owners of slaves to make
them free.
1 would to God that evciy rebel in the land
would to-morrow ground the weapons of his re-
bellion, return to his allegiance, and to obedience
to the laws and Constitution. In that event this
bill if passed into a law would have no effect
either upon his property or his slaves; but if he
will continue in rebellionagainstthcGovernment,
to plunder and murder loyal citizens, I have never
pledged myself as a Republican not to mete out
to him the punishment his crimes deserve. If
this rebellion should result in fieeing the slaves
of iebcls, it will not be the first time m the history
of the world that good has come out of evil; but
it will not be the act-of Congress which makes
them free any more than it is the act of Congress
punishing the crime of larceny that makes a man
a thief.
It has been said that Congress possesses no
more power to pass this bill now than in a time of
peace. I assent to the proposition,and insist that it
would have been pei fectly competent fur Congress
to have passed such a bill at any time. Like all
criminal laws, it would remain inoperative upon
the statute-book till the offense was committed for
which ltprovided the penalty, when it would come
into play for the purpose of punishing the offend-
ers. It so happens, in the providence of God, that
