1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53$
Gladly, sir, would I record my vote to make the
sutler" only a thing of the past;" butl do not find
the way clear for the inauguration of a new sys-
tem free from abuses. The enactment of this bill
will, if it is faithfully executed, correct the evils
of the present system of sutlerships. I am confi-
dent, Mr. President, wc have so regulated the sys-
tem in this bill that its enactment will cover our
soldiers and their families with numberless bless-
ings and benefits. But if we find after this act goes
•into effect that the evils and abuses that now glare
upon us are not abated, then, before the close of
the session, we will abolish sutlers altogether, and
inaugurate the governmental policy of supplying
small stores to the Army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to insert the list of articles named by him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In order
now to perfect the first section, I move to strike
out the word " such," in the sixth line, and to
insert instead of it the word " following;" and to
strike out the word " as," in the sixth line, and
insert " which;" and after the word " service,"
in the seventh line, to insert " to wit," so that the
section will read: " A list or schedule of the fol-
lowing articles which may be sold by sutlers to
officers and soldiers of the volunteer service, to
wit," naming the articles.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I seems to me that the
seventh section of the bill should be amended. It
now provides, " that any sutler who shall violate
any of the provisions of this art shall, upon con-
viction thereof, be dismissed." Itismamfestthat
if this is an ordinary conviction by a trial 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A court-
martial.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the words " by court-
martial" ought to be inserted.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It was sup-
posed it must be done in that way, because a sut-
ler is in the Army, and subject to military regu-
lations.
Mr. SHERMAN. T move to insert the words
" by court-martial" after the words " conviction
thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I doubt the propriety of the
last amendment. It seems to me that the com-
manding officer of a regiment, when he finds that
this man, who is not connected with the regiment
and is not subject to martial law and has never
signed the Army regulations, has misbehaved, he
ought to be permtiled to throw him out of camp
without giving him a court-martial.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the section reads, it is
manifest that sutlers would have to be convicted
by .1 jury; and it might require two years after
the war was over before they could be convicted.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the section
by striking out the words "upon conviction there-
of;" then it will leave power in the colonel of a
regiment to dismiss an improper sutler instanter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
be made, if there be no objection. [" Agreed."]
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. Section seven is a most im-
portant provision of the bill, and it is yet imper-
fect. Suppose the colonel of a regiment is in col-
lusion with the sutler and refuses to remove him,
what then? There is no mode of trial pointed out
in the bill. He must be convicted in some way.
I submit to the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee whether the section ought not to be re-
drawn, so as to meet that. Wc must provide
some penalty for the violation of the provisions of
the bill—a penalty that can be enforced promptly
by martial law. It ought not io be left merely
to the discretion of one officer, because the chair-
man of the Military Committee has already proven
that several colonels have colluded with the sut-
lers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
this section was intended to mean, and I think it
must mean, that a sutler may be punished by
court-mai tial. They have had a sutler tued by
couu-mmtia! within a week in a le^iment to my
knowledge. Sutlers are liable to court-martial; it
is the only way to reach them. I am perfectly
willing to put in the words " by court-martial.''
I think that will settle the whole case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Sutlers are expressly em-
braced within the articles of war, and are subject
to trial by court-martial.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
doubt on the subject, that on any complaint being
made the sutler must be brought before a court-
martial and tried. I know that in a Massachu-
setts regiment within a few days the sutler was
brought up for allowing some soldiers to go into
his tent and gamble in the night, and ho was tried
and convicted by court-martial.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will suggest this
amendment. Make the section read:
Any sutler who Uiall violate any of the provisions of this
act shall he dismissed by the colonel, or upon conviction
thereof by a court-martial skull be dismissed from the ser-
vice.
So as to provide against any collusion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. The third section of this bill
provides for the manner in which sutlers shall be
appointed. I am not by any means prepared to
say that the mode pointed out in the section is not
the best; but very lamentable cases of collusion
between sutlers and commanders of regiments,
who have the power of appointment, have been
named to me, and 1 wish merely to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to the man-
ner in which this bill provides for their appoint-
ment, and to inquire whether or not it has been so
fully considered by him and the committee as to
justify them in the conclusion that the best mode
of appointment is that pointed out in the section.
I wish to inquire if they have considered whether,
on the whole, it would not be better if the appoint-
ment of sutler was made by some officer independ-
ent entirely of the regiment; whether the com-
mander and all the officers and all the men would
not then have a common interest that the sutler
should do his duty? if the appointing power be
in one class only belonging to the regiment, the
other class not in the appointing power may have
an interest adverse to the appointing power, and
in this way there may be troubles. There have
been troubles certainly,and they may again arise,
which might be remedied if the power of appoint-
ment was elsewhere. I merely suggest it to the
chairman of the committee, presuming that the
subject has had his consideration; and it he is sat-
isfied, on the whole, that this is the best mode of
appointment, I shall not oppose it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say,
in answer to the suggestion of the Senator from
Connecticut, that the subject has been very care-
fully considered by the committee, and wc have
come to the conclusion that the best provision to
make on the subject is to allow all the commis-
sioned officers of a regiment, being thirty-three or
thirty-four in a full regiment, to choose the sutler
by ballot. We thought that better than to leave
it to the colonel, or to any two or three officers.
We thought it would not do, either, to leave these
appointments to the Secretary of War, or to the
Governors of the States at home. They would
then be political appointments; there would be
cases of favoritism, as there have been in a great
many cases. There has been a vast deal of cor-
ruption growing out of it, and we thought the
safest thing was to trust all the commissioned
officers of a legimcnt; for a sutler could not very
easily corrupt the whole of those officers.
Air. FOSTER. I see that is the case in regard
to regiments that arc brigaded; but in unattached
regiments the appointment is given to the colonel
alone, as I read the bill.
Mr. WILSON, ofMussachusetts. I think yon
are mistaken.
Mr. FOSTER. I think that is the provision
in the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor from Connecticut is certainly mistaken in that.
In fixing the piices of the articles, the colonel,
lieutenant colonel, major, and two captains actm
unattached regiments:
The commanding ntheer of each unattached rogmiont
Mull, in like inamtei, eauM> a -election of a • title r to he made
foi .-ueli H'srnnent, who shali ho &<>!<  sutler of s-aul lcjnmi'ut.
Anv vacancy ui the officc of mxUlm. (10m any eau-e, Fhull
be tilled in the &anie way as an oa^inal appointment.
Always to be filled by all the commissioned
officers of the regiment, and I think, certainly,, it
is the safest place to trust that power.
Mr. FOSTER. I see that the Senator is cor-
rect in that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
was proposed by the Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Lane] to strike out the whole bill and insert a
substitute. That proposition is now in order.
The substitute was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third"
reading; it was read the third time, and passed.
PROPOSED EXPULSION Otf MR. BRIGHT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Wilkinson, for the
expulsion of Hon. Jesse D. Bright.
Mr. SAULSBCJRY. Mr. President, I cannot
permit this discussion to close without submitting
some reflections which it naturally suggests.
When a people are mad, their representatives are
seldom wise. Amid the volcanic throes of revo-
lution the voice of reason is too seldom heeded,
and passion too often rules supreme. It is only
when the storm has passed and the natural calm
succeeded thatimpartial history records her judg-
ment of the wisdom or folly, the madness or so-
briety of our actions. The extravagances of the
present will amaze the future; and even we who
are actors in our nation *s saddest drama will won-
der at our delusions and our follies when time shall
have soothed the passions and experience taught
us wisdom. The philosophic student of current
events will only glean from them the same lessons
taught m the experience of the past, and future
ages will be no more instructed by them than have
we been by the warnings engraved on the ruins
which strew the path way of lost empires. Our
amazement should therefore diminish and our
prejudices somewhat abate when we reflect that
those now temporarily clothed with power abuse
its exercise, and in the name of justice and patriot-
ism blindly stab the one and betray the other.
They obey a fixed law of human action, and are
scarcely more, however otherwise they seem, than
unconscious instruments m working out the prob-
lem of events.
Of the same character as are many of the inex-
plicable phenomena of political and party action
which wc of late have constantly witnessed is tho
proposition now before the Senate—the proposi-
tion to expel the honorable Senator from Indiana.
Reason, justice, common sense have nothing to
do with it; for the reason that reason, justice, and
common sense have well nigh lied the land. Wc
have much of the reason of Robespierre, Marat,
and Danton;none of the wisdom of Washington,
Jefferson, and Franklin. The Mountain reigns,
and woe to him who is not of the Mountain.
This debate illustrates what I have said. In
studied phrase and sonorous sentence, the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has re-
minded us that wc are engaged in one of the most
solemn acts which this body can be called upon
to perform. The sentence of a court in a capital
case, he informs us, is hardly more solemn than
the decree of the Senate in expelling a Senator;
for the reason that, "though your judgment can-
not takeaway life, it may take away all thatgives
value to life." Sir, it is natural to suppose that
one thus feeling the solemnity of the act in which
he was about to participate, would have felt bound
to act as the impartial judge rather than as tho
■vindictive prosecutor. Hut " nursing his wrath
to keep it warm," under the color of a mock so-
lemnity, and relying upon tho impunity of official
position, with the spirit of a Jeffreys, and in im-
itation of his example, he insults his supposed
victim under the pretense of doing justice to the
Senate. Oh! Justice, what wrongs have been
perpetrated in thy name! Oh' Patriotism, what
crimes are sought to be shielded by thee!
Hut, sir, I will not allow myself further to no-
tice the speech of that Senator. Even the names
of Catiline and Arnold seem less odious since they
receive its censure,and an honest fame" will shine
more brightly from not receiving its praise. The
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] with a deli-
cacy doubtless appreciable by himself, however
imperceptible by others, assigns a reason personal
to himself fur mingling in this debate, and ani-
madverts upon a matter dehors the record—the
opposition of his colleague to the coercive policy
of this Administration; and the Senator from Ken-
