42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
37th Cong....2d Sess. Treasury Notes—Legal Tender—The Currency—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. c® Reps.
liever in and subscriber to the doctrine of State
rights as taught by the school of the Virginia poli-
ticians. Do I understand the gentleman from Cali-
fornia as indorsing that principle?
Mr. LATHAM. The honorable Senator can-
not divert me into a discussion upon party plat-
forms. What my views were as to the principles
enunciated in the platform upon which Mr. Breck-
inridge stood are in print, and he can easily ascer-
tain them. As to the doctrine of State rights my
views were well known in this body long anterior
to the nomination of Mr. Breckinridge. If by his
remark he intends to imply that I have ever in
any way indorsed one of the leading features of
the Virginia politicians, to wit: the heresy of the
right of secession, I have only to say to him that
I was among the very first upon this side of the
House on this floor, when that doctrine was boldly
asserted during the present contest, to deny any
such right, and to oppose it in every possible and
conceivahleshapein which itwasbroughtfonvard.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me
another word ?
Mr. LATHAM. Certainly, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I am glad to hear the gentleman
express his adherence to that position. He and
myself on that point, at least, agree. I hold that
the doctrine of State rights, as entertained by the
Virginia school, and now termed southern rights,
is, and has been, the mother of all our political
mischief. That is the great heresy which has de-
bauched the mind of the politicians of this coun-
try, and has enabled them to bring the present
rebellion toits great and enormous condition. But
here, sir, is what appears strange to me, that a
gentleman so opposed to the Virginia doctrine of
btate rights should have been so strong in his ad-
herence to and support of a candidate who made
that principle one of the foundation stones upon
which he built his whole system of politics.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, as I said be-
fore, upon the resolution for the expulsion of the
Senator from Indiana, I do not propose to be
drawn into a discussion as to party platforms. I
repeat what I have ever held upon this point, that
alt questions of this kind, even questions involv-
ing the rights of the States as set up by the Vir-
ginia school of politicians, and carried, in my
humble judgment, to a greater extreme than the
author of the old Virginia resolutions ever im-
agined, legitimately belong to the hustings, and
ttre not questions upon which 1 am here to he
nmiignod, even though I might agree with them
in sentiment. Sir, there is apince whereall Amer-
ican statesmen and people settle such questions.
It is the place prescribed by the Constitution it-
self, to which 1 have ever appealed. Tllc place
to settle these questions is the ballot-box, where
authority is vested by a simple paper missive to
control and mold and form our Government,
where you deposit
"That weapon tliai comes down ns atill
As miow-ilake^ fall tiium the sod,
But executes a (Vnemtm's will
Aa lightning does the will of God."
I am opposed to the doctrine of revolution in
every shape. In my humble judgment, the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, in arraigning the
Senator from Indiana for political principles that
he may have avowed and professed, is advocating
a rule winch will bring revolution within the circle
of this Chamber; inaugurating proscription for
opinion's sake; putting out1 country but one step
fiom that which the French people occupied when
they inaugurated the guillotine. It is against the
tendency of these doctrines as enunciated, as 1
understood him, by the Senator from Kentucky
calling this gentleman to an account fur his sup-
port of any one man for the Presidency on prin-
ciples professed by him, that I enter my solemn
protest.
^r" P4ZJ?; ,^1" t,le gent,enwn allow me ?
ivli. LA i. HAM. I would do so with pleasure
but f do not desire to get into a running discussion!
Mr. DAVIS. Well, the gentleman must not get
athwart of me if he wants to avoid discussion 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. RiCE i„
the chair.) The Senator from California has the
floor, a/id declines to yield.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not understand him 00, if
the Chair pleases. If he did, of course I shall sub-
mit; but I did not so understand him.
Mr. LATHAM. When I am through, the gen-
tleman can go on.
Sir, up to the meeting of Congress, in the month
of July, there had not been upon this floor any
one more consistently opposed to the whole doc-
trine of coercion than myself. I believed up to
that period that the weapon of reason should be
appealed to, and not the strong arm of the Gov-
ernment. If I had followed the advice of my wor-
thy and honorable friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] with whom I interchanged ideas, I
should probably have discovered that I had made
a great mistake. I believed, as I have said to the
Senate, that these southern people never intended
to involve this country in the struggles which now
exist, which, if they had had the common fore-
sight that belonged to human intelligence, they
must have foreseen would end in the destruction
of those very rights that they pretend now to be
fighting for.
Mr. President, I shall ever oppose, while I have
a seat upon this floor, proscription of any man for
his opinions in this body. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Senate, in these days when the ques-
tion of loyalty has assumed such varied aspects,
what would have been the condition of our coun-
try a few years ago, when the party of which, I
am a member was dominant, if, in addition to say-
ing, as it always did, that the inauguration of the
avowed principles of the Republican party would
break up (he Government, it had, as suggested by
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,] also
exorcised the power of passing judgment and ex-
pelling Senators for mere opinions expressed on
this floor ? It is safe to say that there is scarcely
a single member upon the other side of the Cham-
ber that would be here to-day to respond to his
name. What would have been thought when a
Senator on this side of the Chamber, in 1850—the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale]—introduced a petition, on the 7th day of
February, from the people of Pennsylvania and
Delaware, praying for a dissolution of the Union,
if a motion had been made to expel him from this
body? The petition which Mr. Webster said
deserved this title:
" Gentlemen members of Congress, whereas at the com-
mencement of this se^ion you and each of you took your
solemn oaths, in the presence of God and on the Holy Evan-
gelists, that you would support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States: now, therefore, we pray you to take immediate
steps to break up the Union, and ovoi throw the Constitu-
tion of the United Siat<;.«, as soon as you can. And, as in
duty bound, we will evct pray.'*
What, I ask, would have been thought, when
Mr. Chase, your Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Seward, your Secietaiy of State, were the only
members who voted with the Senator from New-
Hampshire for the reception of that petition, if a
motion had been made to drive them from this
body? What, I ask, too, would have been thought
if a motion had been made in the House of Rep-
resentatives to expel a member from Massachu-
setts, now a distinguished leader in the Union
Army, because he said, " I am willing, m a cer-
tain state ofcircumstances,toletthe Union slide?"
What would have been thought, even at this ses-
sion of Congress, if, when the nomination of the
representative of your Government at the Court
of Brazil came before us,amotion had been made
10 reject him because he had said, referring to one
of your party conventions:
" On the action of tins convention depends the fate of the
country. If the liopuhlicaiis fail at the ballot-box, we will be
lorced to drive back the slavcociacy with fire and mvohI."
What, sir, if when considering the nomination
of the gentleman who now represents your Gov-
ernment in our groat and growing interest on the
Pacific, (Mr. Rurlingame,) we had refused the
confirmation on account of his saying:
" '^ie times denuind that we must have an anti-slavery Con-
stitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and an anti-slavery God.''
What, sir, if a motion had been made to expel
the Senator who introduced a petition coming
from Republican citizens, in which they declare!
"We earnestly request Congress, at its present session,
to take such iniuatoiy measures for the speedy, peaceful,
and equitable dissolution of the Union, as tiie exigencies of
the case may requite,"
Sir, I know very well what my Republican
fuends would have said: " you are seeking to de-
stroy and break do wnone of the very corner stones
of our Government—the right of free speech and
the right of free thought." Who makes you the ;
arbiter of my thoughts or of my judgment? We
are each sent here by a State of this Confederacy
to represent her, to speak for her; and the ques-
tion is between our constituency and ourselves,
our conscience and our God. 1 concede that when
it comes to acts it is a very different question; but
when I confine myself merely to sentiments, I
concede the right to no man on this floor, and I
never will while I occupy a seat here, to expel me
because I dare announce those sentiments. Sir, we
are upon a stream, whose current is fast enough,
God knows. Let me tell the venerable, patriotic,
and talented Senator from Kentucky, that 44 the
bells of time are ringing changes fast," and the
sentiments that he uttered the other day against
emancipating and arming the slaves may not be
the ruling sentiments of the ides of October; and
he may feci that great injustice and harshness is
done to him, if, for uttering those humane senti-
ments, a majority of this body, under the domi-
nant exigencies and opinions which may at that
time exist, should attempt to hurl him from his
seat, on the ground that he himself was inconsist-
ent, according to its idea, with the true spirit of a
loyal American citizen.
Mr. President, the old landmarks of our Con-
stitution are fading fast enough. We have now
no liberty of the press. The great, striking feature
of Magna Charta, wrung from King Job n upon the
plains of Runnymede by our great British ances-
tors— the right to the writ of habeas corpus—has
gone; more than a thousand of our fellow-citizens,
without due process of law, lie rotting in your
political basttles. Sir, I trust that even if these
things are so, at least within these walls the repre-
sentatives of the people and the States shall have
the right of free speech, and the utterance of what-
ever sentiments they may see fit to proclaim, with-
out having their peers sitin judgmentupon them.
Mr. President, since this rebellion broke out;
since war became inevitable; since there was no
other resort than to the strong arm of the Gov-
ernment; since it became a death struggle for ex-
istence, I have voted, and I shall continue to vote,
for every measure to furnish money and men to
enable us to show power and strength in this con-
test. The people of this country have placed the
entire resources in the hands of the present au-
thorities; they have done that which the Athenian
poet said the people of Athens had done—they
have ceded
u The tributes of the States, the States themselves,
To lurid, to loose: to build and to destioy:
In peace, in war, to govern; nay, to rule
Their veiy late, like some bupeuur thing."
I shall stand by the national authorities so long
as they stand by the Constitution and the laws.
While the authorized Government of the United
States follows that Constitution and those laws,
it will have the sympathies of the civilized world.
Withoutsuch obedience itcannot triumph. Even
as in the darkest night the mariner trusts impli-
citly and str-ictly to the unerring pointing of the
needle upon the dial of his compass; so should we,
in this hour of our Republic's " mortal agony,"
to the chart of our liberties, as prescribed in the
Constitution of our fathers. So doing, we should
triumph, "as surely as the night succeeds the
day5'—we must triumph. But, sir, forsaking this
our chart and map, we shall, I fear, too soon be in
the deepest current of that dark and turbid stream
that has rolled through all time, bearing down-
ward the sucessive nations of the earth to the
great sea of oblivion, to be forgotten forever and
forever.
I am sorry to have occupied so much of the
time of the Senate.
TREASURY NOTES—LEGAL TENDER—THE CUfi-
HENCY.
SPEECH OF HON. C. L. VALLANDIGHAM,
01? onro,
In the House of Representatives,
February 3, 1862.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
Treasury note bill-
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said; it has been
my habit, Mr. Chairman, to premeditate, when-
ever premeditation was possible, whatever I have
had to say in this House; for no man has a right,
