1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
37th Cong....2d Sess. Treasury Notes—Legal Tender—The Currency—Mt. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Heps.
in my judgment, to obtrude his immature and
undigested thoughts and opinions upon a deliber-
ative assembly. From the laboratory of his mind
and the storehouse of his memory, it is his duty
to bring forth, at all times, as the occasion may
permit, whatever is most valuable; and there is
no such thing as inspiration in matters of either
law or legislation, and least of all, certainly, upon
questions of finance. And just at this moment
especially, the country and the Government de-
mand sound philosophy and stern facts; not vain
theories, or what is worse still, delusive and haz-
ardous experiments and contrivances. Expcri-
mentum in vili corpore; and never was the maxim
more applicable.
If, therefore, sir, I have prepared myself now
a little more elaborately than heretofore, the com-
plexity, delicacy, and magnitude, not to say nov-
elty, of the subject in late years, are my justifica-
tion. And I uo from my heart, and with the
deepest sincerity,Iamentthat I am not now master
of the whole science of political economy and
finance; and am unable therefore,and because that
I have not that divine order of intellect which is able
to seize hold of it and to comprehend and fathom
it as if by intuition, to discuss it as its immeasur-
able importance demands. It happened to me,
sir, to come into public life, and even to attain
majority, after the great questions of currency and
revenue in the administrations of Jackson, Van
Buren, and Tyler had, for the most part, been
settled, and to be familiar, therefore, chiefly with
a subject the discussion of which I would to God
had never been obtruded upon Congress or the
country, and which even now I would forever
banish from both. But at intervals in years past,
and with laborand diligence for some months past,
I have sought to master the facts and principles,
and to penetrate somewhat into the philosophical
mysteries of these great questions, and to apply
them firmly and faithfully to the present and ap-
proaching condition of the country. Committed
fully to any measure and all measures of finance
necessary to sustain as well the honor as the credit
of the country in which I was born, and the in-
tegrity of the Government of which I am a part,
and especially to adequate and just taxation for
that purpose, I propose to-day to discuss the
subjects involved in this bill to the best of my
ability, and with becoming candor and freedom,
and I may add earnestness, too; for I have the
profoundest conviction of their incalculable im-
portance to the interests, present and future, of the
United States, and of the people of this whole
continent.
Nor am I to be deterred from a faithful discharge
.of my duty by the consciousness that my voice
may not be hearkened to here or in the country,
because of the continued, persistent, but most
causeless and malignant assaults and misrepre-
sentations to which, for months past, I have been
subjected. Sir, I am not here to reply to them to-
day. Neither am i to be driven from the line of
duty by them. "Strike—but hear." Whatever
a silenced or a mendacious press, outside of this
House, may choose to withhold or to say, no
man who is fit to be a member of this House, will
allow his speech or his votes or his public conduct
here to be controlled by his personal hates or prej-
udices. Sir, I recant nothing and would expunge
nothing from the record of the past, so far as I am
concerned. But my path of duty now, as a Rep-
resentative, is as clear as the sun at broad noon.
The ship op state is cpontiie rocks. I was not
the helmsman who drove her there; nor had I part
or lot in directing her course. But now, when the
sole question is, how shall she be rescued ? I will
not any longer, oratleastnot just now, inquire who
has done the mischief. So long as they who held
control insisted that she was upon her true course
and in no danger, but prosperously upon her voy-
age though in the midst of the storm, I had a right
to resist, and did resistand denounce the madness
which was driving her headlong to destruction.
But now, that the shipwreck stands confessed,
recognize, and here declare, it to be as much mv
duty to labor for her preservation as it is theirs who
stranded her upon the beach. Within her sides
she bears still all that I have or hope for, now or
hereafter, in this life; and he is a madman or a
traitor who would see her perish without an effort
to savo. Whoever shrinks now is responsible
also, for some part at least, for the ruin which shall
follow.
In this spirit it is, sir, that I approach this great
question; and I thank the House kindly for the
attention which they seem inclined to accord to
me, and assure them that it shall not be abused.
I do not agree, Mr. Chairman, with the gentle-
man who opened this debate [Mr. Spaclding] that
this bill is a war measure. Certainly, sir, it has
been forced upon us by the war; butif peace were
restored to-morrow these $100,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes would be just as essential to the public
credit as they are to-day. The argument of " mil-
itary necessity" has been cariied quite far enough
already, without being now urged in behalf of the
proposition—so unconstitutional, disastrous, and
unjust—to make papermoney a legal tender in dis-
charge of all debts. I support this measure—not,
indeed, as reported—impossible—but as I would
haveitamended—becauseit is absolutely essential
to even the ordinary creditof the Government, and
because without it I see nothing but bankruptcy
to the Government in the midst of immense ag-
gregate wealth among the people. The credit of
the country is the honor and strength and support
of the country, and it must be maintained,at all
hazards, and no matter who is President or what
party is in power. And 1 am not willing to haz-
ard the entire credit and honor and good faith of
thecountry, because the Administration may,per-
chance, use this recuperated credit, to continue a
war which I have not approved. "War is dis-
union," said Mr. Douglas; and bankruptcy is dis-
union, and as a true Union man, I have opposed
the first, as 1 shall labor now to avert the last.
But to return. No scheme of loan, or taxation,
or national bank, or currency, or other similar con-
trivance, can bo devised and put into operation
in time to avert the ruin. Therefore the Govern-
ment must fall back upon Treasury notes for its
present support. But a single question is pre-
sented: what shall be their form, and how shall
they be floated? But inasmuch as the Government
has no money, no gold and silver com—which
is the only money in the world—these notes, in-
capable, therefore, of being the representatives of
money, must take its place as a substitute. They
must becomc currency, and pass or " run" from
hand to hand. But Treasury notes beaiing inter-
est and payable at a future day, are not fitted to
run or pass as money. They are as mere ordi-
nary promissory notes;and though often issuedin
this form—and indeed never before in any other,
except once, within the last fifty years they
never at any time passed into general circulation
or even circulation at till. They aie a particular
form of loan or indebtedness or security, and fit
subjects for speculation on the stock exchange,
but are neither money, nor the representatives
of, nor a substitute for money. If made pay-
able on demand, they need bear no interest, since
the great element of value in a paper currency is
not profit but credit. Therefore, intending that
Treasury notes should circulate and becomc a sort
of currency, this bill proposes, as did also the act
of July, 1861, that they shall bear no interest avid
be payable in gold and silver. This unquestion-
ably is the legal and inevitable inference from the
language of the act and the bill, so far as appeals
upon their face. But neither the act nor the bill,
the present nor the original bill, prescribes ex-
pressly in what they shall be paid. But both arc
"payable." Payable in what? Gold and silver,
which is the only money that by law can be re-
ceived for the public dues, or disbursed in pay-
ment of debts owing by the United States, except
that the Treasury notes already authorized ore
declared receivable also in payment of debts due
to the Government.
Sir, thisbillisin two particulars modeled, though
imperfectly, after the act of 1815; and to thatextent
I approve of the idea or theory upon which it pro-
ceeds. The issue of notes without interest, and
to circulate as currency between the Government
and its creditors and debtors, is for temporaiy
purposes, and to meet the immediate and pressing
necessities of the Government and this is the
only justification for their issue—and they are to
be funded or converted, at the will of the holder,
into six per cent, stock, redeemable twenty years
after date; and so far they are, therefore, not mere
Government paper money, like the Continental
bills of the Revolution, or the French assignats,
or the Austrian notes of 1609. Nevertheless, sir,
thereare capital objections to this bill which ought,
in my judgment, to condemn it to unanimous rep-
robation and defeat.
In the first place, sir, it precedes where it ought
to follow. It assumes that the promise to tax will
give credit before a dollar of tax has been laid;
much less collected. On the faith of this credit,
it expects the free circulation of $50,000,000 al-
ready issued, and the $100,000,000 proposed to be
issued under its own provisions. But, as if fear-
ful—and most justly, too—that the promise may
not be received for performance, and that, at last,
no adequate tax may be assessed, or, if assessed,
collected, it proceeds to declare these notes to be
money—actual, substantial, tangible, and verita-
ble money—and to be alegal tender in satisfaction
of all debts, public and private, corporate and in-
dividual, State andUnited States. Tliejudgments
of the State courts are to be discharged in these
notes, and State taxes to be paid in them. All
debts owing by the United States are to be liqui-
dated in them. They are even to be received in
payment of each other, and one promissory note
of the Government is, by compulsion of law, and,
of course, if need be, at last, by armed force, to
be taken in full discharge of another promissory
note issued by the same Government. These
notes, sir, are declared " payable to bearer." Pay-
able in what? Gold and silver and Treasury
notes. But the Government is truly apostolic in
its poverty. Silver and gold it has none. There-
fore one Treasury note is a full, authorized, com-
pulsory discharge ofanother Treasury note. Peter
is to be robbed to pay Paul; and Paul in turn is to
pay Peter for a debt of his own out of the fruits
of the robbery. In plain Knglish, and without
metaphor, one promise to pay is to be made a legal
tender in satisfaction of another promise to pay;
and the promise of the Government to pay in pa-
per, is to discharge the obligation of the contract
of the individual debtor to pay his creditor in gold
and silver. And this is the grand financial con-
trivance of the Secretary of the Treasury, with the
concurrence of one half of the Ways and Means '.
Sir, if it wore fifty-fold as constitutional as, in
my deliberate judgment, it is unconstitutional in
letter, and abhorrent to the spirit and principles
of that instrument, it could not command my sup-
port. I will not renew the discussibn of the ques-
tion of constitutional power to make Government
paper, or any other paper, a legal tender in pay-
ment of any debts, public or private, present or
prospective. My colleague from the first district
[Mr. Pendleton] the other day, with a clearness
and force never exceeded in this Hall, disposed of
that question forever. His argument liasnotbeen
answered; and, pardon me, sir, it never will be.
I concur in it all, thoroughly and totally, upon
this point. Sir, disguise it as you may, this bill
is but a forced loan from the people. It is an
abuse and a stretch of power which no Govern-
ment, except one either m the fitst throes of rev-
olutionary madness and desperation, or in the last
agonies of dissolution, or in the midst of the most
imminent danger of either bankruptcy or conquest
and overthrow, and no king or potentate, except a
usurper, ever ventured to exert. If voluntarily
submitted to, or by fear or power enforced, it will
corrupt, derange, and debase the currency, and
afflict the country with financial and commercial
disaster and ruin, and shake the foundations of
public and pi ivate credit for hal f a century to come.
But we shall be fortunate if it does not precipitate
a revolution, sooner or later, m our own midst. In
ordinary times, certainly not; but let us not for-
get that we are m the very crisis of a convulsion,
equaled by but few in the history of the world,
and where no man can reckon the course, or mo-
mentum, or extentof any movement according to
any of the ordinary laws which govern human
affairs. But, independent of all this, tiled by the
plainest principles of finance, the commonest max-
ims of political economy, as exhibited and.enforced
in the experience of other nations, this bold, but
il!-advisedand mosthazardous experimentof forc-
ing a paper currency upon the people, ought to be
met by the Representatives of the people with
unanimous and emphatic condemnation.
wise, the experiment, if successful, will be fol-
lowed by other enormous issues, till not a dollar
