1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pay a revenue to the Government, and the man
that wanted a cotton shirt should do the same
thing. It was not anybody's proposition to dis-
courage the use of these articles at all; but the
Government wanted revenue, and we thought
these were legitimate subjects of taxation, and
put on the tax. We found another proposition
here to place a tax of five cents a gallon on wine
made from grapes. The majority of the com-
mittee moved to'strike that out, leaving the tax
on boots and shoes, the tax on sugar, the tax on
coffee and tea—not in this bill, but in others—
every other necessity in the world, but struck
this out. I do not say that if it had not been in
the bill I should have considered it of sufficient
moment to run after; but I do say, if the Senate
see fit in a bill of this kind which proposes to tax
everything, the direst necessities as well as the
greatest luxuries of life, if it proposes to except
this one article of wine which only the wealthiest
in the country can command, and dare to use, I
shall not vote to concur with them,and therefore
I thought it proper to cull the yeas and nays on
this proposition. That is all 1 have to say.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no article that will stand
a tax better than wine. The tax that is proposed
is very small indeed, and one that will not be felt
by any manufacturer. It is an article that would
bear a tax of twenty cents very well. There are
a great many grapes grown in my State. In the
counties of Campbell, Bracken, and Pendleton,
there are a great many vineyards. I have a friend
who is the president of the Agricultural Society of
Kentucky who has a vineyard of forty acres. One
or two Senators have detailed expressly and au-
thentically how vines are made. Germans buy
a little hill-side and plant their vines on the sunny
side of the hill, to the extent of a quarter of an
acre or half acre or an acre. They do not man-
ufacture the juice into wines themselves at all.
They simply express it and then sell it to some
man who manufactures wines, and who buys all
the expressed grape juice from the small cultiva-
tors of vines in his neighborhood, and has a wine
cellar and makes wine. The vine-growers tell
mo that the grape will yield t.hem from $400 to
$600 an acre by the sale of the expressed juice.
That is what was told me by Colonel Bradford,
who is one of the largest vine-growers in the
western country. He has a vineyard of forty or
fifty acres, and he says he makes from §400 to $600
an acre off his grapes. They put their juice into
vats, and they have it fermented, and then they
bottle the wines and sell them from a dollar to a
dollar and a half for a quart bottle. I was in a
wine cellar last fall that was away below the sur-
face of the earth two or three stories, in which
there were between three and four millions of bot-
tles of winp. The wines are made of two prin-
cipal grapes, or one mainly now, as the Catawba
has superseded all other gtapes in the manufac-
ture of wine. We have a small quantity from
the Isabella grape in the neighborhood of Cincin-
nati, which sells at a dollar and a half a bottle.
The Catawba grape sells at about a dollar or a
dollar and a half by the manufacturer. Here is
a tax of five cents on the gallon laid upon the wine,
not upon the juice; and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance shows that persons who laise
any for their own consumption, or beyond a cer-
tain amount,are not taxed at all. It would only
be the large manufacturers of wine that would
come under the operation of this law. They would
sell a gallon of their wine for from five to six dol-
lars, and would be taxed five cents a gallon for it.
If whisky can submit to a tax of twenty cents on
nineteen cents' vvoith, it seems to me wine can
submit to a L>x of fiveccnts upon from five to six
dollars' worth without any sort of difficulty.
Mr. McDOTJGALL. I do not know how well
informed the Senator from Kentucky or the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin may be on this subject. They
speak generally; I will speak particularly. I am
inclined to think there is not a person engaged in
the wine business, as a business, now in the Uni-
ted States, who has made it as yet a matter of profit.
We have, in the city of San Fiancisco, perhaps
half a dozen of what we call wine cellars, where
the manufacturers deposit their wine. There are
two or three others m the State. There is not a
person who is engaged m the business who has
ever undertaken to contemplate the idea of profit,
it is an entei prise m which they look toi profit in
future years. They are mostly Europeans, who
have different notions from our American people,
who always demand an immediate profit. They
expect, if they can succeed by the investment of
large capital, in the course of a few years to make
it a profitable enterprise, they are justified in the
enterprise. It is now, independent of the original
investment, a loss, and they expect it to be a loss
for years to come; and in Ohio, if I am advised
correctly, it is the same thing. It is a new enter-
prise engaged in by Mr. Longworth; not because
he expected to derive from it immediate profits,
but because he thought it a legitimate enterprise
that would hereafter result profitably to the coun-
try. I am told that, instead of being a gainer, he
has been a loser in the trade. I believe it has not
been a profitable business to any one concerned in
it. I know very well, for I have been particularly
informed by the people of my own State who have
embarked in it, mostly Germans, who have in-
vested a very considerable amount of capital, that
have not yet began to realize profits, or think of
profits, and do not propose to look for profits for
four or five years to comc.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to ask my friend
from California whether his German fellow-citi-
zens have indulged in this cultivation as a matter
of fancy or speculation?
Mr. McDOUGALL. As a matter of business,
hoping for profitable returns in five or six years.
In the first place, wine of a certain class takes
years to become valuable, or to acquire any con-
siderable value; for instance: it will take our Cal-
iforniawinesfive or six years to be a merchantable
commodity in the eastern and European markets.
If you take a new wine just from the press, it is
not a merchantable commodity. We have not a
single vintage earlier than 1856, and that hns been,
as ouroldestvintage, exhausted; 1857is the next;
that has not the age, the ripeness necessary to en-
able us to compete with the same class of wines
from abroad. It takes years to develop this busi-
ness; it takes years to organize it; and it is just
on the threshold of the enterprise.
Now, let me say a word with regard to the com-
parison made by the Senator from Kentucky be-
tween whisky and wine. Wine that may be made
to compete with ours is made in Germany and
brought to our ports at twenty cents a gallon.
New wine, just from the press, has no such price
as indicated by him. The German drinks his
wine not as a luxury, but as a habit; he drinks
his cheap wine, for which he pays twenty-five
cents a quart; he pays as much as he expects to
pay wheie he drinks it; and it is a common and
usual beverage. We propose to introduce our
own wine against the wine the Germans have been
in the habit of importing for their own use. The
Germans manufacture it, generally, themselves.
It is not a five or six dollar wine; it is not a two
dollar wine. It is true, when it has been prepared
carefully in the form of champagne, and things
of that kind, it acquires a higher value; but here
is a tax upon the wine as it comes from the wine
press; as it comes from the manufacturers. It is a
burden that will embarrass the business; it will be
a very large percentage upon the cost of produc-
tion. If it is an interest that should he promoted,
this tax willprejudice it; and,for myself,I would
rather tax whisky a dollar a gallon than wine a
farthing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Minnesota to re-
consider the vote on this amendment.
Mr.GRIMES calledfor theyeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BROWNING. I think it would be unwise j
to lay a tax which would involve the necessity of ;
taking a part of the revenues derived from other j
articles to pay for its collection after it was laid, j
and I believe that would be the result of this tax. j
| That would be one consequence. I have no idea j
; that a tax upon domestic wines would pay the ,
cost of levying it and collecting it. Another effect >
would be to discourage an interest which is just j
now springing up in the country. In the States ;
of Illinois, Imhcina, Ohio, and Missouri, it is be- i
, ginning to be an interest of some value. The I
' Germans arc getting little patches of land along I
the brakes of lakes and rivers, and embarking m ;
t*he culture of the grape. I feel perfectly satisfied j
that the tax would not yield enough to pay the j
cost of levying and collecting it, and we should
have to draw on the revenues derived from other
sources to meet the expense.
The question- being taken hy yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays SI; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Cowan, Dfxnn, Grimes, Har-
ris, King, Latham, McDougaN, Rice, Sherman, Simmons,
Stark, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson of Massachusetts—:-15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlilc, Chandler, Clark, Da-
vis, Dooliitle, Pessenden, Fool, Foster, Hale, Harlan, How-
ard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Morrifi, Pomeroy, Powell,
Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wright—21.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to".
The next excepted amendment was to strike
out the following clause:
On and after the 1st day of May, 1862, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid, a tax of one ccnt per pound on
ail cotton held or owned by any per&on oi persons, corpo-
ration, or association of persons ; and such tax shall be a
lien thereon in the possession of airy person whomsoever.
And further, if any person or peisons, corporations, or as
sociation of persons, shall remove, carry, or transport the
same from the placc of its production befoie said tax shall
have been paid, such person or persons, corpoiation,oras-
association of persons, shall forfeit and pay to the United
Siaies double the amount of such tax, to be recovered in
any court having jurisdiction thereof: Provided, however,
That the Commissioner of Internal JRevenue is hereby au-
thorized to make such rules and regulations as be may
deem propei loi the payment of said tax at places different
from that of the production of said cotton : And provided
further, That all cotton owned and held by any manufac-
turer of cotton fabrics on the 1st day of May, 1862, and prior
thereto, shall be exempt fiom the tax hereby imposed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me suggest to' the Sena-
tor that it would be better to allow the vote to be
taken on this proposition, whether we concur with
what was done in committee; that was in striking
out. If we should not concur, then the proposi-
tion .being in, the bill would be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will state what my amend-
ment is. I would prefer to have a vote on my
amendment before striking it cut.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should prefer to strike out
entirely.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment I propose
is in line two hundred and eighty-one, after the
word " one," to insert " half," reducing the tax
one half cent; and then at the end of the section
to add this proviso: m
Jiiut -provided further, Thai from the tax herein imposed
upon the manufactures of cotton, there shall be deducted
six mills per pound.
The two belong together. If the tax is reduced
to one half cent a pound, and then the six mills
per pound is deducted from the manufactured arti-
cle, it makes the tax on the manufactured article
the same as it is now. I placc theamount of the
tax on the raw material at six mills instead of five
mills per pound, because it takes one hundred
pounds of cotton to make eighty-eight pounds of
manufactured goods. If the tax is reduced to one
half cent, and the proviso is adopted, the tax on
the manufactured goods will be precisely the same
as it is now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose every man who
is opposed to punishing rebels will vote to strike
this out. I expect it. Every man who is in favor of
letting the rebels go scot free, and in favor of the per-
petuation of negro cotton-growing, of course will
vote to strike this out. Every rebel will vote for
it; every disunionist will vote for it; every traitor
will vote for it; and I do not think any loyal man
will vote to strike it out. I do not think any loyal
man can. Cotton is the source of this rebellion;
cotton originated this rebellion; cotton was king.
Now, sir, I do not believe that a loyal man in this
Senate will vote to strike that out. I believe that
every loyal man will vote to make cotton pay the
cost of this infernal rebellion,and traitors will vote
to strike it out. I hope the vote will be taken naked
and simple. I know that every man who is in
favor of punishing rebels will vote for it, and every
man who is not will vote against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator from Rhode
Island insist on a vote on his amendment!
Mr. ANTHONY. If the amendment that I
have offered prevails, I shall vote against concur-
ring with the committee in striking out. If the
amendment does not prevail, 1 shall vote to strike
it out.
INftr. SUMNER. I would rather that the vote
should be taken firston concurring with theamend-
ment made m Committee of the Whole, and if the
Senate does not concur the way will be open to
amendment in the Senate.
