1862.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE;
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded a sep-
arate vote on that amendment.
Mr. McKNIGHT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pike and
Alley were appointed.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
One hundred and sixty-fourth amendment:
Tnserl:
19. Juirglers shall pay for each license twenty dollars.
Every peivon who pei forms by sleight of hand or feats of
prestidigitation shall bo regarded as a juggler under this act.
Mr. STEVENS demanded a separate vote.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes fifty-six, noes not counted.
The Clerk read, as follows:
33. Claim agent-' '•hall pny ton dollars for each license.
Eveiy person \vho-«e lawnes.* it is to prosecute claims in
any of the Executive Departments ol the Federal Govern-
ment thai! he deemed a claim agent under this act.
Mr. WICKL1FFE, by unanimous consent,
moved to insert the words 44 and agents for pro-
curing patents," after the words "claim agent,'/
and to insert, after the word " Government," these
words, 45 or to procure patents."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 63. And be it fmther enacted, That where the an-
nual gro^s receiptor tales of any apothecaries, confection-
ers, eating-house^, tobacconists, oi ictail dealers,shall not
exceed-the sum ot $1,000, s-ucii' apothecaries, confection-
ers. eating-houses, and letail dcalcis shall not be icquiicd
to take out oi pay lor licensc, anything in this act to the
contrary notwithstanding; the amount or estimated amount
of such annual sales to be ascertained or climated in such
manner as the Comim&sioner of Internal llevenue shall
piescribe.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, moved to add the
following:
And *o of all other annual sales or receipts wbne the
rate of the license is giaduated hy the amount of sales or
receipts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to go back to the paragraph
about "jugglers," and to add the following:
The piopuetorx or agents of ail other public exhibitions
oi shows loi money, not cnumeiatcd m this section, shall
pay for each license ten dollars.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was agreed to.
One hundred and ninety-seventh amendment:
Provided, That in all cases of goods manutactuied, in
whole or in part, upon commission, or where the mateiial
is fmnishcd by one party and manufactured by another, if
the manufacture! shall be required to pay under thi.s net ibe
tnx hereby imposed, sueh prison oi persons so paying the
same shall be entitled to collect the amount thereof of thi
owner or owners, and shall have a hen tor the amount thus
paid upon the manuiactuied goods: Provided further, That
the taxc* on goods, waies, or merchandise, manufactured
in pn>-uance of contiaets made befoie the passage ot this
act shall be paid by the puichaseis on dehveiy theieof, and
a statement of the names and places ot jesidenee ot «.uch
purchaseror purchasers shall be furnished by the said man-
ufacturer, as may be icquued by the Commissioner ot In-
ternal Revenue : And ptoridcd'fuifhcr, That the taxe-* on
all articles manufactured and sold, in puisuanceof contracts
bona fide made before the 3d day of March, 1853, shall be
paid by the purchaser thereof under iemulations to be es-
tablished by the Commissioner of Internal llevenue.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. The second
proviso in that amendment was rejected in the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof thcUmon.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask a separate vote on the
several provisos.
There was no objection.
The first proviso was agreed to, and the second
disagreed to.
The question recurred on the third proviso, and
on a division there were—ayes 51, noes 30; no
quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ouh-ied; and Messrs. Dun'LAP and
Sheffield were appointed.
The proviso was agreed to, the tellers having
reported—ayes 60, noes 40.
The Cleric read, as follows:
In case no such paity or place can be found, winch fact
shall b:> determined by the collector's jetuin on the
jnutis, snch notice, m the nature of a summons, Mi ail be
given by advertisement for the teim ot three weeks in
one newspaper m the distiiet neatest to the place of such
sale.
Mr. HOOFER moved to strike out the word
" district," and to insert the word " county," m
lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Two hundred and eleventh amendment:
Strikeout the words in biackets.
Sec. 71. And he it furlhej enacted. That all goods", wares,
and merchandise, or su titles manu.actured or made hy any
person oi prisons not f n sale, but tor hi&Jiei, or Ihutrown
use or consumption, [and all goods, wares, and merchan-
dise or articles, manufactured or made and sold, except
spirituous and malt liquors, and leaf,stem, or manufactured
tobacco, where the annual product shall not cxceed the
sum of $500,] shall be and are exempt from duty.
Mr. STEVENS demanded a separate vote.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Two hundred and twelfth amendment:
Strike out the following:
Proiided, That this shall not apply to any business or
transaction wheie one party furnishes the materials, or any
pait thereof, and employs another party to nianu<actuie,
make, or finish the goods, wares, and merchandise or arti-
cles, paymg or promising to pay theretor, and receiving the
good-, waie?, and merchandise oi articles ; but in ail t-ueh
cases the partv furnishing the materials and receiving the
goods, wares and meichandifc or at tides, shall be liable to
and charged with all acciuing duties thereon.
Mr. STEVENS demanded a separate vote.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WADSWORTII moved to strike out the
following:
Proi ulcd, That in estimating the duty on leaf, stemmed,
or unmanufactured tobacco, the quantity actually *old, re-
moved for consumption, or placed on shipboard by the pro-
ducer, shall be the quantity or amount upon which said duty
shall be assessed, paid, and collected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT moved to insert the words
" than agents;" so that the section would read:
Sec. 73. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the said 1st day of May, 186:2, upon the article's, goods,
wares, and merchandise, hereinafter mentioned, which
shall thereafter be produced and sold, or he manufactured
or made and >-old or removed for consumption, or for deliv-
ery to others than agents within the United States or Ter-
ritories thereof, there shall he levied, collected, and paid the
following duties, to be paid by the pioduecr oi luamilac-
tuiertheicof, that is to say, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Two hundred and twenty-first amendment:
Jnseil:
On antlnacite coal, fifteen cents per ton ; on bituminous
coal, one eighth of one cent pei bushel.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Clerk has not read
the whole of the amendment. The remaining
portion is as follows:
Provided, That this tax on coal shall not take effect till
the expiration of the reciprocity tieaty with Gieat Britain.
Mr. COX. They are separate and distinct
amendments, as the Globe will show.
The SPEAKER. The record shows that they
fire separate amendments.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask for a division of the
amendment, to have the question first taken on the
tax on anthracite coal, and next on the tax on
bituminous coal.
The SPEAKER. An amendmentof the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union is
not divisible.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yea«? and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest that
the yeas and nays be omitted on this amendment,
and that they be taken on the proviso.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to that, so far
as I am concerned.
Mr. 1IUTCHINS. I object.
Mr. COX. I hope nry colleague will not ob-
ject, as the proviso practically nullifies the tax.
Mr. HUTCH1NS. 1 insist upon the yeas and
nays.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 85, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Mescr*. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Dakei, Beaman,
Francis P Blair, Jacob B Blair, George H. Browne, Wil-
liam G. Btown, Buthnton, Calvert, Casey, Chambeilin,
Clark, Clements, Cobb. Colfax, Fiedeiick A.v Conkling,
llo^coe Conkling, Cox. (havens, Crittenden, Dawe*, Del-
ano. Dolaplaine, Djven, Duel!. Eliot. English, Fenton. L'es-
senden, Prank, Gianger. Gi ulei, Guiloy, Li,tight. Hall, Har-
ding, Ilaui-ou. Hickman. Julian, Franei- \V. Kellogg,
Knapp, Lan-mg, L;iw, Loomis, Lo\e]oy, Menzies, Alison
P. Mouill. \ob!e, Norton, Nugen, Ohn, Pendleton, Perry,
Timothy (* Phelps. Pike, Pomeioy, Bolter. Alexander if.
Rice, John II Kiee, Biehai.Kon, Edward II. Rollins, James
S Rollins. tfln uiejd. SheIlabaiaPi,Shuin<xri« bhiel, Sloan,
Smith, John 1) &tee]e. William G Steele, Train, Vallan-
di^hanr, Van Hoi-n, Vooihee-. Waid. W.i&hburnc. Wobstei,
Wheelei. Alix . t S. White. Chilton A. White, VViekliffe,
Wilson, and Wotcostei—to.
NAYS—'Mos -i- Babbitt, Baxter, Biddie. Bingham, Sam-
uel S. Plan. Ulake, Campbell Davi-. Dunlap, Dunn, Ed-
gciion. Ft-ici. 11 <Me, Hooper. Morton. Hutching Keliey,
Jiaz ai.Lcan L. innan, .MeKnuht, Mailoiy, .Mooilnail.
Justin S. >Ion:ii, .Moms, P.uton. Porter,lltddio. Sargent,
Shanks. Spairlunig. Steven-, Stiaiton. Fianct.- Thomas
Verree, Wadsworthj Wallace, F, Walton, and Wright
So the amendment was agreed to.
Amendment two hundred and twenty-one and
a half: r
Insert the following: ' ;
Provided, That this tax on coal shall not take "effect]
the expuation ot tlie reciprocity treaty with Great Britain.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iask fora sep-~
arate vote upon that amendment.
Mr. HICKMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ' -
The question was put; and it was decided In lb.e'
negative—yeas 41, nays 86-, as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Babbitt, Baxter, Biddie, Bingham, Sam-
uel S. Blair. Blake, Campbell, Clements, Covode, Davis,
Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Fisher, Grider, Hale, Hooper,
llorton, Ilmehms, Julian, Kelley, Lcarv, Lehman, Mc-
Kuiiiht, McPhcrson, Mallory, Meir/aes, Moorhead, Justin
S. Morrill, Moiri?, Potter, Riddle, Sargent,Stevens, Strat-
um, France Thomas, Verree, Wadsworth, Wallace, E. P.
Walton, and Wright—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Ashley, Baker,
Beaman, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair. George H.
Biownc, William G. Brown, Bufiinton, Calvert, Casey,
Chamberhn. Clark, Coblr, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
llosscoe Conkling, Cox, Cravens, Crittenden, Dawes, Del-
ano, Delaplarne, Diven, Duell, Eliot, English, Fenton,
Fessenden, Frank, Gooch, Granger, Gurlev, Haight, Ilail,
Harding, Harrison,Hickman, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Knapp,
Lansing, Law, LoomJs, Lovejoy, Mitchell, Anson P. Mor-
lill, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Ohn, Pendleton, Perry, Tim-
othy G. Phelps,Pike, Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander H.Rice,
John II. Rice, Kichardsou, Edward II. Itollins, Jatnes S.
Rollins, Shank.s, Sheffield, ShelJabarger, Sherman, Shiel,
Sloan, Smith, Spaukhne, John IJ. Steele, William G.
Steele,Train, Vallandigham, Van Horn, VanValkenburgh,
Voorhees, Wa«hbui nc, Webster. Wheeler, Albert S. Wlute,
Chilton A.White, Wickhfle, Wilson, and Worcester—86.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Two hundred and twenty-fourth amendment:
Strike out the following :
Twenty-five cents foi one thousand cubic feet: Provided,
Thar all ^as furnished tor lighting stref-t lamp*, and for
lighting single dwHling-hou&e^, when specially m;rde by the
owiK'is oi occupants thereof tor that purpose und.notlor
tale, shall be exempt from dutj : Provided, That'all ^as
companies; aie heiebv authorized to add the duty or tax im-
posed by this act to the puce per thousand cubic feet on
ga^s sold, any limitation which may exist m the chatter of
said eonmnnies or laws ot any State to thc contrary not-
withstanding.
And insert the following:
When the piodtict shall be not above live hundied thou-
sand cubic feet per month, five cents per one thousand cubic
feet; when the product shall be above five handled thou-
sand, and not exceeding five millions of cubic feet per
month, ten cents per one thousand cubic feet; when the
product shall be above five millions, and not exceeding fit-
teen nnlhorid of cubic feet per month, fifteen cents pei one
thousand cubic feet; when the product .shall be above fif-
teen millions of cubic feet per month, twenty cents per one
thousand cubic feet, and thogcneral .nerage of themonthly
product for fbe year preceding (he lefnin required by this
act shall regulate the late or duty herein imposed; and
wheie any gas. company shall not have been in operation
for the year next piecedmg the return as atoiesaid, then
the late shall be regulated upon the estimated average of the
monthly product: Piovided, That the product required to
be ictuincd by this act shall be undei*-tood to be tire piodtict
ehnrged in the lulls actually rendeied by any gag company
during the month preceding the loturn. and all gas compa-
nies ale heieby authorized to add the duty or tax imposed
by this act to the price pei thousand cubic h:et on ga'< sold,
any limitation winch may ex'ist in the chattel ot sard com-
panies oi laws ot any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing: Provided far thai, That aii ga-j furnished lor J.ghting
street lamps mid not measuicd, and all gas made for and
used by any hotel, inn, tavern, and private dwellmg-hou^e,
shall be subject to duty, and may be estimated; and it the
letuin- in any ease ^hall be understated or underestimated,
it shall be the duty of the- assistant a^cssoi of the district
to increase the same as he shall deem just and proper: Jbid
prodded furthei, That coal tar produced in the manufac-
ture of illuminating gas; and the pioduets of the redistilla-
tion of coal tar thus produced, s-hall be exempt from duty.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask for a separate vote
upon that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. On page 92, line three hun-
dred and ten, is the clause " on bent, butt, and
harness leather, one and one luilfeents per pound."
I desire to amend that clause by striking out the
words "and one half." I understand that the
Committee of Ways and Means have no objec-
tion to that amendment.
Mr. CALVERT. I object.
Mr. POTTER. I stated that the Committee of
Ways and Means consent to this amendment. I
understand that ihc putting on that one half cent
was a mistake.
Mi. CALVERT. I insist upon my objection.
Two hundud and eightieth amendment:
Jn-eit a 5 i.illov/s :
on and ait"! t;!(. j-t dsu of Mav, lSr>2. there shall be lev-
