2526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
Mr. SHERMAN. I may say that I am told
by a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means that the increased duty on foreign articles
manufactured, and which will be brought in com-
petition with domestic articles, is in that bill a lit-
tle higher than the proposed tax by this bill, so
that after all the balance of protection will still be
in favor of *>ur'home industry. I think that is
right; I do not object to it; it is good old-fash-
ioned "Whig doctrine, and I believe in it. We
ought to protect our industry. The manfacturer
of New England cannot complain, because he is
protected by an additional tariff, and he collects
this additional duty from the consumer, and it
makes no difference to him whether he sells the
manfactured article abroad, or whether it is con-
sumed at home; it is sufficiently protected by the
tariff, and the manufacturer in Manchester pays
the same duty that lie does himself. Thus, there
is no way in which our manufacturer is injured,
and indeed he is not affected except that lie will
have to advance in the first instance this one cent
a pound on the cotton, which he will finally col-
lect, with the balance of the cost of the fabric,
from the consumers all through the country. I
think it is a tax that ought to be imposed, and not
to impose it would be to throw away a handsome
source of revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to add this pro-
viso at the end of the section:
Provided, That a drawback to the amount of one cent
per pound shall be allowed on all cotton exported in a
manufactured state.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not necessary. At
first I thought it was necessary, but now I do not
think it is, and I will state the reason why. The
manufacturer in Manchester pays this one cent
just as well as the manufacturer in Lowell, and
consequently it is not necessary in order to put
them on a footing of equality. If the manufac-
turer in Manchester exports his goods to Mexico,
for example, and the manufacturer at Lowell ex-
ports his to Mexico, both have paid the same duty
on the cotton, and enter into competition on equal
terms.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they send their goods
here.
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppose the goods manu-
factured in Manchester are made of cotton from
India or Egypt?
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes no difference,
because those cottons do not come in competition
witli ours.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is not altogether so.
I understood the Senator to say that India cotton
had not gone up in price.
Mr. SHERMAN. I heard some one say so.
Mr. ANTHONY. It must have been some one
ignorant of the facts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move the proviso; it is
simply a drawback on the cotton when exported
in the manufactured state, and then I propose
when we come to the section on drawbacks to ex-
cept the duty on unmanufactured or raw cotton.
I move to amend this clause by adding:
Jlnd provided further, That a drawback of one cent per
pound shall be allowed on all such cotton when exported in
a manufactured state.
Mr. ANTHONY. Theie ought to be more
than a cent a pound allowed, because there is the
waste.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^ I do not think it is worth
while to look at that. The cent a pound gives
advantage enough.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is not necessary, as
I said a moment ago, in order to protect the manu-
facturer in this country, because the manufac-
turer at Manchester, and the manufacturer at
Lowell pay the same duty. It is not necessary
to give a drawback on the manufactuied article
in order to keep them on a footing of equality,
and secure a fair competition. But there is this
difficulty: cotton enters into a vast number of ar-
ticles as one element only; for instance, there are
some cloths which are partly cotton and partly
wool, and m those eases how can the quantity of
cotton be ascertained? Cotton enters into a vast
quantity of articles in a mixed state, m which you
cannot distinguish between the cotton and the
wool, the cotton and thestlk, and so oil. I think, 1
therefore, it would be perfectly impossible to '
allow this drawback. I do not object to increas- !
ing the duty on imported goods brought here. I
think we ought to add a considerable increase,
sufficient to cover all waste and a margin too. I
think this provision would be practically difficult
of execution if it should be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will not be the
slightest difficulty in the world. The amount of
any constituent, if I may so call it, that goes into
any of these manufactures, can be ascertained to
a certainty. It is done with the goods imported
at the custom-houses. It is a matter of every-day
occurrence there. Besides, if we do not do this,
the result is that the cotton goes to England, and
when it gets there, it is manufactured and comes
back here. We might put it in the drawback
section, but I think we might as well put it in
here.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it be put in, it ought to
be put in there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. If a duty of one cent is put on a pound
of cotton, the manufacturer abroad and our own
manufacturers will stand on the same footing. If
the cent a pound is put on, they will be perfectly
equal. But if you put an additional drawback in
favor of our manufacturers when they manufac-
ture "the cotton into coarse cloths and send them
abroad, they do not stand on the same footing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are you not willing to
give our manufacturers an advantage ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think our manufacturers
get the advantage in the tariff which we have on
the importation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has not been passed
yet.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They have it in the tariff
that now exists. If you want to have the thing
start even, put a tax of a cent a pound on cotton,
and have no drawback on the raw cotton thatgoes
out of the country. Then the manufacturers here
will start even with the manufacturers abroad on
the price of cotton. I do not think the provision
suggested by the Senator from Maine is necessary
to defend our manufacturers.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Wisconsin, so that he will see
that it is necessary. England at this time,and for
some months, has been gettinga supply of coarse
cotton from Central America and South America.
There is no tax on that. They take that coarse
cotton and manufacture into coarse goods, on
which there is no tax. They occupy those mar-
kets. Wc cannot compete with them unless there
is a drawback. It is necessary for that purpose,
if for no other.
Mr. SUMNER. The argument of the Sena-
tor from Ohio and the Senator from Wisconsin
has as its postulate that our country is the only
source of supply to Manchester. Now, I sub-
mit to their good judgment that that is not sound.
It is perfectly well known that the greatest possi-
ble efforts are now being made to find cotton in
Africa and India, and though those efforts have
not yet been completely successful, there are many
who do anticipate from them considerable suc-
cess. It is well known that there are considera-
ble supplies from those regions.
Mr. ANTHONY. Three eighths of the cotton
the English use they get from there, and perhaps
the proportion now is as much as one half.
Mr. SUMNER. How do we know that next
year it may not be doubled? The whole growth
of cotton in all those countries is quickened im-
mensely by our present rebellion, and it seems to
mo erroneous legislation for us to proceed on a
postulate like that of the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Then, sir, there is a business, to which I alluded
the other day when this subject was discussed
before, which goes on between Boston and China,
and also between New York and China, in which
cotton is used instead of bills of exchange. That
business, 1  m told, cannot bear an additional one
per cent. It will stop that business, and it is
through that business a very large amount of cot-
ton fabrics are sent to the East Indies, to Calcutta,
and to China. I think the argument of the Sen-
ator from Ohio is unsound. I think that we ought
to luuu this drawback. Indeed, I go still further,
as 1 have already said, and I think that the ori-
ginal tax ought not to be imposed; but if you choose
to impose that tax, you ought to add to it the
drawback, as is moved by the Sena tor from Maine.
Mr. COWAN. I think these manufacturers
do not stand upon the same footing, if you impose
one cent upon cotton. Our manufacturers hero
pay a cent a pound upon the raw material, and
pay a duty on the manufactured article besides.
Theforeignmanufacturerpaysone centon cotton,
and he pays no duty on his manufactured article.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. He pays the import
duty under the tariff.
Mr. COWAN. Suppose he does, he does not
pay that in India and elsewhere where he comes
in competition with our goods. That is the diffi-
culty about it. It is perfectly plain to me that here
we are imposing a double duty upon our own man-
ufacturer, whereas the foreign manufacturer goes
into market and competes with us with a single
one. I may be wrong about it; but that is the
way it strikes me now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. ANTHONY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate adjourn. I think there is not a quorum
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Harris, Sumner,
Trumbull, and Wilson of Massachusetts—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning. Catiile, Clark, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Howard,
Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDougal, Pom-
eroy, Powell, Sherman, Simmons, Stark, Ten Eyck, Wil-
ley, and Wright—25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting, and the Senate refuses to adjourn.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to request the attendance of absent
Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. FOOT. I still retain the floor. I do not
think it worth while to play with this matter any
longer. It is apparent that we shall not succeed
in securing the attendance of a majority to-night,
and therefore I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 3, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEMBER OF A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Mr. Segar a member of the Committee
for the District of Columbia, in place of Mr. Ros-
COE conkling eXCUSCd.
NEW MEMBER.
Mr. BIDDLE. I rise to a question of privilege.
Hon. John D. Styles, of the seventeenth congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania is present, and I
ask that he be sworn in.
Mr. STYLES presented himself and took the
usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
NEW STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I am
instructed to present a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Virginia, also the petition of Charles B.
Hall and others, asking Congress to admit West
Virginia into the Union as an independent State.
I ask leave to file with the petition a duly certified
copy of the act of the Legislature of Virginia, giv-
ing its consent to the formation of a new State of
forty-eight counties known as the northwestern
counties of Virginia; also a copy of the constitu-
tion and schedule adopted by the people of the pro-
posed State; and move their reference to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. COX. I move that the papers which the
gentlemen presents be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Similar papers
were referred in the Senate to the Committee on
Territories, and the friends of this measure would
like to have the papers referred to the Committee
on Territories of this House. The precedents
herctofoie have been to refer such matters to a
special committee. I have looked into them; but
as the Senate thought proper to refer this whole
