1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
led, collected, and paid a tax of one ccnt per pound on all
cotton held ot owned !>y any peison or persons, coipora-
tion, or association of peisions; and such tax shall be a lien
shercon in the possession of any person whomsoever. And
further, if any person or persons, corporations, or associa-
tion of'persons shall remove, cany, or transport the same
from the place of its production before said tax shall have
been paid, such person or persons, corporation, or associa-
tion of persons shall forfeit and pay to the United States
double the amount of such tax, to be recoveied in any com l
having jurisdiction thereof: Provided? however, That the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is hereby authorized to
make such rules and regulations as he may deem pioper
for the payment of said tax at places different from that of
the production of said cotton: Jlnd provided further) That
all cotton owned and held by any manufacturer of cotton
fabrics on the 1st day of May, 186*2, and prior thereto, shall
be exempt from the tax hereby imposed.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I call for a
separate vote on that amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Beaman, lUddle, Fiancis P. Btrar, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, William G. Biovvn, Campbell, Casey, Chnmbeihn,
Clark, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conklinjr, Roscoe Conk-
ling, Covode, Davis, Dawes, Dueil, Dunn, Edfferton, Eliot,
Fenton, Fos-scnden, Fisher, Fiank, Cooeh, Gianger, Gur-
ley, Haight, Hale, Harrison, Ilutchm?., Julian, Kelley,
Francis \V. Kcliogs, Lehman, Lovcjoy, MoKnight. Mc-
Pherson, Mitchell, Moot head, Nixon\ Noble, Nugen, Odcil,
Timothy G. Phelp«, Pike, Pnmt'ioy, Porter, Potter, Jolin
II. lviee, Riddle, Shanks, Shellabaigci, Sheiman, Sloan,
Spaulding, John B. Steele, William*G. Steele, Stevens,
Van Horn, Van Valkcnbuigh, Veriee, Wallace, VVush-
burne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and Windom
—lb.
NAYS—Measis. Allen, Baxter, Jacob B. Blair, George
H. Biowno, Bntfniton, Calveit, Coming, Cox, Ctavcn-,
Ciittenden, Delano, Dimlap, English, Gndor, Hardin*!,
Hooper, llorton, Keiri^an, Iviiapp, Leary, Loomis, Mallot v,
Monties, Anson P. Mouill, Jibuti S. Momil, Noitoii, Pen-
dleton, Alexander II. Rico, Edward If. Rolling J.imos S.
ItolliiH, Haiiii'iit. Sheffield, ^mith. Fiance Thoina*,Trftni,
V.illaudigham. Wad-woith, Jfi IWValron, W<'h>tei Chilton
A. White, Wickhifu, Worcester, and VViight—4U.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MORRIS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Cutleji, otherwise he would have voted in
the negative.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bilis reported that they had examined and
found tiuly enrolled a joint resolution (H. R. No.
59) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to test
plans and materials for rcnduringships and float-
ing batteries invulnerable; when the Speaker
signed the same.
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Inasmuch
as the House has adopted the amendment in rela-
tion to cotton, I now ask the unanimous consent
ot the committee to amend line three hundred and
sixty-oiglu by inserting, after the word "cotton,"
the words t( two per cent, ad valorem;" so as to
make the tax- on all manufactured cotton goods
two, instead of three, per cent, ad valorem.
Objection was made.
Mr. POTTER. I would state to the House
that the_ gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Cal-
vert] withdrew his objection to the amendment 1
proposed a few minutes since to line three hun-
dred and ten.
Mi. STEVENS. We cannot go back now.
"We can attend to that to-morrow. I move that
the ^further consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-mou\>w morning.
The motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr, ROSCOE CONKLTNG, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the select committee
on a bankrupt law, a bill (H. H. No. 253) the bet-
ter to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United Stat-'-s.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLiXG. I ask tlint the
bill Ijc m.ule the special order, immediately after
the spccuil order, which is the Pacific railroad bill,
shall he disposed of.
Objection being made,
Mr. hOSCOE CONKLTNG moved to suspend
tile rules to enable him to mukc that motion.
Pending which, on motion of Mr. "WRIGHT
(at four o'clock and forty minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourn'd
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 8, 1862.
PraycrbytheChaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating the report of Edwin P. Johnson, a civil
engineer, upon the defenses of the northern fron-
tier; which, on motion of Mr. Morrill, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citizens
of the city of Washington, praying that a horse-
rail road may be made through the principal
streets, and that the Senate concur in the House
bill on that subject with a slight amendment;
which were referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of citizens
of Philadelphia, remonstrating against the passage
of a general bankiupt law; which was referred to
tiie Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizcns of New-
ton, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, praying that
the freedom of the press may not be abridged, and
that the Democratic papers now excluded from
the mails in the loyal States have the same priv-
ileges as Republican papers; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment of a
national armory and fouudery at Holiidaysburg,
in that State; which were lefeired to the select
committee on the subject of the national armory.
He also presented a memorial of the Board of
Trade of Philadelphia, piaynig for the appoint-
ment of a special committee, to sit during*the ie-
cess of Congress, to frame a general bankrupt law;
which was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented the petition of Philip Fitz-
patrick, praying that the name of the schooner Su-
san Jane, alias Charles McClees, may be changed
by law to that of Thomas J. Martin; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Pie also presented the petition of Thomas Clyde,
praymgthatthe name of the steamer Sal vor, alias
M. S. Perry, may be changed by law to that of
Commodore Dupont; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the petition
of William Smith, John Smith, and Sarah Mere-
dith,surviving heirs of William Smith, deceased,
praying for a pension for the services of their
father in the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWNING presented ft petition of citi-
zens of Nachusa, Lee county, Illinois, praying
for the eonstrueion of a ship canal between Lake
Michigan and the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of N.
B. Palmer and others, settlers on the Delaware
lands m Kansas, praying for relief from the claims
of the Leavenworth and Pawnee Railroad Com-
pany, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas Sunderland,
part owner of the ranche Carniel granted to Wil-
ham^Knight by the Governor of California, pray-
ing for leave to file a new petition in the United
States district court for the northern district of
California for a confirmation of the title, and also
a bill accompanying the petition (S. No. 247) for
the relief of Thomas Sunderland and others, re-
ported the bill adversely.
DILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 263) to
amend an act entitled "An act tn increase and
regulate the pay of the Navy," approved June I,
I860; which was lead twice by its title, and re-
fei r« d to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, ui" Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 264) to confirm the act of the
Provident of ihe United Snnes m nrcepting the
services of certain volunteer engineer troops;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 287) to establish a branch of
the Mint of the United States at Denver, in the
Territory of Colorado; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 63) providing
for the distribution of certain public books and
documents.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an eniolled joint resolu-
tion (PL R. No. 59) authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to test plans and materials for rendering
ships and floating batteries invulnerable; and it
was signed by the President pro tempore.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from the
House of Representatives weie severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 287) to establish a branch of the
Mint of the United States at Denver, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado—to the Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (No. 63) providing for the
distribution of certain public books and docu-
ments—to the Committee on the Library.
RIGHT OF WAY OVER PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. NESMITH. Senate bill No. 123, to ex-
tend the provisions of the act of August 4, 1852,
entitled u An act to grant the light of way to all
rail and plank roads," &c., for the term of five
years, and to amend the .same, was laid on the
table yesterday at the suggestion of the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.] I move
that it be now be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill,
j Mr. NESMITH. I now move to strike out
■ the second section of the bill, and substitute what
1 send to the Chair. I will state that I havccon-
| suited with the Senator from New Hampshire and
! the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
and they are both satisfied with the amendment I
now propose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment pending to the section, offered by the
Senator yesterday. Does the Senator withdraw
his first amendment?
Mr. NESMITH. Yes, sir; and I now move
to strike out the sccond section of the bill, in the
following words:
That the privileges granted in said acts to chartered com-
panion are lieiehy giauted to any corporations orcosnpames
oiganized and doing business a^ .such within the State or
Termoiy where said public lands may be situated.
And to insert the following m lieu thereof:
That the right of way for a railroad through the public
lands nf the United States lying m Washoe county, in the
State of Oregon, be, and the same is heiehv, granted to the
Oiegon Steam Navigation Company.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to hear the bill
read at length.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 should like to inquire
what occasion is there for the second section.
What is it wanted for? Does the general act, which
is continued by the first section, cover it or not?
Mr. NESM1TH. It docs not cover it. The
first section of the bill extends the act of August
4, 1852, foi the period of five years. The act as
it at present stands on the statute book expires by
its own limitation on the 4th day of next August.
The benefits of that act extend only to incorporated
companies. Ourconstitutionprohibits special cor-
porations; they must be under a general law. The
Legislature at its first session failed to pass any
law on the subject, and there is no meeting of the
Legislature until next Septembei, and consequent-
ly no company can be incorporated until that time.
, The second section of the bill proposes to extend
I tne benefit of the acts referred to in the first scc-
. tion to the Oregon Steam Navigation Company by
i name, in order that they may go on and construct
: a road through the public lands of the United'
; States prior '•> ihf  time that they may be enabled
