544
THlf CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29.
now would have been Beauregard, and where
would have been Jeff Davis? In a few weeks he
would have had possession of this capital, and
at this day probably Davis's mock government
would liaye been sitting in its farcical delibera-
tions in the very Halls that are now occupied by
the two Houses of Congress.
The gentleman from Indiana and every mem-
ber of this body swears to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States. How is he, and how
is the eloquent and vehement gentleman from Del-
aware, who has just taken his seat, to support
the Constitution of the United States? Was not
the purpose of Jeff Davis, and of his confederate
government, to overthrow the Constitution of the
United States, and the Government of the United
States? How could the gentleman from Indiana
contribute any part towards preventing such a
catastrophe as that? What it was right and
proper and constitutional for him to do, it would
have been right and proper and constitutional for
every member of the Senate to have done at that
time. Well, suppose all had acted as he acted?
I did not know his record, and I had not exam-
ined it particularly; but I understand this to be
his record: that every measure proposed at the
extra session of Congress to raise money, to bor-
row money, to issue Treasury notes, he either had
voted against or had not voted for it. I do not
care which horn of the dilemma he assumes.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator will allow me a
moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly, sir.
Mr.BRIGHT. Mr. President,yteldingtowhat
seemed to be the wishes of my friends, I had de-
cided not to say another word upon this subject;
but the Senator has just made a remark that in-
duces me to appeal to what I consider that sense
of justice that every gentleman and every Senator
ought to possess, and I have no doubt he does. I
am on trial for that which deprives me of my
position here, and to some extent affects my rep-
utation as a public man. The latter I care a great
deal for; the former, very little. Now, the gentle-
man announces that lie has notexamincd my rec-
ord carefully, but he is told that it is so and so.
If I am arraigned for that which is not only to
deprive me of my seat here, but of my reputation
in the estimation of many, is it not but just to me
that that Senator should take my record and ex-
amine it carefully, run it over line by line and
word by word before he undertakes to quote me?
Sir, if he will take the trouble to look into the
proceedings of this body, he will find no such
votes and no such sentiments as he imputes to me.
If he will take the trouble to read from the letter
that I wrote reviewing this letter to which so much
consequence has been attached, and to which I
never attached any, and I am astonished to find
that any sensible man docs, he will find that I
spoke of the doctrine of coercion as a general prin-
ciple, connecting itself with a constitutional ad-
ministration of this Government. Has there not
been on the floor of the Senate, from the founda-
tion of this Government to this hour, Senators
who hare uniformly denied, openly and boldly,
the power of the Federal Government to coerce
any one of the sovereign States of this Union, that
had, by a legislative or conventional resolve, de-
clared herself no longer a party to the original
compact? And has this not been the theory of
leading members in both branches of Congress in
all time past ?
If the Senator from Kentucky will take the
trouble to examine into my poorspeeches, the few
that I made, he will find that I have ever opposed
this heresy, the right of secession. I never have
admitted the right of a single State to secede. I had
the honor of serving for several years in this body
with the great South Carolinian/Mr. Calhoun ;and
during that service he, and those of his peculiar
school of politics, frequently favored the Senate
and country with set ies of resolutions enunciating
these doctrines of State rights and State sover-
eignty, and no doubt the Journals will show my
votes; and if the gentleman will take the trouble
to examine my record, I have no hesitation in
saying that he will find that I have ever opposed
both the doctrines of nullification and secession.
But the question of coercion is quite anotherthing. j
Mr. HOWE. I would like to ask the Senator •
from Indiana, for information, if he can refer me !
to a speech made during the last session of Con- I
gress in which he denied the right of secession, !
or in which he expressed his opinions upon that
question?
Mr. BRIGHT. It is well known I am not
greatly given to speech-making. I have gener-
ally been content to record my opinions upon the
yeas and nays, always inclined to be silent, un-
less an unexplained vote was calculated to place
me in a false position. I will refer the honorable
Senator, however, to a few remarks I made at the
last session, bearing somewhat upon this ques-
tion. I believe, on an amendment offered by my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] I stated that
there were three parties on this floor, as I under-
stood them—an extreme northern party, known
as abolitionists, that was in favor of invading the
southern States, declaring the slaves free, and arm-
ing them against their owners; and at the head of
that party I classified the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who, inaprepared, elab-
orated speech, has traveled out of the record to
assault me in this prosecution. I classed him at
the head of it, and the Senator from Kansas as
one of his supporters.
I said there was another class, known as the
Republican party, that I understood to be opposed
to that line of policy, and I named the honorable
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and I might
have named many others now in my eye, all in
favor of furnishing whatever of men and money
might be necessary to invade any and every State
in rebellion against the laws of the United States,
and by military force subjecting the people therein
to obedience. I believe, sir, that I went further,
and said that I understood this class of Senators
as being opposed to interfering with the rights of
property or slavery in those States, except as a
military necessity.
The third party which I referred to embraced
that portion of the Senate opposed to invading any
one of the States that had formally declared herself
out of the Union, and attempting by force of arms
the subjugation of her citizensand the destruction
of their property, until all effort to effect a recon-
ciliation and a peaceful adjustment had been ex-
hausted; that whatever men or money was ne-
cessary to protect or defend the capital, or States
yet loyal and faithful to the Union, ought to be
furnished. I classed myself with this third party
at that time, and said what I honestly believed,
that there was still hope for an adjustment.
But, sir, nowhere can the Senator from Ken-
tucky, or any other Senator, find that I declared
I would not vote a man or a dollar to defend the
capital, or the States faithful to the laws and Con-
stitution. On the contrary, my votes will show,
when I voted at all, either in committee or the
Senate, that I have made no factious opposition
to any of the measures of the party in power.
Where I disapproved the measures of the last ses-
sion, I manifested my opposition, I trust, in a be-
coming and senatorial manner, and beyond that it
is not the prerogative of any man to inquire. I
am afraid the Senator from Kentucky has given
i his ear to an outside influence that has arrayed
j itself against me.
j Mr. DAVIS. I gave way to enable the gen-
! tlenian to make an explanation,
j Mr. BRIGHT. Well, sir, I do not know what
explanation the Senator from Kentucky desires.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman is charging me
now with leaning to an outside influence. If he
wants " to carry the war into Africa," I am ready
to meet him.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Kentucky
cannot alarm me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will pre-
serve order.
' Mr.BRIGHT. I understandhim,andnodoubt
j he understands me. I have not imputed anything
j improper to the Senator from Kentucky. He has
: admitted that he lias not examined my record; he
i has not examined the Journal that contains the
j votes, and the speeches that I have made. How
j then did h" get the information that has justified
! him in standing here and thus misrepresenting
me? I deny in toto that if he will examine my
record it will furnish him with any such facts as
he has detailed; he has been misinformed. The
records will prove whether my statement is true.
Present them and I will answer you.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I made precisely
the same statements in relation to the gentleman's
record and votes the other day that I have made
on this occasion, and I made them expressly that
he might set me right if I was wrong in relation
to the facts.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did, sir. I rose at the con-
clusion of your speech and corrected you.
Mr. DAVIS, ihe gentleman misstates me now
when he says that I misrepresented him. I did
not represent him at all, except from report. I
stated then distinctly that I had not examined his
record, but I stated what I had been informed
was the effect of that record. When 1 made these
statements it was with a view to give the gentle-
man the opportunity to place himself right upon
the record.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the honorable Senator
yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. No—no, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. Very well, sir. I will take
it after yon, then.
Mr. DAVIS. Very good.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana will come to order.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, sir, there was a series of
coercive measures passed by Congress at the extra
session. I ask the gentleman this question, and I
will give way for him to answer it, if he chooses
to do so; will he name which of these measures
of coercion he voted for? Will he do that?
Mr. President, I was present a few days ago
when the resolution was offered in this body pledg-
ing it to raise $150,000,000 by taxation. The gen-
tleman was in his seat a few minutes before that
vote was taken; but when that vote was taken, if
I recollect aright, he was out of his seat.
The gentleman had his senatorial duties here to
perform; and when the Government was assailed
by hostile armies, and the Constitution was about
to be put down by a great rebellion, my under-
standing of his duty (upon which I intend to give
my vote)'was that it was his duty to vote men and
money to repel thatassault upon the Constitution
and the Government in some form or other.
Mr. President,I have no enmity against the gen-
tleman from Indiana. I would have been rejoiced
if he could have shown a vote in favor of every
necessary measure to raise men and money to en-
able this Government to defend itself; and now, if
he will tell me specifically whatbili to raise armies,
what bill to levy taxes, what bill to borrow money,
what bill to issue Treasury notes, he voted for—
he knows; I do not; and I have not had the op-
portunity to examine, and was not disposed to do
so—if he will tell me which and every one of these
measures he voted for, I at least will give him full
credit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
to make one suggestion to him? I have been ex-
amining the record, not fully, but as well as I
could, and it accords with my recollection so far
as I have examined, that the yeas and nays were
not taken upon any one of those billsjthey passed
sw6 silentio, by general consent.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, while our chairman of Finance is upon
the floor, I desire to put a question to him which
I regard as very appropriate. I know it may be
considered,by some,in bad taste forme to interfere
in this debate, but as the Senator from Maine has
risen, and he is of opposite politics with myself,
and I have no personal claims on him, I will puta
question to him. It is accidental that I am thrown
on the Committee on Finance, that has charge of
the money operations of the Government so far
as this Chamber is concerned. I have met with
him, I believe, a<? often as with any other mem-
| ber of the committee, and I will ask him what has
; been my course in reference to the business of the
[ body at the last session and the present in regaid
I to the money measures of the Government.
J Mr. FESSENDEN". I will say, with the per-
il mission of the Senator from Kentucky, that, ac-
.j cording to my recollection, in the Committee on
ij Finance, whenever the Senator from Indiana was
I! there—and I believe he was pretty constant in his
'l attendance—all those necessary measures not only
|| received no opposition from him, but had his
j| fullest concurrence.
ij Mr. BRIGHT. I have asked that question, if
j; the Senator from Kentucky will allow me to say
;; so, not that I acknowledge" his right to catechise
jj me as to what my votes, either in committee or in
j; this body, are—they are with me and my constit-
jj uents—but to relieve him from agreat deal of trou-
>\ ble that I think he is borrowing in reference to my
, course.
