1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
mm
to organize under some bill providing for incor-
porated companies which the Legislature of Ore-
gon will probably pass at its next session. I will
state further that it is only a short distance of fif-
teen miles that they propose to construct a road
around the obstructions to navigation in the Co-
lumbia river.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
COMPENSATION OF DISTRICT ATTORNEYS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 166, regulating the compensation of dis-
trict attorneys.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the hill, the pending
question being on an amendment proposed by Mr.
OolIjAMER, to insert at the end of the first section
of the bill, as a proviso:
PioiicleJ, Tliatno increased compensation under this act
shall be allowed to the attorney ot any district unless of a
district m winch 13 a poit of entry ot deliveiy.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to suggest to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary whether it would not be advisable to also
add that this act shall cease upon the close of this
rebellion. It is altogether made up for this occa-
sion. A great deal of expense and trouble are
occasioned'by this war, especially in cases of prize
proceedings in the United States courts, visiting a
large amount of service upon the attorneys; but it
is for this occasion, for this war; and 1 suggest
whether, when the war ceases, it would not be
desirable to leave this matter to the general pro-
vision of law as it stands.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Vermont whether his idea would not be
perhaps better carried out by limiting it to six
months or one year after the close of the rebellion,
and for this reason: that there may be cases pend-
ing in court, questions of prize, which will be yet
undecided. We ought not, by a piovision, to cut
olf district attorneys fiom compensation in those
cases that may not be decided at the close of the
war.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not exactly mean to
move that amendment; but only to suggest to the
chairman whether it would not be advisable to
insert such a provision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to that, I have
no sort of objection to an amendment of that kind.
I regard the "bill as temporary. I confess it is not :
such a bill as 1 would like to see passed; and it 1
is only in consequence of our want of accurate 111- (
foimation to enable us to fix the salaries of the j
various district attorneys, that 1 for one consent \
to its passage at all in this shape. My view was, !
that by the next session perhaps, to which the
Attorney General is required to report the amount
of compensation which he has allowed to the vari-
ous attorneys, we should be in possession of in-
formation which will enable us to fix permanently 1
a proper law upon this subject. Manifestly a
district attorney in some of tiie districts ought to
have a larger compensation than in othcis. In
some of the districts there is comparatively no
business. In some of the districts in the interior
the law as it stands probably is well enough, al-
lowing them $250 salary I believe, and some fees.
I have no objection to a limitation of the charac-
ter suggested; I think it would be very well to have
a limitation of that kind, so that the law at any
rate shall come to an end even if Congress should
omit to legislate (as I trust it will do at any early
day) upon the subject.
Mi. WILLEY.' I desire to make a suggestion
to the honorable Senator from Vermont, growing
out of a little experience in regard to this matter.
The times will throw a great deal of business 011
the hands of attorneys whose districts, perhaps,
will not embrace a poit of entry or delivery. That
matter has been brought to my notice by the con-
dition of things in Northwestern Virginia. At my
earnest solicitation, and after a great deal of diffi-
culty, a very distinguished gentleman 111 Noitli-
western Vnginia was induced to accept this office.
He has been fur a long time actively engaged in
the profession of the law. His fees 111 the legiti-
mate operations of his business would atnmuit to
some four or five thousand dollars a year; butfor
the good of the country, for the time being, he
consented to take this oiKee. I know that, under
* the extraordinary circumstances growing out of
this rebellion, his whole time and attention are
completely absorbed. He, has given his entire
time and attention and professional ability in aid
of the Government in subversion of the rebellion,
in attending to cases of this character through the
western district of Virginia. TheSenator'samend-
ment, perhaps, will not affect him, because I be-
lieve there is a port of entry at Wheeling, in Vir-
ginia, within the limits of his district; but I am
satisfied that there are other districts similarly
affected which have no port of'entry or delivery,
in which it would be very hard for a raan of the
ability the times require to give his whole atten-
tion fora year for the nominal compensation now
afforded by law.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the case of the
gentleman mentioned would be covered by my
amendment. Wheeling is a port of delivery.
Mr. WILLEY. I say that would be.
Mr. COLLAMER. Therefore this act would
go into effect in relation to your attorney.
Mr. WILLEY. But there may be other dis-
tricts, similarly situated, in which there may not
be a port of entry.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not think there are.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can see no occasion for
this bill. The present compensation of a district
attorney is §200 a year and fees. It is an office
greatly sought after by attorneys throughout the
United States, partly ft 0111 the influential position
it gives them, and partly from its incidental profits.
The salary, it is true, is small—but $200; but the
Government allows fees, and pays the district
attorneys and marshals a fund of over one million
of dollars per annum: The office, as I said before,
is eagerly sought after. Now, it seems to me it
would be a departure from correct principle to
allow the Attorney General to fix the salary of
any officer, and especially an officer under him.
The tendency will be to give very large salaries
to the district attorneys. x\s a mattei of course,
the Attorney General would naturally estimate
very highly the employment of these men who
weie appointed by him, and who are under him,
many of them, 110 doubt, his personal friends and
favorites. A great deal of abuse has occurred in
the disbursement of the judiciary fund, partly by
exorbitant allowances made by the Secretary of
the Interior, upon the recommendation ot the
judges of the courts. It would make uncertainty
and confusion in your appropriations. Now, we
know how much to appropriate; and every year
we appropriate a certain amount for the district
attorneys. It will be impossible to tell how much
to appropriate if you leave the compensation to
be fixed by the. Attorney General.
It seems to me that if there is any evil in this
matter requiring to be remedied, it can be easily
remedied 11) another way. If any of these gen-
tlemen are not fully compensated tor their ser-
vices, they can apply to Congress and receive an
extra allowance, if the case is strong enough to
demand it; but to allow the Attorney General to
have claims made upon him every day of his life,
because 1 think they will be constantly made
upon him, is, 111 my judgment, an improper rule
of law. The Attorney General will have his time
constantly occupied by the applications made
from some fifty or sixty district attorneys, and
the ameudmentof the Senator from Vermontdoes
not help the matter, because there is scarcely a
district in the United States that I know of which
does not contain a port of entry 01 a port of de-
livery. If there is one I should like to have him
name it. Certainly in Ohio, Indiana, Missouri,
Wisconsin—in every State that I can think of,
there are ports of delivery,so that his amendment
does not qualify it in the least.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. There is one dis-
trict in Missouri that has 110 port of entry or de-
livery.
Mr. SHERMAN. What district is that?
Mr. W1L&ON, ofMissoun. The western dis-
trict ofMissouri.
Mi. SHERMAN. So, too, Kansas perhaps
has 110 port of enti y or delivery; but probably
those are the only two exceptions. St. Louis, 111
the eastern district of Missouri, is aportofentry,
and so of Chicago and other places in thevaiious
districts throughout the United States. _ The
amendment, therefoie, is of 110 avail to limit the
1 see no occasion for this bill, and if it is adored
1 think it will lead to large allowances. I he
amount of compensation now refcdved by these
district attorneys, if we knew the amount derived
by them in the way of fees, would be ample re-
muneration for their services; and certainly there
has been the greatest eagerness to get these officcs.
It is much wiser, it seems to me, to alltfw excep-
tional cases, if any such occur in the course'oTthe
next year or two, to be presented to Congress,
when we can fairly allow what may be deenfied
necessary in any particular case; but to throw the
claims upon the Attorney General and .upon tHe
Secretary of the Interior will create embarrass-
ments, will involve an erroneous principle of legis-
lation, and will make your appropriations uncer-
tain ; and besides you give ground for the grossest
favoritism and the most partial allowances. I
shall therefore vote against the bill, and I call for
the yeas and nays upon its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is not
now in a condition to have the yeas and nays
ordered upon its passage. If no amendment be
proposed, the question is shall the bill be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wasan amendment adopt-
ed to limit its operation ?
Mr. SUMNER. There was a suggestion made
by the Senator from Vermont.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment has not been moved in foim.
Mr. COLLAMER. I only suggested it to the
Senator from Illinois as a proviso.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lot the Senator move it.
Mr.SUMNER. I suggest this language: "and
such compensation shall continue only to the close
of the presentrebellion, and one yearthereafter,"
to be added to the amcndmentalreadyadoptedon
the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that
language.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.SUMNER. I have one word to say in
reply to what fell from the Senator from Ohio.
In the first place the bill on its face is temporary.
It is to meet an exigency of the present war.
What are we doing, sir, every day, but meeting
the exigencies of the present war—making many
provisions which in a time of peace we should
not think of making; making them because at the
present moment tliey are necessary ? That is my
first reply to the Senator from Ohio.
But the Senator says, if this bill is passed there
will be abuse. Why need there be abuse? Have
we not confidence 111 the Attorney General ? If is
only for a short time. He is so situated as to be
best informed with regard to what is done by dis-
trict attorneys, and to know the value of their
services. Why may it not be referred to him
without chance of abuses ? Let us not imagine
what is not probable.
Then, the Senator says again, that the office of
district attorney is much sought for, and why
should we now undertake to give to it any new
emolument? The Senator is not aware that ill the
large sea-port towns owing to the change of busi-
ness from this war, the office, instead of being a
source of profit, has become actually a burden.
The Senate has already recognized this fact by a
law, making special provision for the case of the
district attorney in New Yoik. That case has
been provided foi. But, there is another similar
case of haidship entirely equal to that of the dis-
trict attorney at New York. I refer to the district
attorney at Boston, an eminent lawyer, accus-
tomed, if he chooses to enter the courts as aprac-
titioner, to the largest professional emoluments,
who has abandoned his other practice in order to
discharge completely all the arduous duties of his
ofiicc. f refer to Mr. Dana, whom all must know
well. Owing to the change of business in his
office—I think it appeals by some of the papers
that have been before the Judiciary Committee—
his fees have hardly enabled him to pay for his
assistance, and his clerk liiie, so thatunlesssomc
provision is made the United States must lose the
services of this very eminent lawyer.
The Senator says, however, that he may come
to Congress hereafter; but, sir, is this the propel-
way to'treat a public Kcivant, to ask him to per-
form the public business, and then tell him that
he must appear be ton; Congress as a petitioner
foi ei,ini  nsationr No, sir."This is notnght. It
seems to me that the proper duty of Congress is
to make provision in advance; to try to see tilings
as they are; to see that we are in the midst of
