2528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
shows that there are some things which this gal-
lant Democratic soldier and his companions in
arms think we ought yet to do. • The wisdom of
his suggestions may not be apparent to my col-
league, and whether we regard them or no may
be unimportant. God's providcncc will be worked
out. Mercy and justice are His attributes. And
we may not resist their influence without bringing
upon ourselves crises more or less general and
severe in proportion to the power and persistence
of our resistance to His will. In His ways alone
may nations or individuals hope to find paths of
pleasantness and peace.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] while
sneering at the negro race, denies the accuracy of
official statements, and says the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Gooch,] exaggerates the ex-
ports of -Hayti. He does not, however, correct
the statistics of our own and foreign Govern-
ments, but passes them by with a simple denial.
But be it as he says—which it is not—is not
Havti as large as Ireland ? Is it not the most beau-
tiful, salubrious, and prolific of the tropical isles?
Is it not capable of maintaining eight millions of
people? Has it not now a population of seven hun-
dred thousand; and does it not unquestionably
stand higher than Russia in its commercial rela-
tions with our country ?
If its statistics have been somewhat exagger-
ated, we may be assured they will seem poor and
paltry enough when compared with what they
wili be ten years hence. Our more intelligent
freed men are Hocking thither to become citizens
and enjoy the rights of man. The non-consum-
ing and, consequently, listless American slave is
thus transformed into the Haytien planter, rais-
ing on his own farm, the free grant of an enlight-
ened Government, the luscious fruits of the trop-
ics, with such staples as cotton, coffee, cocoa,
sugar, rice, arrow-root, indigo, ginger, and scores
of other articles, which, through the Haytien mer-
chant, black as himself, lie will exchange for the
products of our factories, forges,and workshops.
Pass this bill, secure to our commerce equal
chances in her ports, and the swelling tide of
agricultural emigration to Hayti from our own
shores will make her the munificent patron of our
manufacturers and mechanics, especially those
engaged in the production of agricultural tools
and machinery.
The bill, sir, is of great national interest, and
the suggestions in its favor are not answered by
sneers at that race, the creation of which by the
Almighty is evidently regarded by the gentleman
from Ohio as a grand mistake.
My colleague [Mr. Biddle] spoke of this coun-
try as being " the sick man" of the western hemi-
sphere. The sick man of the western hemisphere!
His own country, the land of his fatheis and his
posterity, the sick man of the western hemisphere!
A country with six hundred thousand men in the
field, clothed, fed, and paid as soldiers never were
before—six hundred thousand men, the children
of the proudest and poorest of the land, the poor
man often in command, the proud man's sons
often serving under him, illustrating to all time the
beautiful effect of democratic republicanism. A
nation, involved in war on such a scale with its
own people, and while its armies, are moving stead-
ily on to final victory, maintaining its order and
dignity in the face of the world, and putting its
credit so high that its irredeemable paper brings a
premium in the mai kets of the world, to be char-
acterized as the sick man of a hemisphere ! Had
this slander been uttered by a foreigner, how would
our countrymen denounce lnm! The country,
sir, is giving to-day an illustration to the world of
a healthy vigor and power such as history does
notiecord, *
My colleague is somewhat given to eruitic say-
ings. I remember that, after having been invited
by a Republican Governor to accept the colonelcy
of a regiment, and by our Republican President
to assume the rank of brigadier general, he spoke
of the war as a Black Republican job. It was, I
am sure, in a heated moment that he did it.
"When, warmed by the enthusiasm of early
manhood, he tendered his life to his country, anil, :
under the leadership of the grand old commander- >
in-chief, won rank and honor on the hardest
fought fields of Aiexico—yet has he told his peo-
ple that that honored general hud intrusted the
reins of this war to politicians and "able ed-
itors" till they nearly upset the coach.
Mr. BIDDLE. In reference to whatever I may
have had occasion to say upon this floor, those
who listened to me, and those who may hereafter
read what I said, will be able to judge how far
my colleague justly appreciates my remarks.
If, in discussing the propriety of admitting the
colonies of Hayti and Liberia to diplomatic inter-
course in this country, he proposes to go back to
some period remote from the present, when I was
not sitting as a member in this Congress, to in-
troduce to this body some production of mine
which he is about to criticise, I suggest, as a point
of parliamentary propriety, that ire should first
send to the Clerk's desk the documentin question,
and have it read. Then I shall not have the least
objection to any criticism upon it to which the
House may see proper at the present time to listen.
I shall be perfectly satisfied if what I have written
shall be thus heard. If the gentleman does not
wish to have the time consumed in reading it,let
him embody it in his remarks and have it printed
in the Globe. If I understand the matter, the
gentleman is alluding to a letter written  
Mr. KELLEY. I will send the document to
the Clerk's desk, but not to be read as a part of
my speech. I cannot spare the time for that, happy
as I would be to oblige my colleague. I must ob-
ject to all further abstraction of my time. If the
House will indulge me to the extent of allowing
the time which I may yield to gentlemen, I will
gladly yield to any, but if I am thereby to lose
time I cannot.
Mr. BIDDLE. Then, I rise to a question of
This is a bill for the admission of Hayti
order.
and Liberia to diplomatic relationship, and it is
not in order to discuss the letter in question. I
look back to few things with as much satisfaction
as the writing of the letter to which the gentleman
alludes. But my point of order is, that in dis-
cussing a bill which relates to Hayti and Liberia
it is not in order to comment upon a letter written
by an individual member of this House before he
took his seat, and which it is assumed has no
relation to Hayti and Liberia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. BIDDLE. I then withdraw the point of
order, if my colleague will allow thedocumentto
which I suppose lie refers to be read.
Mr. KELLEY. I will not allow it to be read
in my time; but will not refer further to the letter.
Mr. BIDDLE. I have no possible objection,if
my colleague will allow it to be read.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; I repeat I will not
allow it to be read in my time. My colleague was
right in supposing I referred to a letter written by
him; and if I have fallen into error in alluding to
it, he will bear witness that I have been misled
by his own examples. So little relation had his
remarks of yesterday to the bill, that the point of
order he now raises would have excluded nearly
all he said. And in the speech which he made on
the 6th of March, in which lie so felicitously in-
terwove the pet phrases of the Mexican Greaser
and the bar-room lounger of our region with the
magnificent rhetoric of Chatham and Sumner, he
said:
An eminent memberof the dominant party lias promul-
gated ins scheme lor c.iriyitig on tins wai. IIeha<« pi omul-
gated it in many est-ays ami -peueln's, to one of which par-
hamentaiy u>age permits me to refer, since it was not made
la his place in the Senate."
And as the gentleman's letter had not been pro-
mulgated in the Senate, I was under the impres-
sion that parliamentary usage would permit me
to refer to it in the House.
Mr. BIDDLE. I do not object. I place it per-
fectly at my colleague's disposal.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague
seems to be somewhat sensitive on this subject, I
will, lest I may have misrepresented him, cite the
brief paragraph of the letter to which I have re-
ferred, and make no further reference to the sub-
ject. I would not, for any consideration, disturb
| the pleasant relations that exist between us:
I " When the national fla<? was struck dmvnat Charleston
and the national capital was thioatenod by recession, tiie
North ro-<> iik<* one man. The woild -aw with astonMi-
mont the p:njat uprituig of the people; lOuropu piejmlgcd
tlx* iin our favor; jet, as if smitten with bhndtie>s,
the Republican leader- Mjem<:d -tnvuig to waste and dissi-
pate, in-n.ad of to '■cizc and usp, the noble material for j
great armies which with seaicely any limit, placed at
their disposal. The soldier who ofteied himself for the pub-
he service found that he must ear-wig some politician be-
fore he could bo allowed the privilege to fight or die lor his
country. Men began to say that the war was to be made
' a Black Republican job.'
"Politicians were put at the head of troops—politicians
who thought that to wear lace and feathers, and to pocket
pay, was the whole duty of the officer—feasting and frol-
icking and speech-making took the place of training and dis-
cipline; and while the. officer spouted and revelled, the
rank and file were robbed of their fiist richt—the right to
skillful guidance and instruction. The reins weie nomin-
ally put into the hands of a venerable chieftain; but every
politician, every 'able editor,'took a pull at them, till they
upset the coach.
Amid shouts of 'On to Richmond,'the North, with its
teeming population, found it-elf outnumbered at every point
of conflict, and the battle of Bull Run proved that the Ad-
ministration had known neither its own strength nor the
enemy's. 4 Where, then, were our legions?' we may well
ask of it. But the battle of Bull Run was not without its
fruits for us."
When interrupted, Mr. Speaker, I was about
to say that, regardless of the warnings of would-be
Cassandra's, 1 hoped to see our country rise high
above her presentexalted position; that I desire to
see her become the patron of feeble nations, and
by her justice and generosity, make her power
and grandeur glorious in history as the glowing
hearts of grateful ages can depict them.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] denied
that the negro had any faculty for commerce.
Sir, the hardy enterprise of our whalers is the
theme of glowing eulogy in English and Amer-
ican literature and eloquence, yet Great Britain,
in the single year of I860, received from the little
republic of Liberia not less than forty thousand
two hundred and sixteen tons of palm oil, worth
more, as I shall hereafter show, than the whole
oil product of the most favorable years. The ex-
ports of that little republic—planted by us in the
equatorial region of Africa, and near the mouth of
the Niger—to Great Britain, in the first six months
of 1860, amounted to no less than $3,056,116, being
again of forty per cent, over the corresponding
period of 1858. The crop of Liberia in 1860 was
more than one hundred per cent, advance upon
the crop of the same country for 1859. Sir, who
are producing these grand national results, and
making such wonderful progress? People sent
from this country since 1827; sent hence fresh
from slavery, the subjects of the degradation,
ignorance, and improvidence its essential laws
inflict upon its victims.
For the last fifteen years, although they num-
ber only some ten thousand American emigrants
and about live thousand civilized and christianized
native A ft icans, they have maintained an inde-
pendent Government, modeled on our own, with
an executive, legislative, and judicial department,
each independent in its sphere, and coordinate
with each other. Our decisions are quoted in
their courts, our language taughtm their schools,
and the word of the God we worship made known
to them in their churches from King James and
Douay Bibles as in our own. Civil equality and
religious freedom prevail among them; their
schools, colleges, and churches are prosperous,
and have been largely instrumental in enabling
them to extend their jurisdiction over and assim-
ilate several hundred thousands of docile but
aspiring heathens.
It is a fact worthy of note that when the site
was purchased for the New Jersey colony, the last
purchase of which I have knowledge, the chiefs
who ceded the land insisted upon one stipulation
as the most important element of price. It was,
that they and their people should be guarantied
the right to attend the churches of the colonists,
and their children have admission to their Sunday
and day schools on the same terms as those of
colonists.
There, sir, is a republic which has grown as
the American colonies did not grow. Our fathers
had a savage and hostile people to contend with,
and they almost extirpated them. The Libenans
find a loving but degraded people to absorb and
elevate. Thus, year by year, the limits and influ-
ence of that republic have been extended, and thuy
will continue to extend until those who legislate
in this Hall a few generations hence will find
their commercial relations with the republic of
Liberia grown to a magnitude and importance
equaling those of the leading' nations of the world.
They are an agricultural people; they give us the
products of the tropics—codec, sugar, spices—I
speak now of both Liberia and Hayti—lignum-
vitge, palmwood, and such dye stuffs as the world
has never produced. Stuffs for dyes that neither
light nor acid will affect.
