48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
3YTH Cong....2d Sess.
United States Notes—Mr. Orisfield.
Ho. of Reps.
and I hoped that he was patriotic. As my knowl-
edge of him has increased, this belief and this
hope have grown and are still growing. P had no
affinities with the principles upon which he was
presented to the American people. Prom the
peculiar and distinctive features of the platform
of his party I differed, and still differ. I lamented
his election, not so much on his own account as
of the disturbance 1 knew it would occasion. But,
sir, he is here. He has been elected President of
the United States. I recognize him as legally in-
vested with all the constitutional powers of that
high dignity, and it is as well a constitutional ob-
ligation as a dictate of patriotism to give his Ad-
ministration, in this hour of evil, a fair, impartial,
active, and energetic support. Many things have
been done under his Administration which J do
not approve; some things, I think, are positively
wrong. Yet I do recognize in his public conduct
an honest effort to maintain this Union of the
States with unabridged privileges, and restore the
Constitution toits ancientand rightful supremacy.
1 desire to support him in this great work. I be-
lieve that it is the duty of alt good citizens to sus-
tain him. 1 shall, therefore, give his Adminis-
tration, in all of its efforts in this great work, a
fair, candid, honest, and unreserved support. Es-
pecially do I desire to support him in his financial
policy. 1 desire to support him in that, because
that of all others is the most important to national
safety. If that fails, all else must fail. If you
fail to obtain the requisite means your Army is
disbanded, the Union is destroyed, the Constitu-
tion overturned, the country ruined, and our na-
tional life will be entirely destroyed. Hence, sir,
I am disposed to view with the utmost candor,
with favorable predisposition, every measure of
financc presented for my acceptance, having for
its purpose the national safety, and the restora-
tion of the Constitution to its just authority.
Mr. Chairman, the exigencies of the times have
created an unusual want of money on the part of
the Government. The ordinary expenses of the
Government amount to $70,000,000 a year, and
now, in one year, they have suddenly run up to
$(100,000,000. This exigency cannot be met by
the ordinary revenues. The ordinary revenue is
scarcely one tenth of the expenditures. Those
expenditures cannot be met by taxation, for the
reason that the people of the country cannot pay
in one year the amount required to meet the ex-
penditure of (lie yeai; and, even if they could
bear it, it could not be procured m time to answer
the demands of the Government. We are obliged
to borrow money, therefore, and to create a public
debt; and to create a public debt without, enorm-
ous loss, we are bound to raise by taxation the
sums necessary to meet the oidinary expenses of
Government, and to meet with certainty and punc-
tuality, m coin, the interest on the amount we
desire to borrow. Not only that, but to handle
the vast amount of means necessary for the pros-
ecution of this war, to enable the people to pay
in and the. Government to pay out, we must have
a larger and more abundant currency than we
ha\>e heretofore found to be necessary. The ac-
customed currency is wholly inadequate. The
Government has for many years used only gold
and silver for this purpose, and it is deeply to be
lamented that it is obliged to depart from this de-
sirable standaul. But we are left no option. The
supply of the precious metals is inadequate to our
wants. If all the gold and silver in the country
were placed at the control of the Government, it
would be received and paid outtwiee in the course
of one year. It is, therefore, impossible for the
Government to pay in coin. The business of the
Government and the business of the country re-
quii'1 some substitute for coin. We must there-
fore create a new or vastly enlarge the existing
currency. Wemust therefore creatca publicdebt,
establish a cum ncy, and impose new taxes.
The necessity being admitted, the only question
is, how can these objects he accomplished with
the least prejudice to tho people and the greatest
convenience to the Guvci mnent? This is a grave
question—the gravest which these times present.
It is a question which lies at the foundation of all
the other questions; and on its solution depends
our success in every other enterprise. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have presented us one
proposition, with a promise to present us two
others, to complete the system. They propose to
levy a tax which, with the present revenue, will
raise $150,000,000 per annum; and both Houses
by joint resolution are pledged to pass it. How
it is to be raised the committee have not yet in-
formed us. What their scheme is and what the
machinery by which it is to operate, and what its
efficiency, and how it may affect the business and
property of the country, remain yet to be seen.
They also propose to provide a currency, partly
by the Treasury notes authorized by this bill and
partly by a national currency based on public se-
curities, through the agency of the banks as rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Treasury. And
then, as a means by which all that is to be brought
into active use, thev propose by this bill to issue
Treasury notes fundable in public six per cent,
stocks.
Mr. Chairman, it is a matter of deep regret that
the committee has not presented the whole scheme
in one bill. We then would have seen the whole
at one view, and have been better able to adjust
its parts and have rendered it homogeneous. It
seems to me that we are beginning at the wrong
end. The measure which we arc now consider-
ing ought, in its natural order, to be the last in
the series. It is the thing which is necessary to
render practical and available the more impoitant
and potential elements of the scheme. We are
committing the absuidity of beginning at the top
of the structure to build downward to the founda-
tion. Why di.d not the committee report the tax
bill; why not layin the first place the broad foun-
dation of a tax on which the whole superstructure
of public credit must be erected, if it is expected
to be permanent? It is by far the most delicate
and difficult part of the plan, and requires the
most thought and care m its adjustment. But I
have no disposition to carp, or too closely to crit-
icize the course of the committee. I must sup-
pose they have not reported such a bill for some
good reason. I must have faith that in their own
good time they will perform their work. I must
suppose that they intend to report a bill which,
if carried out, will, with the revenue from exist-
ing laws, raise$150,000,000 per annum; and mean-
ing to treat them with all fairness and candor, I
will assume that such a bill will be, as early as
possible, presented to the consideration of the
House and of the country. And so with the meas-
ure to create a national currency. Why did not
that precede this? The Committee of Ways and
Means has, I repeal, begun at the wrong end. But
I will not cavil. I shall not attempt to-look for
had motives. I will assume that there is no other
purpose than the bioad, national one of sustain-
ing the credit of the Government. I shall con-
sider this proposition as it is presented, and give
it the full benefit of the promise with which it is
accompanied.
Now, sir, what is this proposition? It is to
issue f100,000,000 of Treasury notes, without in-
terest, payable at the pleasure of the United States,
to be receivable for all public dues, and by all the
creditors of the Government. These notes are
declared to be money, and are made a legal tender
for all public and private debts. It provides that
these notes, at the pleasure of the holder, may be
funded in bonds of the United States bearing six
per cent, interest, which it authorizes to be issued
to the amount of $500,000,000. The bill makes
no provision for the payment of the interest on
such bonds except in Treasury notes.
The general object of this plan for supplying
the wants of the Treasury I approve. If caiefully
adjusted, I am of opinion it will be efficient and
successful. If we are wise in shaping its details
the plan will bring relief to the Treasury and en-
able the Government with ease to prosecute the
war to a successful termination. But to some of
the provisions of this particular bill 1 have insur-
mountable objections.
I hold that, in its present form, itis inconsistent
with the Constitution, and destructive of public
credit. The provision making the notes pro-
posed to be issued a legal tender in the Settlement
of all debts, public and private, is, in my judg-
ment, a palpable violation of the Constitution. I
have listened, Mr. Chairman, with great anxiety
to the debates on this floor, m order to have that
objection removed. I should have been glad to
have found my own judgment erroneous. But,
sir, this debate has only confirmed and strength-
ened my convictions. Gentlemen have failed to
point to the clause of the Constitution authorizing
in express terms, or by reasonable implication,
this exercise of power. The Attorney General,
in his letter read by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Spaulding,] says there is no inhibi-
tion in the Constitution on making Treasury notes
a legal tender in payment of debts, public and pri-
vate, and hence it may be made. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Spaulding] adopted the
same view, and says that the Government pos-
sesses all the power necessary to maintain itself;
that Congress is to judge of what is necessary for
the maintenance of the Government, and may en-
act into law whatever it so judges to be necessary.
The Secretary of the Treasury assumes that it is
constitutional; but he assigns no reason. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
assumes that it is constitutional, but assigns no
reason. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] thinks that the power to make notes a tender
in payment of debts is an incident to the power
to regulate commerce, and is not prohibited.by
the Constitution.
This is a fair, candid, and full exposition of the
arguments made on this floor to persuade us that
this provision is constitutional; and it is all that
has been made. No other gentleman has spoken
upon the point. The committee has made no
report proving, or attempting to prove, its consti-
tutionality; indeed, it is understood that the com-
mittee is equally divided on the point, and there-
fore could make no report. No authority has
been quoted in favor of it; the opinion of no com-
mentator on the Constitution, of no statesman
or public man, living or dead, has been found
to favor it; and we are left to construe the Con-
stitution for ourselves, with no lights to aid us
to discover this power but those i have already
referred to.
The sum of the whole argument that has been
made in favor of the constitutionality of the power
of Congress to dcclare the Treasury notes con-
templated by this bill a legal tender in the pay-
ment of all debts, public and private, may be
stated in these three propositions: first,Congress
may declare these notes a legal tender because it
is not inhibited; secondly, the Government must
maintain itself, and Congress may exercise all the
powe'r and adopt any measure it judges necessary
for that object; and, thirdly, that the power to
declare these notes a legal tender is a means neces-
sary and proper to the full execution of the power
to regulate commerce.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot but express amazement
that a Cabinet minister, the first law officer of the
Government, should venture to risk his profes-
sional and official reputation on an avowal that a
proposition is constitutional because it is notinhib-
lted. The Constitution does not, and was not in-
tended to, restrict the powers of this Government.
That was not its purpose. It made the Govern-
ment; it called Congress into existence, and gave
it ail the power it can rightfully exercise. Con-
gress is not sovereign. It has no inherent power.
Its authority is entirely derivative. What was
not granted is not possessed. When a power is
claimed, the grant must be affirmatively shown.
And such are the express words of the Constitu-
tion itself. By the tenth additional article it is
provided:
"The powers not delegated to the United States by tlie
Constitution, norpiobibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the Slates respectively, or to the people."
This is a general inhibition of all power to Con-
gress not granted. When, therefore, 1 am told a
power is not inhibited, it is a conclusive answer
to say it is not granted. And it is happy for the
country itis so; for otherwise the discretion of
Congress would be the sole limit ©fits power, and
the most calamitous conscquences might well be
apprehended.
And the same may be said of the second prop-
osition urged in support of this provision, that
Congress, to insure the public safety, may adopt
any measure it may judge necessary. Itisaclaim
of unlimited authority.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Spaulb-
