546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
ular session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and one hun-
dred copies of the same for the House library, $14,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out "$15,000," and insert "$12,000;" so that the
paragiaph will lead:
For fuel and lights, including pay of engineers, firemen,
and laborers, repaiis, ana materials for engine room, $12,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Strike out" §1,500," and insert" $2,200 }" so that the par-
agraph will read:
In the office of the Fourth Auditor, for contingent ex-
penses of the office, $2,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Insert:
For the compensation of the surveyor genera! of Illinois
and Missouri, $2,000.
On a division, there were—ayes 42, noes 8.
Mr. BUFFINTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were orderedjand Messrs.Gurley and
Chamberun were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes 9; no quorum voting1.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask consent of the House
to make a statement. Yesterday I understood it
to bo the general understanding of the House that I
should be permitted to move an amendment to the
following appropriation:
Libraiy of Congress:
For compensation of librarian, three assistant librarians,
messengott^ and laborers, $10,000.
Ten thousand dollars fur this purpose is an in-
crease of $1,000 over the appropriation in the last
appropriation bill. All I desire is an opportunity
to present the proposition for that reduction for
the vote of the House. I think that I ought not
to be denied that privilege.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall moke no objection to
the gentleman's moving that amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdraw my objection
then to the pending amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Insert:
For compensation of twenty-five additional clerk<, to be
appointed by the Postma-ter General, under the second
section of the act entitled "An act to piomote the effi-
ciency of the dead letter office," nppiovcd January 21,1862,
$20,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
After the words, " For compensation and mileage of the
members of the Legislative Assembly, officer*, clerics and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, $lf>,000,  add as
follows:
Provided!, That the surplus, if any, of said appiopriation
may be used for the icpair of the palace buildmg and the
revision of the laws of New Mexico.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Strike outsi ,$10,000'' and Inscit 000 ;,J so that it will
read:
Territory of Nebraska:
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and secretary,
$20,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Insert:
For salaries of clcrks, messengers, and laborers in the
office of the Assistant Treasuiei at St. Louis, $4,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Strike out "lor compensation of twenty-two laborers
employed in the public giounds, $13,200," and in&ett in
lieu thereof the following:
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-one laborers
employed in the public grounds, $13,400.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded a division.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
26, noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless members vote I will
be compelled to have a call of the House. I move
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. TRAIN" demanded tellers.
Mr STEVENS. I withdraw the motion for a
call of the House, and ask for a division of the
House by tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Loomis and
English were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—■
ayes eighty-six; noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Fifteenth amendment:
Line eight hundred and twenty-eight, insert:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to em-
ploy a keeper of the three furnaces under the old hall of the
House of Representatives, $600.
For a deficiency for the present fiscal year for keeping
sakl furnaces nine months, $400.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Line eighteen, page 38 of the bill, stuke outil ten," and
insert u sevenso that the elausc shall icad:
For furniture and repairs, and boxes for members, $*7,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Line twenty-five, strike outc: ten," and insert" five;"
so that the clause shall lead:
For expenses ot the investigating committees of the
House of Representatives and the Senate, appointed at the
fiist session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, $o,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
For rent of suiveyor general's office, New Mexico, fuel,
books, stationciy, and othei incidental expenses, $9J4 36.
Foi payment of salaries of clerks in the Attoi ney General's
office, appointed under authority of the act of 2d of August,
1861, ®l,400.
The amendmentwas concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. As the amendmentshave been
now disposed of, I desire to offer an amendment
which was generally admitted yesterday should
be made. It is to strike out " ten," in line one
hundred and thirty-six, and insert in lieu thereof
"nine;" so that the appropriation for compensa-
tion of librarian, three assistant librarians, mes-
sengers, and laborers of the library of Congress
shall be reduced to $9,000, which will conform to
the appropriation made last year.
Mr. BLAKE. I object to the amendmentbeing
offered.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. BLAKE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I am now able to give the
gentleman the explanation which was called for
yesterday, but which I was not then able to make.
As the gentleman has stated, the last Congress
appropriated only $9,000, but by the act of July
25, 1861, two laborers, at $500 each, were author-
ized to be employed; which makes the additional
§1,000 which has been added to the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. If that is the fact I withdraw
my amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time. %
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to bo put.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas anil nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
last taken, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House agree
to the request of the Senate to appointa commit-
tee of conference upon the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Cox, and Mr. Maynard as such
committee upon the part of the House.
PURCHASE OF COTTON SEED.
Mr. LOVEJOY,fiom the Committee on Agri-
culture, reported a bill authorizing the purchase
of cotton seed.
The bill, which was read, appropriates $3,000
for the purchase of cotton seed, under the super-
intendence of the Secretary of War, for distribu-
tion in the southern portions of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa; provided that such
cotton seed shall be purchased from such places
■ where cotton is grown, as far north as practica-
! ble.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I send up a communication,
I and uhk that it be icad.
The communication was ipad, as follows:
United States Patent Otfici:, January 25, 1862.
The extnumUiKuy demand upon tins division for a giCen"
or upland cotton seed 1-, lamely in excess of the ability to
i supply within the limit of the present appropriation.
! Letters from intelligent agriculturists up to the line of
46° north latitude are desiring to receive this seed, while
from many portions of the corn-growing legions of the
West, including Kansas, farmers are applying daily for the
means to commence the cultivation of cotton.
In view of these facts, I beg leave, most respectfully, to
submit to j oui consideration the propriety of a special ap-
propriation of §5,000, or such othei sum as may, m jour
opinion, be deemed proper, foi the purpose of piocurmg
upland cotton seed, tor genetal distribution through this
olfice.
1 am as-siued that parties in the North now have several
thousand bushels of this seed ; butthe policy of purchasing
of thern, or of sending foi it, will have to be detri mined by
the price at which it may be obtained : but 1 feel confident
that seed can be procured and distributed in time for plant-
ing.
With the highest respect, yours,
D. P. HOLLOW AY,
Commissioner of Patents,
Hon. Owen Lovejoy, Chairman Committee JJgriculture,
United States House of Representatives.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask that the bill may be put
upon its passage now, for the reason that if any-
thing is to be done m that direction—and there
seems to be a very general desire throughout the
country that something should be done—it must
be done soon, or it will be too late. If there is any
objection to the insertion of the names of places
of distribution, I shall not object to striking them
out, and thus leave the distribution to the discre-
tion of the department which usually distributes
seeds.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether the bill does not pro-
pose to limit the distribution of the seed to certain
western States ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. It does; and I was just say-
ing that I was willing to amend the bill by strik-
ing out those names, and allow the seed to be dis-
tributed wherever the distributing office thinks
proper.
Mr. JOHNSON. I merely wish to say that I
regard this as an experiment which will amount
to nothing at all; still I have no objection to grat-
ifying the public, provided we can all be gratified
at the same time.
By unanimous consent the bill was amended,
by striking out the names of the States and insert-
ing the word "general'' before the word "distri-
bution."
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether it would not be better
that this purchase of seed should be made under
the superintendence of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, by the agricultural bureau connected with
that Department of the Government; and also
whether this $3,000 should not be taken out of the
money already appropriated for the purchase of
seeds? We have certainly made a very liberal
appropriation already for agricultural purposes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no objection to the
first portion of the suggestion of the gentleman
from Illinois. But in reference to the other mat-
ter, I will say to the gentleman that the appropri-
ation we have already made for agricultural pur-
poses does not take effect until the 1st of July,
and that will be too late for the purposes had in
view by this appropriation.
I supposed that probably the seed would be ob-
tained by the Burnside expedition, which is under
the direction of the Secretary of War, and would
be handed over to the Interior Department to be
distributed; but I have no objection to inserting
" Secretary of the Interior" in the place of "Sec-
retary of War."
By unanimous consent, the latter amendment
was made in the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my other amend-
ment, inasmuch as the gentleman seems to think
that the money already appropriated will not be
available in time.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
opeiauon thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the thud time.
: Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
