1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
37th Cong....2d Sess.
United, States Notes—Mr. Crisfield.
Ho. of Reps.
ing] says the power to make these notes a legal
tender is derived from the power of the Govern-
ment to maintain itself, and that Congress is to be
the judge of the means. Why, sir, this broad
construction of the Constitution would allow you
to do anything; it would authorize the monstrous
proposition wliich the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] announced upon this floor
the other day, that this Congress had the power
to establish a dictator if, in its judgment, the main-
tenance of the Government required it. Sir, if that
is to be the limit of constitutional power, what may
not be expected to be done? If Congress has
unlimited discretion, upon the plea that the public
safety requires it, your Government itself will
cease to e'xist. No such construction'can be ad-
mitted or acted on for a moment without giving up
every power of the Government. The Government
itself could not last for an hour under it. Your
whole theory of government would be overturned.
Every restraint would be taken away, and we
should exist upon no more solid security for our
rights and liberties than the mercy or caprice of
those who happened for the hour to hold the reins'
of the Government.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
says this power to make paper a legal tender in
payment of debts is to be found in the power of
Congress to regulate commerce. Mr. Chairman,
I admit that the jjpwer to regulate commerce is
one of the powers granted to Congress in express
words; I admit that included in that grant is the
grant of power to make all laws winch shall be
necessary and proper for carrying it into execu-
tion; and I admit, further, that Congress may
judge what laws are appropriate and best calcu-
lated to produce that end; and then the question
presents itself, is the making of paper a legal tender
m the discharge of debts necessary and proper
• to enable Congress to regulate commerce? Allow
the most liberal interpretation to be given to the
words "necessary and proper," and even then
you fail to arrive at the conclusion that the sub-
stitution of paper for gold, as a standard by which
its exchanges are made, tends, or in any degree
aids Congress to regulate or promote commerce.
The discretion vested in Congress by which it is
to choose the means to execute its granted powers
is not an arbitrary or capricious discretion. It is
judicial in its nature, and is to be exercised by
fixed rules. Congress may choose the means to
effect the end, butthe means chosen must be such
as are necessary and proper to effect the end; that
is, they must be such as tend to its accomplish-
ment, and the choice must be made in good faith.
The, power is incidental to the execution of the
express grant, and cannot be rightfully used for
any other purpose.
If, under the pretext of regulating commerce, a
law is passed to accomplish a different purpose,
foreign to and perhaps destructive of commerce,
it would be a fraud on the Constitution. How can
the banishment of gold and silver, the moststable
in value of all known substances, and the substi-
tution of paper, the most fluctuating, as tender in
payment of debts, either regulate or promote com-
merce? So far from regulating and promoting,
its direct and certain effect is to disturb and de-
stroy it. And in this case we know the object is
not to regulate commerce. To say so would be
amere subterfuge. As a matter of fact, weknow
that the making of these notes a tender is not to reg-
ulate commerce; but to give the notes themselves a
currency, and to compel the community to receive
them. The effort, therefore, to deduce the power
to make Treasury notes a legal tender from the
grant in the Constitution to regulate commerce
utterly fails; and I venture to affirm that the effort
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] yes-
terday, is the first that ever was made in any de-
liberative assembly, or by any public man, for
that purpose.
Mr. Chairman, under the power to regulate
commerce, it is undoubtedly true that Congress
may adopt measures to create, enlarge, or improve
the currency. Commerce cannot be regulated,
much less promo ted, without a sufficient and sound
currency. It was mainly under this gram that
Congress discovered and exercised the power to
charter the Bank of the United States. One ot the
principal offices of that institution was to improve
Neat Series—No. 4.
and enlarge the currency, and thus facilitate the
commerce and business of the country. I think
it is a power which Congress may properly ex-
ercise. But the power to enlarge and improve the
currency is a very different thing from a power to
make anything it may see fit a legal tender in the
payment of debts. The essential element of a cur-
rency is a fixed and unvarying standard of value.
That is found only in gold and silver. Of all
metals they have the greatest intrinsic worth, and
are least liable to fluctuation. Their value with
respect to all other things has been determined by
the common consent of mankind. Hence they
have been selected by the whole world as the ul-
timate standard by which all settlements are to be
made.
Congress, under the Constitution,has powcrto
coin money, and to determine the value of each
coin; that is, express its value in the nomencla-
ture of the country. But the coinage is not suf-
ficient for all purposes of commerce, and if it
were, it is too ponderous and otherwise inconve-
nient to be handled. Hence the necessity of some
device to represent coin, multiply its power, and
avoid the inconvenience of its transmission. This
is done by paper representing coin, and always
convertible into it. To enlarge and improve the
currency means simply to devise a means by
which paper shall represent coin, and may be cer-
tainly and readily exchanged for coin. The paper
has no intrinsic value, and becomes worthless
when it ceases to represent and be convertible into
coin. To make paper a legal tender in the dis-
charge of contracts is quite another and dissimilar
thing. The one is to bring paper up to the value
of coin, the other is to reduce all contracts which
represent coin to the level of irredeemable paper.
The one enlarges and improves the currency and
multiplies the power and utility of com; the other
contracts, deranges, and weakens the currency,
and drives coin into its hidingplaces. The one reg-
ulates, improves, and invigorates commerce; the
other prostrates and must ultimately destroy it.
The Constitution found gold and silver coin the
medium in which all contracts were t.0 be settled.
It recognized, but did not seek to disturb it. It
gave Congress no power to disturb it, and inhib-
ited the States from makinganything else a tender
in payment of debts. And we have 110 power
to alter what the Constitution chose to leave un-
touched. We have no constitutional power to
pass this bill. Sir, the argument of my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] upon this point was
conclusive; It has not even been assailed, and
cannot be" All the efforts of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House have failed in even break-
ing down the weakest of his outposts. They have
not touched his argument, and they cannot touch
it. It is unanswerable. His position is impreg-
nable. I am not going to repeat that argument.
It was better stated by him than it can be by me;
but there are some thoughts* which occur to me in
support of the position assumed by him which
will perhaps aid to some extent in demonstrating
its conclusiveness.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.BraciiAM] says
that Congress has power to make anything it
pleases a legal tender in payment of debt, lie
. I S~< ...    . i1 .1. ^
stitution. Every State in the Union may exercise
it. Let us see how the matter will work. The
State of Maryland has made gold and silver a
tender in payment of debts. Congress, under the
wise and sagacious counsels of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] makes leather a legal
tender for that purpose. You profess to act for
the whole people of Maryland; you profess to act
for all, wherever the jurisdiction of the United
States Government extends, and to declare that
leather shall be a legal tender in paymentof debt.
But the State of Maryland says, " the Constitu-
tion of the United States has given mean express
grant to make gold and silver coin a legal tender
in payment of debt within my limits, and in pur-
suance of that grant, I have established gold and
silver as the only legal tender." Which law,
Mr. Chairman, are the people of Maryland to
obey? Arc your laws to have supremacy ? Mary-
land points to the Constitution, and there reads
that she may not make anything else, but that
she may make gold and silver a legal tender. Are
her people to be the victims of this conflict of
jurisdiction? Is this conflict of jurisdiction con-
sistent with the declared objects for which the
Union was formed and the Constitution was estab-
lished ?
Mr. Chairman, the very statement of this pal-
pable and inevitable consequence at once and
forever dissipates every argument whichhas been,
or can be, presented by gentlemen upon the other
side of the House. This Government has 110
power to declare anything but gold and siver coin
a legal tender in the discharge of debts. Congress
isnotinhibitedfrommalringanythingelsea tender,
for the' simple reason that 110 power was ever
granted to make anything .else a tender; and if
Congress attempted to follow the counsels of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] this Gov-
ernment early will find itself involved in fearful
conflicts of jurisdiction with every State in the
Union.
Mr. HARRISON. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. CRISFIELD. I decline to be interrupted.
I mean 110 discourtesy; but I must decline to be
interrupted.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there are other provisions
in the Constitution which show quite as clearly
that Congress has no power to disturb the accus-
tomed medium, which is the final measure of all
financial values. What, let me ask you, will be
the practical operation of this scheme? You throw
aside gold and silver, and make Treasury notes
a legal tender. These notes will fall ten, fifteen,
and, it may be, twenty or fifty per ccnt. below the
standard of gold and silver. You require me to
take them in payment of a debt which has been
contracted to be paid to me in gold and silver. Is
it not taking from me my property, and turning
it over to my debtor? And where, letme ask, do
you derive the power to take from me my prop-
erty, against my consent, and transfer it to an-
other; You are inhibited from the exercise of
such a power. By the express words of the Con-
stitution you can take the propcity ot 110 man,
except by due process of law. It can be done
only as the penalty of some crime, or as a fbrfeit-
^^^^sr^yrinrth^ fiC'™^ urc'for the violation of some law; and then only
* J. , P i   _ * T\r~..r nT->/-.n ✓•mi virt.irm. find ill SOflIC
leather a legal tender in payment of debt. Now,
let us examine for a moment that proposition.
What was the object of the Constitution ? It was,
among other things, "to form a more perfect
Union, to establish justice, and to insure domes-
tic tranquillity." The objcct was to prevent a con-
flict of jurisdiction between the different States,
and between them and the Geneial Government.
It was to insure uniformity of legislation. It was,
among other tilings, to lnsuic that there should
be 110 conflict of legislation or authority upon this
subject. Now, what does the Constitution do?
It provides that "110 State shall make anything 1
but gold and silver coin a tender m payment of j
debt." In other words, they may not make any- j
else a tender, but they may make gold and 1
upon trial, conviction, and judgment, in some
court of competent jurisdiction. Yet those who
support this bill march forward to their purpose
in utter disregard of the obligation of contracts,
in utter disregard of the spint and the very lan-
guage of the Constitution.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have 110 doubt that this pro-
vision of the bill is unconstitutional , and if it be
retained, I must adhere to my constitutional obli-
gations, and, be the consequences what they may,
vote against the bill. I shall regret to do so; but,
sir, I can see no necessity for violating the Con-
stitution. The particular provision is not neces-
sary for any public purpose. The public credit
does not require and will not be improved by it.
And I beg and implore the House to pause m the
■ ■ ■ ■ - ■ -big,and take
sUvcr ^coin^a^legal' tender^ Every Stat? in this ij course upon which thoyare nowenteri
Union has made^old and silver com a tender, hy i: another and a diflerent one. , • nn„nn
which all contracts made within its jurisdiction g teS^Saration Tnal
Itft^ake such ,egisla- i! ^SSSSSi
tion is clear. It is an express grant of the Con- ' ■ this Government ts unable to meet orations
