THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D; 0%
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1862.
New Series.....No.,^59.;
In 1849, Commodore Footc was ordered to the
African coast. I hold in my hand a book which
he published, containing his African observations
made in 1850-51. He often dwells upon the
young republic of Liberia. He does not agree
with the gentleman from Ohio that the negro has
no fitness for commerce.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him?
Mr. KELLEY. I will be glad to hear the
gentleman when I shall have finished, but I can-
not yield to him if his remarks are to be deducted
from the time 1 am entitled to occupy.
Mr. COX. The gentleman misrepresents me.
I said nothing of the kind.
Mr. KELLEY. I so noted the gentleman at
the time.
Mr. COX. On the contrary, I argued 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; I do not. I will
gladly be corrected if I have not stated the posi-
tion assumed by the gentleman correctly, but as
my time is passing rapidly, I cannot now yield to
the gentleman even for that purpose. Commo-
dore Foote says:
ee It is impossible to say how lucrative this (Libcuan)
commerce may ultimately become. That the whole Af-
rican coa-t should assume the aspect of' Liberia is\ per-
haps, not an unreasonable exportation. Thar Liberia will
continue to giow in wealth and influence, i> not linpioba-
ble. Theie is intelligence anions its people, and wisdom
and eneigv In it> councils. There no reason to believe
that tins will not continue Its position makes' it an agri-
cultural community. Otner lands mu.-t affoid it? manu-
facturers and its trader--. Thei e will, therelore, ever be on
its shores a fatr field for Ameucan enterprise.
kC The reduction or annihilation of the slave tiade is open-
ing the whole of these vas-t regions to science and legal
commerce. Let America take her light share in them. It
is throwiiiff wide the pottals of the continent, for the en-
hance ot Christian civilization. Let our country exert its
full proportion of this influence, and thus recompense to
Africa tiie wrong* inflicted upon her people, in which hith-
eito nil nations have participated ^—.Bjticu end the Jimcr~
ican Flag, pp. 389, 390.
Speaking of the dyes of this republic, it should
be borne in mind that as a manufacturing people
we are large consumers of dye stuffs, upon the
quality of which our successful competition with
other nations often depends, and that we are now
compelled to procure them from these republics
through the medium of England, paying tribute
to her and receiving from her the dregs, her peo-
ple using the best. On this and kiudied topics let
Commodore Foote also be heard:
"The vegetable article* of export arc of gi eat value. Cot-
ton m w be produced m unlimited abundance The African
dye stuffs aie direadv recognized as extensive and valuable
aitieles of commerce. Iuditro w Used extensively by the na-
tives. When we lecolleu that the vast trade of llengal m
tins article has been ciented withm the memory ot men still
living, and that India pos.-esses no natuial advantages be-
yond" those ol Africa, we may inter what a piot'uslon of
wealth mmiit be pouted rapidly ovei At'nca by peace and
good government.
" Gum« of vanou-i kinds constitute a branch of trade which
may be considered as only commencing The e.U'-uMve
employment of india-rubber and the knowledge of gutta-^
pereha, aie onlv a few years old. Africa gives promise of
a luge vupplv of such articles. Its caoutchouc has already
beeiwnuuduced into the aits. It may be long before tho
natutal source* ot snpplv found in its marshy forests can be
exhausted. Be that as it may, when men aie induced, as
perhaps they soon will be, to substitute legulai cultivation
loi tin' wild and moie irregular modes of procuring aitieles
which aie becoming every day of moie essential import-
ance, Afi iea may take a gieat share in the mean?adopted
to ' upplv them.
<• Wnat maybe done in tho production ofsugar and conoe
no man can t li. James McQueen, who lias duim<ragieat
pa it of his life devoted lii> attention to the condition and
iiit>.'!e-t"5 ot Ainca. save evidence befoie a committee ot the
Hirlish lIou«e ot Peer?, in 18.")0, to the foiiowing effect*
'There is scarcely any tiopical production known in the
woild vvhicluloes'notcome to perfection m Ahica. Theie
are many pioduetions which aie pecuiiaily her own. The
dye \'ufjs tend due woods ai esuperior to any winch arc known
in anv'othcr quart a of the icoi id, inasmuch as they icsist both
achh*un<l hzht. things which tcc know no other dye from
any other purt'i of the woild can resist. Then theie is the
aitieie of sugar, that can be piodncrd in eveiv paitof Africa
to an unliiniiod extent. There is cotton al.-o above all tilings, j
cvHto'i of a qua'ilv s-o fine ; it is fim-r than any description i
of cotfnr v/e know ot m the world. Common cotton in '
AStJc.i I have seen and had m m\ possession, wmeh was
euual to lb" fi.e^t quality of Amoiiean cotton.
" k Ee\ ptiau cotton is not so sood as tiic cotton away to
the isouth ; hut the eotton produced in the southern parts of
169
Africa is peculiarly fine. Africa is a most extraordinary
country. In the eastern horn of Africa, wluch you think
to be a desolate wilderness, there is the finest countiy and
the finest climate I know. I know of none in South Amer-
ica equal to the climate of the eounfiy in the northeastern
horn of Afuca. It is a very elevated country, and on the
uppei regions you have all the fruits and flowers and gram
of Europe growing ; and in the valleys you have the finest
fruits of the torrid zone. The whole country is covered
with myrrh and frankincense; it is covered with flocks and
held*; it produces abundance of the finest giam. Near
Brasa, for instance, on the river VVebbe, you can purchase
as much fine wheat foi a dollar as will seive a man foi a
year. All kinds of European grain flourish there. In En-
erea and Kaflvi the whole country lis covered with coffee. It
is the original country of the coffee. You can purchase an
ass's load {two hundred pounds) of colfee in the berry for
about a dollar. The gt eater portion of the coffee that we
receive tiom Mocha is actually Afncan coffee, produced in
that part.'"—Jljrica and the American Flag. pp. G7-70.
Commodore Foote also answers some of the
suggestions of my colleague [Mr. Biddle] and
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] as to the un-
fitness of the negro for social, political, or com-
mercial relations. He says, (pages 205 and 206:)
" A movement for the elevation of the colony into an in-
dependent State, has been made by the people at Cape
Palmar, and a commission ha^ visited thiscountiytomake
ariangemcnts for the putpose. That theie betull political
independence gianted to this people is requisite as an ele-
ment of the gieat achievement now going on. This con-
templates something lar higher than cieating merely a ref-
uge for black men, oi sticking on a patch of colored America
on the coast of Africa, like an ill-a^suitod graft, fui which
the old stock is none the bettei Liberia is the restoration
of the Afncan, in hi^ highest intellectual condition, to that
countiv in which his condition had become the most de-
graded. The question h to be settled whether that condi-
tion can be retained orso improved that he may keep pace
with the icjt of the woild.
It is a necessary element m this pioeeedms, that he be
self-governing It is to the establishment of this point that
all men look to decide the dispute, whether negro races are
to remam forever degraded or not. Time and patience,
howevei, and much kind watchfulness, may b<- requned be-
foie this experiment be deemed conclusive. Let marry fail-
ures be anticipated ere a certain lesultis secured. Let no
higher claims be made on the negio than on other races.
Would a colony of Frenchmen, Spaniaids, Portuguese,
Sicilians, if left*to themselves, offer a fauer prospect of
success than Liberia now offers? Fewpeisons would have
confidence m the stability of republican institutions among
these iaees, if so placed.
"Let then the black man be judged fairly, and not pre-
sumed to have become all at once and by inuacle of a higher
oider than old historic nation*, through many generations
of whom the political organisation ot the woild has been
slowly developing itself. Theie will be among them men
who ate covetous, or men who aie tyianmcal, or men who
would saci .ii*« the public interest, or any others, to then
own; men who would now go into the slave tiade if they
could, or rob ben-roosts, or intrigue foi office, or pick pock-
et* rathei than tumble then heads or their hands with moie
honorable occupations. It should be remembered by visit-
ors that such thnnrs will be found in Liberia, not because
men are black, but because men aie men.'*
A woid more as to the capacity of these people
for commerce, and as to the folly of a policy
which would prevent our merchants from engag-
ing in that commerce, and which would exclude
our manufacturers, farmers, and mechanics from
enjoying its advantages.
Sir, we need a minister at each of these coun-
tries. When once we have a minister resident at
Hayti or Liberia, the taufF and terms of commer-
cial intercourse will be regulated by treaty, and
our merchants and manufacturers will not be sub-
ject, as they now are, to discriminations against
"them, under which they suffer seriously. By the
laws of these republics an extra duty is now
levied upon the imports of those nations which
have failed to recognize their independence. Give
us ministers or commissioners resident there, and
we will then be on equal terms with the most
favored nations. Let us recognize the nationality
of these republics, and cease to be the proper sub-
jects of these exactions. Lotus, I repeat, open the
way for our commerce with these countries, wel-
come their products which we need, and find in
them markets for our manufactured articles.
I now read from a letter addressed to me in the
early part of the session, by a gentleman of Phila-
delphia, who for years has taken a profound in-
terest in the question under consideration. I do ^
so for the purpose of showing the fitness of these .
people for commerccand self-government, and the \
injustice of the tone with which the proposition j
before the House has been met: j
"Libena ia a center of trade and commercc in Africa, !
and is developing this region of the continent. Tire export
of a single commodity—palm oil—from western Afriea3 is
estimated to reach annually sixty thousand tons, exceed-
ing in value that of a whale oil season. Great Britaiti re*
ceived,m 804,325ewts., as is shown in offieiaJ returns^
equal to 40,516 tons. The exports of British goods to west
eoabt of Africa during the first six months of A8b0, amounted
to $-3,056j310j being a gain of foity per ccnt. on the ship-
ments of the corresponding period of 1858. The subject of
African commerce is engaging more and more the attention
of our merchant*, and the power of Liberia wiH soon be
felt in the commeicial world.
" Tire far-ieaehitig policy of the British authorities and
people is drawing to its ports a large and highly lucrative
intercourse with the west coast of Africa. The proof of
tliis is shown in a recent money article in the London
Times, in noticing the half-yearly meeting of the AO ican
Stearu Company, held on the 14th day of last December.
It is stated that ca dividend of seven shillings per share was
declared—being at the rate of seven per cent, per annum—
free of income tax.' A reserve of seven and a half per
cent, pei annum was likewise made for depreciation, and
seveial heavy looses were also met and liquidated.
"Some iouy craft, built m Liberia, and owned and
manned by its citizens, trade along its sea-board and navi-
gable rivets. Linger vessels are similarly engaged between
it and foreign countries. Three of these, the Slopes Sliep-
paid, Daylight, and Eu-ehiaJ. Roye, which used to visit
Baltimore and New York, now iuu to Liverpool from the
Libeiian waters, rn consequence of the discriminating
charges imposed upon them and their cargoes in our ports.
France, Gieat Butain, Belgium, Prussia, Brazil, Lubce,
Bremen, Hamburg, Portugal, ami the kingdom of Italy have
acknowledged the nationality of Libei ia, and it has treaties
of aunty and commerce with not only themajority-of these
Powers, but with nunu-iou^ other**.
" Foon, it is imped, the United States will recognise this
yonnir Afncan Ptate,and enter into treaty relations with it.
Should the existmgaud injurious status be lnamtained^our
country miist lose its present share of Liber tan trade, For it
will flow whcietheiearethelea^t obstructions and its con-
ductors freely welcomed instead of being repelled by bur-
densome exaction-?. A* yet, our shipping and products are
admitted into Liberia on the same fooling as those of the
most friendly nations; but may not its people retaliate, and
cause the enactment of measures which shall practically
drive American ships and traffic from their port?, as we are
now doing with hers? Can wc well afford to do this?"
And shall we hesitate about recognizing as mem-
bers of the family of nations these two republics?
What reason can we give for it to history and to
the world? What trade or legitimate interest will
such an act injure or interfere with ? None. It
will indeed break up the slave trade; make Liberia
powerful, and in this cause she will fight the
nations of the world gallantly, as her little navy
did the Spanish steamer that undertook to punish
her for having searched a Span ish vessel for slaves.
It will, I say, break up the slave trade, and shut
out of our country further importations of what
my colleague is so terribly afraid of, the negro.
He will not willingly come from a land where he
is a man to one m which he is embraced in the
category of cattle. Nor will he, when Liberia can
prevent it, be brought here as our Democratic
friends have been in the habit of bringing him for
the last few years? It may be said that slaves have
not been brought heieatall. If so,let me just here
make another little extract from the letter of my
friend, William Coppinger, Esq.:
"TJto capacity and value of Liberia to the United States
i^ pi'ietieallvillu.stiated in the leceiptand wise disposition,
during the space of nine mouths, August 21, 1860, to May
8,1861, of lour thousand loui hundred and ^evonty-niite
hbeiated slaves, seized in slavers by Amcriean ci utters
and landed tn that republic by direction of our Govern-
ment. its humanity and strength aie demonstrated in the
successful lc-i-tauoe made September II, 1861, in the har-
bor ot" Momovia, to an unexpected attack made by «i three-
masted Spanish war steamer, the Ceres, which undertook
to sink the Liberran naval vessel duaif, for capturing a sla-
ver at Gallrna«. the northern boundary of the republic; and
m pi eventing the native chiefs and head men along its in-
terior, from Gallinas to Palmas, from participating m the
infamous, slave traffic."
I admit that the passage of this bill will injuri-
ously affect the interest of the slave-trader, by cut-
tin" off the supply of slaves. It will also do much
to break up one other traffic—the manufacture and
sale of counterfeit Haytien dollars. As wo do not
recognize Hayti as a nation, our courts cannot
punish the counterfeiting of her coin as a crime.
When, therefore, we find a counterfeit Haytien
dollar in our pockets, we may charge it to our own
act, for by our unwisdom and inhumanity we have
legalized the manufacture of such coaiiterfeitooin
in every town in our country. The manufacture
of such coin and the slave trade are the only in-
terests that the passage of this bill can possibly
