2530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
affect injuriously; while those engaged in every
branch' of art, trade, and commerce, from the man
who digs iron ore from the r.irtlj to him who
manufactures the finest mechanism or the most ele-
gant furnitme or apparel, will feel its beneficial
influence. And I ask again what argument can be
madeagainstit? What but derision ot'the negro can
be suggested as an objection} The distinguished
gentleman from Ohio and my colleague shrink
from personal contact with negroes. 1 would not
willingly cause either of them pain. But suppose
these republics should each send a colored minis-
ter, the gentlemen cannot be much annoyed by
them; they need only come in contact with such
official personages for brief interviews, at long in-
tervals, during the period that they shall respect-
ively be President of the Uniled States or Sec-
retary of State. [Laughter.] This measure of
annoyance the honors that doubtless await them
may subject them to; and I am sure that they
will endure it with becoming foititude if assured
that it will achieve great national good. Thus
much their distinguished patriotism justifies me
in promising for them.
Our commerce, trade, manufactures, agricul-
ture, will all feel the stimulating influence of this
measure,butaboveall, thegentlemen on the Dem-
ocratic side of the House will soon have reason
to rejoice, for, under the influence o.f this bill, they
wilt be relieved of theghostof theirBanquo. The
negro will soon have leave to depart; peace will
come to their souls. Sir, when Liberian steam-
ers and sailing vessels enter our ports, owned,
freighted, and manned by Liberian citizens, and
when our colored people observe these evidences
of prosperity, and learn that the Piesident is a
negro, that the chief justice is a negro, that the
judges, the legislators, the congressmen, are ne-
groes, and that the wealth and honors of the coun-
try are open to them and their children; when their
friends bring them, as tliey can, such books as lie
upon the tables of some of our members, the essays
of that graduate of Queen's College, Cambridge,
England, Rev. James Crummell, who spends an
occasional hour with the barber in the cloak-room
of the House; when, I say, they see evidences of
wealth, enterprise,and prosperity,and such native
literature coming from these republics, and learn,
as they soon will, that they may there associate
freely with men who have been the companions of
princes in the schools of England, tliey will feel
that tliey can no longer bear the taunts and gibes
of thegentlemen from the second district of Penn-
sylvania and from Ohio, and will escape, even at
the cost of becoming the companions of such men
as Crummell and Jeflfrargand President Benson,
black though they be.
How strange a thing is llio human intellect! To
get rid of the negro is the special anxiety of these
gentlemen, and yet they will not help to build
up a power that will prevent more slaves being
brought into the country; they will not give dig-
nity and character to nations that urge our negroes
to come to them. They hate them, they love them,
they sneer at and embrace them, until logic and
instinct are alike at fault when attempting to as-
certain what their views and wishes are upon this
to them all-absorbing subject. I am for recogniz-
ing every nation that has power to maintain itself
peaceably among the nations of the world, and 1
pray that God may give mo grace, whenever I
see a suffering fellow-man, to pity and to wish to
serve him; and as a member of the Government
of this great nation, to be always ready, not alone
when, as in this case, there are powerful motives
leading to it, not when dollars and cents lie in the
way, but when it might be, which this cannot, an
act of generous magnanimity to urge my country
to extend its recognition and sympathy to feeble
and struggling nations. I believe that it comports
with the spirit of the age and the honor and dig-
nity of my country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McKNIGHT. Mr. Spealce r, so long ago
as the year 1800, on the very threshold of the pres- j
ent century, the State of Viiginia originated the i
project of colonizing the people of color from the |
Urn led States on the coast of Africa, the home of ■'
their fathers; and her Governor, James Monroe, !
was instructed to correspond with President Jef- \\
ferson on the subjcct. After some ineffectual ne-
gotiafjnns,througli our minister to England, with j
the oierra Leone Company, the proicct was j
dropped. Sixteen years subsequently; Virginia I
aud New Jersey moved simultaneously towards
the same philanthropic object—Virginia acting
through her Representatives in Congress, and
New Jersey by the self-denying labois of Rev.
Robert Finley, who visited this city at that period,
conferred with eminent citizens from all parts of
the country, and convened, in the Hail of the
House of Representatives, on the 20th of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1816, a meeting, over which presided
Henry Clay, then Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives. At this meeting was initiated the
American Colonization Society, which assumed
an organized shape on the lstday of January, A.
D. 1817, by the election of Bushrod Washington,
of Virginia, as president, and as vice presidents,
Henry Clay, of Kentucky, and Hem-y Rutgers,
of New York; Samuel Smith, of Maryland, and
W. Phillips, of Massachusetts; Andrew Jackson,
of Tennessee, and Robert Ralston, of Pennsyl-
vania; John Taylor, of Caroline, Virginia, and
Robert Finley, of New Jersey; William Henry
Crawford, of Georgia, and Richard RushofPenn-
sylvania. Those were halcyon days, when men
of the South and the North, of the slave and the
free States, and of all parties, could confer, and d is-
cuss, and fraternize in earnest efforts to meliorate
the condition of that unfortunate race, sufferers
themselves, and at the same time the " spring of
woes unnumbered " to the Republic where, under
Providence, their lot had been cast.
Through the instrumentality of this society,
during the administration of President Monroe,
an ardent friend of the scheme, territory was se-
emed on the west coast of Africa, and early in
1820 the first emigrant from America embafked
at New York for Liberia—that Liberia which to-
day knocks at your door for recognition and kindly
greeting. Many of the great, good men of Vir-
ginin, Maryland, and Kentucky, in addition to
those already named, were long-tried and warm
friends of Liberia. From Virginia, Chief Justice
Marshall, Charles Fenton Mercer, and McDow-
ell; from Maryland, Howard and Latrobe; and
from Kentucky, Young, Underwood, and the
Breekmridges, (llobei t J.and William;) nor may i
omit here the name of that eminent divine whose
name was given to the first high sehool in Libe-
ria, Rev. Dr. A. Alexander, of New Jeisey.
The colony then and there established grew and
developed and extended alike her temtoiy and
her influence, and with similar adjacent settle-
ments and colonies was in JS3D united into a
commonwealth, and, starting afresh in the race of
national progress, adopted a constitution on the
26th day of July, A. D. 1847, and was ushered
into the family of nations as the Republic of Li-
beria. Fromevcry consideration of duty and pol-
icy, natural, commercial, political, and national,
ourown Republic should have been the first coun-
try to extend the right hand of fellowship and
welcome to her young sister. She owed it alike
to Liberia and to herself. But despite the peti-
tions of many thousands of our citizens praying
for speedy lecogmtion, the black and malign spim
which has so long shaped and controlled our legis-
lation has, until now, been sufficiently potential
to disregard and defeat the manifest promptings
of duty and the wishes of the good people of tins
land. Mr. Clay earnestly advocated its recogni-
tion, and in a letter, dated Ashland, October* 18,
1851, to Mr. B. Coates, of Philadelphia, thus
speaks:
"i have thought for years the independence of Libeiia
ought to be leeogruzed by our Government, and I have fie-
(juently uijred it upon persons connected with the Adminis-
tration, and I shall continue to do so if I have suitable op-
portunities. The bc^t foim of accomplishing tli.u object
would be by the conclusion of a tieaty ot commeiee with
that republic.'1
And in another letter to the same, of October
20, 1851, he writes:
a I am extremely desirous that the independence of the
republic ot Lihpria should be recognized by out Govern-
ment, and I will do ull in my power to promote that object;
but 1 am only im individual, possessed ot no authority to
decide the question, winch can only be determined by our
own Government."
But even the persuasive voice of Kentucky's !
great Commoner could not avail to dispel the preju- 'J
diceand political blindness of his contemporaries, '<
who, unlike him, having the power and the op- ;
ponuujty to do a graceful act of national comity, j
yet could not, like him, rise to the true dignity and !
demands of statesmanship suitable to the occasion.
Very soon after her declaration of independence, '!
her President, Roberts, visited this country to ask
us to lead off in recognizing the infant republic.
But just about the time of his arrival, it happened
that the schooner Pearl was detected in running
off slaves from this capital. The excitement and
bad feeling consequent, were such#as to forbid, in
the opinion of the friends of Africa, any hope of
favorable action then, and Mr. Roberts promptly
sailed for Europe. The nationalities of Europe
were not so tardy in seeing the plain path of pol-
icy and duty, and on November 21, 1848, Great
Britain, whose foreign policy then, as now, was
shaped by the able and sagacious Palmerston,
lecognized the young republic, and concluded a
tieaty with het, "onthe footing of the most fa-
vored nations,"and stipulating to " extend to her
any favor, privilege, or immunity, which she has
granted or may hereafter grant to the citizens of
any other State." Her example was soon fol-
lowed by Belgium, Prussia, and even slavehold-
ing Brazil; aud subsequently by the three Han-
seatic towns of Lubec, Bremen, and Hamburg.
Imperial France also, too sagacious and politic to
be swayed by small and narrow prejudices when
they come in conflict with national policy and ag-
grandizement, recognized, and on April 17,1852,
negotiated a treaty with Liberia, wherein they
mutually agreed to treat each other on the footing
of the most favored nations. While more recent-
ly the kingdom of Italy, youngest born among tiie
nations, has stretched out her hand, and grasped
that of her African sister. Yet during all these
years of growth and progress, the great and free
Republic of America averted her face from her own
child; and not until that child has been adopted
and fostered and cherished-by strangers, does she
now propose to make tardy atonement for long
remissness.
It has been to our glory that we planted the
seeds of freedom, civilization, anil Christianity
on the shores of heathen Africa; and to our shame
that we have so long abandoned the cultuie and
nurtmeofthe plant toothers! I trust ail this has
passed away. We gaze to-day on this distant
republic to find her not merely recognized as an
! equal by ten respectable Powers, but growing
j alike in territory, wealth, Civilization, learning,
j and influence. Liberia extends in length along
] the eoast six hundred miles, and back towauls
the inteiior fiom fifty to one hundred and fifty
miles, ller population is composed of some sev-
enteen thousand Americans, twenty thousand
native Africans, assimilated to the former in civ-
ilization and religion, and of several hundred
thousand natives, living on her territory, subject
to her laws, and speaking the English language.
The Government, modeled after this country, is
controlled by a president, vice president, cabinet,
a house of representatives, and a supreme and
inferior courts; alt the offices being filled by col-
ored men. She has her churches, her common
schools, her seminaries, her college, and her news-
paper press. A specimen of the latter 1 now hold
in my hand, being a copy of the Liberia Herald,
of January 1, 1862, published in Monrovia. It
is a very interesting number, containing, beside
the accounts of the progress of our rebellion, re-
ports from their President and Secretary of State
to the Liberian Congress in reference to the le-
captuied African slaves settled there, and a copy
of the correspondence between Liberia's charge
d'affaiies at London, Gerard Ralston, and her
consul at Manchester, on the veiy interesting sub-
ject of the more extensive cultivation of cotton in
that African republic. It also has a review of
some native Liberian literature, among the rest
of a treatise on the English Language in Liberia,
by Rev. A. Crummell, A. B., a colored graduate
of Cambridge College, England, whose degree of
bachelor of arts tins and other treatises prove he
has well earned and admnably illustrates. This
number (January 15, 1863,) contains the extract
from President Lincoln's recent message recom-
mending the recognition of Hayti and Libnua.
Her soil being fertile and well watered, agricul-
ture receives much attention; and coffee, sugar,
palm oil, and cotton pioduets, aie shipped to dis-
tant lands. More than foi ry vessels built,owned,
and manned by Libcriaus, air employed m then*
coast and nver tiadc; while the State owns three
bugs, a baik, and a steamer, engaged in foreign
trade, the gieat bulk of which is being rapidly
seized and appropriated by England, ever vigilant
to secure all aids to her commercial supremacy.
