1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
.were hushed. Moderation was cast aside. Vio- |
lence and fanaticism ruled the hour. War brought j
its ravages; and as the smoke of the contest clem s j
away, the secessionists are forced to admit the |
truth of our predictions, as verified in their own
ruin; but this is a poor return for what they have
inflicted on us. We, too, are involved in the com-
mon fate. Borne down by contumely and oppro-
brium at home, while we pleaded the cause of the
Union and the Constitution, with some confidence
we again present, their claims to the majority here,
who must guard their conduct lest they rush to
the opposite extreme and deprive us of all that is
left.
I feel satisfied that no real friend of the Union,
however incensed against the perpetrators of this
enormous crime, would be willing to enact a law
without which they could not be immediately
reached and punished, provided that law in its
operation would materially injure those friends of
the Government who have remained true in the
midst of the terrible scenes through which they
have passed. By the adoption of any othrrcourse
the ordinary principles applied in the administra-
tion of human justice, and approved by the expe-
dience of ages, would be wholly disregarded, to
the shame and discredit of the nation.
The active and actual conspiratoi s for the over-
throw of the Government were comparatively few
in each of (he seceding States, except perhaps in
the State ofSonth Carolina. Ever since the dis-
graceful overthrow of nullification in that State,
by the prompt and energetic action of the Federal
Government in 1830, the chagrined and disap-
pointed leaders have " nursed their wrath to keep
it warm," and seized upon every pretext to alien-
ate the affections of the southern people by sec-
tional appeals. The dangerous character of these
men, their wicked determination to retrieve their
fortunes and rub out the ignominy of their defeat,
their undying hatred of the Government, and their
cool and persistent wickedness in removing the
cords of attachment that bound together the south-
ern to the northern people, were never properly
appreciated or understood beyond the limits of
that State.
The slavery question at this early day did not
possess the necessary vitality for the founding of
a great sectional party sufiicient to grapple with
and successfully resist the power of the nation.
The crisis of slavery agitation had been reached
and passed in 1820, and the public mind had be-
come harmonized, m a remarkable unanimity of
sentiment, both as regarded the dutie.x of the Fed-
eral Government anil the future interests of the
several States. It was in this year that the states-
men tmd people of Viigmia discussed this subject
in all its bearings—social, political, and moral.
Hove and elsewhere it was treated as a subject of
lawful investigation, to be determined a?; all other
questions, in the light of reason, and accoidingto
the demands of humanity and justice. The peo-
ple of the nation conceded to the several States
the right to settle the question for themselves, and
the people of each Stale admitted the force of the
obligation resting upon them to settle it as rational
men.
About this time, however, some kind English
philanthropists—actuated by aboutthe same high
regard for our true interests that characterized
their kidnapping an ignorant and unoffending peo-
ple upon the shores of Africa and imposing them
as slaves upon the colonies against theii repeated
remonstrances and in open defiance of every prin-
ciple of English law as well as humanity—began
to teach our people how an evil may be strength-
ened and perpetuated by an unwise and illegal
attempt to remove it.
In the fierce denunciations that followed in the
North, as the legitimate result of the political
teachings of Exeter Hall, was presented the long
desired pretext to accomplish successfully the.
piojected schemes of disunion and the erection of
a southern confederacy. The idle declamation of
sonieyisiqnaryaboliUomstjWithout honor or char-
acter in his own land, was duly paraded before a
sensitive people, and urged as the embodiment of
northern sentiment upon the negro question. The
southern man was attempting "to settle the prob-
lem himself,and however peiplcxed in the selec-
tion of the best and safest plan fo r its sol u tion, he
had long since determined against those senseless
theories emanating from the impracticable, abo-
litionist. Good nature, too, is often chafed by the
repeated presentation of a tried and rejected ex-
pedient for the accomplishment of an end. The
patient should be excused in his petulance upon
the too frequent prescription of a worthless nos-
trum to the total neglect of effective remedies, it
is not at all strange that the impulsive southerner
should have lesentcd this impertinence, or that
he should have lost his equanimity when up-
braided as a barbarian because of the existence of
an institution over which he had originally no
control, and upbraided too, by those who thrust
it upon his forefathers against their consent and
their recorded remonstrances.
Thus the work progressed for years—the abo-
litionist furnishing the poison, and the southern
conspiratoi preserving each grain with scrupulous
carc, and administering it to his people to madden
them against the North—sometimes in the paucity
of supply,prescribing potions of his own manufac-
ture, until an honest peoplebecame sick, dement-
ed and desperate. Some wild enthusiast, driven
along by the spirit that actuated the crusaders,
for the redemption of a land that resisted redemp-
tion, and to do an act that it were best to leave
undone, talked learnedly of the sinS of slavery
and the barbarity of his southern brother. And
especially severe did his invective become after
he had sold his slaves in a southern market and
pocketed the wages of his iniquity. The effect of
these philippics on the southern mind is now ap-
parent in the gleaming of four hundred thousand
bayonets, which are chiefly taken to the battle-
fields of the South hymen believing that this war
is to carry out these idle ravings. The leaders
know better; and now that the winds have been
loosed from their caves, it is theirs to keep them
uncaged and see that the stoim is continued until
the pillars of the Constitution are shattered and
our fabric of Government overthrown.
The contest is between the advocates of consti-
tutional liberty on the one hand, and base con-
spirators on the other, who to gratify personal
ambition, would sink the best hopes of man. They
rely upon this stupendous fraud for the accom-
plishment of their purposes; and in order to shut
out light and knowledge from the people for the
last few years, they have seized upon the press
and the hustings of their States and forced a prac-
tical denial of one of the essential rights of an
American freeman. This false step is the source
of many calamities now visiting that people. One
violation of the Constitution begat another. One
wrong was followed by another wrong, until the
Government itself became as corrupt and demor-
alized, under the weak and imbecile administui-
tion of Mi. Buchanan, as the faithless and leprous
ministers that controlled it. While strong-minded
women in the North were offering up daily pray-
ers for the oppressed negro in the South, who per-
haps m a majority of cases was blessed with hap-
piness beyond the enjoyment of his race in other
lands, and northern legislators were disgracing
their statute-books with anti-slavery resolves and
personal liberty enactments in the face of the Con-
stitution,thus instilling into their own people the
poison of nullification; while Wendell Phillips
was spending his nineteen years of unavailing
ctuseN against the Union and the Constitution,
there conspirators weie plotting a scheme no
less gigantic than the betrayal of the Army and
Navy and the surrender of the capital, with the
archnesof the nation, into the hands of a rebel-
lion that had become bold and impudent in the
prevailing corruptions of the day. It despised the
Government because the Government had ceased
to oxccule its laws. The rebellious citizen every-
where looked upon it as a weak and crumbling
conccm, unable or unwilling to command respect
abroad or enfoice obedience at home. Although
its Constitution and laws arc declared to be su-
pieme throughout the iand, and State judges are
bound thereby, anything in the Constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing, yet violent citizens were taught everywhere,
both North and South, that they could be shel-
tered from the consequences oi their crimes against
Federal laws by the shield of State sovereignty,
that fruitful soutce of evils in its distorted signifi-
cation of Ic'le ye.us, equaled only m its tenden-
cies and results by the " higher law" heresy of
modei n politics.
While we were wrangling over the freedom of
several millions of blacks, and session after ses-
sion of Congress repeated to the nation the vast
stores of knowledge it had acquired on the sub-
ject of the negro, the conspirators were arming
from the nation's arsenals the members of a sworn
organization", whose secret purpose was to sub-
vert the Government, thereby destroying the lib-
erties of thirty millions of whites at the present,
and entailing the curse of their wickedness ufion
posterity, perhaps for all time to come.
The prompt patriotism of the nation's yeomanry,
not yet thoroughly debased by the licentiousness
of the times, rushed to the rescue and thwarted
the consummation of their dangerous purposes.
No power could save the loyal men of the extreme
South from submission to orapparentacquiescence
in the dictates of this armed mob. With the bare
exception of South Carolina, where this work has
been hatching for thirty years, and to the effective
aid of which Mr. Phillips came nineteen years
ago, I do confidently believe that a majority, and
in some cases a large majority of the citizens of
each State seceding, were at the respective dates
of secession, true and loyal to the Government
of the United States. Tt maybe asked why they,
did not defend themselves and put down the re-
bellion. I answer, for the reason that a few des-
perate men with arms in their hands, and acting
m perfect concert, can hold in subjection five times
their number of peaceable and well-disposed cit-
izens. My experience is that two thirds of the
active agents and workers in the rebellion had
nothing of character or fortune to lose. Revolu-
tion could not injure, it might benefit them.
We are told that the firing of cannon near the
water will raise the dead to the surface. In the
midst of the terrible jars and commotions of a
violent revolution, the decayed and corrupt poli-
ticians might again be seen. Property is timid,
and property holders were the last to yield a seem-
ingacquiescencem this monstrous wrong. When
they did yield, ltwas often induced by the threat-
ened pillage of their property, or the utter aban-
donment of all hope of protection from the Fed-
eral authoiities. The arms belonging to the
Government,through the treachery of Mr. Floyd,
had been shipped m large quantities to southern
arsenals, and so placed as to fall into the hands
of these conspirators, with whose plansand organ-
izations the rebel Secretary was perfectly familiar.
When this had been accomplished, the Union men
were powerless. A reign of terror was inaugurated
such as darkened the earlier days of the French
revolution. Deliberative assemblies but recorded
the edicts of the mob, and the people were only
appealed to for popular sanction of military de-
ciees.
In Virginia,secession received popular indorse-
ment, after the polite invitation of Mr. Mason to
its opponents, backed by seventy-five thousand
stolen bayonets, that they should be silent or leave
the State. These innocent men deserve our sym-
pathies and our protection, whether they be slave-
holders or not. In my own State, I am satisfied
that a large proportion of the slaveholders are and
ever have been loyal to the Government, and they
will remain so to the end, however they may have
toregiet impruuentlegislation on the part of Con-
gress. The Union is with them a paramount con-
sideration, and if its preservation demands their
property of every character, or even their lives
upon the battle-field, they are ready to make the
sacrifice. To such men, of whom there are many
thousands in each of the seceded States, let no in-
justice be done. Let moderation and kindness
mark our conduct towards them, and so soon as
it becomes manifest that the strong arm of the
Government can save them from the violence of
assassin bands that now hold them in awe, the
little ebullitions of joy discovered recently on the
approach of our troops along the Tennessee river,
will swell into loud huzzas for the old flag that
protects the Union and the Constitution. Let the
coming of our army be to them an hour of deliv-
erance from oppression, remembered as a year of
jubilee. When the able and distinguished Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] some days
since, in alluding to the people of the South, called
them " our brethren of the South, for," said he,
'*1 am willing yet to call them bretlnen"—while
uttering a sentiment creditable to his generous
nature, he also touched a cord that will vibrate
through the hearts of many of these men, and in-
cline them, in spite of themselves, to renounce
their prodigal wanderings.
But however anxious we may be to adopt some
