1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GEOBB.
measure for the punishment of the authors of this
great mischief, we must not forget our own dig-
nity or our position as a civilized nation. We
must not forget that unless this war be to reestab-
lish the Constitution, it is without justification,
and should at once be abandoned.
The distinguished author of the bill has put it
in faultless language when he says:
"While fighting this battle for constitutional liberty, it
becomes us to see to it that the Constitution receives no
detriment at our hands. We will have gamed but little; in
supposing the indirection, if it be at the expense of the
Constitution. The chains that a bondman wears are none
the lighter because they were forged by his own hands, bet
us preserve the Constitution perfect in all its parts with all
its guarantees for the protection of life and liberty unnn-
paned."
Whether the southern people in rebellion-bc re-
garded as insurgents, rebels, belligerents, or public
enemies, according to the technical signification
of those terms, I shall not now undertake to de-
cide. I deem it merely my duty to examine the
rules by which we must be governed as an en-
lightened nation, existing under a wiitten Consti-
tution, in our conduct towards them. If they are
public enemies, they arc entitled to the rules of
public or international law. We cannot put to
death those we hold as prisoners of war; we can-
not enslave them; we cannot sack their defense-
less cities, nor wantonly lay waste their country;
we cannot seize their lands and colonize them
with a new people, depriving the present inhab-
itants of possession, when peace shall have re-
turned; we cannot war upon the women and chil-
dren, nor turn them over to the mercy of the sol-
diery. I do not mean to say that these things may
not be physically done, for possibly the power of
the Government might accomplish them all. The
more barbarous ages present numerous examples
of such acts; but it has now become questionable
whether, if such were our wish, the so-called civ-
ilized nations of Europe, that so recently com-
plained of the barbarity of stone blockades m our
own ports, would not find pretext forinterlerenee
in any, even the least, violation of the national
code. In the light of these principles of interna-
tional law, now so clear and well defined, to the
observance of which should we in an evil moment
of revenge forget our duty or our dignity, other
nations will be likely to recall us, let us examine
for a moment the piovisions of the bill before us.
The first scction designs to forfeit ;\nd confis-
cate to the United States all the property, real and
personal, of every kind whatsoever and whom-
soever situated., within the limits of the United
States, belonging to any person beyond the juris-
diction of the same, or to any person in any State
or district within the United States now ma state
of insurrection or rebellion against the authority
thereof, so that, in either case, the ordinary pio-
cess of law cannot be served upon him who shall,
during the present rebellion, be found in arms
against the United States, or giving aid and com-
fort to said rebellion. The forfeiture is to take
effect from the commission of the act of forfeiture,
and the law itself undertakes to vest the title in the
Government.
The fourth section provides for agents, with
powers limited only by " the military necessities
of the Army, or the safety, interest, and welfare
of the United States," who shall go forward, seiz-
ing upon and collecting together the vast quantity
of property which they, in their judgment, (anil
they are the only judges,) may deem to be forfeit-
ed by this legislative edict. Under the protection
of the Army they may plunder, wUh the appa-
rent sanctions of law, one neighborhood, county,
or State, and remove it to another foi sule. They
may, and in these revolutionary times I fear will,
become the most loathsome tyrants on earth,
reducing women and children to the condition of
paupers, to he supported by the Government,
while they feed the avarice of politic il retainers
or die pliant ministeis of their own vengeance.
It cannot escape observation that the whole
machinery of this bill carefully excludes any ju-
dicial condemnation of the property that may be
seized in the rebel States, or as the bill terms it,
11 in States or districts now in a state of insiuruc-
tion or rebellion." By an examination of the sixth
section, 31 will bo seen that the proceedings in rem
provided for are only to enforce the forfeiture " of
property"situate and being in loyal States or dis-
tricts, in which the ordinary course ofjudicial pro-
ceedings is not obstructed by the rebellion." Then
Ifind the proposition to bo simply this: a legisla-
tive edict is fulminated against a class of persons,
stripping them of all their property, which edict
would be a " bill ofattainder,'5 and therefore uncon-
stitutional, except for the existence of hostilities
which is supposed to invest the nation with the
extraordinary powers of the public law, to which
we in common with other civilized nations are
subject, and the broader privileges of which we
may claim in the present emergency*
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senatorfrom
Missouri means to be accurate as to the property
being confiscated by the bill. I do not understand
that the bill of itself will divest the property at all.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is my understand-
ing of the hill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not my understand-
ing originally, and in order that there might be no
misapprehension about it I moved an amendment
yesterday to make it clear, in these words, I think:
and such forfeiture " as to all property which shall
be seized and appropriated as hereinafter pro-
vided '' shall take immediate effect and prevent any
transfer of the property after the act of forfeiture.
The object of the latter part of that section is to
prevent a person from transferring his property,
after committing the act of forfeiture, in a case
where the property is subsequently seized either
by the commissioners or by the court. In other
words, the object is that when the property is seized
and taken possession of by the Government, it
shall relate back to the time of the act of forfeiture,
and* prevent any intermediate conveyance.
Mr. HENDERSON. Permit me to ask the
Senator if his amendment was designed to give a
judicialinvostigation either by proceedings against
the property itself, or against the person when the
property is seized in the revolutionary districts?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not be a judicial
proceeding; but it is intended that the commis-
sioners, who are to he appointed by the President,
in districts whore there are no courts shall seize
property, and if they do seize the property, they
are to determine upon the seizuie, and it thm lias
relation back to the lime of the act of foi frituro.
Mr. 11 END ER SON. I understand the Senator
perfectly, and I shall argue upon this idea: I un-
derstand commissioners are to be appointed by the
Piesident, and those commissioners aic to de-
termine whether the property has been forfeited
under the bill, because there are no other persons
provided who can do it.
1 was remaikmg, Mr. President, that the prop-
osition before us is a legislative edict fulminated
against a class of individuals, and that that edict
itself would be a bill of attainder but for the sup-
posed power which the national law confers upon
the nation during the time of war. Then it be-
comes necessary to inquire what are those rights
conferred upon us by the law of nations. Mr.
Wheaton, in his Elements of International Law,
at pages 429 and 430, says that:
The piomc-s of civilization has slowly bat constantly
tended to soften th<- exttune seventy of the upmahous ol'
war by land, but it still icriiauis unielaxed in lespect to
maritime wai fare, in which the pnvate piopcityof the en-
emy taken at sea or afloat in port is indiscriminately liable
to captuie and confiscation. This inequality in the opera-
tion ot the laws ol war, by land and by sea, lias been jus-
tified by alleging the linage of consideiingprivatepiopertv,
when captured in cities taken by stonn, as booty; and the
well-known fact that contubtiiions aic levied upon territo-
ries occupied by a hostile aimy, in lieu of a general confis-
cation of the piopeity belonging to thenihabilants, and that
the object of war* by bind being conquest or the acquisi-
tion of territoi v, to be exchanged as an equivalent foi other
teiritoiy jo-f, the regard of the victoi for tho-e who aio to
be oi iuu'e been ills *ui)jecN, mutually io-u«uns him iiom
thooxcioiMj of hi- evti eine t ights m this p ulieular ; wholes
the objeet of maiiume wai- i- the diMiuction ol the en-
emy'.- oommoK-e and navigation and sinews of his naval
povvor. v jjicii object can only be ati.nned b\ the captuie and
confiscation of private piopertv."'
I may remark at this point, that our own Gov-
ernment is committed to a still more lenient policy
in reference to captures upon sea—to a policy
ciediiable to the civilization of the age and look-
ing to a mitigation of evils which are sufficiently
grievous, even under the accumulated restraints
of enlightened morality. Although not prepared
for an unconditional surrender of the right of pi i- ,
vdteeiinLr, when the peculiar interests of France j
and England suggested it, in their late war with j
Russia, I yet understand our then minister to i
England, Mr. Buchanan, to have expressed an \
entire willingness to sec it suppressed*provided
"the naval Powers of the world would go one step
further, and consent that war against private prop-
erty should be abolished altogether upon the
ocean, as it had already been upon the land."
The President, in his annual message to Con-
gress in 1854, alluding to this subject, says:
" The proposal to surrenderthe right to employ privateers
is professedly founded upon the principle that private prop-
erty ofunofFendingnoh-combatants,though enemies, should
be exempt from the ravages of war; bnuhe proposed-sur-
render goes but little way in carrying out that principle,
which equally requires that such private property should
not be seized or molested by national ships of war. Should
the leading Toweis of Europe concur in proposing as a rule
of international law to exempt private property upon the
ocean from seizure by public armed cruisers, as well as by
privateers, the United States will readily meet them upon
that brood ground."
In reference to this subject Mr. Wheaton says:
" Private property on land is also exempt from confisca-
tion, with the exception of such as may become booty in
special cases, when taken from enemies m the field or in
besieged towns, and of militcuy contributions levied upon
the inhabitants of the hostile teiritory. This exemption
extends even to the case of an absolute and unqualified
conquest ot the enemy's country. In ancient times both
the movable and immovable property of the vanquished
passed to the conqueror, Such was the Roman law of war,
often asserted with unrelenting severity; and such was the
fate of the Roman piovinces, subdued by northern barba-
rians, on the decline and fall of the western empire. The "
last example in Euiope of such a conquest was that of Eng-
land by William of Normandy. Since that period,among
the civilized nations of Christendom, conquest, even when
confirmed by a treaty of peace, has been followed by no
geneial or partial transmutation of landed property. The
property belonging to the Government of the vanquished
nation passes to the victorious State, which also takes the
place of the former sovereign, in respect to the eminent
domain. Tn other respects, private rights arc unaffected by
conquest."
Vattel expresses the same idea, as follows:
" If the inhabitants submit to him who is master of the
country, pay the contributions imposed, ami refrain from
all hostilities they live sale as if they were friends; they
even continue in possesion of what belongs to them. The
country people come freely to the camps to sell their pro-
visions, and care is taken tbat^tbey shall feci the calamities
of war as little as possible. A laudable custom, and truly
woithy those nations who piefend to humanity, and advan-
tageous to the enem v lmn.->c!f, who finds bis account in this
moderation. By protecting the peaceable inhabitants, keep-
ing the soUhei> in siiiet discipline, and pieserving a coun-
tiy, the geneial pioemes an easy subsistence, and saves in
many lossc- and dan^eis."
Chancellor Kent, in discussing the rights of
belligerent nations, says:
a Thoie is no limitation to the career of violence and
destruction if we follow the eai her writers on this subject,
who have paid too much defoience to the violent maxims
and practice* of the ancient-* and the usages of the Gothic
ages. They have considered a state of war as a dissolution
ot all moral ties- and a license for cveiy kind of disorder
and iiitempeiate fieieeneas. An eueaiv was regarded as a
cuminal and an outlaw, who had forfeited all his rights,
and whose life, libei ty, and property lay at the mercy of
the conqueror. lie might be destroyed, though unarmed
and defenseless. Fraud might be employed as well as force,
and foice without any regard to the means. But these bar
batons rights of wai have been questioned and checked in
the piosios of civilization. Public opinion, as uboeoines
enlightened and refined, condemns all cruelty and all
wanton destruction of life and property, as equally useless
and injurious, and it connois the viofcnce of war by the
energy and seventy of its reproaches."
Referring to the marked difference in the rights
of war can led on by land and at sea, he says the
public law admits the destruction of private prop-
erty upon sea, and justifies it upon the ground
that it weakens and destroys the naval power of
the enemy; but that " great limitations are im-
posed upon the operations of war by land, though
depredations upon private property and despoil-
ing and plundering the enemy's territory is still
too prevalent a practice, especially when the war
is assisted by irregulars." M Such conduct has
been condemned," says the writer, " in dll ages
by the wise and vn tuuus, and it is usually se-
verely punished by those commanders of disci-
plined troops who have studied war as a science,
and are animated by a sense of duty or a love of
fame."
Upon this branch of the subject I will refer to
but one other authority, the work of Mr. Man-
ning. lie says:
" Formerly the lands of the individual subjects of a con-
quered State wcie confiscated by the victojs. Many such
instance-! will immediately present themselves to the mem-
oiy of the classical student or to the reader ol modern his-
tory, m the examples of the conquest ot the Gauls by the
Franks, or of England by the Normans?. But at the piesent
day landed pioperty and immovable piopcity 111 generalis
not liable to confiscation f.om the effects of wai. A eon-
queiiiur State mteis upon the right-- of the sovereign of a
vanquished State ; national domain and national revenues
pass to the victoi, but the immovable property of private
individuals is by the positive law of nation* not liable to be
sci/,ui by the rights of wai.'1 * * * * c'It
was a change introduced as civilization advanced; it has
been for many centuries the constant usage of European
