1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
United States Notes—Mr. Howe..
Senate.
 less appropriateness, of all taxes on specific arti-
cles of property. Especially of the income tax
it may be said with tenfold emphasis, from the
fact that it makes the Government an inquisitor
into the private affairs of each individual, upon
whose declaration it is obliged after all to rely,
and practices the impolicy of setting the duty and
interest of contributors in opposition, and makes
them profit by concealing or perverting the truth.
We ought to rely on excise and stamp duties and
taxes of that nature. They are the most produc-
tive, fall most equally on all, and are most easily
and willingly paid.
We have unfortunately no statistics in this coun-
try by which we can determine what will be pro-
duced by any given system of excise and stamp
duties. But we know enough to be sure that even
at moderate rates such duties will raise a very
large amount. In the United Kingdom of Great
Britain, with a population not greatly exceeding
our own, there were raised in 1860 from excise
duties alone ^18,188,605, or over $90,000,000,
and from stamps upwards of ^£8,000,000, or over
$40,000,000. In Great Britain there is no tax on
domestic tonnage or passengers transported on
railroads and canals, and by steam and other ships
and vessels in their domestic waters. This is a
rich mine of wealth, and if properly worked will
yield immense revenue, and that without proving
a burden to those who pay it. In Great Biitain
they do nottax banknotes,telegraphic dispatches,
or gas companies, all of winch may be made
largely to contribute to the revenue without incon-
venience to the people. With these sources of
revenue, in addition to those taxed in Great Brit-
ain, may we not expect to derive a sum notmuch
short of what she receives ? Our population is not
greatly less than hers; our people are as active
and industrious as hers; consumption per man is
as great here as there; and no just reason can be
assigned why our revenue from these sourccs will
not bear the same proportion to hers as our pop-
ulation bears to hers. It certainly cannot fall
much below it. At all events, it is safe to assume
that from these sources we can raise the amount
now required to make the annual revenue equal
to the present and prospective demands of the
Treasury.
Mr. Chairman, we ought at once to devise a
proper system of taxation; we ought at once, with
a firm and steady hand, to tax the sources of na-
tional wealth, and to allow their currents to flow
to the support of national life. Never was there
a period in our history when it was more neces-
sary. Our very existence isimperiled. Insolvency
stares us in the face; insolvency is dissolution;
and dissolution is death. Let us rise to the level
of the occasion, abandoning all the low arts of the
mere broker, the shifts of the failing debtor, the
false pretenses of the needy borrower; let us rise
to the dignity of true statesmanship, and make
known to our constituents, with manly boldness
and honest freedom, the dangers and necessities
of the country, and demand of them, what they
alone can give, the means of national salvation.
Let us do our duty, and leave the responsibility
to them. But, sir, no fear of th'em. They know
the value of their institutions. They can appreciate
the danger and the necessity. They know the value
of representative government, and they are willing
to pay the price of its preservation. They are
willing to be taxed. They know it is necessary;
and however much they may lament that neces-
sity, however indignant they may be at the blun-
ders and crimes of those who have created it, they
are ready and willing to meet its responsibilities,
and pour out their wealth to preserve the national
existence and honor. They are not willingto have
their means squandered by corrupt officials, by
faithless contractors, by wild, reckless, profitless
extravagance; they are not willing to contribute to
wars prosecutedforunconsiitutional objccts; they
are not willing to contribute under any pretended
scheme of finance which poisons all the channels
of trade, overturns the measure of value, and de-
stroys what it does not take; but they are willing
to lay upon the altar of their country whatever is
fairly and in good faith required to preserve the
Government and restore to the Constitution its
just and proper authority. But if, sir, unfortu-
nately they should not be willing to make the sac-
rifice, then are the days of the Republic num-
bered. A people who will not pay the just ex-
pense of the preservation of their liberties, cannot
appreciate the priceless value of representative
government, and will not long be permitted to
enjoy it.
UNITED STATES NOTES.
SPEECH OF HON. T. 0. HOWE,
OP WISCONSIN,
In Senate, February 12, 1862.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having; under
consideration the bill (II. K. No. 240) to authorize the issue
of United States notes, and for the redemption and funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the United
States-
Mr. HOWE said:
Mr. President: Isolated from the sympathies
of the world, with a hostile army frowning at us
along; our southern borders, with a hostile people
snarling at us from across our northern boundary,
let the great Republic, fearless and undismayed,
calmly take counsel of herself.
Justly proud of the number and the strength of
her children, the Niobe of the West will surren-
der no one of them to the fatal embrace of rebel-
lion but at the bidding of a destiny which she
cannot resist. With an income of less than one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars per day, the
Government is spending more than one million
and a half. Either, therefore, the Treasury must
be replenished, or the war must be abandoned.
The war cannot be abandoned.
Sir, since society was, since the earliest attempts
to mass men into States, to subject human will to
human authority, one purpose has guided, one
hope has inspired the progress of the world. That
purpose and that hope have been to plant every
man within the pale of human enactments, where
he stands in the light of the divine law, upon
terms of perfect equality. The innate conviction
of every rational human being is, that he is the
peer of any other human being. There are times
when he will assert his equality against whoever
denies it. The sentiment is peculiar to no race;
it belongs to no condition of intellectual culture.
Sydney is no more a type of the Saxon than he
is of the Sioux tribe. The feeling has animated
all true reform, and has inspired all worthy rev-
olution. Dynasties have smothered that tccling
for a time; classes have combined against it. But
neither have ever crushed it out, and neither ever
will until that distant day when God lets go the
cords by which he draws a ransomed world to
himself, and lets the abandoned universe plunge
backward into chaos. Every defeat of a people
lights the fires of a new revolution, sure to break
out sooner or later in a general conflagration.
" All men are born free and equal." They
must be recognized as such. Thcyniustbe treated
as such. That gospel has been proclaimed to the
world. It must be accepted. No matter what
despotisms may deny it, no matter what tyran-
nies may proscribe it, that truth will have recog-
nition. The oftener it is denied the fiercer will
be the reasscrtion. Sir, the war in which we are
involved is a war by the people, and in defense
of their just and most equitable rights. Five
millions have challenged twenty-two millions to
combat. Five millions have resolved to wrest
authority from twenty-two millions by force of
arms, by the stern arbitrament of war.
Those who have challenged us to this conflict,
and those who sympathize with them, are pleased
to style the Government of the United States
"Lincoln's Government." It is not Lincoln's
Government, it is the Government of the people
of the United States—a Government in which
every man of those embattled thousands who are
flinging their lives away m the frantic endeavoi
to batter it down has a fuller representation than
any one of those who are trying to uphold it. It
is a Government which asserts, and for almost a
century has maintained for every one of those
ingrates who now assail it, the largest share of
civil liberty ever accorded to any people. It is a
Government which has showered upon all its sub-
jects riches and prosperity in such full measure
as no other people ever enjoyed. It is a Govern-
ment which never laid a feather's weight upon
the neck of any citizen, which the people could
not remove by the mere expression of their will.
It is a Government, all the forms of which are as
essential to those who oppose President Lincoln
desire to unseat him, as to those who
sup-
port him and who may sock to continue him
authority. •
There are those who are pleased ,to represent
this war as a protest against the abolition of sla-
very. There are those who pretend the war was
a necessity to the rebels to prevent the abolition
of their slaves. There is but one term in our lan-
guage which fitly characterizes that pretense. It
is, according to the authority of all English lexi-
cographers, a 'lie. Slavery has existedlonger than
the Government has. The Government never has
assaulted it once. It never has threatened it once,
until now it is threatened with the punishment due
to treason. The men who urge this pretense know
that if every rebel south of the Potomac would lay
down his arms to-morrow, every slave in those
States would be as safe from the American Gov-
ernment as from the Government of Great Britain.
There are those who pretend that the war is a
protest against the anti-slavery feeling of the north-
ern States of the Union. There is more truth in
that hypothesis. The anti-slavery feeling of a
large portion of the American people is very strong.
It is not growing weaker. But who says the feel-
ing is unconstitutional ? What clause of the Con-
stitution informs us what we may and what we
may not think ? Who dares stand here in the
Senate or stand anywhere within sight of the Om-
nipresent and assert that, under the Constitution
of the United States, one may not as rightfully
think ill as think well of human slavery?
Has it come to this, that in the first century of
the life of this free Republic, great armies are
mustered to crush out a feeling; that cannon are
employed to demolish an opinion ?
If armies may properly be marched against anti-
slavery opinion, will some prophet tell me how
long any opinion will be safe from their assaults ?
If squadrons of cavalry are to be employed to
trample down the right of opinion, will some
sabered sage tell me what right the cavalry will
respect ?
If the Constitution does not guaranty to us the
light of opinion, will some lawyer tell me what
right it does insure us? If we will not fight,
and, if necessary, die for the right to think, will
some man tell me for what right he will dare to
die ?
There are those who say the war might have
been avoided by timely concessions, and might
now be settled by a happy compromise. Un-
doubtedly. No people go to war for fun. No
people resort to waragainst those who are willing
to do, and make haste to do, all they are told to do.
I know that rebels have denied it; yet, in spite of
their denial, I do not question but they would
cease their assaults upon us if we would register
such laws as they may please to dictate, and obey
such constitutions as they may please to prescribe.
Undoubtedly they would grant us peace if we
would yield them dominion.
But the Constitution confers dominion upon the
American people, and allegiance to the Constitu-
tion imposes upon us war until that dominion be
acknowledged.
Many of those who dwell upon the marvelous
efficacy of compromise and concession are true
patriots, who mean to be loyal to the Constitution
and faithful in their devotion to the Union. They
do love the Constitution and the Union with that
sort of uncalculating love which blinds them to
the reason why they love them; and in the blind-
ness of their devotion they would sacrifice the
very excellencies which alone make it dear to
them. They are like children who, lavished with
the beauty of a rose tliey have gathered, cannot
forbear to pick it to pieces and to devour its leaves.
They are like men bending over the cataract at
Niagara, and who, fascinated by the grandeur of
its resistless anthem, long to lay down upon its
resistless floods and seek silence beneath their un-
ending roar.
We forget why we love the Constitution and the
Union. We love the Constitution because it rec-
ognizes every citizen as a unit, with equal right
to have his voice heard and his will respected;
because it gives authority to the greater number
of wills, for.a reason as cogent as that which, in
