52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31-ni Costs....2d Sess.
. United States Notes—Mr. Howe.
[February 12,
Senate.
mathematics, assigns the greater value to the
greater number of units.
We love the Union because it enforces the wills
of the greater number, by the combined force of
the whole. If those who make war upon the Con-
stitution desire any new enactment, any new pol-
icy, and if they are a majority of the American
people, they may have their enactment through
the instrumentality of the ballot-box. Indeed,
by reason of the equal representation given to all
States, whether large or small, in the Senate, and
the representation given to slaves in the other
House, it is well known that portion of the Amer-
ican people can control the legislation of the na-
tion with less than a majority of the citizens of the
United States, But, if the policy they demand is
disapproved by a majority of citizens, there is no
reason why that majority should sunender their
judgment* ton minority. There is no reason why
ton men should yield their opinions to nine more
than there is that ten dollars should be exchanged
for nine. The very fact of an appeal to force is
conclusive that the appellants are a minority in
numbers. Under our Constitution majorities have
no need of arms to carry a measure of domestic
policy. Majorities triumph with ballots, not with
bayonets. And this leads me to say to all those
who would avoid violence, by the abandonment
of cherished conviction, that the very momenta
majority enacts, amends, or repeals a law, statu-
tory or constitutional, at the bidding of an army
or under the menace of violence, that moment the
Constitution is annulled. The letter may indeed
remain, but the life is gone. The form may be
seen, but the beauty has perished. Itisnolongcr
the supreme law. Reason is dethroned. Foreo
ia oulmned in us stead. The majority is hurled
from the post of command, and a truculent mi-
nority uKurpu its lawful authority. Cowardice
and not conviction guides the people, and the
costly purchase of the American Revolution is
ignobly bartered for an uncertain peace.
Sir, I repent once more that five millions of cit-
izens have challenged twenty-two millions to com-
bat. You have the advantage of numbers, the
advantage of wealth, commercial intercourse with
other nations, and the prestige of legitimacy. You
have set an army in the field. The Commander-
in-Chief i-s the ohoNen of the people, the legis-
lature is of then- appointment. Every officer in
their service was either selected hy themselves or
by agents of* (heirs empowered to select them.
Modes are piv^enlx-d and times appointed to re-
move every oiTivci- who piovos incompetent, or
unfaithful to his tmsi. «
Jf with 'he,nt odd.-, oi then* favor the people can-
not triumph, h-t th - reason stand confessed—it is
because they an- not jit to govern. Let no man mis-
take ifjd nature of the contest. It is not between
President Li neoln and Mr. Davis. It is not be-
tween General McClellan and General Beauregard.
It is between the majority and the minority, it is
between the people and their enemies. It is be-
tween the multitude of equals and the privileged
class It Ui between the Constitution of the United
States and its assailants. The world understands
the issue. Tho capacity of the people for self-
government is upon trial. Kvery steamer from
England is Weighted, half with prophecies of a
popular defeat, and half with taunts of popular
incapacity.
An American officer-educated at the expense of
the people, long trusted and employed by them,
and liberally paid by them, on the first njmoar-
ance of pei il surrendered the department of Texas
to theonemy. Two continents stood amazed at the
shameless infamy of the betrayal. Sir, it behooves
us to see that the fate of Texas is not the fate of
the nation—that the treachery of Twiggs was not
typical of the Government he served.
We cannot abandon the war. To abandon the
war is to surrender the jurisdiction of the United
States over those magnificent territories now em-
braced within ifie limits of the rebellious States.
It is to withdraw the protection of the Government
from the loyal millions within the insurrectionary
districts, who, during those terrible months from
the 7th of December, JS59, to the 17th of April
following, were overwhelmed by the floods of an-
archic violence, and who, as one community after
another was submerged, wen tout of sight, bravely
struggling to uphold the national flag and boldly
protesting against that great outrage upon the na-
tional authority. It is to tell those loyal thousands
who, rather than forfeit their allegiance to the
national compact have sundered the ties of neigh-
borhood and now wander through your cities ex-
iles from their homes and hearths, that their con-
fidence in you is misplaced; that their valor is in
vain; that the only way to safety is through seces-
sion. It is to tell Johnson, Carhle, and Willey of
this House, and Etheridge and Maynard of the
other, that henceforth they are aliens to the States
they represent here. It is to tell the compatriots
of Brownlow, who arc now expiating the offense
of fidelity to the Constitution in southern prisons,
that for them there is no deliverance but through
submission to traitors and the baptism of rebel-
lion.
The abandonment of the war involves more
than these disgraces. It involves the surrender
of your own independence—the evacuation of the
last stronghold of civil liberty. Let no man be
mistaken upon this point. There are those who
fancy that peace might be secured by acknowl-
edging the in'depcndence of the southern confed-
eracy. There is nothing more improbable than
that. The recognition of southern independence
is only the first step towards the abdication of
your own. There are those who think the in-
tegrity of the Union is the sole object of the con-
test, and that the stake is not worth the cost of
the struggle. The value of the Union is inesti-
mable. its integrity is not only of the first im-
portance, but it is the primal necessity for all its
parts. The power of the whole is necessary to
the independence of any part. When we were
thirteen States, " free and independent" of each
other, as the Declaration ofthe 4th of July, 1776,
left us, the great law of self-preservation, the first
law of nations as of nature, drove us together—
loosely, at first, under the articles of confedera-
tion, but firmly, at last, under the Constitution of
the United Suites.
Divide the Union to-morrow into two nations,
secure the independence of each from the other by
the most solemn of treaties, and both would be
driven to unite again in twelve months to escape
from foreign domination. This assertion is not
the result of reasoning, it is the result of obser-
vation. Practically, we have been two nations
since May last. Each in its own theory has been
independent of the authority of the other; but I
state the fact to-day, to which I wish every
Ameiieun citizen may give heed, that since May
ia-st Europe has given law to both sections of the
Union.
The fact is open and manifest that the cham-
pions of tiie confederacy do not hope for a sepa-
rate national existence but through the help of
foreign alliances; while on the other hand it is too
notorious that on a recent memorable occasion
our own Government, at the instance of a foreign
Power, deliberately undid the one deed which,
more than any other since the war commenced,
gave to the loyal people of the Union the mostlivoly
satisfaction, and was greeted by them with the
most universal and the mostenthusiasticapproval.
Let it not be said the American Government acted
in defiance of the opinion of the American people.
That is not the fact On the contrary, it is not
truer that the American people approved the arrest
of tho rebel emissar/es than it is that they ap-
proved of their release. We feted the gallant
Wilkes, because we approved his achievement.
We surrendered the fruits of that achievement,
because England demanded it, and we did not feel
strong enough to deny her. I do not mean to deny
those principles of public law which were asserted
by our Government as authority for the release
of Mason and Slidell. I mean to say that England
always hasdemed,and still does deny them. I do
not mean to say they would not have been sur-
rendered if we had felt strong. I mean to say if
wc had felt strong, England would not have de-
manded their surrender; or if she had demanded
H she would have surrendered her opposition to
the law which alone authorized the demand. It
was a palpable instance in which British opinion
bore rule n) the United States of America. It
was the first instance in half a century If we
are true to ourselves, it will be the iast instance in
a hundred centuries to come.
It may be said this feeling of insecurity and of
material dependence arose not from loss of south- 
em men or southern means. It may be said that
the people of the States still loyal are more nu-
merous and more wealthy than the people of the
original thirteen States; better able to maintain a
separate nationality than those who fh-stachicved
that nationality; that there is room enough for an
empire between the Atlanticand the Pacific oceans,
and north of the Potomac; and that the people
who dwell there need nothesitate alone to encoun-
ter the hostility of any single foreign Power; that
it is not the absence of the South as a friend, but
her presence as a foe that weakens us. This is
all true. But it is also true that as a separate and
independent State, the South must always be pres-
ent as a foe in every contest that threatens our
existence or our power.
If there is one admonition which more thaft all
others cries out to us at this time it is, that these
two diverse forms of civilization can never rest
side by side upon the same continent under dif-
ferent systems of law and different governments,
in peace and concord. The only friendship pos-
sible for them is that built upon the sacred mem-
ory of a common origin, a common baptism, com-
mon national struggles, the hope of a common
national destiny, the existence of a common con-
stitution, guarantying equal rights to both, and
a common government, in which eacia is equally
represented. If these solemn guarantees cannot
hold us together in amity, no mere agreement can.
If the high behests of the Constitution, sanctified
as they are by the oaths of every one of us, often
repeated, cannot enforce the peace between us, no
mere international treaty ever will suffice to do it.
This truth resounds through all history—it is
shouted back to us from all prophecy It is, I
verily believe, the fundamental truth upon the
clear perception of which the wisdom of our coun-
sels of to-day mainly depends. It is a truth of
which the South has never for a moment lost sight.
She knows that your independence is utterly in-
compatible with hcrown;"thatthe onward sweep
of your civilization and yourideas must be more
fatal to her own social formsoutof the Union than
in it. She contemplates nothing else than perma-
nent disunion . It is not union she abjures, but the
existing Union. She is no less resolved upon a
union with the States of the North than England is
upon a union with Ireland; but it is a union of the
same kind she invokes. It is not a union under the
broad and liberal Constitution which Virginia gave
us, but under such a constitution as South Caro-
lina may be pleased to give us.
She marched her armies as promptly to the con-
quest of Missouri and Kentucky as to the attack
upon Sumter or Fort Pickens. They threatened
your arsenal at St. Louis as unhesitatingly as
your armory at Harper's Ferry; and although
they might agree to withdraw their armies from
the Potomac to-morrow if you would grant them
independence, yet, the first use they would make
of independence would be to muster another army
upon the Susquehanna. To abandon the war is
then simply impossible. To replenish the Treas-
ury is not only possible, but practicable. It may be
done either by resort to taxes or to loans, or to
both.
It is not just to charge the whole cost of this
struggle upon the people of to-day,and therefore
it is not expedient to supply the Treasury by tax-
ation alone. It is not just to charge the whole cost
of it upon posterity, and therefore it is not expe-
dient to supply tho Treasury by borrowing alone.
The ordinal y expenses of the Government and
the current interest upon the public debt are fairly
chargeable upon the present income of the nation.
The extraordinary expenses consequent upon the
war, waged, as we have seen, not for this gene-
ration alone, but for all succeeding generations,
ought to be charged upon the future income of the
nation.
In accordance with this principle, the two
Houses of Congress have already published a
resolution to provide a revenue by taxes and im-
posts of not less than $150,000,000 for the ensuing
fiscal year. The balance of the appropriations
called for by the Government must be provided
for by loans, and even the revenue itself will
probably have to be anticipated by some tempo-
rary credit.
Mr. President, hitherto the effort of the Govern-
