3862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1573
declared the confiscation of enemy's property. They have
nutboiiz<-<i the President to giant letters of marque and
general lepri-'il. which lie may revoke and annul at his
pleasure ; an-] even as to captuies actually made under such
eointm^ionr., no absolute title bv confiscation vests m the
captors until a sentence of condemnation."
And again, he says:
" Until the title should be divested by some overt act of
the Government and t-onie judicial sentence, the property
would unquestionably remain in the British owners, and
if a peace should intervene, it would be completely beyond
the reach of subsequent condemnation."
It may certainly be urged with great force, as
the result of authorities on the subject, that the
whole power of making captures is derived from
the public law, and is conferred upon our Govern-
ment as upon other Governments under lilce cir-
cumstances, and may be exercised by it, as*by
all other civilized nations, in time of war. If this
be the correct view of the subject, then Congress
has no power to declare what is or what is not
subject to capture. This is to be determined by
the public law, and the Congress of the United
States would not be authorized to enlarge or
diminish that law without the consent of other
nations.
Wh<;n by the act of Congress, or under its
authoiity a state of war exists, the President as
" Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States, and of the militia of the several
States when called into the actual service of the
United States," is authorized to conduct the war
without control by Congress. In other words,
this theory assumes that Congress, having sanc-
tioned the existence of war, has discharged its full
powers, so fai*as concerns its future conduct; that
this is left to the executive department of the Gov-
ernment; that the President, in bis own discietion,
may carry it on in such manner as may promise
the most speedy and certain success, provided
that he do not violate those well-settled pi mciples
of human reason and morality by which all civil-
ized nations are now governed in the management
of hostilities; that, as an incident to the war, he
.may cause captures to be made on sea, and sub-
ject to certain well-known restrictions, he may
cause seizui us to be made on land; but when these
seizures shall be made, the jealous regard for in-
dividual rights now entertained by enlightened
nations comes to the relief of the owner, and guar-
anties to him the forms at least, of an impartial
trial—a judicial investigation—before he can be
finally deprived of his property. And although
this trial may be had in the country of the captor,
yet it is worthy of note that the Power conducting
the war and making the seizure is never permitted
to control or superintend the investigation. The
captured property is turned over to what is sup-
posed to be an honest and impartial judiciary—
not biased by prejudices arising fiom conflicts on
the field of battle, and not driven to madness or
inspired with the spirit of revenge by actual par-
ticipation in the strife.
In this view of the subject Congress may " make
rules concerning captures," that is, provide pro-
ceedings by which they may be condemned when
taken, and direct the manner in which they may
besold, how the proceeds may be divided between
the Government and the captor, and to what pur-
poses the proceeds belonging to the Government
may be appropriated, but cannot determine what
is or what is not the subject of capture—this being
determined by the law of nations, and therefore
left in the discretion of him who is charged with
the duty of seeing that it be conducted upon
proper national principles.
But the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
who proposes this measure, says that it was his
" object in framing the bill under consideration to
distinguish between the propeityon winch the
military may operate and that subject to judicial
control, and clearly to define the jurisdiction of 1
each, confining the seizure and forfeiture of prop- j
erty situated in districts of the United States under
insuirectionary control to the military power, and
its condemnation and forfeiture in other portions
of the United States to the judicial power."
The law of nations proclaims that property of
this character " should not be converted without
the sentence of a competent court," and our own
Supreme Couit has declared that the condemna-
tion of captured property cannot be made under
the authority of 15 military power;" that if taken
where hostilities exist, it shall be brought to the
captor'scountry, and proceedings instituted for its
condemnation in a competentcourtof justice; and
that court, it seems, has admitted the proposition
that " the law of nations secures to tne captured
a trial in a court of competent jurisdiction before
he can be finally deprived of liis property."
How then, in the face of this authoritative ex-
position of international law, by our owrrSupreme
Court, and this positive denial that either under
the custom of civilized nations,or accordingto the
principles of our Constitution, the title of prop-
erty can be changed without judicial investigation,
does the Senator satisfy himself to confer upon the
military authority a power coextensive with that
of the courts?
We are told by the public law, and by our own
Constitution, that though the military may seize
property, the title remains unaflfectcd until it shall
be changed by a decree in the courts of the coun-
try; that if peace shall intervene before such
change, the property reverts to the original owner.
And yet the strange proposition is advanced that
the military power having seized the property,
thereby has obtained jurisdiction of the case, and
may proceed to condemnation. If so, the mili-
tary may seize persons, whether loyal ordisloyal,
in the insurrectionary districts, and proceed to
their trial, conviction and execution for treason.
If these things were permitted, even for apparent
temporary good, the evil would be no less than
the subversion of the theory of our Constitution,
which is supposed to securehberty by the erection
ofcoordmate branches ofGovernment,each acting
as a check upon the other.
But the Senator refers to certain adjudicated
cases to sustain this position taken by him, as
well as to sustain the general principles of the bill,
to which cases I may allude for one moment. The
case of Biown us. The United States (8 Cranch,
110) is relied on as an authority in favor of the bill.
In this case, a cargo of lumber belonging to Eng-
lish subjects, but found on board an American
vessel m the port of New Bedford, Massachusetts,
at the declaration of war by the United States
against Gieat Biitam in 1812, was libeled in the
district court for Massachusetts, by the district
attorney m behalf of the United States and the
owners of the vessel, which had been previously
chartered to take the cargo from Savannah to Eng-
land. A short time after the dcclaiation of war
and the commencement of hostilities, and previous
to the filing of the libel, the cargo was removed,
a part of it placed on land and a part of it floated
up a creek, on tide water, and there secured. The
questions presented for the decision of the court
were:
1. Whether the enemy's property, thus found
on land at the commencement of hostilities, can
be seized and condemned as a necessary consc-
quence of the declaration of war; and
2. Whether there existed any legislative act at
that time authorizing such seizure and condemna-
tion ?
It is true that in the discussion of the first ques-
tion presented, the chief justice (Marshall) says:
" It may be considered as the opinion of all who have
written on the jus belli, that war gives the rxgki to confis-
cate, but does not itself confiscate."
The right to confiscate what? Surely not the
property of the enemy found in his own territory,
but that which was found and seized upon our ter-
ritory—the owner beingabsent. I say the owner
being absent, for the public law recognizes a dis-
tinction in regard to this subject, by which the
property of the alien enemy who is not personally
within our territory at the commencement of hos-
tilities, is propeily subject to confiscation by reg-
ular proceedings, but in the language of Vattel,
" the sovereign can neither detain the persons nor
the piopeity of those subjects of the enemy who
aie within his dominions at the time of the dec-
laration."
If the Senator is disposed to regard the rebels
in the light of alien enemies, personally outside
of the jurisdiction of the United States, and own-
ing: property at the commencement of hostilities
situated in our territory and outside of theirs, the
case will then be in point, but only so far us to
reach property found outside of the seceded States
and within those that rebellion may acknowledge
to belong to the Union, and only then to the ex-
tent that he has provided for judicial proceedings
tor its condemnation. To make this admission is
to concede that the Union is dissolved; to refuse
the admission destroys the authority of the case.
The court decided that astate of war did not ipso'
faeto forfeit the property,,and there being noiegig*
lative actTunder which it could be judicially con*
demned, dismissed the libel and restored the prop-
erty to the owner.
1 am willing to admit that according to the|>rm*.
ciplesof public law, when we find situated amtfng1
us at the commencement of hostilities the prop-' ,
erty of enemies who are beyond the jurisdiction'
of the United States and in arms .against its'-
authority, that property may be condemned.
Whether the armed rebel can be properfy-s&id to
be beyond our jurisdiction, or be denominated a
public enemy,subject to the disabilities prescribed
by international law, is not in my mind necessary
to be determined. It is sufficient for us that he
assumes that attitude towards the nation. It may
be urged that ho is thereby forever estopped from
complaintagainst public or municipal justice when
moderated by humanity and administered accord-
ing to the settled principles of an enlightened na-
tional custom.
The case of the Venus, decided at the same term
of the court, presents nothing of authority what-
ever in support of this bill. It involves nothing
more nor less than the principles applicable, under
the law of nations, to a maritime capture-—the
vessel having sailed, under a British license, for
New York from England, after the declaration of
war, but before intelligence of the fact had reached
there. Before arriving at New York, she was cap-
tured by an American privateer, and sent into the
district of Massachusetts, where the vessel and
cargo were libeled. The chief point discussed in
the case is, as to whether the claimants were
American citizens or British subjects, in such-
sense as to visit upon them the rigors of interna-
tional law in respect to maritime captures. It wa&-
dotermined.by the court, upon the facts in the case,,
that some of the joint owners of both vessel and
cargo being domiciliated in Great Britain at the
commencement of hostilities and at the time ofthe
capture, and not having evinced a disposition to
return sufficient to stamp them with the character
of American citizens, must be held subject to the
law in regard to such captures. Indeed, the vessel
itself stood forfeit in consequence of a false regis-
try made by one of the owners, under the act ot
1792, he having failed to state the non-residence
of his copartner or joint owner.
Otherand numerous cases have been referred to
in support of the bill, but I am disposed to believe
a careful examination will prove them equally
without authority as precedents to justify the ex-
traordinary propositions which it contains.
But, Mr. President, if we elect to treat the in-
suigents as rebels against the authority of a good
Government and amenable to its laws, we are
bound to extend to them the privileges and safe-
guards which the Constitution has erected for
every American citizen, alike for the rich and the
poor, the virtuous and the depraved. We all
agree that the secedingStatesare yet States of the
American Union, and therefore it must be admit-
ted that the citizens of those States are citizens of'
the United States, so far as regards their duties
to the Government or their privileges under it.
Those men among them who have remained loyal
in the midstof the terrors and temptations around
them, have a right to demand our protection for
life and property. Those who have conspired
against the Government and destroyed the peace
of the nation are regarded by us all as traitors,
subject to conviction under the law of treason,
and not entitled by right to the recognized immu-
nities of public enemies.
Unless these things be true, the war should be
prosecuted no fuither. If Georgia and Louisiana
are not members of the Union, it must be because
ordinances of secession have destroyed that con-
nection. If those ordinances be clothed with such
power, the power must have come from the Con-
stitution, and then what right have we to inter-
fere with their discretion? No, sir; the ordi-
nances are void and without effect. They gave no
new rights to the States seceding, nor to the citi-
zens thereof; and being absolutely void, they of
themselves took away from the citizen no con-
siituuonal right to which he was previously en-
titled . The act of secession itself is perfectly harm-
less. Itneithertakesavvay norconfersaright. The
effect upon the State is not to change its relations
to other States of the Confederacy; the effect upon
the citizen is nothing. It is only when the citi*
