1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2538
slave; abstract love of the race, and practical love
of the men who compose it. { frankly confess,
Mr. Speaker, that I have never been more deeply
grieved nn this floor, than when I saw gentlemen,
who during the whole winter have been ventilating
their rhctonc on the wrongs of slavery and of the
race subject to its iron rule, deliberately record their
votes against extending to a man of color, what-
ever liis capacity, or ability, or fidelity, the power
or right to serve the Government, even in the hum-
ble capacity of carrying the mail on his shoulders,
or on horseback, if he could make a horse con-
tract. Rhetoric is beautiful, but it is not meat, or
bread, or raiment, or the right to work for meat,
or bread, or raiment.
But this is by the way. It cannotescape obser-
vation, Mr. Speaker, that our relations with the
States of Liberia and Hayti may soon assume new
importance As the result of the legislation of the
last session, and as the natural, inevitable result
of th's war, the number of free persons of color
in this country will be greatly increased. The free
States are barring their doors against them. Ab-
stract love is simpler and easier than practical.
They may feel the necessity of going out from the
house of political and social bondage. The doors
of those States are open to receive them. Our
sympathy, our aid, our protection, ought togo with
them, and intimate political and commercial rela-
tions will be essential for those ends.
A gentle hint, and kindly meant, and I will tres-
pass no longer on the time and courtesy of my
colleague, who is to closc the debate. Much has
been said, justly said, on this floor of men of one
idea. One idea does not make a statesman, more
than one swallow makes a summer. We do not
admire the spring that can fill but one bucket, the
mill that will grind but one grist, the quiver with
one arrow, the hen with one chicken. Again: one
idea or feeling roriy be so strong as to give color
to all the rest. I mean no pun. That idea or
feeling may be ardent aversion to the negro race,
as we'll as urdentlove for it. In shunning Scylla
he may touch Ciiarybdis.
Mr.GOOCH resumed the floor, but yielded to
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Speakei, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Gooch,] in sup-
port of the bill for the appointment of diplomatic
representatives to the republics of Ilayti and Li-
beria, uiged the measure as a matter of justice
and expediency. Jn the course ol his remarks he
adduced some statistics to show the commercial
standing and importance of these countries, and
that the commercial lelationsof the United States
would be benefited by the appointment of such
representatives.
The friends of this bill could not reasonably
expect that it would pass without opposition.
They had reason to expect, however, that the op-
position, from whatever quarter it might come,
would be that of an analysis and review, and a
refutation, if possibly of the cogent arguments by
which the gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr.
Goocii] supported his "bill.
I was expecting such a review when the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] took the floor, and
which, though it might fail to convince, would
afibid additional evidence of the comprehensive
anu statesmanlike views of the honoiable gentle-
man, of his libeial culture, and genuine patriot-
ism. But I have to contessl was exceedingly dis-
appointed. lie had not been ten nor more than
'live minutes in his speech before, by reason of a
question put by myself, in all good faith, because
1 wanted light and thought he might be able to
give it, his luling passion took possession of him,
and his intense 'disgust for anything that looks
negroward earned him into that fanatical strain of
remark into which he is sure to be carried when-
ever the shadow of a black man ciosscs his path.
The gentleman fioin Massachusetts hud said
that he wished to put Hayti on the same footing
as other independent nations; and if tluitrepublic
should send a minister we should receive him just
the same as England and France do. 1 lie gentle-
man from Ohio replied that she would send negro
ministers here, with ail the rights and dignities
enjoyed by Lord Lyons and Count Mercier; and
J asked the gentleman what objection theie was
to that. To'this question the gentleman replied,
with a good decree of feeling and very emphatic-
ally " What objection ! why, does the gentleman
want tn tntioduce black ministers into the White
House ? I object to it. I am opposed to this step
towards putting the negro on an equality with the
white man.99 And he said he believed that this at-
tempt to have Hayti und Liberia recognizcd had
its origin in the fact that they were nations of black
men, and in the desire of abolitionists to aid in the
emancipation of the slaves through the recogni-
tion of the independence of these countries.
Now, I repeat the question, what objection is
there to these countries sending to the United States
such ministers as they please, and to our receiv-
ing them as we are bound by the comity of nations
to receive them? Hayti and Liberia will expect
this if their independence is acknowledged. They
have not as yet reached that national dignity to
which they should attain before they are made the
recipients of this acknowledgment, if they expect
or consent to take anything less. But is it the opin-
ion of the gentleman from Ohio that no man can
be found in all Hayti or Liberia of sufficient intel-
ligence and refinement and wisdom to discharge
the duties of an embassador? If it is, I think the
gentleman needs light. Hayti has its literary
institute; Liberia its college, of no mean reputa-
tion. The chief magistrate of Liberia, and the
judge of its supreme court, are said to be, by gen-
tlemen who arc well informed on this point, men
of intelligence, of literary and professional acquire-
ments, in no ordinary degree. There is in one
of the British West India Islands a black man
who was liberally educated in England, a man of
the first order of intelligence, and of honor and
wealth. I refer to Hon. Samuel J. Prescott, of
Barbadoes, of whom Dr. Lloyd observes, in his
Letters from the West Indies: "We thought we
had never met with more intelligence and refine-
ment. " And it is by no means a sure thing, as
the gentleman from Ohio assumes it to be, that
Hayti and Liberia cannot furnish men of this
stamp. And would it be derogatory to this coun-
tiy, at home or abroad, to receive such men from
these countries as their embassadors—such men
as Damier, who is at St. James, and L'Espinage,
who is a man of color, at Pans? I do not know
that the gentleman would be obliged to choose them
for his company.
Mr. COX. I understand the gentleman, then,
to say that lie would be willing to receive any one,
without regard to color, who might be sent as
minister to this country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; any one who
may be sent by a Government with whom we
have diplomatic relations.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman whether, upon
the same principle, he would allow the Sublime
Porte to send here aTiuk,with a harem of a
hundred wives, if he chose to send him here ac-
compdiin'i1 with that domestic institution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am, perhaps, not as well
posted as the gentleman from Ohio as to what the
law of nations would require m the case to which
he refers. My opinion, however, is, that weare
bound to receive such embassadors from the na-
tions with which we maintain diplomatic relations
as they may see fit to send. This is in accordance
with the comity of nations, as I understand it.
Prejudice in favor of the colored man and eman-
cipation is it, that leads any of us to desire to do
a simple act of justice by these nations with a na-
tional claim for the recognition of their independ-
ence, which France, England, Italy, Spain, Hol-
land, Prussia, Russia, Austria, and various lesser
Powers have long since acknowledged? Sir, if
the gentleman would rid himself of his prejudice
against the colored man,%nd his groundless fear
of abolitionism, I think he would be found on the
side ot justice m behalf of these nations. Yes,
sir; and he would admit that he has either seen
or heard of men, black men, in his day, of suffi-
cient knowledge and refinement to be fit represent-
atives in any Court, and to be received into society
of the highest rank, from which prejudice against
color, if it excludes them, is prejudice against civ-
ilization and humanity) and the ik God who made
of one blood all nations of men to dwell on all the
face of the earth."
Sir, the whole argument of the gentleman cen-
tered in this: Hayti and Liberia are not to be
acknowledged—no matter what reasons may be
given to the contrary—because, if otherwise, we
shall see blnck embassadors in Washington.
In my opinion, the speech of the gentleman was
unworthy of his head and heart. _ i h(>pe and be-
lieve that the House will pass this bill.
Mr. GOOCIi again resumed the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. X hope the gentleman will1
yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to recollect that there is a
special order for to-day.
The SPEAKER. There is a special order-in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. - - •
Mr. GOOCH. I have but little of ray time re-
maining, but I am willing to yield a portion of it
to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will firstallow
me to say a word in reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] He will remem-
ber the gentleman was rather personal in his ref-
erences to me.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must decline to yield. I
take little interest in the controversy between the
gentleman from Maine and the gentleman from
Ohio. My purpose in seeking the floor is to as-
sign a reason for the vote I expect to give on this
biH.
If we could eliminate the negro from politics,
no doubt wc could do him equal and exact ju«tide.
1 will not suppose any of us to have any preju-
dice eithev for or against him. Certainly I have
none. During the present session of Congress, I
alone, I believe, of all the members of this House,
have listened to an address in this Hall by one
of that class of persons, a citizen of the Republic
of Liberia. And if I add, it was not the least
interesting speech I have listened to during the
winter, no gentleman, I hope, will take offense.
It was delivered at the annual meeting of the
American Colonization Society, held in this city
last January. Possibly this fact, and the addi-
tional one that there were no politics involved,
may explain why there, was no other member of
the House present. The occasion was one purely
of humanity, involving the interests of the Li-
berian republic alone, free alike from party rancor
and sectional animosity; and the address partook
of the character of the occasion. As an exposi-
tion of the negro question from the African side
of it, it might, had it been reported, have been
interesting, not to say instructive, to some who
take much crcdit to themselves for thoroughly
understanding it.
The question before us seems to me to be sim-
ply one of fact. Is Liberia a nation ? If so, we
are bound by the usages of nations to recognize
that fact, to say nothing of the considerations of
interest, commercial or otherwise. That the peo-
ple there are black, or yellow, or of various shades
of complexion, is a matter that should not enter
into the question. I do not see how color can be
made an objection after having but recently ex-
pended many thousands of dollars to establish dip-
lomatic relations with Japan. It is scarcely two
years since we received adelegation from that coun-
try upon this floor, under circumstances of great
consideration. They were not men of our com-
plexion, yet none of us took offense. I suppose
if China were to be represented here, we should
receive the Chinese in the same way. Theques-.
tion of social or civil equality cannot arise. Dif-
ferent m nature, in race, habits, and pursuits,
there can be no common standard.
I have felt a more than usual degree of interest
in this Liberian colony. I have many friends there,
clients of mine, who have gone there to a greater
or less extent through my instrumentality. There
are divers otheis whom I am assisting in a pro-
fessional way in preparing them for entering upon
a citizenship in that young and flourishing repub-
The policy of my State from a very early day
has been eminently favorable to that new com-
munity, where it has been hoped the pciplexing
problem of Afiican civilization might be success-
fully solved. Contributions from the State treas-
ury were, for many years, made to facilitate the
passage of emigrants thither; and now by statute
emigration to that region is made a condition pre-
cedent to emancipation. It is desirable, then, to
render this country as attiactive as possible to the
class of our people for whose benefit its settlement
was begun; also, to open a full communication
between the people there and their friends in this
country. A political community that has num-
bered among its patrons such names as Webster,
Clay,and Mercer, of the past generations, not to
speak of the distinguished men of_the present,
cannot be an object of indiffeience with me. This
