1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
taxes that !i Government in the practice of paper emission-*
would rarely fail, m any such emeigency, to indulge itself
toofai in the employment of that rcsouice to avoid, as much
as possible, ntio les-i au:-picious to present popularity."—
Hamitton's Works, vol. 3, p. 124.
And Mr. Webster, who followed closely the
principles of government and of finance kid down
oy Mr. Hamilton, sought occasion several times
in ins speeches in Congress to express his decided
and firm convictions upon this subject. In his
speech upon the renewal of the charter of the Uni-
ted States Bank, made in 1832—perhaps the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] will
remember it, as he was a member of the Senate at
that time—Mr. Webster says:
lS Conines5: can alone com money. Congress can alone fix
the value or'fotcign com. No State can coin monev. No
State can fix the value of foreign com. No State, not even
Congress itself, can make anything a tender but gdlH and
silver in payment of debts."— Webster's Speeches, vol. 2,
page 81.
And again, sir, in 1836, when Mr. Webster was
at the very height of his intellectual power, and
when by the financial condition of the country he
was led to apply all his power to develop the true
meaning of the Constitution in this regard, and
to devise legislation suited to the evils then exist-
ing, in his speech upon the specie circular, says:
a But if wo understand by cuircncj' the legal money of
the counity, and that which constitute? a lawkii render for
debts, and is the statute ineasute of value, tlien, undoubt-
edly, nothing included but gold and silver. Mo-t unques-
tionably theio is no legal tender in tins country under tho
authority ot tins Government, oi any other, but gold and
silver, eithet the coinage oi our own mints, oi foieign coins,
at rates regulated by Congress. This is a constitutional
principle, pet feet !y plain, and of the veiy highest import-
ance. Tho States are expressly prohibited ftotn making any-
thing but goid and silver a tender in payment or rtebta; ami
although no ^ucli express piohibiuon is applied to Congress,
yet, as Congiess has nopowci granted to it, in this respect,
but to com money and to regulate the value of foicign coins
it eiearlj has nopowei to substitute p.ipei, oi anj thing else,
for coin, as a tender in payment of debts and in dischar«e
of contiacts. Congress has exercised this power, fully, m
both of its blanches. It lias coined money, and still coins
it; U ha? regulated the value of foreign coins, and ^till reg-
ulates thru value. The legal tender.thcietote, the consti-
tutional st.uulaid of value, is established and cannot be
oveithrown."—Webster's Works, vol. 4, page 271.
And again, in the same speech, he says:
" i am certainly of opinion, then, that gold and silver, at
rates fixed by Congress, constitute the legal standard of
value in this countty; and that neither Congress nor any
State lias authontyto establish any other standaid, or to
displace this."
And Mr, Calhoun, in his speech on the bill
authorizing the issue of Treasury notes, in 1837,
assumes, as indisputable, that Congress possesses
no such power. (3 Calhoun's Works, p. 103.)
Sir, it seems to me that if the language of the
Constitution, and the weight of authority can sot-
tie any proposition, it is that Congress has not
the power to do that which it is proposed shall
be done by the provisions of this bill.
Now, sir, the argument which I have made in
reference to the constitutional power of Congress
does not depend in any degree upon the question
whether or not these notes can maintain their par
value in gold and silver. Cut it may give point to
the argument to show the effect which will be pro-
duced by the provisions of the bill itself in that
respect.
This bill, after providing that these $100,000,000
of Treasury notes shall be payable to all creditors
of the United States, and in the discharge of all
private debts, provides also that they shall be
funded in twenty year bonds of the United States
at six per cent.; and, in order to induce the fund-
ing, that when any person shall accumulate $2,500
of these notes lie may require that bonds shall be
issued in the denomination of the currency of a
foreign country, payable, principal and interest,
in that country.
The effect of th is provision is intended to be that
he shall thore receive his interest in gold and sil-
ver. Congress thus fixes the value of these notes;
fixes it to-day; fixes U at the hour of their emis-
sion. They shall be equivalent to an equal num-
ber of dollars expressed in the twenty years'
bonds of the United States, carrying six per cent,
interest. That is their value fixed by the law—
fixed by tho money markets of the country. What
are these bonds worth to-day 5 Sir, I read in the
New York papers that last Saturday they were
selling at eighty-nine cents in the dollar. The
quotations of last week were never higher than
ninety cents. Yet you propose to send out these
notes as a legal tender, stamped as they are here
to-day, at a value of ninety cents in the dollar.
You compel every nian to whom $1,000 are due
to take, in satisfaction of his claim, that which
is only worth §900. You confiscate, wickedly
and unnecessarily, one tenth—even at the present
rales—ofall the indebtedness of the country. Sir,
it is a monstrous pioposition,^vhich I hope will
not be tolerated by this House.
But,Mr. Chairman, I go astep further. I doubt
whether there is any power in the Federal Gov-
ernment to issue the notes described in this bill,
whether they are made a legal tender or not. 1
have shown to you that the power to " emit bills
of credit" was expressly withheld by the con-
vention which framed the Constitution. 1 have
shown that it was withheld because they did not
intend that this power should be vested in Con-
gress. Now, what is a bill of credit? ChiefJustice
Marshall, in the case of Craig against the State
of Missouri, (4Peters,s Reports,) defines it. He
says:
To emit bills of credit conveys to tho mind the Idea of
issuing paper intended to circulate through the community
as money, which paper is redeemable at a future day. This
is the sense in which the terms have been always under-
stood. The teim lias acquitrd an appropriate meaning; and
" bills of credit" signify a papermedium intended tocircu-
late between individuals, and between Government and
individuals, foi the. oidmaiy purposes of society."
Mr. Webster defines a bill of credit thus:
" The object of them was to create a paper circulation ;
and any pnper issued on the credit of the State, and in-
tended for cucuiation from hand to hand, is a bill of credit
whether made a tender for debts or not, or whether carry-
ing inteic-t oi not. is it issued with intent th.it It sluill
ciicul.ite as money from hand to band, and with mtentth.it
it shall so ciieulate on the eiedit of the State ? If it is, it
is a bill ol eiedit.''
Judije Story, in his dissenting opinion in the
case of the Bank of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky, defines them m the same way. What are
these notes? They are made, by the very lan-
guage—it is their chief purpose—of the bill, law-
ful money. They are intended to circulate as
currency. The argument on. which this bill is
sustained is, that these notes should supply a cir-
culating medium to the country. They come
within the definition of" bills of credit." I have
shown that if th^y do come within the definition
of" bills of credit," the power to emit them was
expressly, designedly withheld from Congress. I
do not deny the power of Congress to borrow
money and to issue notes in evidence of the in-
debtedness; I limit my objection strictly to the
notes described in this bill.
But, even if I believed this bill to be constitu-
tional in both aspocN, I yet see enough in it to
merit, as I think, the hearty condemnation of the
House. It provides that these notes shall be re-
deemable only at the pleasure of the United States.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Spaulding]
called them " demand notes." They have been so
called throughout the country. Theydo not hear a
single characteristic of a demand note. There is no
time,fiom the hour when they shall pass into the
hands of the holder, when he can by their terms de-
mandthatthey shall be redeemed. There is no time
when the faith of the Government is pledged to
their payment. The holder may present them, and
he is told that the time has not arrived at which,
by the face of the bill, they are to be paid. They
will inevitably depreciate. The wit of man has
ncvcrdiscovcred a means by which paper currency
can be kept at par value, except by its speedy,
cheap, certain convertibility into gold and silver.
I need not cite gentlemen to history or to author-
ities—writers on political economy—to prove it.
Unless convertible they have always depreciated;
they always will depreciate; they ought to depre-
ciate, because they are only valuable as the icp-
resentatives of gold and silver; and if they are not
convertible into that of which they are tho repre-
sentative, they must necessarily lose their value.
You send these notes out into the world stamped
with ii redccmability. You put on them the mark
of Cain, and, like Cain, they will go forth to be
vagabonds and fugitives on the earth. What then
will be tho consequence? It requires no prophet
to tell what will be their history. The currency
will be expanded; prices will be inflated; fixed
values will depreciate; incomes will be diminished;
the savings of the poor will vanish; the hoardings
of the widow will melt away; bonds, mortgages,
and notes, everything of fixed value, will lose their
value; everything of changeable value will be ap-
preciated; the necessaries of life will rise in value;
theGovernmentwillpay twofold—certainlylarge-
ly more than it ought—for everything that it goes
into the market to buy; gold and silver will be
driven out of the country. What then? The day
of reckoning must come. Contraction will follow.
Private ruin and public bankruptcy, either with
or without repudiation, will inevitably follow.
The gentleman irom New Yoik cited to me
yesterday the authority of General Hamilton.
General Hamilton, certainly no enemy of a sound
paper currency, describing the effects of a policy
like this, said:
" The loss winch America has sustained since the peace
from the pestilent effects of paper money on the necessaiy
confidence between man and man, on the necessarv con-
fidence in the public councils, on the industry and morals
of the people, and on the character of republican gov-
ernment, constitute an enormous debt against the States
chargeable with this unadvised measure, which must long
remain unsatisfied; or, rather, an accumulation of guilt,
which can be expiated uo otherwise than by a voluntary
sacrifice on the altar of justice of the power which has been
the instrument of it "—Federalist, No. 44.
Mr. Webster has painted most felicitously the
disastrous results to follow from this same course
of conduct:
" A disordeied currency is one of the greatest of political
evils It undermines the vntues necessary for the support
of the social system, and encouiages propensities deduc-
tive of its happiness. It wars against industry, frugality,
and economy ; and it fosters the evil spirits of extravagance
and speculation. Of all contrivances for cheating the labor-
ing classes of mankind, none has been more effectual than
that which deluded them with papei money. Oidinary
tyranny, oppression, excessive taxation, these beat lightly
on the happiness of the mass ot the community, computed
with fraudulent cimcncics, and the robberies committed by
depieciated paper. Our own history has lecorded for our
instruction enough, and more than enough, of the dcmoral-
by Government."—Webster's Spccckcs, vol. 2, p. 81.
Can we not learn something from the early ex-
perience of our own country ? Can we not learn
something from the overthrow of the revolution-
ary Government of France by this very over-issue
of depreciated paper? Can we not learn some-
thing from those throes which the society of Eng-
land endured during the long suspension of, and
at its return to, specie currency in 1822? Can we
not now rise to a wisdom of statesmanship which
shall control the financial necessities of the coun-
try without plunging it into that gulf from which
there is, with honor and safety, no recovery?
Sir, 1 beg gentlemen to permit me to read, in
closing what I have to say, one more lesson of
wisdom from that statesman of New England to
whom I have had occasion so often already to
refer. I read it with the hope that it will be en-
graven on the memory of every man here, and that
it will enable us to avoid the evils of which he has
spoken by adhering to the course which he has
wisely marked out:
"No nation had a better currency than the United States.
There was no nation which had guarded its currency with
more care, for the hamersof the Constitution and those
who had enacted the eatly statutes on the subject were
hard money men. They had felt and duly appieciated the
evils of a paper medium; fhey therefore sedulously guarded
the currency of tlie United States ftom debasement. The
legal currency of tho United States wasgold and silver com.
Tins was a subject in regard to which Congress had run
into no folly. Gold and silver currency was the law of the
land -it home,the law of the woild abroad; tbeie could,in
the present condition of the world, be no other currency."
Let gentlemen heed this lesson of wisdom. Let
them, if need be, tax the energies and wealth of
the country sufficiently to restore the credit of the
Government. Let them borrow whatever money
in addition may be necessary—borrow it to the full
extent thru may be necessary—and let us adhere
rigidly, firmly, consistently, persistently, and to
the end, to the principle of refusing to surrender
that currency which the Constitution has given
us, and in the maintenance of which this Govern-
ment has never, as yet, for one moment wavered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
Tho motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the bill (H. R. No. 240_) to authorize the
issue of United States notes, and for the redemp-
tion or funding thereof, and for funding the float-
