1862.]
37th Cong....2d Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
53
United States Notes—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
ment has been to borrow the immense sums de-
manded for the war in coin. It is clear to my mind
that that effort should be abandoned. We are ex-
cluded from borrowing in foreign markets for the
present. It suits both the financial and political
purposes of other nations,at this time,to discredit
our ability. Notuntil we have demonstrated that,
in the devotion of our own people, the Govern-
ment has resources equal to its utmost needs,can
we command the confidence of the goldmongers
of Europe. To borrow of those communities, in
their present temper, would subject us to such dis-
counts now as would neither comport with our
interests or our honor, and would subject us here-
after to heavy annual 'exportations of specie for
the-paymem of interest;
To continue borrowing of our own banks, and
blowing coin, is impossible. Thpy have not
the coin to lend. In their efforts to lend to the
Government they have already been forced to sus-
pend the payment of specie upon their own notes.
The entire sum of specie in all the banks in the
United States, in May last, was only $99,751,627;
of that sum $27,125,000 was in the vaults of banks
•within the seceded States, and not just nowavail-
able for the purposes of this Government. Thus
the specie capital which the banks of the loyal
States could place at the disposal of the Govern-
ment was bu^ little more than seventy-two millions
of dollars. T^hat sum will not defray the expenses
of the Government for fifty days.
The Government may be able to borrow of the
banks, but the Government cannot borrow specie
of the banks. If it borrows anything of them it
must borrow, not their money, but their promises
to pay money. Nothing is more certain than that,
whatever our wishes may be, it is impossible to
command the revenues for this war in coin. We
must rely mainly upon a paper circulation; and
there is another thing equally certain, which is
that that paper, whoever issues it, must be irre-
deemable. All paper currencies have been, and
will ever be, irredeemable. It is a pleasant fiction
to call them redeemable; it is an agreeable fancy
to think them so. I would not dispel that fancy,
I would not expose that fiction, only thatthegreat
emergency which is upon us seems to me to render
it more than usually proper that the nation should'
begin to speak truth to itself; to have done with
shams, and to deal with realities.
The fact is that no paper circulation ever was
or ever will be redeemable in specie. No man ever
did or ever will loan his note for ten dollars if he
is compelled to keep agold eagle to redeem it with,
for the simple reason that it is cheaper to loan the
coin. And no man who loans two ten dollarnotes,
and has but one gold eagle, can pay specie on de-
mand for both of them. No bank would loan its
notes instead of its coin, but for the privilege it
enjoys of loaning more paper than it has of coin.
And no bank which issues its notes m excess of
its-coin can, on demand, redeem its notes in specie.
Every attempt that was ever made, here or else-
where, to convert a paper circulation into a me-
tallic currency proves this. So every bank note,
therefore, in circulation, although it purports to
be an unconditional undertaking to pay the sum
mentioned upon its face in specio on demand, yet
it has annexed to it this implied condition: that the
holder must not demand the specie any faster than the
maker gets it.
The total circulation of the banks of the United
States was, in May last, $195,240,000; their total
specie deposit-at the same time amounted to but
§99,751,627. To pretend that the latter sum is
equal to the absorption of the former is as idle as
to pretend that a frog can swallow an ox. It is
worse than any common brag; it is falsehood.-
Let it be understood, then,,that during the con-
tinuance of this war wc must have, as we have
always had, a paper circulation, and that it must
be, what it has always been,irredeemable. The
question remains, who shall issue that paper—the
Government or the banks? I answer, thejGfovern-
ment. I say the Government, and not the banks,
should issue that paper, for all the reasons and
upon all the considerations which can influence the
decision of the question. The Government should
issue that paper, because it is for its own use, and
because, also, let who will issue it, the Govern-
ment must supply the means for taking it up. If
the banks issue it, they will simply loan it to the
Governmentupon its promise to pay that amount
in a given period with interest. The banks will
loan the Government one hundred of its promises
each to pay ten dollars on demand, without inter-
est, in exchfmge for the Government's promise
to pay $1,000, with interest, in ten or in twenty
<years. No man believes that those one hundred
promises can ever be redeemed until the banks
have raised the money upon the Government's
promise. Until that time the people must hold
the bank notes, and pass them from hand to hand
as money, and must pay interest upon the note of
their own Government. The Government should
issue that paper, because its promises are safest to
take and surest to hold. It is the only party ulti-
mately liable for their payment, and it is the only
party able to pay. What we call the Treasury
note is equivalent to a note signed by every indi-
vidual in the United States and by all their pos-
terity. It has these advantages overall other se-
curities: the holder always knows how much of
that paper is extant, which is rarely known of
paper issued by an individual or by a company.
It has the largest estate pledged to its redemption;
its obligation defies all statutes of limitation, and
survives the death of generations.
Sir, wc hear a great deal said about the moneyed
power of our country, the capitalists, and of their
importance to the country. Daily wc arc pointed
to them, and we are told " they hold the purse-
strings of the nation." Daily our financiers, our
observing men, rush to the columns of our com-
mercial organs to sec " how the credit of the Uni-
ted States stands in Wall street or State street."
Mr. President, those who use such language, I
terribly and almost fatally misapprehend where
lie the wealth and the strength of the nation. It
is not piled up upon the few insignificant acres
comprising your great cities, swollen and dis-
torted as they are. It lies in the productive indus-
try and the productive soil of the country. Within
the last six months you have gathered from the
ranks of that hardy industry ttic magnificent host
which, now encircling the monster rebellion, pre-
pares to crush it to atoms. From your generous
soil that host is fed and furnished. The daily pay
and the daily feed of that Army would, in six
months, empty your banks so clean that every
vault in the country would collapse.
While that Army remains in the field, you need
not resort to Wall street to have the credit of the
nation indorsed. And should that Army leave the
field before the rebellion is destroyed—which it
never will-—all the indorsement you will get in
Wall street would not enable you to carry on a
country tavern for twenty-four hours. In the land
and labor of the country consists the nation's
wealth. Lot the country make a note of that
fact.
To talk of borrowing of your banks the money
to support your Army and your Navy is as idle
as for England to talk of borrowing from her na-
tional bank the money to pay her national debt.
There is but one fund adequate to supply the na- ;
tional finances, and that is the property of the i
nation. There is but one guarantee upon which 1
the national credit can securely rest, and that is
the national fath.
Cut, sir, there is another and, if possible, more
conclusive reason why we should not lely upon
the banks for the means of defraying the extraor-
dinary charges of this war. It is that the banks
have other work to do, and work scarcely less
essential to the welfare of the country. Whatever
be the available cash capital of the country, it is \
all required, and has all been used, in the ordinary !
business of the country. To supply the wants of J
our ordinary trade, is its legitimate work. So far !
as it is employed by the Government, it must be i
withdrawn from its legitimate work. The cash j
capital of the country was never equal to the pres- I
ent wants of the Government. It was never less 1
able to supply those wants than at the present i
time. A large portion of the circulation has been i
withdrawn during the past season through the I
failure, or fear of failure, of the banks. In addi- i
tion, $54,000,000of circulation within the seceded j
States are locked up by the war. Besides these j
large sums, another sum larger than both of them, •
amounting probably to not less than §200,000,000, '
is lost to the active capital of the country, and now |
stands in theshape-of southern indebtedness in i
our commercial cities, and which should have been
paid out of the last year's crop. Yet, in spite of
their crippled and exhausted condition,gentlemen
able, thoughtful, clear-headed gentlemen—rep-
resenting our capitalists, have been here almost
demanding to be employed as bankers to the Gov-
ernment. You might as well think to feed the
boilers toafirst-classenginebyplacingthem under
the eaves of your house just as the clouds were
trickling their last drops upon it. -Sir, it is impos-
sible. TJiey have already been employed too long
and too freely. Every dollar you borrow from
them hereafter will be so much taken from the
facilities needed by and legitimately belonging to
the private trade and business of the people. That
trade must not be despoiled; that business must
not be destroyed. We have already wronged it
too^ much. This extraordinary spectacle is ex-
hibited: you have withdrawn from the industry
of the country more than half a million men; you
are feeding them at enormous cost and with enor-
mous waste; yet with ail this accumulated de-
mand you have not enhanced the price of labor
or of bread by so much as the smallest fraction
of one per cent.
This other fact ought to be heeded. To-day the
papers quote flour at $3 70 per barrel in Milwau-
kee. I am told it commands nine dollars in Wash-
ington. The reason is plain. The demand is -
great, but the purchasers are few. They are only
the few large contractors who can command facil-
ities from the crippled and staggering banks of the
great cities. Two thirds of what the Government
pays is divided between the banks, th6 contract-
ors, and carriers, and g;oes for interest, profit, and
freight. No matter with what fullness the farm-
er's granaries may swell, it docs not give him
credit enough to go to market. He must wait for
the agent of the contractor to come to his door,
and he must take whatever the latter is pleased to
pay. This will never answer. If we mean thatthe
people shall go through this war and live, we must
not fetter the hands and palsy the energies of five
millions, while the other half million fight the bat-
tles of the nation. You may as well expect the
factories of Lowell to prosper after you have di-
verted all the tributaries of the Meriimac, as to
expect a nation to give a vigorous support to the
war when you have paralyzed all its energies.
You might as well place John C. Heenan in a
receiver from which the air is exhausted,and ex-
pect to witness an exhibition of brilliant sparring,
as to expect great achievements from the people
when you have deprived them of all their accus-
tomed sustenance.
When you demand great performance of a peo-
ple you must nurse them, and not suffocate them.
I submit, therefore, you ought to leave the ordi-
nary facilities of trade for the accommodation of
the ordinary business of the country; and that
this new and extraordinary demand of the Gov-
ernment should be supplied by extraordinary
means.
Sir, history has not left us without instruc-
tion as to the policy which should govern a nation
undci circumstances like those which surround
us. The tides of commercial prosperity which
bathed England from the close of the American
war turned near the end of the year 1792. On the
19th of February following, the Hank of England
threw out the notes of Lane, Son & Fraser. The
next day that house stopped payment, with liabil-
ities amountmgto nearly one million pounds. That
great failure was followed by numerous others in
every part of the kingdom, including upwards of
one hundred country banks. Universal distrust
succeeded to universal confidcncc. A heavy drain
commenced upon the specie in the vaults of the
bank. The, bank in self-protectioncurtaileditsdis-
counts; values declined: distress was wide spread
and general. In the midst of these calamities the
kingdom embarked in a war upon the continent.
But instead of absorbmgthe capital of the coun-
try in defraying the charges of the Government,
and thus aggravating the paralysis which had
overtaken the industry of the people, her Minis-
try felt called upon to intervene; aid actually in-
tervene on behalf of that industry, and tendered
to it a loan of exchequer bills to the amount of
<£5,000,000 sterling.
" The progress of the panic was arrested at once.
The simple offer of Government aid and sympa-
