1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
zeu, upon whom and not upon State organization
our Government operates, attempts, by force and
violence, instead of the peaceful means of judi-
cial redress, to uphold this void act, that he comcs
in contact with the Federal authority and subjects
himself to the punishment of treason. The State
itself is not capable of crime and not subject to
punishment by the power of the nation. Indeed,
the right to punish a State, or the whole people
of a State, for the gross wrongs or crimes if you
please, of a majority of its citizens, is the very
right denied by the convention in rejecting the pro-
posed constitutional power of coercing a State.
The power to punish the guilty traitors them-
selves is given us, but with it, not the power to
ravage the country, to rob the innocent or reduce
women and children to want. The guilty man
must be punished to the extent that civilization,
embodied in its greatest perfection in our admira-
ble system of government, will permit. The in-
nocent man must be protected in every essential
right of person and property, or in the end we
shall be forced to acknowledge this infamous re-
bellion to be a success, a bitter and humiliating con-
fession to which we shall never be brought, if pru-
dence and not revenge shall govern the delibera-
tions of the hour. I would not have the guilty
traitor when convicted of his crime, to be dragged
on the ground to the place of execution, to be
hanged by the neck and cut down alive; that his
entrails should be taken out and burned while he
is yet living; that his head should be cutoff,and
his body divided into four parts, as prescribed by
the common law. I would not visit upon his
children the sins of their father, by corrupting the
blood and destroying the inheritance that must
technically pass through the guilty ancestor to his
innocent children. I would not make posterity
the victims of his guilt, or rob his children of a
patrimony the loss of which would be followed
by rankling revenge for generations to come. In
the language of one of the ablest of American
authors—
" It surely Is enough for society to take tlie life of the of-
fender, as a just punishment of Ins crime, without taking
from ius offspring and relatives that propeity which may be
the only means of saving them fioin poveity and ruin. H
is bad policy too, for it cuts off all the attachments which
these nnfoitunnte victims might othei wise led for thou own
Government, and prepaies them to engage in any other ser-
vice by which their Mippo*cri injuues may be redressed or
their hereditary hatred gratified."
Treating the insurgents, then,as citizenslevy-
ing war against the United States," it is for Con-
gress " to declare the punishment of their trea-
son;" but in piescribing the penalty, our fatheis
have said, whether wisely or unwisely is certainly
not now for consideration by us, who are sworn
to support the Constitution as it is, that—
"No attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood
or forfeiture except during the life of the person attainted,"
It havingbeen already declared in another pro-
vision of the Constitution that "no bill of at-
tainder or ex post facto law shall be passed," the
" attainder of treason," here mentioned, must be
understood as an attainder following conviction
before the judicial tribunals of the country. The
language is superfluous and meaningless unless
this be the construction.
Legislative attainder presented itself in all its
horrois, as an engine of tyranny and oppression
during the stormy periodsof English histoiy pre-
ceding our own Revolution, and induced by our
forefathers the adoption of a provision that would
forever shut out Us evils in our Government.
Judge Story, commenting on this provision of the
Constitution, says:
a The injustice and iniquity of Mich acts, in genei a!, con-
stitute an irresistible aigumcnt against the CAiatcnco of the
povvei. In a free government it would be intolerable; and
m the hands ot a leigmng faction it might be and probably
would be abused to the nun and death of the mo.st virtuous
citizens. Bills of this port have been mo*t usually parsed
in England in times of rebellion or of gro-s subserviene> to
the Crown or of violent political excitements ; periods in
which all nations aie most liable (as \/e!i the Iree as the
enslaved) to forget their duties, and to trample upon the
rights and iiberties of others."
The power to prescribe the punishment of cer-
tain crimes is^given to the Congress; but the power
to try the olfender and apply the penalty js for-
ever removed from the legislative department of
the Government; removed, at least, until the Con-
stitution shall have been amended in this partic-
ular, and the bitter experience of past ages forbids
any desiie of change except by those who are will-
ing to subjoc-t themselves and their posterity to
the dangers of the most galling tyranny, for the
poor privilege of present vengeance against a
despised, miserable and already ruined traitor.
It cannot be otherwise than that the penalties
contained in this bill are intended as a punishment
for the crime of treason committed by the rebels
against the'Government. If this be so, how are
we to reconcile its provisions with the Constitu-
tion, which declares that:
(i The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment,
shall be by jury, and such trial shall be held in the sHate
whoie the said ciimes shall have been committed."
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital or oth-
erwise infamous ciirne, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand juiy, except in cases ausing in the land
or naval forces," &c.
" Nor be deprived of life, liberty or property, without
due process of law."
k£ In all criminal ptosecntione the accused shall enjoy the
right to a speedv and public tiial, by an impartial jury of
the State and distuct wherein the crime shall have been
committed, which district shall have been pi<jvioust> as-
ceitained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause
of the accusation; to be confionted with the witnesses
against him; to have compulsory piocess for obtaining wit-
nesses in his favoi, and to have the assistance of counscl
in his defense."
But we are told that there is such a thing known
in our jurisprudence as the forfeiture of property
for the quasi offense of the thing itself, such as that
which attaches to property smuggled in contra-
vention of the revenue laws,&c. Without enter-
ing upon an argument to determine the correctness
of such proceedings or whether they be strictly in
accordance with the provisions of the Constitution
which I have enumerated, I may simply remark
that the act" to confiscate property used for insur-
rectionary purposes," approved August G, 18GJ,
is perhaps fully as broad as may be justified by
any precedent growing out of legislation of the
character alluded to or derived from the adjudica-
tions of courts on the subject.
Thus far, Mr. President, I have refrained from
alluding to the second section of this bill which,
as it has been amended, is in the following words:
Sec. 2. And beit further cnacted, That every person hav-
ing claim to the service oi laboi of any other peisonin any
State under the laws thcioof, who dating the present rebel-
lion shall take up arms against the United States, or in any
manner give aid and comfort to said rebellion, shall thereby
loithwith forfeit all claim to such snviee or labor, and the
persons from whom it is claimed to be duo, commonly
called slaves, shall, jjjvo facto, on the commission of the act
ot toiieiture by the pai ty having claim to Hie service oi labor
as afoie^.tui, be dischaiged thercfiom, and become foiever
thereaitei free persons, any law of any State or of the Uni-
ted States to the coiuiary notwithstanding. And whenever
any per.^on claiming to bo entitled to the service oi labor of
any other peif-on ^iiaii seek to enfoicc ^uch claim, he shall
m the first instance and before proceeding with the tiial of
his claim, satisfactorily ptove that he is and has been dur-
ing the existing lebclhou iojallothe Government of the
United States ; and no person engaged in the military or na-
val service of the United States -.hall, under any pietense
whatever, assume to decide on the validity of the claim of
any per.-on to the seivice or laborof any other pcison, or to
surrender up any such person to the claimant.
I omitted it purposely, and would be glad that
I could close without reference to it at all. The
discussion of this subject in Congress is the great
source of evil—the Pandora's box out of which
have sprung: the many present ills that afflict the
country. Whether those ills of to-day, under the
direction of an all-wise Intelligence, are but the
forerunners of blessings to follow—whether this is
butkk partial evil" which, but for the circumscribed
vision of men, would even now be hailed as "uni-
versal good," it docs not atpiesont become me to
inquire. I am fully aware of the uncontrollable
prejudices which this war has excited against the
institution of slavery. The agitation of the ques-
tion has been going on until the two sections have
become ignorant of the true character of each
other. Northern revolutionists seized upon the
sympathies excited by it in its moral and religious
bearings, and whether in using it to obtain party
supremacy, to excite hostile convulsions to end
in disruption or for the better purpose of advan-
cing the claims of philanthropy, the result pro-
duced was tho same—an unnatural estiangement
of a large mass of the northern people from their
southern neighbors. Many learned to regard
slavery as the sum of all evil, and conscientiously
believed that those tolerating itcould notbe equal
to themselves in any of the better attributes of man.
While this was going on in one section, many
in the other half of the Union were using it as a
pretext tocoveruppersonalschemesof ambition.
While much the larger portion were ignorant of
their true designs, those who were using it to edu-
cate the southern mind to deep hostility against
the North, with a view of precipitating revolution
at the appointed time, were active, restless, un-
scrupulous and wickedly bent on mischief. Po-
litical parties-discovering an element of strength
in the slavery question, availed themselves of the
ignorant prejudices already aroused and gladly
accepted the services of mercenary bands of ad-
venturers who were ever ready to barter the best
hopes of man for the paltry emoluments of official
station. At first it was dignified with a position
in party platforms of equal rank only with other
questions of political economy; but soon the bank,
the tariff, the publiclands, the improvement of the
national highways, and all other interests of this
great nation were completely swallowed up in this
one question. To the everlasting shame of our
country, it became the sum total of political sci-
ence in the United States. It soon degenerated
into a violent sectional struggle forparty suprem-
acy, in which reason held no sway, and the public
weal was sacrificed to the schemes of ambition.
Howstrangeand inconsistent,too,the positions
taken. The northern abolitionist taught the equal-
ity of races, and demanded universal emancipa-
tion, without attempting to elevate the negro in
his own State, and even rejecting all association
with him where the practical test of sincerity is
applied. In one breath he denounces the Consti-
tution of the country as a il covenant with hell"
because it gives sanction to slavery, in the next
he blesses the sacred instrument because it gives
" liberty" to every human being. For near twenty
years he labors for the dissolution of the Union,
and prays for the independence of the North.
Suddenly dissolution comes; his hopes are real-
ized; and straightway he invokes the horrors of
war to prevent, if possible, the consummation of
his own wishes.
The pro-slavery enthusiast avers the divinity of
slavery but closes the door against its discussion
lest human reason should subvert the decrees of
Omnipotence. He demands new territories as an
outlet for slavery, while he complains of the want
of labor in the South; he teaches the universality
of slavery and denies the power of the nation to
interfere with it, because its existence depends
upon local law. Asserting that Congress has no
power over the subject in the Territories, he threat-
ens to disrupt the Union unless slave codes are
enacted for its protection. An advocate of non-
intervention by those not interested in the insti-
tution, he asks the power of Federal law to force
it upon an unwilling people. By removing labor
from the cotton-fields of the South, his lands were
depreciated in value, and the institution he would
foster has become weakened by its contact with
the vigorous energy of the white man. At last
he chose war to perpetuate it, and war will end in
its overthrow.
Thus have the North and the South for years
been involved in absurdities upon this question,
and it may bo that the absurdities of the present
day will yet prove to be the grossest in the long
catalogue of blunders. It may be that each sec-
tion is now entertaining views at war with its own
best interests. It is possible that the South m
upholding slavery is hugging to its bosom a ser-
pent that stings and poisons its vitality. Is not
this the belief of every Republican Senator in this
body? And now, permit me to suggest that the
sudden immigration into the northern States of
four millions of uneducated blacks, as wretched
and miserable as their present owners, may prove
neither beneficial nor acceptable to your people.
If this be accomplished by direct, legislation,
placing the whole responsibility upon the shoul-
ders of those who seek the restoration of the Un ion,
the rebound of popular sentiment may overthrow
many of the best friends of the cause and defeat
the object intended.
It is useless to devise cunning schemes to effect
the destruction of slavery. It is worse than use-
less to violate the least of constitutional safeguaids
to accomplish it. The shells that passed from
lebel batteries to Fort Sumter twelve months ago
wrote its doom in living letters upon the southern
skies. If they will destroy it themselves, let all the
responsibility of evils to spring from this sucfeen
change in the labor and social system of the coun-
try rest upon the authors of the war.
The war is upon us. The pretext is slavery.
It is therefore argued that slavery having pro-
duced the war, must be exterminated in order to
end it. It seems to me that with equal fairness
