u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
3tra Cong....2d Sess.
United States Notes—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
thy afforded positive relief. Not half the amount
voted by the Ministry was ever called for; and of
the wholo number who shared in the loan, on) y two
individuals were finally driven to bankruptcy.
In 1825, England passed through another com-
mercial crisis. To a season of the wildest spec-
ulation and of the boldest commercial adventure,
encouraged by the most liberal accommodations
from the banks, succeeded a season of alarm and
genera! panic. -The notes of the banks were hur-
tled in, and the coin was hurried out. Fearful of
theresults, the banks refused all discounts. Every
avowal on the part of the banks of inability to
loan, inflamed the public apprehension that they
■Would not be able to redeem what they had loaned.
The demand for coin became more and more
frantic. The stock of bullion melted rapidly away.
Lord Ashbuvton has left on record a distinct inti-
mation that, on one particular Saturday, the Bank
of England " closed with nothing worth mention-
ing remaining." Application was made fui an
Order in council to suspend specie payment. That
led to a confercnce between Lord Liverpool and
the governor of the bank, at which Lord Ashbur-
ton was called in to advise. The remedy he pre-
scribed was to increase the circulation, instead of
decreasing it. Thcremedy wasadministered. The
relief was instant. Between the months of No-
vember, 1825, and March, 1826, the notes of the
banks increased from .£19,748,000 to .£24,479,000.
The moment trade revived confidence returned,
and with returning confidence, the flow of specie
set in towards the bank.
Admonished by such examples, I am disposed
ta insist that the Government shall no lougeren-
croach upon those facilities which the hungry and
famisiiingcnterprise of the country needs so much,
shriveled and shrunken as those facilities already
are; and [ insist the banks themselves shall not
leave that enterprise to languish and to starve, in
order that they may employ their crippled re-
sources in giving a fitful, uncertain, and stagger-
ing support to the Government.
There are those who constantly and earnestly
admonish us against the danger of any consider-
able inflation of the currency. They tell us that
150,000,000 is risky, that $100,000,000 would be
frightful. They assure ua tliat$I50,000,000 would
be fatal. They protest with solemnity and energy
that the bushiest) of the country will not stand it.
I answer, the business of the country will stand
it. I assert tlmt the life of' tiie country imper-
atively demands it,
.Sir, one third of the sum provided in this bill
lias already taken its place in the circulation of
the country, having been issued under the law of
July last. The hungry trade of" the nation ab-
sorbed it as a Mexican plum drinks up a summer
shower. Instead of inflating prices, prices have
constantly depreciated in spite of it. The truth
is, the circulation of the country is not yet what
the business of the country, in its normal state,
demands. That business demands an increase of
circulation rather than a decrease, in time of war.
Why, sir, with a circulation of not more than'
#100,000,000, ills seriously proposed to collect in-
ternal taxes quite equal to that sum. How is such
a tax to be paid with such a circulation ? Sir, you
may as well place a-man in the pillory, and bid
him (Itma: the pollen, us to bid the nation walk
under such a burden of taxation, with such iron
restrictions upon its energies.
Bat, sir, I may be toltl the policy I advocate
leads to the unlimited issue of irredeemable de-
mand notes. I have already shown that, whoever
supplies the funds for this war must and will sup-
ply, not coin,for that is not to be had, but a sub-
stitute for com. It is also manifest that whatever
the substitute is, it will,for the same reason, not
be convertible into coin. It is quite evident that,
if the coin cannot be obtained with which to make
the Government, purchases, it cannot be had for
the redemption of the paper which must be em-
ployed as its substitute. I have already shown
that the Government, and not the banks, should
issue that paper substitute; I now say that sub-
stitute should not, in my opinion, consist of de-
mand notes, and that the amount cannot be un-
limited.
It seems to me the Government should never
issue a note of any denomination, promising
thereby to pay specie for it on demand. Among
the most solemn and imperative obligations rest-
ing upon the Government, in my judgment, are
those to redeem what notes it has outstanding, and
to issue no more of that description. We should
redeem what we have issued, because we have
promised it, and the national honor demands it.
We should issue no more, because we cannot re«
deem them, and the national honor forbids it.
Sir, whatever may be allowed to bankers in their
dealings with the people, or whatever may be al-
lowed to individuals trafficking with each other,
this Government, representing, as itdoes, the integ-
rity, the morality, and the religion of the most
privileged nation upon the earth, should never, no
never, forfeit its promise to the people, nor with-
hold a syllable from the performance of its plighted
faith. Its contracts, like its records, should im-
port absolute verity.
There is no stain upon the character of the Gov-
ernment if'its bond, payable in ten or twenty years,
sells for ninety cents on the dollar, although the
Government may have received par for it. It
argues, hot that the Government is insolvent or
unsafe, but that the holder is needy. It is all the
same as if one, to supply a present want, sell his
horse for $200, for which he paid $225. But when
a man sells a Government note for ninety cents in
the market, for which the Government has prom-
ised to pay, but cannot pay, one hundred at sight,
it inflicts an almost indelible stigma upon the na-
tional character. There is nothing more humili-
ating to every just sense of national pride than to
see tin! Government, the chosen representative of
the national resources, standing in the market
places with the brand ofinsolvency upon its brow,
and dishonored by the protest of every huckster
there.
Sir, 1 invoke the Legislature to take good care
that our Government does not fall under that burn-
ing disgrace.
But regard for economy as well as regard for
character forbids the issue of notes promising spe-
cieon demand. If such are issued decency requires
that some pretense should be made of readiness to
redeem. Some fund must be provided with that
view. If the Government issues $200,000,000 of
notes promising$200,000,000ofspecieon demand,
it would, for the sake of appearances, feel com-
pelled to keep at least $50,000,000 of specie in its
Treasury. Whatever it docs keep is dead capi-
tal. It is useless for the purpose of redemption,
for it is inadequate. One might as well keep a yard
ot cloth on hand to make him a new overcoat,
in case ho should need one. It is only a sign of
redemption, not security for it. It is not good
economy to pay $50,000,000 for a sign, when by
going to the proper shop we can get one painted
for ten dollars. The truth is, redemption never
will be called for except by the speculator, when
some flurry in trade creates a sudden demand for
gold, or by the people, in case of general panic.
For the speculator The Government should not
provide; for the panic it caunot provide.
Prudence also forbids the issue of demand notes
by the Treasury of tiie United States. If the peo-
ple are induced to take them at all, they should be
protected in the use of them. They should be
placed out of reach of the bears, the brokers, and
the shavers. If upon their face they are made
redeemable in coin, and if in fact they are not so
redeemable, that is the very point at which their
credit may be attacked, and through which it may
he stricken down. If the specie reserve betwenty-
five per cent, of the circulation, it is only neces-
sary for the brokers to combine in a demand for
com which shall exhaust the reserve, and then the
seventy-five per cent, in the pockets of the people
is dishonored and discredited. Thenceforth it will
ho convertible only at a sacrifice, and whatever
the discount is it falls upon those who have taken
itin good faith and who have not contributed to its
depreciation. And whatever they lose the specu-
lators in money make, since whenever they choose
they can restore the note to creditagain, and what
they have purchased at fifty cents they may pay
out at pleasure at one hundred cents. Foi' all
these reasons, I am persuaded the Government
should issue no promise to pay coin on demand,
if it has the coin or can get it for such interest as
a Government ought to pay, it ought to pay out
the coin If, on the contrary, the Government
has not the coin, it should issue its note, convert-
ible on demand, in limited sums, into interest-
paying stocks.
Authorise the issue of stocks to the amount of
your appropriations, less the revenue applicable
to them. Authorize the exchange of those stocks
for coin or Treasury notes at par. Make the notes
like the coin, a sufficient tender for all debts due
to both Governmental to individuals. Congress
has the power to " regulate the value" of both.
Let the value of both be the same. Then, whoever
prefers the interest on the stocks to the use of
money will invest either the coin or notes in the
stocks. But whoever needs money more than the
interest of it will keep the coin or notes in circu-
lation.
I am not unmindful that the authority of Con-
gress to make these notes a tender for debt is res-
olutely denied. I shall not enter upon an exteirted
discussion of that question. I waive it the more
readily because our decision of the question is not
final. It may be reviewed by the judicial tribu-
nals, especially if we affirm the power.
But since I am unwilling these notes should go
to the country with the stamp of illegitimacy upon
them, I shall offer a few suggestions in support of
their validity. I readily admit, those illustrious
men who framed the Constitution of the United
States were deeply prejudiced against an irredeem-
able paper circulation. They had suffered much
from such a circulation. I do not doubt they
would have promptly negatived every proposition
to insert in the instrument they were framing a
clause which should clothc the Government with
authority to issue such paper and make it a tender
for debt. Nay more, 1 readily admit that if we
were framing a constitution to-day, I myself would
vote to exclude any express grant of such power
from it.
I would not agree to the express grant of such
power, because that would render the authority
to issue paper money, and to make it a tender for
debt, one of the ordinary powers of the Govern-
ment, and the question of its exercise would be one
of expediency merely. Such, I am persuaded, it
ought never to be.
I would not consent to clothe the Government
with a power which would enable it, when in the
hands of dishonest men, to impose the whole cost
of ordinary administration upon those who hold
the credits of the country. When a Government
resorts to loans for purposes of ordinary admin-
istration, it demonstrates that it is unworthy of
credit. When it has forfeited its claim to credit,
it has no more right to demand it than ahighway-
mati has to demand your purse.
But it is to be noticed that Congress is not pro-
hibited by the Constitution from issuing "billsof
credit," or fromNmaking paper a tender for debt.
Il is to be noticed also that this authority to emit
bills of credit and make them a tender is not one
of the " reserved powers" so called. Only those
powers " are reserved to the States respectively
or to the people" which are " not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited
by it to the States." The power to " emit bills of
credit" or to " make anything but gold and silver
coin a tender in payment of debts" is " prohib-
ited to the States," and resides with the Govern-
ment of the United States, if it resides anywhere.
But I do not rest the claim of authority upon
the fact that it is prohibited to the States. 1 in-
graft it rather upon the powers expressly granted
to the Government of the United States as a ne-
cessary incident, and without which the Govern-
ment is helpless, for the purpose of self-protec-
tion. " The United States shall guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of govern-
ment." That solemn duty is charged upon us by
the Constitution. Eleven States in this Union are
to-day either wholly or partly deprived of that
guarantee. Our obligation to enforce it is absolute
and unconditional.
In the discharge of that duty Congress is
clothed with unrestricted power to "raise and .sup-
port" armies, to "provide and maintain" navies.
Congress is also clothed with power " to make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for
caTryinginto execution the foregoing powers, and
all other powers ves'tcd by tins Constitution m
the Government of the United States."
To preserve for these eleven misguided States
a republican form of government, we have raised
