2534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
bill proposes to authorize the President to send
them a diplomatic representative, who shall rank
as commissioner and consul genera!. Our inter-
course with the people of the Sandwich Islands,
a people somewhatsimilar in their general history,
lias been attended with no inconvenience, and i
apprehend none in this case.
The only fact for us to ascertain in deciding this
question is, whether these people have established
their claims to be recognized as a nationality. It
seems to me there can be no doubt on this point.
That the commerce of that country is worthy of
our consideration and cultivation, is already de-
monstrated by our maintaining, for many years,
a commercial agent there; by the establishment
of diplomatic intercourse between these people
and divers other nations; and by the raising, dur-
ing the present session of Congress, the grade of
our representative there from commercial agent to
that of consul.
Mr. Speaker, the policy of this, like all other
nations,should be to recognize every nationality
which has entitled itself to that degree of con-
sideration, and to avail ourselves of their com-
merce and of whatever advantages are to be de-
rived from intercourse with them.
I suppose if Liberia should send pne of her
citizens here, one of Afric's dusky sons, in some
diplomatic character—and even this by no means
folio ws from ihe passage ofthis bill—and he should
occupy a seat in the diplomatic gallery, none of
us would suffer more harm fiom the proximity
than we now do from our contact with those of
the same race who attend to the wants of our per-
sons, brushing our coats and polishing our boots,
in the lobbies of the House. And as to the effect
of such an association upon the diplomatic repre-
sentatives of other nations, I imagine, after what
has often occurred in Europe, they would hardly
object to fellowship with such a member of the
corps diplomatique. Gentlemen will recollect that
it is hardly two ycais since Lord Brougham pub-
licly, I will not say offensively, congratulated
the representatives assembled at ihe congress of
nations, upon the fact that there sat, side" by side
with the American minister, a gentleman of Afri-
can descent. I have never understood that any
European took exception to the presence of this
colored brother. After all, the social question is
quite apart from the present bill. Neither this,
nor any other legislation, will transform the ne-
gro, either morally, mentally, or socially, any
more than physically, into a white man. 1 really
think gentlemen are too sensitive upon one side
and the other in reference to this matter. On
one side it is supposed that greater political ad-
vantages will arise from the passage of this bill
than m my judgment are likely to occur. And
011 the other hand 1 think gentlemen are too ap-
prehensive lest the African should be thrust too
prominently forward. It does strike me that
neither of these hopes or fears are very likely to
be realized by the passage of this or 'any other
cognate measure. The lelations of the two races
will remain substantially the same, do what we
may. It seems to me that the question for us to
decide is, whether Liberia—for it is of that re-
public alone I .speak—is a nationality, and if so,
whether it is our duty to recognize her as such ?
I think it is both our duty and our interest, and
for that reason I propose to vote for the bill
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, 1 do not
propose to discuss this subject further than to
assign the reasons upon which my vote upon this
question will be given.
I, too, have been one of those who have con-
tributed to some little extent towards the buildin°-
up of this colony. To the extent of my ability"
I have always been its advocate and friend, and
the advocate and supporter of the Colonization
Society which established it, and I am ready to
contribute what lies ill my power to the same end
still. But can I not be permitted to feel this kind-
ness and to render this individual assistance to-
wards bettering their condition without being
required to acknowledge them as our equals in the
family of nations, and bring them upon terms of
social intercourse with us in our houses? I have
been at all times, and the people of my State have
been, in favor of helping these people. The
Legislature of my State has appropriated sums of
money to assist in the transportation of this un-
happy race to the shores of the original native
land of their forefathers. I feel no diminution of
regard for them. I have their interest at heait,
and I am willing to do for them all the good I
can.
It has heretofore been supposed that this must
be left to individual exertion, and that the Gov-
ernment had no power to interfere in the matter
by giving aid and assistance to that colonization.
It has been left to the work of individual exertion
and individual means, and it has been successful.
Founded and supported at the expense and by
the benevolence and care of the Colonization So-
ciety, the colony of Liberia has been reared up to
its present state of independence and prosperity.
I am glad to witness it. She was founded in a
noble, enlightened charity. She grew upon it,
and the charities of the Christian world have gath-
ered around her to make her an object of general
care and favor. Is it wise, then, in us to draw
her away from this happy, though it may be hum-
ble condition, into a premature career of politics
and diplomacy, as this bill tends to do? Most of
those who now so zealously support this bill have
not, I think, been the friends of the Colonization
Society, or of the colonization of free negroes in
Liberia. It is a fact of general notoriety that the
abolition party of the United States, to which most
of those gentlemen are understood to belong, has
been for years hostile to the action of that society,
opposed to the transportation there of the free ne-
groes of this country, supposing that here they
may be made an clement to keep up political excite-
ment in favor of the abolition of slavery.
Let me ask, Mr. Speaker, whether there is any
necessity for this measure, a mere nominal recog-
nition of the independence of Liberia, with a
virtual invitation to send and receive diplomatic
representatives? What is to be the effpet of the
measure if adopted? You, in fact, have already
recognized them. You carry on commerce with
them. If there is not sufficient recorded evidence
of your recognition of them, give it to them; give
it to them as Mr. Clay suggested that it should
be done in his letter, a portion of which was read
this morning. Make a treaty of commerce with
them. I am willing to recognize them in any such
form. Take the amendment of the gentleman
fiom Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] That provides for the
appointment of consuls general for Hayii and Li-
beria, winch will accomplish all possible service
that can (low from the appointment of ministers
resident.
Mr. UOOCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether it makes any actual dif-
ference whether we send them a commissioner,
or minister, or other diplomatic agent, or a con-
sul autho, ized to negotiate treaties ? Do the)' not
in both cases have the right to consider that we
are sending to them diplomatic agents, and would
they not, under the laws of nations, be author-
ized to send us back diplomatic agents of equal
rank?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is a great dif-
ference between a public minister and a consul or
other inferior agent—a difference in their dignity
and privilegesand modes of reception, &c. And
though, by the laws of nations, they might send
us diplomatic agents, our Government might re-
ject them if it so pleased, unless we bind our-
selves by this act to receive them. A commercial
agent there would discharge for us every com-
mercial duty, and secure for us every possible
commercial ad vantage which could be derived Trom
a minister of the highest character. What more
is wanted than such a commercial agent? Why
do you want to force all parties into this unneces-
sary act of the appcintmentof ministers resident?
Is it to subserve any good purpose; will it have
any beneficial result? 1 am willing to render to
these negro communities any service according to
their condition and according to their rank. They
have not in Liberia more than fifteen thousand
American negroes to whom we have any particu-
lar ties. My honorable friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Thomas] spoke very eloquently of the
atonement that was due from us for past wrongs,
yet we, who are as innocent of those wrongs as
themselves, have taken them across the wide
ocean, by our chanty and benevolence, and we
havefed and clothed them,given them homes and
done for them every act of kindness. We have
never neglected them, but have been studious for
their advancement and their prosperity. What-
ever wrongs they may have suffered from past
generations, this generation has not failed in its I
duty towards this colony. It has, by its mag-
nificent benevolence, its Christian chanty, made
these people a happy and prosperous community.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the attempt is made by this
bill to give these people a sort of political prefer-
ment. It is proposed, in effect, to send them a
minister resident. What has been the history of
these diplomatic appointments? You no sooner
send a consul, or other inferior officer, to a port
or place in some country where we have no higher
representative, than he finds out how much more
important and useful he would have been if he
had been sent out as a minister resident, and he
goes to work immediately to overcome the Secre-
tary of State with dissertations on the subject, and
it turns out, not unfrequcntly, that the commercial
agent or the consul is made joyous with the addi-
tional rank and the increased salary which he so
much covets. This is a mere matter of individual
ambition. It may have been at work in this case.
I do not see, nor have I yet heard of any good
reason why the Government of the United States
should send a minister resident to a community
of fifteen thousand souls, with the addition of I
do not know how many native Africans who are
uncivilized. It does not'multiply our commercial
advantages. It does not increase our intercourse
with them. It does not increase our trade, ltdoes
not increase any benevolence we can possibly
render them.
Mr. Speaker, it appears to me, furthermore,
that we should consider every measure in refer-
ence to the condition of the country at this time.
I look to the country to see whethci this propo-
sition is to advance its interests or to affect it un-
favorably. We have been passing many meas-
ures of an irritating character. We have had in
our legislation much more reference to the black
man than to the white man. We have been en-
gaged in legislation for the confiscation and lib-
eration of African slaves, which a large and re-
spectable portion of the House considers uncon-
stitutional. From the same Pandora's box comes
this proposition. Why should it now be pre-
sented ? This is certainly a most inopportune
tune.
Itcomes in connection with a series of measures
obviously designed for the abolition of slaveiy,
and will be regarded as having congenial objects,
and as intended to introduce at once the idea of
negro equality by establishing diplomatic equal-
ity with the negroes of Liberia and Hayli, and
tending thereby, and eventually, to asocial equal-
ity with the tree white people of this country.
The bare suspicion of such a policy would be re-
sented by my constituents, and, as I believe, by
the American people generally. The pride of
their race, and the usages and manners of their
country, would unite ill forbidding any such asso-
ciation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am very philosophically
remonstrated with upon the subject of making any
discrimination on accountof color. Without stop-
ping to question that philosophy, I will only say,
sir, that I have an innate sort of confidence and
pride that the race to which we belong is a supe-
rior race among the races of the earth, and I want
to see that pride maintained. The Romans thought
that no people on the facc of the earth were equal
to the citizens of Rome, and it made them the
greatest people in the world. I want to see my
countrymen filled with the same patriotic pride—
a conscious sense of superiority, with the am-*
bition to maintain it by their public virtues and
noble actions.
It does not seem to me that it would be wise
in us to desire that our countrymen should be
taught that there is nothing in this difference of
race, nothing in this difference of color, and that
themselves were only of the common herd.
But here, in close proximity with confiscation
bills, and bills declaring by an act of Congiess all
the slaves of the country free, you offer by this to
introduce here a negro, it may be a worthy one, as
a foreign plenipotentiary, and make it our duty of
course to treat him as such. Now, what would
be my duty? Do you invite that people to send
their ministers here that lie may be insulted—in-
sulted by neglect? Even Mr. Adams thought it
not unworthy of him to write a book on the sort
of intercourse which ought to exist between mem-
bers ofthis Government and foreign ministers, and
all acknowledge the force of his views. By that
authority each of you should pay him the first
