1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mm
visit; your President must receive his visits, and
invite him with those of his diplomatic rank.
Mr. GOOCH. Allow me to interrupt the gen-
tleman just here, to request that I may be allowed
fifteen minutes after the gentleman closes his re-
niai ks.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object. If the gentleman
farms out the floor in this way, he must take the
consequence.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 put it to any gentle-
man here, whether North or South,could he per-
form that duty with any satisfaction. Would he
not,in performingit, violate the usages and man-
ners of his society aii(l life, and his own custom-
ary feelings of superiority? Few would do it.
The usages and manners of our own country,
stronger than laws, are against it, and it is vain to
argue against them. The negro may be a very
worthy man, may deserve all respect, but our
•manners, usages, prejudices, and pride, are all
against his recognition as an equal; and he knows
but little of human nature who can expect it.
Tlie spectacle of such a diplomatio.dignitary in
our country would I apprehend, be offensive to
the people for many reasons, and wound their
habitual sense of superiority to the African race.
I have, I hope,no uncommon degree of pride,
personally; but 1 have a great respect for the na-
tional pride of my conn try men and individual sense
of superiority, and I would not desire to see it un-
necessarily violated or abated.
But though I do not wish,especially at this time,
to change our relations with Liberia or Hayti, and
1 to bring to our capital negro embassador, who
could not be received and treated as the dignity
of their offices would require, yet. sir, I desire that
our Government should render them all the kind
services it can, rightfully and properly.
I am willing that the Governmentshould make
with these black communities the most favorable
and beneficial treaties. I desire their welfare. In
war I would protect Liberia against any ruthless
hands. The Liberians went from our country.
We sent them there,and ourmoney defrayed then-
expenses. We planted them there, and there I
would protect them.
But it seems to me to be altogether a facticious
proceeding, to raise at once to the stature of a na-
tion fifteen thousand American negroes and a lot
of savages. Why lias not this same sort of phi-
losophy taught us the same thing m reference to
the 1 ndians? I ask my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Thomas] if they are not a wronged race?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Certainly;
a wronged lace.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Undoubtedly they are.
We all agree upon that. Has not John Ross and
his Clieiokees as much or more intelligence than
the black race of Liberia or Hayti ? I do not feel
or speak in any contenyit of that race when 1 say
I think they have. Have we ever asked John
Ross and the Clierokees to form themselves into
a nation and let us send a minister to them ? Why
should notthesame philosophy also apply to other
Indian tribes' How many of these tiibes are
there? How many glonous little ministerial of-
fices there would be at our disposal. There is not
a gentleman among us who could not get a foreign
mission, for the tribes are endless in number.
Their relations, it is true, are quite intimate. We
have them under our tutelage. _ We ought to ad-
vance them ill the world; and if it is policy to do
it for Liberia or Hayti, why not convert our In-
dian tribes into nationalites, and send and receive
ministers ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GOOCH. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to occupy ten minutes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will be allowed ten minutes.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I certainly supposed
that such was the understanding1, as I should not
have occupied so much time.
Mr. GOOCH. Do I understand the gentleman
from Illinois to insist upon his objection.1'
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 do.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We will accom-
plish the matter in another way. I move to re-
considei the vote by which the main question was
ordeied to be put.
Mr LOVEJOY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps,of
Missouri, and Lovejoy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 70, noes 3; no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Did a quorum
vote on that motion?
The SPEAKER. A quorum voted. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion to reconsider. The
tellers will resume their places.
The tellers resumed their places, and the House
having divided, the tellers reported ayes—77,
noes 27.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled, an act (H. R. No. 281)
supplemental to an act granting the right of way
to the State of Missouri, and a portion of the pub-
lic lands, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State, approved June 10,1852; when
the Speaker signed the same.
IIAYTI AND LIBERIA AGAIN.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, I shall ask the
attention of the House for only a short time in
reply to the objections which have been urged
against this bill. The bill authorizes the estab-
lishment of diplomatic relations with Hayti and
Liberia, and provides that we shall send to each
of them a diplomatic agent with the rank of com-
missioner and consul general.
The amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] as I understand it, proposes that
we shall establish diplomatic relations with Hayti
and Liberia, and send to each of them a diplomatic
agent with the rank of consul general, with power
to negotiate treaties of commerce. The amend-
ment, as well as the bill, involves the recognition
of the independence of these two republics, the ne-
gotiations of treaties with them, and the sending
to them, by this Government, agents or represent-
atives clothed with diplomatic powers. Every
objection which has been urged against the bill
lies with equal force against this amendment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are, as I understand,
four grades of diplomatic agents recognized by
the leading nations of the world. Embassadors,
legates, and nuncios belong to the first class; en-
voys extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary
to the second class; ministers resident to the third
class; and charges d'affaires to the fourth class;
and every agent of any Government, clothed with
diplomatic powers, must be at least equal m rank
with the lowest of these grades. The commis-
sioners provided for in this bill will rank with
ministers resident. And it has long been settled
that diplomatic agents take rank among them-
selves, ill each class, according to the date of the
official notification of arrival in the country to
which they are accredited; so that it is only ne-
cessary toiitnow the rank and date of arrival of
any diplomdttc agent to assign him his proper
place; and these facts are as easily determined
with reference to a diplomatic agent from Hayti
and Liberia as from England and France. And
the same rules which are now applied to the rep-
resentatives of ourGovernmentand therepresent-
atives of Hayti in England and Fiance will be
applied here to the representatives of England and
France and the representatives of Haytft
But, Mr. Speaker, it does not follow that Hayti
must send us a diplomatic agent of the rank of
minister resident because we send to her an agent
of that rank. She can send us an agent of any
rank she pleases, or she may send us no agent at
all. The fact that wesend her a conimissionerdoes
not impose on her the necessity of sending to us
a diplomatic agent. She can determine that ques-
tion for herself, and decide as her interest or pleas-
uie may dictate. Butweaie bound to receive,
according to the well-established rules of nations,
such agent as she may send,and treat him accoid-
mg to his rank.
The amendment would give the representatives
of this Government to Hayti and Liberiaat least
the rank of charge d'affaires, or make them equal
in rank with the charge d'affaires.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts yield to me for a moment?
Mr. GOOCH. I will on that point.
Mr. LOVEJOY". I object to the gentleman's
yielding the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only yield
for personal explanation.
Mr. COX. The objection comes too iate. The
gentleman had yielded to me.
The SPEAKER. The objection is in tifae.
The floor cannot be yielded except for,personal
explanation, if any member objects. 1 ,
Mr. COX. I wish to explain personally and
myself, right here, what 1 mean by this amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to do that.
Mr. COX. My amendment provides for con-
suls, but gives them special powers to make a
special kind of treaty—a commercial treaty, to be
made by the consul. The consular office is de-
fined by all our books and by all our publicists.
It has not diplomatic functions; it has only com-
mercial powers, with certain rights which belong
to consuls everywhere, and which are laid down
in the books which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania quoted. The bill of the gentleman proposes
to send a commissioner, with full diplomatic
powers; and you may call him what you please,
charge, commissioner, or minister, yet, wh.en he
is delegated with diplomatic powers, then he has
all the povveis incident to ministers abroad, and
he represents the whole country there. He has a
certain inviolability that springs from his office as
minister which the consul has not..
Mr.LOVEJOY. I rise to apointtif order. The
remarks of the gentleman are not in the nature of
personal explanation, and, in the face of objectioli,
he is not entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. If I should make my remarks per-
sonal to the gentleman, I could very likely bring
myself in order.
"Mr. LOVEJOY. Youare very welcome to doit.
The SPEAKER. When a gentleman rises to
a question of order he has a right to state it. The
gentleman from Ohio is explaining his amend-
ment to the bill, in reply to some remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, made in comment-
ing upon it. The Chair does not see but that
that is proper, and within the rule.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the Chair decide that
it is in the nature of personal explanation ?
Mr. COX. It is not in order for the gentleman
to question the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Illinois, that when a gentleman
represents that his opinions have been misrepre-
sented or that the import of an amendment which
he has offeied has been misrepresented, lie has a
right to explain. That is what is meant by per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is hardly personal ex-
planation.
The SPEAKER. It comes within the rule.
Mr. COX. I hope the Chair will not allow the
gentleman to go on after the point of order lias
been decided.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was explaining
to the gentleman the construction of the rule on
which he decided, and that was his business.
Mr. COX. And now it is my business to ex-
plain this amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. COX. The point I wish to make is this:
that my amendment implies no return of a min-
ister, with diplomatic powers, from Liberia or
Hayti to this country, and that is the very point
tliat tho gentleman from Kentucky made, that we
are not bound toroceive ministers from them with
diplomatic powers. All that the amendment docs
is simply-to create the office of consul, and to give
him special powers to make a commercial treaty,
just exactly as Townsend Harris, while consul at
Japan, made a treaty there, having no diplomatic
functions, being simply consul, and regarded as
such both there and here.
Now, 1 ask the gentleman, if there is no differ-
ence between my amendment and his own bill,
why does not he take the amendment and give
the unanimous voice of this Congress to the mat-
ter, which ho seems to regard with so much in-
terest.
Mr. GOOCH. I prefer the bill in the shape in
which it passed the Senate rather than in the shape
in which the gentleman has put it by his amend-
ment. He proposes to send eonsuls to these re-
