APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
37th Com.... 2d Sess.
United States Notes—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
it no allegiance and no support. It was a mere
adventure, almost as much so as a voyage to Japan,
and its credit wfis based upon almost the same
considerations that control commercial credit.
" Public sympathy for the noble enterprise, pub-
lic affection and regard for the royal heroes ad-
ventured upon it, doubtless did very much to sus-
tain the notes of the Continental Congress—much
tlmt was not done for the assignats of the French
-Directory, or for the mandate of the French Con-
sulate; much that is not due for the scrip of the
confederate cabal.
Bat the main reason why credit was withheld
from the Continental money was that no provision
■was made for the interest, and the people did not
tetieve either principal or interest would ever be
■paid. Such is not the attitude of the Ame rican Go v-
ernment to-day. The people are not poor, lam
told they are worth $16,000,000,000. They arc
not exhausted'by a long-continued Nystem of op-
pressive taxation. They have paid no taxes ex-
cept by way ofduty on goods they have purchased
from othercountries; almost every doilarof which
we could dispense with, and yet not suffer. The
Government is not revolutionary; it is legitimate.
It is not gambling to acquire empire; it is defend-
ing its own existence. There is no reason for
distrusting its ability or good faith, and neither
its ability or good faith is distrusted.
It is objected that this measure is equivalent to
a confession of national bankruptcy. I deny it.
It is no more a confession of bankruptcy than is
the check your Merchant gives you on the bank
where ho makes his deposits, livery note which
the bill authorizes is a draft, drawn by the national
authority upon the national resources. The na-
tion has paid a debt with it. Every holder is em-
powered, in turn, to pay a debt with it. In the
course of circulation it may, and it probably will,
full into the hands of some one who has no debts
to pay. He may loan itcither to those who have
debts to pay or to the Government, which con-
stantly offers to borrow for the national use. At
some time during each year, every dollar of it will
be due to the Government, which issues it for
taxes we have already agreed to demand.
. It is said the measure is equivalent to a " forced
loan." Sir, 1 have said before, and 1 now repeat,
the loan is already forced. The equivalent for
every dollar of thin issue is already advanced to
the national use. It is advanced by labor instead
of by capital, by debtors instead of by creditors.
And the worst thaU'an lie said of the measure is
that it forces a loan from those whoso business it
is to jend, instead of from those whose necessities
require them to borrow, and it substitutes in the
portfolios of the creditor class the credit of the
nation for the credit of individuals.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] pro-
poses to amend this bill so as to authorize, the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell the public stocks
for whatever he may be offered for them; to go
into the market with the national credit, and to sell
it for whatever the crippled capital of the country
Chooses to offer for it; to fling the financial char-
acter of the Republic as a bone to be quarreled and
growled over by the bulls and bears of the stock
market. To that amendment I am opposed.
If you notify the capital of the country that you
arc prepared to pay for money whatever it is
pleased to exact, it will bo hoarded to await the
extremity of your distress. No man likes to sell
for less than ho buys. No man likes to buy for
more than his neighbors. And if wo advertise to
the world that, like any other spendthrift, we are
prepared to pay for money according to our ne-
cessities for it, no man will purchase our bonds
at ninety cents for fear we shall presently sell at
Seventy-five; and if we offer them at seventy-five
per cent, we give the best of assurances that we
will soon sell at fifty.
But if we say to the world at once that six per
cent, is all we will pay for money, and that when-
ever we cannot find money at six per cent, per
annum or men at thirteen dollars per month suf-
ficient for the war, the war must stop, every
man who has money to invest can make his elec-
tion to lend or not. But every man who lends at
par may feel secure that the Government itself is
not going to undersell to him. In the very com-
mencement of our difficulties, while the patriot-
ism of the country was at white heat, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury negotiated a small loan of
§5,000,000, and for that he obtained only about
ninety cents on the dollar. •
No one believes $50,000,000 could be negotiated
now at sixty cents. It is the experience of all
borrowers, that the more they offer the more will
be demanded. Besides, it ought to be remembered
that the Government, acting for those who have
entered the Army and those whohavc not, for those
who supply food and those who supply none—
acting both for labor and capital—has promised
that labor shall be paid a given sum for the work
of a soldier, for a barrel offlour, ora pair of boots.
Whatever is borrowed to meet these engagements
is borrowed upon the common credit; and if we
borrow upon the credit of the whole people
$10,000,000 to pay part of them $5,000,000, it is
very easy to see they are never paid in full.
Sir, if the Government lives—if the nation sur-
vives the perils which now beset it—every man
knows that the stocks of the United States bear-
ing interest at six per cent., will, in a few years,
command a large premium. Whoever, then, in-
vests his money now in such stocks, will, if the
Government lives, realize that profit, besides reap-
ing the earnings of his investment in the shape of
semi-yearly interest. That is enough.
But, it is said a large supply of stocks is to be
thrown upon the market, and capital will soon be
able to purchase them at large discount. It is true
the nation must borrow largely or tax beyond the
national ability. It is true the necessities of the
Government are great and pressing. But it is not
true that because our necessities are great, that
every sharper in the country should be invited to
speculate upon them. It is not true that we ought
to issue a letter of marque and reprisal to every
broker in the land to prey upon the exposed
resources of the people.
The Government will be under the necessity of
borrowing £500,000,000. For the use of that we
are willing to pay $30,000,000 perannum. If you
send your stocks to the auction block tlj^y will be
sold «tthesacrificeof$100,000,000. Every reverse
to your arms will bo the pretext for new exactions
upon your resources. Capital will follow your
armies as the crows do, and for the same purpose
—to fatten upon your disasters. It will chuckle
over your defeats because defeat will bring to it
new discounts. It will rejoice with you over the
final victory, because victory will bring to it the
rich harvest of all its investments.
It is s.ud that the demand for money is great,
and it must be allowed to profit by the opportu-
nity; that capital has the right to earn what it
can; to make the most of its advantages. I deny
it. The whole philosophy of Government denies
it; the whole practice of legislation denies it. The
legislation of all States denies to capital the right
to take more than agiven rate of interest, even from
individuals who borrow upon private account and
for private use. How much more'imperiously
should it deny the right to take more than a lim-
ited rate of interest upon loans, made for the com-
mon good of the nation, and to supply not the
means for a private speculation but the demands
of a public necessity. Iji the name of public
necessity we demand sacrifice of all but capital.
Why, then, in the name of that same necessity
should wo fling bonuses and profits to capital
alone? The experience of half a century has de-
monstrated that the use of money is not worth
more than six per cent.; that sum the Government
ought to pay. The same experience has demon-
strated that labor is worth thirteen dollars per
month; that sum the Government is paying for
the labor of half a million of men. No one pro-
poses to increase their pay. One would hardly
suppose it ought to be diminished; and yet if you
borrow money upon their credit, with which to
pay them, you actually do reduce their pay.
Mr. President, I have said that no one can suf-
fer from this measure if the Government survives
the struggle in which it is now engaged. AH the
notes it issues will be redeemed. All the money
it borrows will be repaid with interest.
But the statement suggests the possibility that
the Government may not survive. Let that be ad-
mitted. TheGovernmentjmn/notsurvivc. What,
then, it is asked, will become of the money loaned
to it, and of its notes outstanding?
I confess my apprehension that they will all be
lost. That will be the case, too, 1 apprehend, with
notes and money generally, let whoever will be
the maker, let whoever will be the borrower.
Sir, if one of your soldiers shrinks from duty,
and deserts his country's cause for fear of losing
his life, he is called a coward, and he is ignomin-
iously dismissed from his company, or shot in its
presence. By what fitting term, then, shall we
designate him who deserts his country in its great-
est need for fear of losing his money ? By what
penalties should he be visited?
Money and men alone do not constitute the
wealth of a nation. The genius, the generosity,
the courage, the intellect, and the patriotism of
the people are all national resources. In an emer-
gency like this the Government should not draw
upon one fund alone, but every fund should re-
spond alike. Surely avarice and cowardice should
not alone be exempt from the common burdens.
UNITED STATES NOTES.
SPEECH OP HON. J. E. DOOLITTLE,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the Senate, February 13, 1862.
The Senate having under consideration, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, the bill (H. It. No. 240) to authorize the
issue of United States notes, and for the redemption or fund-
ing thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the United
States—
Mr. DOOLITTLE said:
Mr. President: I regret exceedingly that this
bill for the issue of Treasury notes must be acted
upon before the tax hill comes from the other
House. If I could see the tax bill, and know to
a certainty that its provisions were sufficient to
sustain the credit of the Government, I should be
willing to vote for the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont, and allow this bill to
pass without making the notes to be issued under
it a tender in payment of debts, either public or
private. But, sir, that cannot be. The chairman
of the Committee on Finance informs us that there
is an absolute necessity for action on this bill this
week, and that the great measure of finance—the
tax bill—cannot come from the House of Repre-
sentatives for some weeks; and that this bill to
issue Treasury notes, either with or without the
legal tender clause, must be passed, or the Gov-
ernment cannot go on. I regret this, deeply re-
gret it. Words can hardly express that regret. I
declare for one, that if it were in mypowerl would
postpone this bill until the tax bill shall come from
the House of Representatives. I would see the
whole financial budget at once. I wish it had been
presented and opened on the first day of the ses-
sion, and pressed before, and even to the exclu-
sion of all else, until perfected. That ought to
have been done. If we pass this bill to issue
S100,000,000 to the Government, I fearthatin the
House of Representatives, relieved by this meas-
ure from the necessity of immediate action, con-
troversies may arise as to particular- objects of
taxation, and delay it there for a month, perhaps
two months, until this $100,000,000 is gone; and
then we shall bejust where we are now, with a new
and more insatiate necessity upon us demanding
of us a new issue of these legal tender Treasury
notes. I trust I am no alarmist, taking counsel of
my fears; but in this matter I confess that I do
fear that unless we have immediate action by both
Houses of Congress upon tlie-tax bill, the neces-
sity to which we yield to-day will grow with what
it feeds upon, to return upon us more exacting
and insatiate than ever.
I listened with great interest, as I confess I al-
ways do, to any remarks that fall from the hon-
orable Senator who addressed us yesterday, and
who sits before me, [Mr. Collamer.] It is not
enough for me to say that his speech was an able
one; it was a great speech on his side of the ques-
tion; and if it were possible for him to go with me
to the logical results of his own reasoning, and
the teachings of those authorities which he has
read, and stand upon what I believe was the ori-
ginal intention of the framers of this Government,
for a hard-money, constitutional currency, and
against all paper money whatever, I would go with
him with all my heart, and stand firmly by hisside.
Sir, all my teachings, I believe all the teachings of
