1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Otenerol Pope now advancing1 from New Madrid in strong
force to attack the rear, f am, with gunboats and mortars,
ready to attack in front. Buioid is ready to cooperate, but
it seems as if the piace is to be surrendered without further
defense. A. H. FOOTE,
Flag Officer, fyc.
The reading of the dispatch was received with
great applause on the floor of the House.
TAX BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to the bill
(H. R. No. 332) to provide internal revenue to
support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt.
Two hundred and ninety-third amendment:
Pag* 99, after line forty-nine, insert the following:
From and after the 1st day of May, 1862, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid by any person or persons own-
ing, possessing, or keeping a dog of any kind a tax for each
and every dog so owned .or kept one dollar.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I ask for a separate
vote on that amendment, and call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the consent of the House
to call the attention of the Committee of Ways
and Means to an amendment which I propose to
offer. It will be perceivcd that in the seventy-
eighth section there is no application to proprietors
of bridges of the penalty which is prescribed for
a failure to neglect to report on the part of railroad
companies and the proprietors of ferry boats. It
is obvious that the same penalty should be im-
posed. I have prepared an amendment with some
care which will meet the case. It is as follows:
on page 103, in line sixty-five, strike out the word
"or," where it occurs after the words "ferry
boats," and, aftrr the word 44 vessel," insert" or
bridges;" make the same amendment in line sev-
enty; and on page 104, in hue seventy-two, after
the word " passengers,"insert" or transit of pas-
sengers, beasts, carriages, teams, and freight."
The clause will then read:
And the owner, possessor, or person or persons having
the care or management of any <uch raihoads, ferry boats,
ve^eNjOr bridges as heieinbetoie described, shall, within
thirty days after the end of eueh and every month, com-
mencing as heretofore mentioned, make a list or return, and
render the sarrio to the assistant assessor of the respe< tive
dhinet* where fcueh raihoadi arc located, ot \vht*ie such
i<*rrv boat«, vessels, or bridges, a* aforo-said, belong, ol the
amount ofgioss receipt-* derived ftom carrying pa^engcrs
or trniHii ol pasMftnuers, beast**,cantages, te,Hu-, and freight,
in any manner i\s  foret>aid, together with the amount ot
duties which havo ncnued or should acciue, which ti^t oi
return shall bo verified bv onth or affirmation of the ovvn-
ets. possessors, agent", or proper officer of said firms, com-
panies or eorp'M.ni(ni«, m inannei and foim fiom time to
time to be prescribed by the Ooimnr-Monerof fntermil Rev-
enue, under the direction of the Secretary of the 'treas-
ury, Stc.
Mr. STEVENS. That seems to be right.
There being no objection, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DELANO. I also move to insert,after the
word " court," in line ninety-nine, on page 105,
the following:
And a like penalty for cach neglect to account for the
full monthly tolls accruing fiorn the transit of passengers,
beasts, carnages, teaim, and tieiglit, a.-> aloie&aid.
Bo that it will read:
And in ea<s«  ol' fiaud or evasion, whereby the revenue is
attempted to be defrauded oi the duty withheld, said owii-
ei-, po>et.jt>i>ors, oi pci.-on or persons having the eaie or
management ot sueli fn mt , companies, or coi porations shall
he subject to and pav a penalty often dollars for each pas-
senger earned and not piopetly accounted for, or to a pen-
alty ol £1,000, at the d^cietion ot the eomt; and a like
penalty tor « aeh neglect to account fot the lull monthly tolls
accruing Iiom the tran-it of passenger-?, beasts, carriages,
team-, and height, as aloie.-aid.
The amendment was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire to call the attention
of the House to an amendment which I think ought
to be made. It is on page 3 of the bill, and ni the
second scction. By an amendment to that section
we limited the number of collection districts to the
number of Representatives in Congress and Del-
egates. I think we ought to except the Territo-
ries from that rule. 1 ask, therefore, unanimous
consent to strike out the words " and Delegates."
1 here was no objection, and the amendment
was made.
Three hundred and forty-second amendment:
In line lour of section eighty-five, after the words " per
centum," insert the words :
The net only of gains, profits, or Incomes shall be esti-
mated, (but personal or family expenses and interest on the
value of land, shall not be deducted in estimating such net
gains, profits, or incomes,) and. ^
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask unanimous
consent to insert, after the word "land, "the words
" or other productive capital out of which such
income is derived." 1 think it only just and
proper that those words should be inserted.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Instead of doing that, I think
we had better reject the whole amendment. I ask
a separate vote upon it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. After the word " criminal,"
in line one hundred and ninety-eight of schedule
B, the words " or other" should be inserted, so
that the clause will read:
Provided, That no writ, summons, or other ptocess issued
by a justice of the pcace, or issued m any criminal or other
suits commenced by the United States or any State, shall
be subject to the payment of stamp duties.
The amendment was agreed to; there being no
objection.
' Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to go back to section ninety-
three, on page 125, to offer an amendmentto which
1 called the attention of the House the other day.
There was no objection. ■
Mr. HICKMAN. I think the defacing of
stamps is not sufficiently provided for in that sec-
tion, but that any stamp which has been used and
canceled may be used a second time. I move to
strike out the words " or deface the same in such
a manner as to show clearly and distinctly that
such stamp has been made use of, and," and to
insert at the end of the fifth line, the following:
" and the date upon which the same shall be at-
tached or used;" so that the section will read:
That in any and all cases wheie an adhe>ivc stamp shall
be used for denoting any duty imposed by this act, except
a1* hereinafter piovided for in section one hundred ami one
ol this act, the pert-oil u^ingor allixinsj the same shall write
thereupon the initial* of his name, and the date upon which
the same shall be attached or used, so that the same may
not again bo used.
It will be seen that a stamp canceled as is pro-
vided for in the section as it stands, is just in a con-
dition to bo used again when the paper upon which
it has been placed has performed its office.
The amendment was agreed to.
ISLAND NUMBER TEN AGAIN.
Mr. COLFAX. The War Department have
received a later dispatch from Island No. 10,
which [ ask the Clerk to road.
The Ole k read, as follows:
Received 12 noon.
Watson's Landing, Tennessee, dipril 8.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of I Fur :
Enemy <;vacuatcd island No. 10 last night. 11 is occupied
by Colonel Buford, twenty-seventh Illinois. General Pope
wilt captuie all that leinams on the highlands to-day. The
movement oil rem has done the work.
THOS. A. SCOTT, .Assistant Secretary.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a bill (S. No. 123) to extend the provisions of the
act of August 4, 1852, entitled " An act to grant
the right of way to all rail and plank roads," &c.,
for the term of five years, and to amend the same;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vei mont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to reduce the tax
upon playing cards from twenty cents to ten cents.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
Mr. POTTER. 1 now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to amend the seventy-third sec-
tion by striking out, in the three hundred and
tenth line the words, "and one half," so that the
clau.se will read, "on bend, butt, and harness
leather, one cent pei pound."
There was no objection, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union having
now been disposed of, the question recurred on
the following amendment proposed by Mr. Blair,
of Missouri, before the main question was ordered:
Sr:c. — .4nil he it further enacted, That any person who
shall claim to own the tci\ice or lahoi An life of any per-
son under the laws of any State, shall pay on account of
the service of each person &o lieid the &um of two dolkus.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Babbitt, Baxter, Bca-
mait, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Campbell,
Claik, Clements, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe
Conkling, Covode, Davis, Dawes, Duel!, Edgerton, Eliot,
Feasendeu, Giuley, Ilanchctt, Hickman, Keiley, Francis
W. Kellogg, Kilhnger, Lansing, Loomis, McPherson,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson I\ Morrill, Justin S. Morrill*
Qlm. Patton, Pike, John II. llice, Edward H. Rollins,
Shanks, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldmg, Stevens, Van Valk-
enburgh, Verree, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Wheeler, Wil-
son, and Windom—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Baker, Biddle, Bingham,
Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Calvert,
Chamherlin, Cobb, Coming, Cox, Cravens, Crittenden, De-
laplaine, Diveu, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards, English, Fisher,
Frank, Gianger, Grider, Haight. llale, Hall, Harding, Har-
rison, Hooper, Ilorton, Ilutchms, Julian. K>uigan, Kimpp,
Law, Leary, Lehman, Lovejov, Maliory, Menzies, Noble,
Noel!, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Perry, Timothy G.
Phelp?, Pomcroy, Poiter, Potter, Price, Alexander H.itice,
Riddle, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sheffield, Shdlaharger,
Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiatton,
Beniamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Val-
landigham, Van Horn, Wadsworth, Webster, Albert S.
White, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, and Wright—75.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BIDDLE said: My colleague, Mr. An-
cona, requested me to state the cause of his ab-
sence It is generally known to the House that
the Pennsylvania delegation has suffered a loss of
one of its members. The event will be announced
to the House at the proper time. Mr AnconaIs
absent attending the funeral of his friend and col-
league. Mr. Johnson's absence is occasioned by
the same cause.
Mr. WORCESTER stated that he had paired
off upon this question with Mr. Cpjsfield, or he
should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MORRIS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Cutler, or he should have voted no."
Mr. BINGHAM announced that Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, was called home on Friday last on ac-
count of sickness in his family.
Mr. KNAPP stated that Mr. Robinson was
absent in consequence of sickness in his family.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, made a similar state-
ment with regard to Mr. Walton, of Maine.
Mr. CLARK stated that Mr. Fenton was ab-
sent on account of sickness.
The result having been announced as above re-
coided, the question recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not quite sure, Mi*.
Speaker, whether I have a right to make a few
remarks before the final vote is taken on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes that the
gentleman is late in claiming his right to close the
debate. If there be no objection the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not occupy many min-
utes m consequence of the indulgence which the
House has given me. I have a few ideas to ex-
press.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not lise to object to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania making his re-
maiks, but I wish to ask the House to peimitmc
to make a motion to strike out the duty on salt,
and have the yeas and nays upon it. 1 want this
as a matter of justice to the country at large.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has been granted the privilege of closing
debate on the hill, and is entitled to the floor, un-
less he yield to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not object to that; I
am willing to hear the gentleman all day. I only
want to have the duty on salt struck out.
Mr. COLFAX. And I would like to have the
duty on advertisements struck out.
Mr. STEVENS. We are now about to takn
final action on this important bill. If it should
become a law, it will undoubtedly be a subject of
comment among well-meaning people,and be used
as an engine of mischief by unprincipled men,
who prefer thepossessionofpowertothe prosper-
ity of their country. These remarks are not sug-
gested by the conduct of any of the members of this
House. I take pleasure in saying that in the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means there was the entire
absence of all party feuhng, and the most cordial
desire of every member to promote the public
welfare. And i have a strong hope that the same
spirit m this House will give this measure a unan-
