1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 sm
Mr. GOOCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the biil was passed; andalso moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOARD OF FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that House
bill No. 470, authorizing the appointment of a
board of fortifications to provideforthe sea-coast
and other defenses of the United States, and for
other purposes, made the special orderinthe Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
to-day, be postponed until Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
SHIP CANAL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs House bill No. 288, to construct a
ship canal for the passage of armed naval vessels
from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and
for other purposes, with amendments; which was
recommitted to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
NEW ORLEANS MINT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to remove the branch mint
of the United States from the city of New Orleans
to the city of St. Louis; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
CAVALRY ADJUTANTS AND QUARTERMASTERS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill relating to adjutants and
quartermasters of regiments of cavalry; which
was read a first and second time, and leferred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
APPEALS AND WRITS OF ERROR.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill concerning appeals and writs
of error; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
PATENT OP ETINNE BERNARD.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to confirm and establish a patent heretofore
granted to Etmne Bernard, dated the 21th day of
July, in the year 1860, and to secure to George
Summerville Morris, thp assignee of said patent,
the benefit of the full term for which said patent
was granted; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Patents.
PAY OF RECRUITING EXPENSES.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to ^by for the recruiting of volunteers under
the authority of the Secretary of War; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
CHARTER OF VESSELS, ETC.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to say to the House
that tiie Committee on Public Expenditures have
for some time had under consideration the subject
of frauds committed in the charter of vessels for
the use of the Government, and they have author-
ized me to report a bill upon that subject. 1 will
state that upon examining into the matter we find
that quite a number of vessels have been chartered
at one price and furnished for the use of the Gov-
ernment at another and a much larger price. We
have taken testimony upon the subject on board
of vessels, and we find that in this way extensive
frauds have been perpetiated upon the Govern-
ment. I have consulted the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, who has prepared this bill, and he has held
up a large sum of money claimed to be due for
vessels chartered under these circumstances. 1
have shown this bill to the Secretary of War, who
has filled it up with the proper officer to take testi-
mony upon the subject.
The SPEAKER.' Does the gentleman desire
to introduce the bill?
Mr. COYODE. I do.
Mr. HOLM AN. For what purpose?
Mr. COYODE. To put it on its passage. I
will state that the payment of a large sum of
money has been stopped at the Department, and
it is necessary that there should be immediate
action upon the bill.
Mr. COX. I will not object to the introduction
of the bill, if the gentleman will allow it, with the
testimony he has taken, to be printed, so that we
may vote upon it intelligently. If he has taken
testimony, he surely ought to have it printed.
Mr. COYODE. The testimony to which I
have referred was not taken by the committee on
the conduct of the war, but by the Committee on
Public Expenditures.
Mr. HICKMAN. I must object to the report
being made at this time.
Mr. COYODE. I ask Ifeave, then, to have the
bill printed.
Leave was granted, no objection being made.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I submit^the following
privileged resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Congress
adjourn on Monday, the 16th ot'June, 1862.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. That is no
privileged resolution. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair the other day
indicated his opinion that such a resolution did
not involve a privileged question, but the House
decided to receive it as a privileged question; the
Chair will therefore entertain the resolution.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I call for the previous
question upon its adoption.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
DISTRICT JAIL, PENITENTIARY, ETC.
Mr. STEYENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the Houcs
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Strat-
ton in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of House bill No. 470, to authorize the
Secretary of the Interiors in conjunction with the
mayors of Washington and Georgetown, to locate
and contract for the construction of a penitentiary,
jail, and house of correction in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. PIKE addressed the committee on the sub-
ject of the reciprocity treaty [His speech will be
published m the Appendix.] .t
Remarks general in their nature were then made
by Messrs. WARD, COX, and WHALEY.
[Their remarks will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. McPHERSON obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. HOLMAN, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Kellogg, of
Illinois, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Strattok reported thattheCommit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had theUnion generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No.
470, relative to the construction of a jail, peniten-
tiary, and house of correction for tiie District of
Columbia, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
PURCHASE OF ANNALS OF CONGRESS, ETC.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution, for
the purpose of reference to the Committee on
Printing:
Whereas this House, on the 29th (lay of May, A. D. 1862,
passed the following! evolution, " Resolved, That the Cioik
or'the House ofRepieucntatives he directed to piocuie irom
the publishers, foi the use ol the House library, at a cost
not exceeding what has heretofoie been paid loi the <*aid
work, one huadied copies or icts of the Annals of Con-
gress and Register of Debate-?, and pay for the same out of
the eontimient fund of the House: Piovided, That the
copies or set* remaining in the hands ot the proprietors
dftei the execution of this resolution fhall not be -sold or
d is-po-ri! ot until they shall have been offeied to Congiess;"
The>eioic\
Rcsotced, That the foregoing resolution be, and the same
is here by, ic^eindcd.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
PURCHASE 01? THE BLUE BOOK.
Mr. ASHLEY asked the consent of the House
to introduce the following: resolution, for the pur-
pose of reference to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, Tliat the Clerk ol the Houso of Kepresentativea
be authorized and required to purchase copies of the
Blue Book, or Official Register of Officers, Ciyil, Military,
and Naval, in the Seivice of tiie United Stales, correetcd
to June, 1869, of J. D. DisturnelJ, at a price not to exceed
$1 50 per copy, for the use of members and officers of the
House oi Representatives, and to pay for tiie same out of
the contingent fund.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I "object.
Mr. HICKMAN moved that the House ■ad-
journ. -
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes before five o'clock, p. m.) the Housg
adjourned.
IN SENATE.,
Wednesday, June 4,1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the reading of the Journal will be dis-
pensed with. The Chair hears no objection.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to correct a state-
ment made by me in my remarks on the 9th of
May in regard to the Ohio volunteers. In vindi-
cating the seventy-first regiment of Ohio volun-
teers, I made this statement:
" It is cliaiged that the colonel, at the first fire of the en-
emy, left the field, and was not seen by his regiment duiing
the battle."
Injustice to the officer, whom I know person-
ally and whom I esteem highly, I feel bound to
say that recent official papers, and especially the
statement of Colonel Mason himself, certified to
by the officers of-the regiment, relieve him from
the imputation which I quoted. I did not intend
to sanction it by my quoting it; but now, in order
to do justice to Colonel Mason, I feel bound to say
that the published statement made by him shows
that he remained with his regiment and performed
his duty on that day. 1 will also state that the
official documents, which I had not then before
me, but have since seen, do not sustain the charge
I quoted.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Interior, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 30th of May, information in rela-
tion to the imprisoning of soldiers and volunteers
in the penitential y of the District of Columbia;
which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, of Massachu-
setts, was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, m compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 2d instant, copies of commissions and
instructions of the War Department to lion. Ed-
ward Stanly, military GovernorofNorth Carolina,
and Hon. Andrew Johnson, military Governor of
Tennessee; which, on motion of Mr. Sumn'er, were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented the memorial of
E. Leutze, artist of the Capitol extension, pray-
ing that the work on the picture " Emigration to
the West" may be exempted from the restriction
imposed by the joint resolution removing the su-
perintendency of the Capitol extension to the De-
partment of the Interior, and that the Secretary of
the Interior may be authorized to continue the pay-
ments thereon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citizens
of Crestline, Ohio, praying for the enlargement of
the locks of the Erie and Oswego canals to a size
sufficient to admit the passage of vessels adequate
to the defense of the northwestern lakes; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of Eben
S. Coffin, of Boston, praying for the passage Of
an act for the payment of claims for spoliations
committed by the French prior to 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table, the bill on that subject
having been postponed to the next session.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. TRUM BULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
