1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
37th Cong....2d Sess.
United States Notes—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
history, prove that a disordered paper currency is
the greatest of all evils that ever afflicted a civilized
nation, except the greater evil of war. What he
showed yesterday from the debates in the conven-
tion which fortned the Constitution demonstrates
as clear as the daylight that the men who made
it intended to have no money but gold and silver,
and that no paper money should bo issued under
the authority of the States, or of the Federal Gov-
ernment either. Vexed and goaded as they had
been by paper money, having drank of its bitter-
ness to the very dregs, they met, in that conven-
tion, hard-money men. They had learned from
experience what all philosophy teaches, that a
thing lo be done is not yet done; that the future is
not the present; that a mere promise to pay money
is not money itself.
What he read from the debates of those groat
men showed clcarly theirintention. Gouvcrneur
Morris declared that " the moneyed interest will
oppose the plan of Government, if paper emis-
sions be not prohibited." Mason declared "he
had a mortal hatred to paper money." Ellsworth
thought it " a favorable moment to shut and bar
the door against paper money." "Paper money,"
said another, "can in no case be necessary."
Wilson would " remove the possibility of paper
money." Randolph expressed "his antipathy
to paper money." Langdon " had rather reject
the whole plan than retain the three words 'and
emit bills;'" and Read thought those words as
alarming " as the mark of the beast in Revela-
tion." Thai intention was to give to the Fed-
eral Government complete control not only of
weights and measures—of the pound, the bushel,
and the yard-stick—but the power to fix the stand-
ard of value, the medium of exchange, for pro-
ducts and services, as well as for the payment of
debts, and that that standard should be fixed in
gold and silver coin only. And it is equally cer-
tain, m my opinion, that they intended to provide,
and believed they had provided, against the pos-
sibility of paper money, to be issued under either
State or Federal authority. Had their intentions
been carried out; had-we always held fast to the
constitutional currency; had not paper money,
under both Federal and State authority, become
the actual currency of our people; had we to-day
no other currency but gold and silver, I could not
tolerate the idea of passing this bill for a single
moment. The Secretary of the Treasury and the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Finance
would appeal in vain to me to vote for this bill,
with or without the legal tender clause. Were
such the actual condition of things, I would much
sooner support the measure' proposed by the Sen-
ator from New York, and put our bonds in the
market for coin only, if they did not bring over
seventy-five cents on the dollar, than to issue these
Treasury notes to go into and become a part of
the paper currency of the country.
But, sir, such is not our condition; we are in
the midst of a gigantic war; we cannot go back;
we must go forward; we must go through; we
must start from where we are, and not from where
we would be; we must behold the real necessities
of our position as it is, and not as we would have
it, and look those necessities squarely in the face.
The truth is, while in theory the only money
of our people is gold and silver, the fact is other-
wise. It is almost exclusively of paper. Ay,_
sir, at this moment it is the irredeemable paper ot
suspended bank corporations. Most unfortunately
paper money does now exist, and has existed so
many years in this country, issued under the sanc-
tion of State authorities in violation, as 1 admit,
of the spirit and intentions of those who framed
the Constitution, that a man must be blind indeed
who would not now, in time of war, m a measure
of practical legislation recognize the stubborn fact
that these banking corporations, created by the
States, so long acquiesced in by this Government,
have become great and powerful institutions, and
have practically displaced the currency of the Con-
stitution by substituting in its stead thcirown pa-
per money. At all times, it is much the greater
part of our circulating medium, and when, in times
of panic and disaster, conies suspension of specie
payments, it becomes our only currency, such
is our condition now.
What shall we do? We must have deeds, not
words; facts, not theories. Shall we send our
bonds abroad to be sold for gold? Wecouldnot
sell tliem now if we would, except at most ruin-
ous rates. The time has not come for that. With
a single exception, we have not the sympathies of
the great foreign Powers. We are too great, too
gigantic in all our proportions, to expect or to re-
ceive their sympathy. We must command their
respect. When we put down this rebellion, they
will know, judging our future by our past, that we
are to become the greatest and most powerful na-
tion of the earth—like unto the man-child of proph-
ecy, " in righteousness making war and peace,"
ruling yet, it may be, the nations with a rod of
iron, and maintaining on sea and land the freedom
of the world. Sir, that time may bo near at hand;
but it is not yet. We must crush this rebellion;
we must crush this rebel army near Washington;
we must crush them in Kentucky and Tennessee;
and I believe that, under God, we shall do it. We
may not close the war as soon as some of our
sanguine friends predict; but we can break their
power in the next three months; and then our
bonds will command any amount of money in
Europe. Then, if we do not have their sympa-
thies, we shall command their respect and regain
their confidence. We must win victories; we must
restore State governments in North Carolina and
Tennessee to "the loyal people there, whose ago-
nizing prayers are going up to heaven for our
success. Thank God, even in Alabama the people
wept for joy at the sight of the old flag, and thou-
sands there are ready to enlist under it, and fight
for its rightful supremacy.
But the question returns, what shall we do now?
Wc cannot sell our bonds abroad. The paper
money issued by banking corporations is all, or
nearly all, the money our own people have. Shall
we sell our bonds for the paper money of suspended
banks' No, sir; no man will advocate that.
The only alternative is to issue these Treasury
notes, which will go into the circulation of the
countiy as a part of its currency. If, as I have,
said, the question now were whether we should
begin to%uild up a paper currency in this coun-
try, or hold fast to the currency of the Constitu-
tion, 1 would oppose this measure. But we cut
our moorings from the solid ground long, long
ago. We have been embarked upon a sea of pa-
per money for years. We have suffered period-
ically financialcrashesand revulsions, tossed upon
its uncertain waves, blown up and down by the
breath of speculation. We are still at sea, and in
the beginning of a terrific financial storm, and the
question is whether we shall seize the rudder and
direct the ship, or suffer it to go without direction,
to founder and make shipwreck of all public and
private securities and values, to become the prey
and spoils of wreckers along the shore.
The simple question which presses upon us in
this extremity is, whether wc shall rule this cur-
rency created by these corporations, in violation,
in my opinion, ofthe original intention ofthcCon-
stitution of the United States, oi v/hether they
shall rule us.
For their good, for the security of all, as well
as for its own safety, this Government must as-
sert its constitutional authority over the currency
of the country in some practicable way, and it
seems to me that the mode proposed in this bill
is the simplest and most direct m the present ex-
igencies, as a temporary measure, until the great
measure of finance, the tax bill, can be perfected
and set in operation.
The argument of the Senator from Ohio is ex-
ceedingly powerful. He shows that it is impos-
sible for us now to sell our bonds in our own
market, because gold has been almost banished
from circulation by the paper money of bank cor-
porations; and since they have suspended specie
payments gold has disappeared altogether, and
unless you issue these notes, receivable in pay-
ment for the bonds which you propose to sell, it
is impossible for our citizens to purchase them
at all; and therefore, without this measure, it he-
comes impossible to go on. You cannot make
loans unless these notes be issued, nor can the
people pay their taxes to this Government.
I confess that I should prefer to have this legal
tender clause so amended as to apply only to
debts hereafter contracted. I believe the effect
upon the value of the notes would bo substan-
tially the same. If made a tender in all contracts
hereafter made, the banks, as a matter of course,
will be compelled to receive them, or to stop do-
ing business. If not made a tender in payment of
debts already existing, that will avoid the great
objection urged against this clause by the Senator
from Vermont, that it is a violation of plighted
faith between man and man, and may avoid hav-
ing the constitutional question presented to the
courts.
In what I have said I desire not to be misun-
derstood. While I agree that, as an original prop-
osition, I would hold that the emission of all bills
of credit—paper money of any sort—by States, or
by corporations created under State authority, or
by theGovernmentof the United States, would be
a violation of the Constitution of the United States,
still long acquiescencc, the decisions of State
courts, the decision of the United State Supreme
Court in the case of Briscoe against the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, in relation to issues made by
the Bank of Kentucky, seem practically to have
settled the question the other way. When the
case to which I have just referred was first argued
before the Supreme Court, when Chief Justice
Marshall was upon the bench, a majority of the
court were prepared to decide that bank notes
issued by a Stale bank were bills of credit issued
indirectly by the State within the. meaning of the
Constitution of the United States, and therefore
unconstitutional; and yet before the case came on
to be decided, the court had changed in its mem-
bers, and the opinion of the majority was the other
way. Mr. Justice Story, in his dissenting opin-
ion, held that they were precisely as much bills
of credit when issued by a corporation created by
a State, as if they had been issued by the State
itself. That decision was made so long ago; it has
been acquicsced in so long; so many banks have
arisen under it under the laws of dillerent States;
our currency has become in fact so much a cur-
rency of paper; such is the existing state ol things;
our money, in fact, being paper money, that we
cannot now, in this struggle of the Government
for existence, go back to the old doctrines of the
Constitution upon finance, and fight this great
battle with gold and silver alone. It has become
an impossibility. It is necessary, therefore, for
us to seize the currency of the country as it exists,
regulate it, and coerce it into the service of the
Government.
The evil feared by those who made the Consti-
tution was paper money. What was sought to be
provided against was paper money; and if the
Constitution has been violated, it is so violated
by the long and almost universal use of paper
money. The power to regulate the standard of
value is clearly given to this Government, and if
it has long acquiesced in allowing bank corpora-
tions to coin paper money, it is no additional vio-
lation ofthe spirit of the Constitution to regulate
its value, by taxation or otherwise.
" Bills of credit," says Justice Story, " signify
a paper medium intended to circulate between in-
dividuals, for the oidin.iry purposes of society."
" If the prohibit ion means anything.—if the words
are not empty sounds—it must comprehend the
emission of any paper medium by a State govern-
ment, for the purposes of common circulation."
It was not names, but things—not shadows, but
realities—that the Constitution intended to pro-
hibit. It was to prevent the issue of floods of
paper money as currency, in any and m every
form, dircotly or indirectly. Look for one mo-
ment at the shifts and devices under which States
are emitting bills of credit by millions upon mil-
lions ! Tlicy first issue their stock, in sums from
<5100 upwards, and then provide that if a banking
association will deposit these stocks with their
bank comptroller, lie may register and issue small
notes to the amount of the value of the stocks
ie°-istered and counteisigned under State author-
ity. Wide as the departure 1ms been from the. ori-
ginal intention of those who made the Constitu-
tion, we cannot ignore the fact that at this very
time, when theGovernmentisusingsuch vastsums
of money—nearly two millions every day-—the
money of our people is the paper money of bank
corporations; and this Government must regulate
and master it, or succumb and be mastered by it.
The great objection to paper money is that it
keeps tile standard ot value in constantiluctu&Uon,
expanding and contracting like an India-rubber
