556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January BO,
jected to the influences which may be brought to
bear upon them—duress, frauds, &c.—which the
lust of gain may Induce persons to exorcise, in an
endeavor to procure their transportation for sale,
and their consent thereto.
The committee would not consent that a negro
should be brought from the coast of Africa to be
sold with or without his consent, and they would
not be in favor of transporting and selling a white
man against his consent, or even with it, or under
a pretense of his will having been obtained.
ALLOTMENTS 0"F PRISONERS* PAY.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous conscnt
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 41) in. relation to allotment tickets of pay to
persons held as prisoners of war in the so-called
confederate States; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. RICE. I ask, if the rules will admit, that
this joint resolution be considered now; for I think
the commissioners just appointed by the Secre-
tary of War, to go down to admister to the com-
forts of the prisoners, can perform theduties named
in this resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which requires the Secretary of
War to procure from such officers and enlisted
men of the United States Army as arc now or here-
after may be held as prisoners of war in the so-
called confederate States, from time to time, their
respective allotments of pay to their families or
friends, certified'by them m writing, and duly at-
tested, in pursuance of such orders as may be
made by the Secretary of War for that purpose,
and upon which certified allotment ho is to causc
drafts to he made payable in New York to the
order of the persons to whom the allotments were
or may be made, and to remit those drafts to the
address of such person as may be designated in
the allotment tickets.
Mr. HALE. If it will not mar or interfere with
the object of the mover of (ho resolution, I should
K'efer to have those allotment, tickets made paya-
c in New York or Boston.
Mr. RICE. 1 will say to the honoiable Sen-
ator that this resolution reads precisely as the bill
did which wc passed the other day in regard to
volunteers now in the service. I followed the lan-
guage of that bill in framing this resolution. I
have no objection, however, to such an amend-
ment; buti fear it may give trouble at the Depart-
ment.
Mr. HALE. You know, Mr. President, that
drafts on Boston would be very much more ac-
ceptable to New F.ngland soldiers than drafts on
New York.
Mr. RICH. I hav no objection to that mod-
ification. I accept jt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made if there be no objection.
The joint resolution wan reported to the .Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
.in. The resolution was ordered to he engrossed
for a thiid reading, was read the thud time, ami
passed. •
DEAF AND DUMB AND TUB BLIND.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate take up
for consideration a bill which I tlunk will give
rise to no debate whatever. It is the bill S. No.
#0, providing an appropriation for the benefit of
the Institution for the insti action of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind in this District. It is vciy
desirable, that this bill should be passed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Commit!ee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 81)) to amend (£ An act to incor-
porate the Columbian Institution for the instruc-
tion of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind," and to
make appropriations for the benefit thereof. It
proposes to appropriate $4,400 per annum, pay-
able quartcily, for the payment of salaries and
incidental expenses of that institution, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1863; and the sum of $9,000
for the erection, furnishing, and fitting up of two
additions to the buildings of the institution. It
also proposes to appropriate §25,000 for the pur-
chase of additional land for the use and occupancy
of the institution; the terms of the purchase* to be
submitted to, and to be approved by, the Secre-
tary of the Interior. All receipts and disburse-
ments under this act are to be reported to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, as required by the sixth
| section of the act to which it is an amendment.
The Committee on the District of Columbia re-
ported in favor of striking out the third section,
i which proposes to appropriate $25,000 for the
; purchase of additional land for the use and occu-
! pancy of the institution; which was agreed to.
: The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred in; the bill was
i ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;and
i it was read the third time, and passed.
| OBITUARY OF%SICNATOR BAKER.
I Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to dispose
| of a resolution that came last week from the Com-
j mittee on Printing, with regard to the obituary
i notices or eulogies upon the late Senator Baker.
' The resolution was reported without recommend-
ation, and I should like to have the Senate dispose
of it. I move to take it up.
The motion wasagiced to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, Thai five ihou^md copies of the piocccdhtgs
of the Senate on the occasion of the Jinmnineement of the
decease of the late Senator Baker be printed for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I am sorry to interpose an objec-
tion to the printing of this document; but I am
obliged to do so in order to be consistent. I have
uniformly voted against the publication in book
form of speeches made on the announcement of
deaths; and it will not do to make an invidious
distinction. No man better appreciated the late
General Baker than I did. My relations with him
were of the most friendly and intimate character.
No man deplored his untimely death more than I
did. But 1 am opposed to this resolution.because
if we do this we must publish the speeches on the
death of Mr. Bingham and on the death of Mr.
Douglas.
Mr. CLARK. Those on the death of Mr. Doug-
las have been published.
Mr. HALE. I was notpresentwhen that vote
was taken. If I had been, I should have voted
against that proposition. I voted against publish-
ing the speeches on Mr. Clay, and against all such
propositions that have been offered. They have
been defeated frequently; sometimes they have
passed; 1 hope the Senate will not pass such a
resolution now. Having said this, I am content.
Mr. McDOUGALL. " While I agree with the
Senator from New Hampshire that, as a general
rule, the publication in the proposed form of these
discourses would be both in bad taste and uncalled
for, yet there arc proper exceptions. There are
special reasons why the Senate should do all it can
do in the way of commemorating and dignifying a
noble man who was not only a Senator upon this
floor, but who went out, into our war and fell in
action. There are some extraordinary reasons in
this ease that do not belong to ordinary questions
of this character. I agree with the Senator from
New Hampshire that, except for special causes,
these rulogmms should not be published by spe-
cial order of the Senate; but if there evcrlias been
a ease in the Senate from its organization until this
day, the ease now before us is one that justifies
such a publication. While 1 agree with the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire as to the rule, I insist
upon the exception.
Mr. HALE. No rule can be enforced if it is to
give way continually to exceptions. Sir, as I said
before, no man has a higher appicciation of the
just fame of the gallant dead than I have; but the
fame and the memory of General Baker do not
depend upon the eloquent harangues which were
made here in the Senate by the eloquent Senator
from California and the polished Senator from
Massachusetts. His fame and memory rest on a
more endunng basis. They rest on the eloquence
of his life and the still more sublime eloquence of
his death. It is idle to think that by any such pro-
ceeding as this wc can add one jot or tittle to his
just and honest fame, or to the aflectionate remem-
brance in which he will ever be held in the hearts
of the American people. And, sir, it is in such
instances as this, and on such occasions as this,
that the Senate can manifest its consistency, and
set an example winch shall be a rule for all coming
time, because hereafter it will be said, " if the Sen-
ate refused in such a ease as that to publish the
obituary speeches, it is idle to hope that on any
other occasion they will." I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, if it be in
order, I would suggest an amendment to the reso-
lution, so as to include the proceedings that were
had in the Senate on the occasion of the announce-
ment of the death, of my predecessor, Mr. Bing-
ham.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I propose that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed to
amend the resolution, by including, also, the name
of " Kinsley S. Bingham."
Mr. HOWARD. 1 have nothing to say upon
the amendment, Mr. Piesident, but this: that it
would seem to be as lit to embrace the name of
my respected predecessor in this resolution as that
of General Baker, and 1 hope the mover of the
resolution will accept the amendment, if he sees
no objection to it. Certainly, Mr. Bingham was a
very worthy gentleman, and as worthy of remem-
brance as any other member of the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The mover of the origi-
nal resolution is not in his seat—General Lane,
-of Kansas.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a word upon
the general subject, and I suppose I may as well
say it upon the amendment as upon the resolution
itself. Several years ago, Mr. President, we had
the fashion in this body, whenever a Senator died,
of publishing the speeches upon the occasion in a
book, and binding it and getting up quite a pretty
little volume, elegantly printed and elegantly
bound, with something on the outside of the book
to give it a character 
Mr. FOSTER. A portrait of the Senator also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sometimes a portrait
of the Senator. I do not know how much they
cost; probably the chairman of the Committee
on Printing can tell us how much the estimate is
for this.
Mr. ANTHONY. Between four and five hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We began it in one in-
stance—it was begun in the Senate before my
day—when certain eminent Senators died; and
after that, whenever a Senator died, a considerable
number of veiy eloquent addresses were made on
the occasion, and a book was published in every
instance. We found that it was getting to be a
habit. The expense was not very large; but it
was deemed by many to be quite unnecessary,
and a bad practice. In the first place, it increased
the number of speeches and it increased the length
of them; and in the next place, it increased very
much the expencc connected with our piintmg.
I was at one time a member of the Committee on
Printing, with other gentlemen. The subject was
taken into consideration, and that committee came
to the conclusion that it was a very unnecessary
and useless expense; that it accomplished nothing;
and that the Government ought not to be saddled
with the expense, whatever it might be, whenever
a Senator died. It was impossible to make any
distinction; any one made would bean invidious
distinction and an improper one; and therefore it
was deemed best to put an end to the whole prac-
tice. Accordingly one case—I do not remember
what case it was—being referred to us, we reported
against it, and stated our reasons.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will suggest the name of the case. It was that
of General Rusk, of Texas; and after the report
was made, there was a very long and elaborate
discussion in the Senate, and a concurrence with
the committee was almost unanimously arrived
at. The Senate refused to publish such a book
in regard to General Rusk.
Mr. FESSENDEN. General Husk was a Sen-
ator who had been heie for many years, a very
distinguished gentleman, a very able Senator, a
man of great popularity in the country with all
parties; and we deemed it proper to make a point
upon his case, knowing that wc should not be sus-
pected of any want of respect or regard for him,
but to test the principle then and there. As my
friend from Connecticut states, the whole matter
was elaborately discussed and considered,and by
a very large vote it was decided by the Senate to
put an end to the bad practice. That precedent,
thus set, has continued up to the present time,
with one single exception, and that exception was
in the case of Senator Douglas. That passed
without any debate; but it did not pass without
silent remark. I observed it at the time it was
