1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
brought in. I should have objected to it at the
time and stated my objection had it not been for
my want of courage. Owing to the unfortunate
personal relations that existed between myself and
Senator Douglas at a time not long previous to his
death, I did not have tlie courage to state my ob-
jections to the publication, for fear that, possibly,
it might in some quarters be imputed to personal
feeling, which certainly did not exist in my mind
to the slightest possible degree; because, although
we were at odds for a little while, nobody esti-
mated more highly than I did his great powers and
his public services. The resolution, therefore,
passed without open remark in that case.
Now, the question is, whether we are to begin
the practice again. We may as well make the
point upon General Baker, to whom we were all
attached, and for whom all of us, during his life,
bad a great respect, and the circumstances of
whose death endeared him to the hearts of the
people; we may as well make the point upon the
resolution with reference to him as anywhere,
and better. It is quite obvious that if we pass this
resolution, we cannot refuse to pass one for the
other case which has been suggested, and the prac-
tice will again become general. At this period of
time, in the present condition of the country and
of our finances, small though the sum may be, I
think it would be wise in us to refuse to waste
our money (for it is nothing but a waste) in pub-
lishing the obituary addresses delivered by mem-
bers 011 such an occasion. They will have no tend-
ency to preserve the memory of General Baker;
a fleeting testimonial of this kind is of no sort of
consequence to his memory; and I think the cus-
tom is better honored in the observance of the cus-
tom of not publishing these addresses, and we
shall only be doing our duty by refusing to adopt
this resolution.
Mr. FOSTER. I have only risen to say, Mr.
President, that if General Raker were alive and in
this Senate, he would say in those tones to which
we always listened with so much pleasure, " in-
stead of spending this money in respect to my
memory, give it to the prisoners, the wounded, j
and sick of my regiment." I
Mr. McDOUGALL. I beg leave to differ with
Senatois in regard to this whole business. Praise
of the gallant and worthy dead is never lost, and
the further it can be extended the more we enlarge
the national soul. I say these publications are not
worthless when they have lit occasion. You build
monuments at the public expense to eternize the
illustrious of our dead; and if here in this Hall,
by the mere force of words, we undertake to con-
struct a monument for one of our illustrious dead,
is it not as well and better done than by the chisel
of some artist in Rome? What has been said and
published of the deceased Senator from Oregon m j
this Hall and m the other end of tins Capitol has i
already gone out into the country, and been rood :
by thousands; but it is m the common newspaper j
foim. Put it in pamphlet form, and scatter it I
broadcast from Maine to Oregon. These things ;
arc sought for. Fathers want their sons to hear
how great nobleness is discussed; and 1 do say
that we are failing in the highest quality of repub-
lican citizens by ignoring the policy of dignifying
our great men.
I participated in the discussion; bat I do not
urge the passage of this resolution with any am-
bition, as is partly suggested by the Senator from
New Hampshire, to have what I said extended in i
print; but his record has been more carefully made !
m this discussion than m any otherfonn m which j
his record has been presented to the country; and '
I say the habit of thus distinguishing the great
dead is one that should meet with obsei vance. As
I had occasion to say before, I do not think that
the mere fact of a Senator dying while having ihe
right to a scat on this floor is a reason why these
things should be done; butf speak of the specially
illustrious dead. Here is a man who has honored
the land of his birth and our land by his eloquence,
by his patriotism, by his high chivalry; and who,
while both wielding pen and sword, fell m our
country's service; and this is not the time when
the custom, whenever it may have arisen, should j
fail in observance. i
The amendment of Mr. Howard wos agreed to. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re- ,
curs on agreeing to the resolution as amended, ,
and on that question the yeas and nays have been !
ordered. !
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bright, Browning, Howard,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McOougall, Nesmifh,
Pomeroy, Simmons, Wikinson, and Wilson of Missouri
—13.
NAYS—Mc-sis. Carlile, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Henderson, Johnson. Kennedy, Moirill, Pearce, Powell,
ltiee, Saulsbury, Sheinmn, Sumner, Ten Eyek,Thomson,
Tiumbull, Willey, and Wilson of Massachusetts—27.
So the resolution was rejected.
HOUSE BILLS llEFERRED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will lay
before the Senate some House bills, on the table,
for the purpose of reference.
The bill (No. 241) for the payment of the field
officers of the volunteer regiments, for services
rendered prior to the full organization of the regi-
ments, was rend twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The bill (No. 225) making an appropriation for
the purchase of cotton seed for general distribu-
tion was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be re-
ferred. i believe we have no committee on agri-
culture. There is no special committee for it, and
I understand it to be a bill simply appropiiating
$3,000 for the purchase of cotton seeds. I think
it can be understood just as well without a refer-
ence as with. Itis but a small sum. There isa
great desire to procure cotton seed to be planted
along the border States, and this seed can only be
procured, I suppose, through the Army, or by
persons who may accompany the Army. There
will be some little expense perhaps attending it.
The appropriation is but a small one, and I hope
the Senate will pass it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
unanimous consent to consider the bill at the
present time without a reference.
Mr. CARLILE. I object to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being objected to,
it will be referred to the Committee oh Patents-
and the Patent Office.
DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON.
J?he VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate'the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R.
No. 1G5) making an appropriation for completing
the defenses of Washington.
The House had concurred in the Senate amend-
ments, with an amendment to strike out the third
section of the Senate amendments. That section
is as follows:
Sfc. 3. *flnd be it fuithcr enacted, That no volunteers or
militia t'loui any State shall be mustered into the service
ot the United States on any terms or conditions confining
their service to the limits of --aid State or vicmin; and if
any such volunteer militia arc in tciviee contiaiy to the
piovii-ions of this act the same shall be discharged.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
propose to refer this amendment of the House of
Representatives to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir. I
think we may as well meet that question here and
at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
will be on concurring in the amendment of the
House.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senate will not concur m that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves that the Senate non-concur
in the amendment of the House: the allhmative of
the one is the negative of the other.
The motion was agreed to.
MANAGEMENT 01* t!0\ EKNMENT HOSPITALS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offer the
following resolution; and, if there be no objection,
I should like to have it considered at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militai} AfT.ui- and
th'i Militia be m^fmcted to inquue into rl>u condition and
management ot the Government iu^pitiiN at Alexandria,
Vnginia, and to u-poi t Mich mea-.uic- as may, in the opin-
ion of thf committee, be mxcf-ai} to coiret an\ abu-eb
which may exM in "Aid hospitals ; and that they have power
to &end foi persons and papers.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs will conscnt to en-
large the scope of that resolution. The same al-
legations that are made in regard to the hospitals
in Alexandria are made in regard to almost every
hospital in the country. They certainly are in
regard to those at Cairo and St. Louis, from which
I receive, almost daily, communications stating
the atrocious system upon which they are at pres-
I ent managed. I want that committee to be per-
1 mitted to send for persons and papers to Illinois,
to Missouri—anywhere, m order to rectify the
evils that are existing in all our hospitals.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, I introduced this resolution for a special pur-
pose, and to reach a special case. I know, as well
i as does the Senator from Iowa, that there are com-
I plaints throughout this country of the management
j in the medical department of the Army, and I have
j no doubt whatever that that department is utterly
j inadequate to meet the wants of the Army and of
| the country. From the camps all over the country,
I from the hospitals all over the country, there comes
j one complaint, general and universal. But, sir,
I I called attention to this special case for one rea-
1 son, and I would prefer to have it kept by itself.
I have seen certificates this morning of those sick
soldiers certifying to their treatment,and that they
have gone even to the swill-tubs to get something
to live upon in the hospitals at Alexandria. I have
no doubt there is the grossest mismanagement in
those hospitals. Atany rate, such mismanagement
is charged. Gentlemen of the highest character,
: who have visited those hospitals, have called on
! me and made statements which are discreditable
to their management; which ought to be corrected.
I want to take that case up by itself, and correct
it. I hope that we shall have some general legisla-
tion that shall make the medical department of the
Army what it ought to be to meet the wants of the
Army and of the country.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts can accomplish his purpose
if the resolution is made general in its operation,
just as well as if it is made special, and better too.
I want that Senator to send for persons and pa-
pers, wherever our armies are and wherever these
evils exist, and have the evil specified particularly
in writing, so that we may have something tan-
gible before us on winch to act. These stories
come to us. They come to me from men in whom
I put the utmost reliance. I believe them; and
yet 1 would like to have some testimony taken
before an organ of this body, in Older to justify
me m any legislation we may make. I do not
want to have the inference drawn and to have it
said that we are disposed to look into the evils
that may be existing in the hospitals of the army
of the Potomac, and that we are unwilling to ex-
tend our vision beyond the lines of this army. I
move to amend the resolution so that it will be
made general in its operation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend it so that the
resolution will read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair? and
the Militia be instructed to inquire into the condition and
management ol the Government hospitals, and to icport
j-ueli mealies as may, in the opinion of the committee, be
nocoet.ary to coiroct any abuses which mav exist in said
hospitals; and that they have power to scad for peisonsand
papers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the vote is taken
on that amendment, I wish to make an inquiry
for information from gentlemen who are acquainted
with this subject. I desire to know whether it is
not the duty of the inspectors general to look into
these things, and see the condition of the hospitals
as well as the soldiers > We have several inspeet-
| ors general in the Army. Is it not part of their
j duty to see to these matteis?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then what arc they all
about?
j Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
j to the Senator we have by existing law four in-
! spcctors general and five assistant mspectorsgen-
I eral. I think we have now only thiee inspectors
1 general. There is a vacancy there. These oili-
1 cers are in the field; they are all atwork; and Sen-
• atois must remember we have got an army of
! half a million of men, six or seven hundred regi-
j ments, scattered about in the country; that the
! amount of labor is enormous, and that it cannot
