1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2539
rienee; ho is well known to some Senators here;
perhaps lie lias bud more to do with building
bridges than any oiher man at the West; he is a
practical man. I have reason to believe that the
officer of the navy-yard,after repeated delays, wjII
not carry out the experiment, and I suppose he
thinks the old man has gone away. He is a
woithy man, and 1 think there is something in
his invention. The Secretary of the Navy, I sup-
pose, knows nothing about it personally; but here
is an order to his inferior officer which has not
been carried out. Now, I respectfully wish to
know why it has not been carried out.
Mr. CLARK. I think the Senator's objection
affords a very good reason why we should not do
it. I dare say this experiment may be what the
Senator claims for it; 1 dare say this old man may
be a very worthy scientific old man; but I under-
stand the Senator to say that he does not sup-
pose the Secretary of the Navy knows anything
about it.
Mr. WRIGHT. Except giving the order,
Mr. CLARK. Then why not inquire of the
Secretary of the Navy, instead of passing a reso-
lution in this sort of way r I think some attention
had better be given to it in that direction first, and
then, if you find that the Secretary of the Navy
will not attend to it, it may be proper to introduce
a resolution.
Mr. WRIGHT. I want his answer to a respect-
ful resolution of the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I submit that the other coursc
would be better.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope the Senate will adopt
the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 move to
take up Senate btil No. 328.
Mr. CLARK. Will it take any time?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think it
will pass in a moment. It is an act to legalize the
acceptance of additional volunteers, and to repeal
the act of last year that abolished the bounty of
two dollars for recruits, and to allow a month's
pay in advance to#soldiers who join the volun-
teers. It is very important to pass it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 328)
to legalize and confirm the act of the President in
accepting the services of volunteers under the act
approved July 22, 1861, and to authouzu the ac-
ceptance of two hundred thousand men in addi-
tion to those authorized by that act; the pending
question being on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Several
amendments have been offered which change some-
what the character of the bill; and I am very de-
sirous not to incumber it; and I would like to sub-
stitute a simple resolution confined to a necessary
object, so that we can pass it through at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will not be
in order until the pending amendment is disposed
of. The amendment of the Senator from Illinois
will be lead.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. My amend-
ment can b" ^ad for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read for
information. The Senator from Massachusetts
proposes to substitute for the bill a proposition,
which will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved, £c., That so much of the ninth section of the
act approved August 3, 1S61, entitled An act for the bet-
ters gemmation oi'tiio military establishment," as abolishes
the premium paid for bunging accepted recuuts to the ren-
dezvous, be, and the same is hereby, jescindcd, and heie-
after a premium of two duIiatM^hal! be paid to any citizen,
non-com missioned oiiiccr, or soldier. Joi each accepted le-
ctin t lor the icuulai Aunj lioinaj biseglo the lendezvous.
And every ^oldiei who hereatter inthe legulai Army
or in the volunteer foi three j ear.3 or dmins The war, may
receive his fhstmonrh-'spnyin advance, upon the mu-tmng
of his company into the service of the United States or after
he shall have been muiteied into or joined a regiment al-
ready in the «.<mvico."
Mr. WILSON of Massachusetts. I hope Sen- :
ators will consent to let all these other matters go
and substitute this simple resolution so as to sim- j
phfy the proposition. I tlnnk it is importa# to ]
pass it at once in this shape.
Mr. FOOT. The better way would be to lay
aside the other bill and introduce this as ail inde-
pendent measure. .
Mr. WILSONof Massachusetts. I move that
the bill which I called up bo laid on the table,and
then I shall ask leave to introduce this as an inde-
pendent measure.
The bill was ordered to He on the table.
ENCOURAGEMENT OP ENLISTMENTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S. No. 88) to encourage
enlistments in the regular Army and volunteer
forces; which was read twice, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
No amendment being proposed, the joint reso-
lution was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment.
Mr. CARLILE. I merely suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to strike out "rescinded"
and put in "repealed," so that instead of saying
that the law to which the resolutions referred is
" rescinded," it shall be " repealed." It is the
moie usual term.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The word
" rescinded" was used as better fitted for the res-
olution, but I am not particular about it. I am
willing to substitute " repealed "for "rescinded."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
amended, if there be no objection.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The resolution I under-
stand to come from the Military Committee,and
is their unanimous recommendation.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The bill
came from the committee; but I drew the resolu-
tion, on consultation with some of the committee,
in order to simplify it and get rid of other ques-
tions.
The joint resolution was read the third time, and
passed.
BRIDGES OYER THE OIIIO ltlVElt.
Mr WADE. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders and take up House bill No. 392. It is a
bill to authorize the erection of certain bridges
over the Ohio river.
Mr. CLARK. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. WADE. I presume there will be no de-
bate upon it. It was unanimously reported from
the Committee oil the Post Office and Post Roads
after full deliberation.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the courtesy of the Sena-
tor from Ohio to permit mo to got through the bill
that was up yesterday morning. I think it will
not take ton minules.
Mr. WADE. I suppose that this bill will be
through just as soon as that, and then we can
take that'up. I do not think this bill will be de-
bated, but if there shall b'e any debate on it, I
shall consent to give way.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 392) to establish certain post roads was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to declare the bridge across the Ohio nver
at Steubenville a lawful structure and a post road,
and to make regulations in legard to the construc-
tion of the bridge with railroad tracks and draws.
Mr. COWAN. I have not had an opportunity
of examining the provisions of this bill carefully,
and it is a matter of very great importance to the
people of the western part of Pennsylvania. I
should be glad if it were postponed until I can
have an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. WADE. I shall not insist upon the pas-
sage of the bill now if any one wants to look into
it. It was agreed on in committee by most, per-
haps all, that took an lnterestin the subjectalong
the Ohio river; butl have no objection to its lying
over if the Senator wants to look into it. " I give
notice, however, that 1 shall call it up to-morrow
morning if I cal>-
Mr. COWAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as postponed until to-morrow.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the bill (S. No. 309)
for the relief of J. W. Nye be taken up meiely
for the purpose of recommitting it to the commit-
tee. I think there is ail error ill it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (o. No.
309) for the relief of"/. W. Nye was read the sec-
ond time, and recommitted to the Committee on
Claims.
JURORS OATHS.
Mr. DAVIS. I now moye to take up the bill
prescribing an additional oath for jurors in the
United States courts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 281)
preseiibingan additional oath to be talsen by grand
and petit jurors serving in the United States courts,
the question being upon its passage.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 appreciate the force of the sug-
gestion made yesterday by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] and I have redrawn the
bill so as to obviate partially the force of his ob-
jection, though not the whole of it. I now ask
the general consent of the Senate to be allowed to
substitute the bill as I have redrawn it for the
substitute I offered before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to substitute a new-drawn bill in place of the
one before the Senate. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the substituted bill will be read.
The Secretary commenced the reading. •
Mr. CARLILE. That seems to be a change
of the bill as printed; and I suggest to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky the propriety of having the
bill piinted,and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill as now presented is, in
substance, the same as it has been printed. It has
been referred once to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; and if the Senator from Virginia will just
hear the bill read, I think he will comprehend it
without any difficulty.
Mr. CARLILE. It proposes very important
changes, and questions of expediency as well as
other questions arise as to the adoption of such
a proposition, at any rate; and it is one that, it
seems to nie, Senators should have more time for
considering than they can lmve from merely hear-
ing the bill read at the desk. 1 confess that I can-
not understand it properly from just hearing it read
at the Clerk's desk, and I would prefer seeing it
in print. I move, therefore, that it be laid on the
table, at least for the present, and be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust not. The whole of the
matter of the bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
debatable. The Senator fiom Virginia moves that
the bill be printed, and that it lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE. 1 call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. Though it may not be exactly
in order, I would like to suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky that he consent to let the bill he
on the table until to-morrow, and be printed, with-
out referring it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
My impression, from what I have heaid of it is,
that I should be inclined to support the proposi-
tion in its present form. I should like to see it
in print, however.
Mr. DAVIS. I am inclined to think there is a
systematic effort to defeat this bill,and I am per-
fectly satisfied of its entire impoitance and neces-
sity for the border slave States. The bill, in its
substance and in its matter, has been printed and
laid upon the tables of Senators for the last three
weeks; it has been before the Committee on the
Judiciary, and the committee have reported ad-
versely to it, and it has been up now two or three
mornings before the Senate. Any gentleman who
wants to understand the bill can understand it by
hearing it read, and I do hope that the Senate will
now dispose of it.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
not debatable.
Mr. CLARK. I only want, by unanimous con-
sent, to make a suggestion to the Senator from
Kentucky, similar "to that made by the Senator
from New York, because he knows I am entirely
friendly to the provision he has introduced, and I
think we shall carry it easily if he will let it lie on
the table until to-morrow, and be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; I agree to that on the
suggestion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. HOWE. 1 am willing to withdraw thecal!.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call may be
withdrawn by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection. The bill lies on tlte table, and
will be printed.
