APPENDIX TO- THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March S,
3tTH Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Property—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
species is also of many places—that is, it is local.
Money jn Afghanistan may not be -money in
E<"ypt; money in Egypt- may not be money at
Constantinople;so of'France, England, Austria,
Russia, and the United States. I content myself
with throwing out my ideas on this subject with-
out elaborating them. I think my position can-
not be questioned; we are only failing to embrace
t&o full meaning of the woxd when we say the
■wjord money means only gold and silver coin. We
have not accepted it even piratically in that form,
for we call bank notes money, and not without
reason—they are authorized by taw, although is-
sued by corporations. They have the sanction of
sovereign authority, and when current are used
in effecting the exchanges of the country.
, Next, as to the meaning of the word coin. Here
again there seems to be a necessity for looking
beyond first impressions to get at the true mean-
ing of this word. It is true thatfor some time past,
I ao not know for what period, it has been cus-
tomary to use the torm stamping to describe im-
pressions upon papor and coining as fhe particu-
lar process of forming money out of the metals,
yet it is true that the meaning of the two words
is precisely the same. We have the word coin
from the Arabians through the Spanish and French
into the English, and it lias properly no relation
to the work of stamping or forming money. Its
primitive meaning appears simply to have been
to strike, to beat, or to drive. Its present proper
meaning is nothing more than to stamp or im-
press.
I am aware that a more limited meaning is gen-
erally given to the word; but I ask gentlemen who
appear to be in the dark upon the subject to con-
sult the authorities. For myself, 1 am compelled
to think that the very great and learned men who
engaged ill the construction of our Constitution
understood the woightof the very important words
thoy used, and weighed them in the scales of the
best authorities of their day, if not of ours. Even
the word " mint," or more correctly, " to mint,"
means nothing but to strike or impress, although
generally used in the sense of striking or impress-
ing money; but the meaning of the word " coin"
is much less limited by authority and use than
" mint."
I than conclude that, money is that which having
been stamped by sovereign authority, for the pur-
pose of currency, is used in the effecting of the
exchanges of the country, and that coining is the
not of slumping, and when duly authorized by
law, tltc coining of money within (lie literal and
true meaning of the Federal Constitution.
For myself, 1 have no difficulty in understand-
ing that, when, by the exorcise ol'so much of the
power as exists in Congress, we authorize the
stamping and issuance of paper money as a cur-
rency for the country, it is justly as well money
andjust as well-coinfed money as if it were stamped
out of the richest metals to be found in the Sierras
of California: This Government has the power
to make money out of paper or out of timber or
out of iron, out of the rocks of the hills or the
shell# on the sea-shore. It might not be wise, it
might not be just, it might not be in the order of
the progress of civilization to do these things; but
1 aftirm that the power exists in the Government,
and that is sufficient, so far as the constitutional
question is concerned. To this conclusion, I add
the admission of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
the correctness of which admission lio Senator
will dispute; and if my reasoning has been just,
the clause making the Treasury notes of the Uni-
ted States a legal tender, is one beyond all ques-
tion within the power conferred on us by the Con-
stitution.
Thus much, and briefly as to the constitutional
question. 1 concede that it does not follow neces-
sarily that is right.
It is said that the provision is a violation of the
contracts between the Govern mentand individuals,
and authorizes the violation of contracts between
individual citizens, and therefore wrong. Well,
in the first place, as a general rule, law overcomes
contracts, it is true that we have denied to States
the power thus to legislate, but not so as to the
General Government; and so far as the General
Government is concerned, whether the obligations
of contracts shall be impaired or not, is a.question
not merely of speculation or abstract justice, but
is to be more or less governed by considerations
of state policy and state necessity. Istateboldly
that a general state necessity is the higher and
greater right, and swallows up, if you please, ex-
tinguishes, the individual wrong.
Such necessity has justified such action by Gov-
ernments in all ages,'and will have to justify it in
all the ages to come. I hold such necessity a per-
fectjustification. _ _ .
How often, let mc ask, if this be a violation of
contract, (which I deny,) have con tracts been vio-
lated by this government and by all the modern
civilized Governments? .How often has England,
by alloy and debasement, changed the standard
of her gold and silver currency? How often by
the same process, have we done the same thing
by debasing our own coin ? How often have we
changed the current value of foreign gold and silver
coin? There was a time when an American and
a Mexican silver dollar were of equal weight, pu-
rity, and value, and what is the difference now ?
In all those proceedings under the authority of
law, have we not directly taken from the country
the former measure of value, and thus operated
upon the contracts and interests of individuals in
the very manner which it is alleged by gentlemen
we now propose. If this provision is a violation
of contract, we certainly have had experience
enough in the practicc not to be shocked by its
repetition.
But suppose it is a violation of contract, and
suppose the violation operates a loss—suppose a
loss to the creditor, who js required to accept notes
not equal to gold and silver, and a loss to the
holder on his own account in the course of com-
parative depreciation: is there no other word than
loss that may be properly used to express this
operation ? For instance, may we not call it a tax?
I think this worth considering.
This measure is necessary for the maintenance
of the Government. Tax^es are necessary for the
maintenance of the Government. Taxes are di-
rectly demanded, and the burden is borne because
of its necessity. This loss occurs by reason of
the same necessity. The object and result of each
is the same. If it is said that it is unequal, per-
haps so; but one thing is certain, those cannot
lose it who have not got it, and, besides, no sys-
tem of taxation can be made equal. Our import
system is not equal—one direct tax law is any-
thing but equal.
Hut suppose we treat it as an excise tax, a tax
diserimiimtingagainst the wealthy and luxurious,
winch assumes a specific tax upon every article
of luxury. Why not treat money as a luxury—
it is the mother of all luxuries? If you may take
from the man for his carriage, his horses, and his
dogs, the lady for jewelry and instruments of
music, and He it Blitz for his tricks in magic, why
not from the creditor for the interest-bearing
money out in a thousand hands?
A tax is a sacrifice made for the common good.
This loss is to be suffered, if loss there be, for
the common good, and why not the same kind of
sacrifice.
I am not the special advocate of this measure;
it is no creature of mine. I was not at its birth,
nor have I had anything to do with its develop-
ment. It may not be a politic law; but I feel that
some such law is necessary; and as I have not the
skill to improve it, I will not lend my voice or
vote to defeat it.
1 am not able to maintain against it any good
constitutional objection, and I do not see in it any
special injustice. The gentleman from Vermont
illustrates his views of "its injustice by its effect
upon small depositors in the savings banks of his
State. This kind of appeal in behalf of the poor
is not new. I suppose the persons who have got
it there have it laid by, and are not in debt; well,
they are not what I call poor people. If they
are poor, then let mc say, that the poorest are
sometimes the richest; if they are poor they cer-
tainly are not needy; but I undertake to say that
there is not in the State of Vermont, or elsewhere in
the Republic,one good, true, loyal man or woman
who will ever cast one regretful thought after the
trilling percentage sacrificed to meet the necessi-
ties, the pressing necessities, of that country which
has from their and our births till now bestowed
upon us her lavish love, as well as her maternal
care. They, whose sons and brothers are now
offering life sacrifices, will not think of these
sacrifices.
Mr. President, we are at war. This is a war
measure; wemusttakewarresponsibilities. This
measure can ruin no one, destroy no one, and we
are advised upon the highest authority that it is
needed for the maintenance of the Republic. Sir,
when I arose I did not design going beyond a
brief expression of opinion. I have trespassed
beyond my intention. Let me say but one word
more. I believe the law constitutional, just, and
necessary. I hope to see it passed, and when
passed, 1 shall hope on.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY. "
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. McDOUGALL,
OS1 CALIFORNIA,
In the Senate, March 3, 1862.
The Senate having under consideration the bill (S. No.
151) to confiscate the property and fiee the slaves of rebels—
Mr. McDOUGALL said:
Mr. President: The magnitude of the measure
now before the Senate demands of us a very full
investigation into its merits both as a measure of
policy and law. In my opinion, there has been
no measure brought before this Congress, per-
haps none before any Coggress since the Govern-
ment was organized, involving graver and more
important subjects of inquiry, more fruitful of
consequences to us not only at the present time
but for long years to come. I shall be pardoned
then, sir, I trust, if I depart from my usual mode
of brief observation, and, with some care and la-
bor, undertake to present to the Senate the views
and arguments that have governed my conclusions
on this subject.
The present colossal war has been organized
against and forced upon the Republic by a body
of conspirators hostile to our own free institutions
and to free government throughout the world. The
sacrifice of human life, the desolations of civil war,
and the vast burden of public debt with which
they are justly chargcable did seem to me to jus-
tify almost any degree of penal visitation anu al- •
most any measure of reprisal or confiscation. I
suppose it has been the opinion of Senators gen-
erally that some such legislation as is now pro-
posed would be both just and salutary. I can at
least say such were the opinions I entertained.
Some such measure—I will not say this measure
—seemed to me to be a just and reasonable war
policy. A particular measure, however, has been
brought before us, and our action demanded. The
time has come when we have to investigate the
measure and the principles upon which it is
founded; the soundness of the measure as one of
present policy; what will be its effects in the future;
and Us character, either as instance or precedent,
in history.
I must say, that when I first read this bill, it
struck mc as one, if to be established as law,
fraught with very important results. The mag-
nitude of those results have grown upon me by
contemplation. The bill itself has two important
features; tiie first of which is a general provision
for confiscating property, real and personal, of all
persons found in "arms against the Government,
or lending aid and comfort to the enemy, with the
machinery for carrying that provision into effect.
As I propose to be careful in the statement of my
remarks, I will read the sections of this bill which
I propose to make the subject of discussion and
consideration:
Be it enacted, $c., That the property, real and personal,
of every kind whatsoever both corporeal and incorporeal,
and including cho^cs in action, and wheresoever situated,
w ithm the limits of the United States, belonging to any per-
son or persons beyond the jurisdiction of the "same, or to
any person or poisons in any State or district within the
United Slates, now in a state of insuriection and rebellion
against the authority thereof, so that in either ease the or-
dinary process ot law cannot, be seived upon them, who
shall, daring the present rebellion, be found m aims against
the United States, or giving aid and comfort to said rebel-
lion, shall be forfeited and confiscated to the United States ;
and such forfeiture shall take Itnmediate effect upon the
commission of the act of forfeiture, and all right, title, and
claim of the person committing such act, together with the
right or power to dispose of or alienate his property of any
and every description, shall instantly cease and determine,
and the same shall at once vest in the United Stales.
This act proposes " instantly" to operate a gen-
