1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.1581
the intention of the committee to report the bill
with in a few days. To accommodate members,
we have kept the bill open until the very last mo-
ment. Senators are anxious to have the bill for
the purpose of inserting such amendments as they
have to propose; and I hope, therefore, the House
will pass it without delay. There is, as 1 have
said, no general legislation in the bill except a
single provision in the second section, authorizing
the Postmaster General to change the termini of
existing mail routes connecting with railroads
whenever the postal service can thereby be im-
proved. This provision is recommended by the
JPostmastcr General, and I presume can give rise
to no objection. I move the previous question on
the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION.
Mr. WORCESTER. I find that I am recorded
on the Journal as having voted in the negative on
the proposition to tax cotton. 1 intended to vote
in the affirmative, and ask that my vote may be
so recorded.
There being no objection, the vote of Mr. Wor-
cester was changed from the negative to the
affirmative.
MILITARY DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. DUNN. I ask leave to rpport back from
the Committee on Military Affiaii s a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 60) extending the piovisions of
a certain act to all the military departments of the
United States.
The joint resolution was read. It directs that
the act to secure to the officers and men actually
employed in the noithwestern department, or de-
partment of Missouii, their pay, pension, and
bounty, approved March '25, 1862, shall be ex-
tended and made applicable to the officer? and men
employed in any other military department of the
United States.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was reported to the House.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
ask of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dumn]
how mnny millions of dollars this joint resolution
appropriates ?
Mr. DUNN. T do not know how many mil-
lions it appropriates; but I do know that it does
not appropriate one cent more than js justly due
from our Government. It is to extend the pro-
visions of an act in regard to the western or Mis-
souri military department to all other military
departments of the United States. The act is as
follows I
All act to secure to the officers and men actually employed
in the western depaitinent, or depaitinent of Missouri,
their pay, bounty, suid pension.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States oj America in Congress assembled, That
the isecietary <>t W.tr be, and ho i- heicbv, authorized and
required to allow and pay to the officer, non-com missioned
officer, musician*, and puvat "< who iiave been heictoloie
actuallv employed in the military Service ot the United
►States,"win lilt r musteied into actual bCivieooi not, whoie
their M'lVices weie accepted and actually employed by the
geneiitW who have been in command ot'ihe department of
the Weal, oi the derailment ui the Mi«ouu, the pay and
bounty as in ows o?'ie«ular rnli-rm."nit
Sec. '2. And be it/wither enacted, Thar the officeis, non-
comnuwoned ot]k'ciN,mu^ici«in&.;irKi puvates so employed
who may have been wounded or incapacitated fot bcivice,
shall be entitled to and receive the pension allowed for «ucli ,
disability: Provided, That the length and character of their
enlistment and seiviee be such as to entitle them tindei
existing law-  to saelt pension.
vSec. ?>. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the lioirsof thoee
killed m battle, orot tho^e who may have died liom wound-*
received while so in service, shall be entitled to iceeive the
bounty and pay to which they would have been entitled
had they been lecuiaily mu-tered into service: Provided,
That ihe bountv and pay referred to in this act shall not be
payable unless (heir tmnoi enlistment and tervteo be of
bueh duration as to entitle them to receive the same, ae-
coidsn? to existing; laws.
Appioved March 25, 1862.
In other departments than that of Missouri,
troops have been accepted by the generals, and
put upon most important duty, and have ren-
dered essential service to the Government before
they were mustered into the United States service.
In many cases the emergency has been too great
to admit of delay. There was no time to send for
a United States officer and go through the usual
mustering in process. The danger was immi-
nent, and our volunteers gallantly met the danger,
trusting their Government would do them or their
families justice. Many have fallen upon the field
of battle. The object of this joint resolution is
simply to entitle such soldiers and officers, or, in
case of their decease, their families, to the same
rights they would have enjoyed if the soldiers and
officers had been enlisted and mustered into the
United States service.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will say to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that the bill only
applies to men who have been actually employed
in the field, and I piesuine the gentleman will not
object to paying men who have been actually in
the field m service, whether they had been mus-
tered in or not.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not
object to the bill.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, piesented the resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of California in relation to a new
collection district in the northwestern part of said
State; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
EQUIT5T AND ADMIRALTY TIBIALS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill in relation to the competency
of witnesses in trials in equity and admiralty;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and then recommitted.
POLYGAMY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to punish and prevent
the practice of polygamy in the Territories of the
United States, and for other purposes, and to dis-
approve and annul certain acts of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Utah; winch was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
POST JiOADS.
Mr. BLAKE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to establish
certain post loads; which was lead a firsttftd sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and then recom-
mitted .
And then, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, (at
ten minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE. %
Wednesday, April 9, 1862.
Piayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Suxderland.
The Journal ofyestei day was read and approved.
GItKAT VICTORY IN THE WEST.
Mr. BROWNING. I ask permission of the
Senate to read a telegraphic dispatch received this
morning from the theater of operations of our army
in Tennessee:
Pittsburg, Tennessee, na Fort IIenrv,
Jl-piil 9—3.20, a m.
The bloodiest battle of modem tunes ju=-t eloped, result-
ing in complete iout of the enemy, who attacked u& Sunday
morning. Hatth* lasted until Monday, 4 33, p. in 3 when the
enemy commenced then iclient, and aiw Mill fl> im: towards.
Cm hull, pursued by laiae toree ot our eavaliv. Slaughter
on both hides immen-e. Lost in lolled, wounded, and miss-
ing t'iom eighteen to twenty thousand; that of the enemy
i  estimated liom thnty-five to loity thousand. I givvyou
the best account from observation, havins passed lluough
the stoim of action for the twodajs. it raged. The light was
biought on by a hody of thiee bundled of the twenty-filth
Missouri legnnent of Genetal Ptenriss attacking advanced
guaid of jebeK t-upposed to be pickets ot enemy in fioutor*
the camp. Rebels, immediately advanced on Geneiai Pr< n-
tit^. Our force poois fotmed into line Geneiai Iluilhut's
di\v ioti wa« tinown foi waid to suppoit die center, when a
devpeiateconlUct ensued. Atfi\e, p m., the lebel^ foiecd
otii lc'"t \\ jjjo bcU'K so a- to occupy lull two thuds ofoui camp,
and were fighting their w.iy funvard with desperate cour-
age in then "dibit to diive ih into the river, and at the came
time heavilvengaged our light. Geneiai Giant and stafi.
who had been ieckie=-lv udmg on. lines the entiie day amid
a stonn of bullets, now rode tram light to left inciting our
men to stand firm until reinforcements could cross the river.
The gunboats Lexington and Tyler, which lay a short dis-
tance off, kept raining shell on the rebel forces. Thu* tfie
contest raged till night. During night Major Geneiai Wal-
lace arrived and took position on the right, and Major Gen-
eral Buell's forces from the opposite side and Savannah now
being conveyed to battle ground. The entire right of Gen-
eiai Nelson's division was ordered to form'on the right, and
the forces undei Geneiai Ciittenden were Ordered to his
support early in the morning.
Second day's battle.—The battle of the second day raged
with various successes and repulses until five, p. m.^wfien
the whole lebol army was in lull retreat to Coiinth, with
our cavalry in hot pinsmt. General Buoll followed the re-
treating rebels, driving them in splendid style. We lost a
number of our forces as pri^oneis., among whom is General
Prentiss, who is reported as being wounded- Killed on the
rebel side was their chief general, Albert Sidney Johnston.
It is further icported that General Beauregaid had his arm
shot off. Captain Carson was killed by a cannon ball.
Mr. HALE, Mr. TRUMBULL, and others.
Who is it from ?
Mr. BROWNING. This is accompanied by
a note from the Secretary of War, saying;
"This is a synopsis of the New Yoik Herald's report
received from a special reporter, who says he was in the
battle."
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Saline, Washtenaw county, Michigan, praying
for the total abolition of slavery throughout the
country; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of
Louisa Kearney, widow of Colonel James Kear-
ney, of the topographical engineers, piaying for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. CLARK presented a petition of citizens of
New Hampshire, praying for the adoption of the
principle of taxation, suggested in a letter from
E. B. Bigelow, addressed to Hon. Thaddeus Ste-
vens, entitled "internal taxation simplified;"
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the establishment
of a naval depot and national armory in that State;
which was relVried to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Hudson, Lenawee county, Michigan,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of S.
S. Waldo and eighty-eight others, citizens of
Wenona, Illinois, praying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of C.
K.Greanierand sixty-six others, citizens of North
Benton, Mahoning county, Ohio,prkymg for the
total abolition of slavery throughout the country;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Dan-
iel O. Chubbuck and one hundred and twenty-
eight others, citizens of Mount Vernon,.Iowa,
praying for the total abolition of slaveiy through-
out the country; which was ordeied to lie on the
table.
"Fie also presented a joint resolution of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, approving the course of the
President of the United States m the administra-
tion of the Government; which was ordered to
he on the table, and be punted.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
Sullivan county, New York, praying that the
" freedom of speech and of the press shall not be
abridged," and that " the New York Caucasian
and all other Democratic papers now excluded
from the mails in all the loyal States beallowed
the same piivileges enjoyed by Republican and
abolition papers;" which was ordered to lie on
the table. OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 263) amendatory of « An
act to increase and icgni.ue the pay of the Navy," ap-
pioved June if 18G0, be punted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
265) to incorporate the Mount Olivet Cemetery
Company, in the District of Columbia; which was
ivud twice by its tirle, end inferred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL aslu-d, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to jntroducea bill (S. No.
^G6) for the more convenient enforcement of the
laws of the United States concerning security to
