1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No drawback on raw cot-
ton. Thai, is what I mean.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to suggest that
gen tie mo 11 may be disposed to vote to strike this
clause oat as it stands now, who would not vote
to Stijkt: it out if you took that drawback out;
and therefore that drawback should be corrected
before the vote is taken on striking out the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator will
see that there is no objection at all 
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be done in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
put in an exception of cotton. I think no one
will object to excepting cotton from the general
drawback provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only reason I did
not move it before was that unless there is a duty
imposed upon raw cotton there does not seem to
be any sense in making the exception.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a duty on cotton
as the bill stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The drawback on man-
ufactured cotton is already provided forunderthe
general provision, which is in these words:
From and after the date on which this act takes effect
there chilli l>e an allowance or drawback on all articles on
w iiicli any niiei tial duty or tax shall have been paid, equal
in amount to the d'lty ot tax paid thereon.
Mr. COLLAMER. That allows a drawback
on the cotton itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, if there has been a
duty paid on it. It stands well enough now, but
I shall propose, if the duty on cotton is retained,
to put in this section these words: " cxccpt on
raw or unmanufactured cotton."
Mr. COLLAMER. The difficulty to my mind
is that I can conceh e at least that gentlemen might
be willing to str:ke out this tax dependent on the
condition whether there was a drawback or not.
If there is to be a duty on cotton, and then a draw-
back allowed so as to let foreigners get the cotton
cheaper than our own manufacturers, of course I
shall vote to strike out the whole tax. That is
the way the bill stands at present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the bill now stands
the cotton tax is stricken out, or will be if we con-
cur in the report of the committee. By general
consent, however, I will move this amendment
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Move what ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The exception of raw or
unmanufactured cotton from the section in relation
to drawbacks.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to make a mo-
tion to except rice and some other things.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can make it after-
wards just as well.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Maine to a clause on
the 66th page, where I want to make a veibal al-
teration. In the sixth clause on the fifty-fourth
line of that page I move to strike out the words
" more than one," and insert ''one or more."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatis not inotder
now. The committee's amendments take prece-
dence.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not know the commit-
tee had any.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There arc four un-
acted upon. When they shall have been dis-
posed of the Senator's motion will be in order.
The question nowiS on sttiking out the clause.
Mr. CLARK. I renew the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Maine to insert as a
pioviso:
vlndprovided farther, That a diawback of one cent per
pound nliail he allowed on all t-ucli cotton when expoited i.
in a manufactured ^tute. jj
I do not think the section the Senator from jj
Maine has referred to includes this proviso or the ||
substance of it. |,
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from New ;;
Hampshire will not press that proposition just I
now. !
Mr. CLARK. If this amendmentcould lie over ;
until we come to the section on drawbacks, per- |]
haps we can adjust them both together, and that ij
probably will be the wisest course. ij
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator had Ij
better withdiaw his amendment now. He can i
move it afterwards. u
Mr. CLARK. I think this clause does not j;
,jphsh what we want. I think it can be made
adjusted together if we pass over this for the
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have now to vote on
this proposition.
Mr. CLARK. By general consent this whole
question may be deferred until we acton the draw-
back section, and then we can dispose of both, as
they are connected together.
Mr. SHERMAN. The questions are distinct.
Here is a proposition to tax cotton one cent per
pound. As a matter of course, everybody is in
favor of excepting cotton from the operation of
the drawback. Nobody would propose to tax
cotton manufactured in this country, and leave all
that is sent abroad untaxed. Therefore the only
question is, whether the drawback shall apply to
manufactured goods. If the Senator from Maine
is satisfied with the present provision, we may as
well act upon it now, and when we come to the
section about drawback, see whether we can ar-
range that matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that on
looking at that clause I thought it would cover
what I had provided for in the amendment which
I withdrew; but gentlemen about me, whose
opinions are better than mine, thought the word
"article" being used, it might not cover the cot-
ton in its raw state, but would only mean cotton
when worked up into a manufactured article. My
object in offering the proviso was to secure that.
If there is no objection to that, it may as well be
put on as a proviso to this clause, before we take
the vote on it, as afterwards. It can do no harm,
certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to any exception
to the drawback, except the one cent a pound.
I would have all raw cotton excepted, so as to
put the manufacturer here and the manufacturer
abroad, so far as this bill is concerned, on the
same footing, and then give the manufacturer at
home the benefit of our tariff laws just as fully as
the tax here imposed on home industry is.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] op-
poses with a great deal of earnestness this pro-
posed amendment to strike out the tax of one cent
per pound on cotton, which I regard as an unjust
tax upon the manufacturers of my State and of
the country. The Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] and other Senators representing the
West, are persistent m their efforts to retain this
unjust tax upon the people of my State and sec-
tion of the country. At the risk of being arraigned
and chided by the Senator from Michigan, I place
myself alongside of my colleague in opposition to
this tax, winch will bear oppressively upon the
business interests upon which you also propose
to impose a tax of three per cent, on their produc-
tonis.
This bill, sir, is, and must be, unequal and un-
just towards my State and section of the country.
It is one of the most unequal tax billsever pro-
posed in any country or any age. It imposes an
immense tax upon all persons engaged in the man-
ufactuiing and mechanical pursuits of the coun-
try. It bears upon a large portion of this coun-
try very lightly, but it puts its heavy hand upon
the few. We are told that those engaged in man-
ufacturing willchargethisincreased tax upon their
goods and will obtain it back. Supposing that to
be true, it does not, at least only to a very limited
extent, affect the inequality of this tax. I venture
to say that the people who live about and around
the manufacturing establishments^ who listen to
the music of the spindles, who live around the
workshops and mechanic shops of New England
and of portions of New York, New Jersey, and
Pennsylvania, pay four dollars of taxation, be it
foreign or be it domestic, to one dollar paid by the
people of any other section of this country. They
are a commercial, a mechanical, a manufacturing
people. What they eat, what they drink, what
they wear, they have to purchase; and the taxa-
tion of the country bears upon them more than
fourfold m amount to what it bears on the people
of the South or of the West. I say that of the
taxes on articles of foreign and domestic produc-
tion, the people of Massachusetts pay four times
more than the people do m any western State, in
proportion to their numbers.
Mr. GRIMES. In proportion to their wealth ?
acc.mpl.sn wiuu we want. J- uumt   - Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Well, sir,
more clear and explicit, and I do not see whatob- >j I will not say to their wealth, but to then lium-
jection there can be to it. Both sections may be d bers, and the reason is this: the farmers of Iowa,
standing upon their own fee-rsimple- acres, sup-
porting their own families, having something to
sell, and purchasing only a little, pay to the im-
ports of the country, and will pay under this bill,
very lightly; whereas, a large portion of the peo-
ple of my section of the country purchase every-
thing, and raise almost nothing. I am confidents
they pay more than four to one, and 1 am not sure
that they do not pay more than five to one. This
bill bears heavily upon the people of Massachu-
setts and New England, New York, New Jer-
sey, and Pennsylvania; it bears unequally upon
them; for nearly the whole of the taxes under this
bill, or the greater portion of them, must be, and
will be, paid by those people.
Now, here is a proposition to tax cotton; a prop-
osition to put $3,200,000 tax on the cotton man-
ufactures of the country. Senators say they will
take it off on what we export. We cannot ex-
port cotton goods under this bill, if you pass it.
We are exporting little or nothing now. We
cannot export a dollar's worth of cotton goods
now. Since this war opened the export of coarse
cottons has nearly ceased in this country, and the
manufacture of those goods has nearly ceased;
nearly all the spindles of New England have now
stopped, and in ninety days fiom this time I doubt
whether any one mill in New England will be
running on cotton goods, unless there is a change
in the country 
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
state a single fact?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. The returns show that our ex-
ports of cotton goods were over seven millions of
dollars the last year; nearly eight millions.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. When was
the last year?
Mr. IiOWE. The last fiscal year.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The year
ending the 30th of June, 1861?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That was a
year ago. , Will you tell me what it will be up to
the 1st of July next ?
Mr. HOWE. Not until I get the returns.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I venture* to
say that the returns will turn out very small in-
deed; scarcely anything—the last few months
nothing; and the reason is, that these goods can-
not be exported when the price is beyond nine or
ten cents a yard, and it is fouiteen cents now.
We cannot export goods.to the maikets of China
or the markets of Calcutta if they are in value be-
yond ten cents a yard,and they are fourteen cents
now in our own domestic markets, and of course
we cannot export them. Any duty that you place
on these coarse manufactures does not amount to
anything, so far as our home market is concerned,
for they have no competition at home. Does the
Senator from Ohio suppose that when we export
$11,000,000 worth of cotton goods abroad and
compete in the markets of China and Calcutta
with Biitish manufacturers, those British manu-
facturers can send that same class of goods into
this country? They send no such goods here;
they cannot send them here, and your duty does
not amount to anything on them. All this talk
about changing your tariff, and puttingaduty on
coarse cotton manufactures, m order to protect
the American manufacturer, is mere talk. If you
put the duty a thousand per cent., it would not
amount to anything, because the British cannot
make the goods and send them here to come in
competition with us.
The last few years we have sent several^ mil-
lions of coarse cotton goods to the markets of Cal-
cutta and of China. The trade is an important
one; it is a cash trade. These coarse cotton goods
are purchased in our market and sent into those
markets and sold for less than they are sold at
home. A merchant who sends them into the China
market may pay eight cents heie and sell them
from seven and a half to eight cents there, and
make money by it; and that matter was explained
the other day by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Itisimportantto ns, both as cotton manufacturers
and as cotton growers, that we should compete m
the markets of Calcutta and of China with the
British manufacturers. The ten or eleven mil-
lions of dollars' worth of coarse cottons sent into
those markets pays for so much tea; it is the same
to us as cash; for it saves sending so much money
to London to meet bills of exchange.
