1582
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
keep the peace and for good behavior; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
COMPENSATION OF DISTRICT ATTORNEYS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
further morning business, the unfinished business
of the morning hour of yesterday is a bill (S. No.
366) regulating the compensation of district attor-
neys, which is now before the Senate, the pend-
ing question being on ordering it to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will add"one.observation
to what I said yesterday in regard to this bill. I
forget how many years ago, but J think since I
have been m Congress, we granted to the heads
of Departments the power to employ additional
attorneys in certain cases. Senators will proba-
bly remember it better than I. That authority
has been grossly abused; the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary so stated yesterday; and
I have no doubt at all that if this authority is now
given the Attorney General, without any fault on
his part, without any carelessness on his part, the
authority will be again abused. It will throw
upon him some sixty or seventy interested par-
ties, all of whom will besiege him for compensa-
tion. As I have been a lawyer myself, I know
the desire and anxiety of lawyers to obtain huge
fees, and it is very hard to resist it. I think the
district attorneys who are now serving the United
States in the way of constructive fees and inci-
dental fees, and in the way of business brought
to them, as the district attorneys on account of
their office, on account of the official position it
gives them, get a reasonable and fair compensa-
tion. If there is any exception to it, it may be
in the cities of New York and Boston; but there
the limitation of £{>,000 applies to them, and they
complain more of the limitation of $G,000 than
they do of anything else.
The observation made by the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] is true, that this is
no time when civilians ought to receive higher
compensation. There is some little reason for not
lowering the pay of military officers, because they
are exposing their lives in the service of their
country; but surely this is no time to allow law-
yers and other persons performing mere civil du-
ties at home, in the quiet and peace of ciwl life,
to receive larger compensation than they did be-
fore. I trust, therefore, that the Senate will refuse
to pass this bill. It is not a light matter. I be-
lieve the allowances under this bill will be a very
large sum of money. The expenses of our courts
are now exorbitantly large. The judiciary fund
has been gradually growing from, I believe, two
hundred thousand up to over a million of dollars
yearly. It is all, or nearly all, paid to district
attorneys, marshals, witnesses, and jurors. It has
been increasing year by year. I have had occa-
sion two or three times to examine the disburse-
ment of the judiciary fund. There is more waste
and extravagance in that fund than in any other.
Indeed, the Secretary of the Interior complains
that it is difficult for him to regulate or rcstiain it,
because the judges of the courts allow exorbitant
and unreasonable bills for furniture, &c.; and if
you now allow the Attorney General, without any
lestraint by Congress, to fix the salaries of these
district attorneys, my impression is that in each
cast; they will fix it at from three to six thousand
dollars, instead of at $250 and fees.
I trust, therefoie, tile Senate will not puss this
bill. It will only eieato tiouble and confusion.
If it is desired hrinafter to change the mode of
compensating district attorneys, wlicn we have
sufficient information before us so that wo can
ascertain how much they do get, I should then be
willing to vote a reasonable compensation to them;
but my own experience and my own observation
lmve convinced me that they are already well paid.
I know that in the districts of Ohio lt'is an olfire
always desired and eagerly sought for, not only
for the fees it actually brings to the officer, but
because it gives him a high official portion. It
places him at the head of the bar of the district
court. It necessarily hi ings to him other business
fioni which he can get reasonable compensation
In various ways it is an office earnestly des-rrd,
and surely it is not necessary to increase the com-
pensation in oider to get competent poisons.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if it is not ne-
cessary to increase the compensation of the dis-
trict attorney in Ohio, it will not be increased.
Of course nothing can be done under this bill un-
less the district attorney makes an application to
the Attorney General. The case provided for is
special.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be made in every
case and by every district attorney. That I ven-
ture to say from my knowledge of the desire of
all lawyers to get good fees. I think probably if
I was a district attorney, I would consider myself
a very important, officer.
Mr. SUMNER. If the office of district attor-
ney in Ohio is such as the Senator describes it, I
think there is little danger that there will be any
such application; but it is evident that the present
bill is not intended for such a case; it is for en-
tirely a different case; and it seems to me that it is
hardly candid for the Senator from Ohio to adduce
the condition of things in his State in order to de-
feat a proposition for the relief of the district at-
torneys in other parts of the country. The fact
is beyond question that in the city of New York
the fees of the district attorney were notsufficient
to sustain the office. The Senate have already
provided for that case. The district attorney there
has been relieved; but no provision has been made
for the district attorney in Boston, a most merit-
orious public officer, whose services at this mo-
ment, I believe, are as important to the Govern-
ment as any similar services anywhere in the
whole country. Now, the fact is beyond ques-
tion that his office does need some relief, and I
think that it is not right that the advantageous
condition of things in the State of Ohio should be
adduced against a proper relief for the district
attorney in Boston.
Mr. HOWE. If the Government of the Uni-
ted States is not paying the districtattorney ofthe
United States for the district of Massachusetts, for
all the services he renders, I am very sorry, and
it seems to me the Legislature of the United States
is the proper tribunal to make the correction; and
the proper mode ofmakingthatcon ection, I should
think, was by a special act for that specific pur-
pose; but simply because the district attorney for
the district of Massachusetts is not getting what
he earns, is the pooi est reason m the world to offer
to me why the T reasury of the U ni ted States should
be unsealed, thrown open, and one of your offi-
cers authorized to walk into it and pay a whole
staff of deputies throughout the Union just what
he pleases to pay them, limited only to the sum
of $6,000, which is twice thesalaiy of a Senator.
ThiK mode of making corrections is dangerous. I
do not care who discharges the duties of Attorney.
Genial, itis an authority I would not trust to any
man, to compensate a whole army of assistants
according to his own notions of propriety. It is
as much as we can do, representing the States, to
jjuard the Treasury of the United States with suf-
ficient fidelity. I would not unlock it to any single
man, and I will not vote for this bill. I hope it
will notfpass. That the labor of these officers is
very difFeiefit in different States, is manifest. I
should suppose their compensation would be dif-
ferent, as it no doubt is. The more a man does,
the more he gets; the more business is transacted
in his office, the larger his fees and the greater his
income; but if the income in any particular case
derived from these fees is not sufficient, let us
know wherein it is not sufficient. You can as
well explain to us the hardship of a single case
and have that remedied, as to expatiate on the
hardship of a particular case, and therefore open
a whole class of eases indiscriminately to new
abuses.
Mr. HALE. I think there is very great force
m the suggestions ofthe Senator from Wisconsin.
Ifther e is a case in Boston that requires special
relief let us grant it; but because there is a special
case in Boston requiring relief I am unwilling to
devolve upon one of the heads of Departments the
responsibility of raising the salary of every dis-
trict attoi ney in the United States from $200 up to
$6,000; and that is the discretion which you con-
tei on the Attorney General by this bill. There
must b'1 some mistake in what was suggested yes-
t  iday by the Senator from Connecticut, that the
distiict attorney at New York made an exhibit
.c. ho v. ing that for cash expenditures the Govern-
ment was m debt to him. The district attorney
is not a disbursing officer; he does not have to pay
out one single cent; his stationery is all furnished
to him. The marshal is the disbursing officer, and
the attorney has nothing to do with the disburse-
ments, and has not the responsibility of spending
a single cent for anything on earth, except his per-
sonal expenses while in the city attending court.
This precedent at this time will be a very dan-
gerous and alarming one. We are making pre-
cedents which will be called up hereafter to con-
demn us. If there be a case in the city of Boston
requiring aid, I hope it will be granted; but I trust
the Senate will not set such an example as this by
which the doors may be thrown wide open, and
the salaries of forty or fifty district attorneys may
be placed at the mere pleasure of the Attorney
General, with liberty to raise them up hundreds
and hundreds of per cent, above what they are now,
from £200 to $6,000. I think it is an unsafe pre-
cedent altogether.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the exigencies of
this war have brought into some of the ports of
the country a great many prizes to be adjudicated
and condemned; and these are ports of easy ac-*
cess. I recollect hearing the district attorney in
our State say, that in a single prize case where
his fee was twenty dollars, it cost him over forty
dollars to attend the court. He saved thousands
of dollars to the Government. There were lawyers
against him in that case who were paid $1,000
apiece to argue the case. The districtattorney in
Rhode Island does not get enough salary to pay
his board while trying prize cases.
Mr. IIALE. The district attorneys are entitled
to five dollars a day for every day they attend
court.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is not the law now, as
he tells me; he only gets twenty dollars for a prize
case.
Mr. HALE. It is the law now, I think.
Mr. SIMMONS. It may have been the law
when the Senator held the office in New Hamp-
shire, for he said he got about a thousand dollars
a year, and did the least work of any man for the
same money.
Mr. HALE. In the State of New Hampshire.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 think this bill is very proper.
The Attorney General will notallow any increased
compensation to any district attorney under it,
unless he makes application and shows what he
docs, which the Attorney General ofcouise knows
pretty well. It does not follow that he will allow
them all $6,000ayear. Theycannotgetmore than
that even if their fees should amount to $10,000.
Mr. WILLEY. I should be very sorry to vote
for any measure which would lead to a corrupt
use of the finances of the country; but this is a
bill in which I feel not only a personal interest,
but there is connected with it a local interest. I
will state to the Senate some circumstances which
it seems to me recommend a bill of this character
to the favorable consideration of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the Senator" from
Virginia to indulge me a moment while I suggest
an amendment that may perhaps remove much
objection to the bill.
Mr. WILLEY. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. The necessity for this bill
is, that the pioceedings for prize occasion the dis-
trict attorneys a great deal of additional expense
in some particular ports. At first I thought that
by confining it to districts in which there was a
port of entry or of delivery, we might cut off any
improper allowances; but inasmuch as we cannot
tell what districts will be covered by such a pro-
vision, I propose to amend the first section, by
inserting after the word " office," in the seventh
line, the words, " by reason of proceedings for
prize in the present rebellion," and in the ninth
line, after the word <£ salary," by inserting u suf-
ficient to cover such increased service." 1 thank
the Senator from Virginia for giving me an oppor-
tunity now to offer this amendment.
CAPTURE OF ISLAND NUMBER TEN.
Mr. BROWNING. I ask the Senator from
Virginia to indulge me a moment while, with the
permission of the Senate, I read a dispatch from
Commodore Foote to the Navy Department:
Flao-Ship Benton*,
Tsla.no Xo. 10, Cairo, slpril 8, 18G2.
Hon. Gideon Welles. Secretary ofthcXavy:
i have to inform the Depai tment that Mnce I sent the tele-
gram last mailt, auiiounrnis; the suirondor to me of inland
No 1U, ha< been taken of both the itiand and
the woiks upon the 'JVnne^t-ee shore b\ irunix.nN, and the
tioops undei command oi'Gcneiai liufoid. Seventeen ofh-
cers and three hundred and MXtv-eight pin ates, besides one
hundred of their siek, and one hunched men employed on
