1862.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
board their transpoits, are in our hands, unconditionally
prusoneis of war. i have caused a hasty examination to be
made of the forts,-batteries, and munitions of war captured;
theie are eleven earrhwotks, with seventy heavy cannon,
vaiyirigin caliber ftom thirty-two to one hundred pounders,
rifled. The magazines ai e well supplied with powder, and
there are large quantities of shot, shell, and other munitions
of war, and also gieat quantifies of piovisions. Four steam-
ers afloat have fallen into oui hands, and two others, with
the lebel gunboat Grampus, are sunk, but wjli be easily
raided. The floating battery of sixteen heavy guns turned
adult bv the iehels,is said to be lying on the Missouri shore
below New Madrid.
The enemy upon the main land appear to have fled with
great precipitation aftei dark last night, leaving, in many
ease:?, half-prepared meals in then quarter^, and there seems
to have been no concert of action between the lebels upon
the island and those occupying the *>hore;but the latter fled,
leaving the former to their fate. These works, elected with
the highest engineeiing skill, aie of great t-t length. and with
their natural advantages would have been impregnable if
defended by men fighting in a better eatiMi. A combined
attack of the naval and land iorces would have taken place
this afternoon or to morrow morning had not the rebels s>o
hastily abandoned this stronghold. To mature these plans
of attack have absolutely lequired twenty-thiee days of
preparation. General Pope is momentaiily expected to
arrive with his army at this point, he having successfully
crossed the uver yesterday under a heavy lire, which no
doubt led to the ha.sty abandonmentot the worksla&tnight
I am unofficially informed that the two gunboats winch so
gallantly tan the fne of the lebel battenes a low nnzhts
since, yesteiday attacked and reduced a fort of the enemy
opposite, dismounting eight heavy guns. The following is
a copy of the order ot General Maekuii, m assuming com-
mand of the rebel foices on the oth instant:
£oldieis I VVc aic strangeis, commanding and com-
manded, each to the other. Let me tell you who i am. 1
am a geneial made by Beauregaid—a general selected by
Beauregard and Biagg for this command when they knew
it was in peril. They have known me for twenty yeais;
together we have stood on the fields of Mexico. Give them
your confidcnce now—give it to me when I have earned it.
Soldiers! the Mississippi valley is intrusted to your cour-
age, to your discipline, to your patience. Exhibit the vigi-
lance and coolness of last night, and hold it
W. D. MACKALL.
Brigadier General Commanding.
I regret that the painful conditionof my toot, still icquumg
me to use crutches, prevented me from making a pcis-onal
examination of the works. I was tiierefoic compelled to
delegate that duty to Lieutenant Commanding S. Phelps, ot
the flag-ship Benton. A. II. FOOTE,
Flag Ofjlccr.
COMPENSATION OF DISTRICT ATTORNEYS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No 1G6) regulating the compensation of district
attorneys is before the Senate, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.]
Mr. WILLEY. 1 am certain, sir, that any-
thing I should have to say would not be near so
acceptablo to the Senate as the dispatch which has
just been read. I wish my icmarks would icceive
something of the same sympathy.
I feel, as I said just now, considerable personal
interest in the success of this bill, and more es-
pecially as it is proposed to be amended, because
in that shape it meets precisely the case for which
I am desirous to provide. Let me state to the
Senate a few facts. There arc in the western dis-
trict of Virginia now held during the year by the
Federal judge there some ten courts, embracing
an immense district of country. The district at-
torney has to attend all these courts, at great per-
sonal inconvenience and disadvantage. There are
already upon the calendar upwards of seven hun- j
dred indictments for treason under the legislation !
of the last special session of Congress. To my !
certain knowledge, the district attorney attends ;
upon special sessions of the court held every three j
or four weeks at some point within the district, |
for the purpose of healing applications of prison-
er? to be admitted to bail. These cases will have !
to ho tried before long; many of them, at !<>ast. j
They are cases of a character that will command ;
the highest professional ability in the defense: '
many of the indictments are against men who can |
command the best professional skill in ourcoun- 1
try, and the duty of the piosecution, so essential
to the suppression of treason, so essential to the |;
maintenance of the authoi ity of the United States h
in the western district ofVirgima, must all depend
upon the professional skill and fidelity of the dis- j
trict attorney. At the great solicitation of myself j;
and of the friends of the Government who had |j
this matter at heart, we succeeded in procuring
the assent of Colonel Smith, of the county ofKa- !
nawha, to accept this appointment. I may sny :
that he is, perhaps, the best lawyer in northwest- ■
em Virginia, a man of great professional ability, |
a man of high character and great standing. He i
has left his pi oil table ptofesstonal pursuits for the j
purpose of aiding m putting down this rebellion, ■
executing the laws, and establishing the authority !
of the United States in the western district of Vir-
ginia. His whole time and his whole ability are
required for this duty. He has surrendered for
the good of the public and for the purposes which
I have indicated a most lucrative professional
practice; and what does he get? Two hundred
dollars a year, and twenty dollars for every case
where he succeeds in procuring a conviction.
Now, is that just to Colonel Smith ? Cases that
will occupy weeks and weeks, cases that will com-
mand the highest professional skill and ability,
cases on which depend the character and integrity
of theGovernment, and thesupremacy of the laws
of the United States in the western district of Vir-
ginia, yield him but twenty dollars. Sir, it is the
most important of any office for the suppression
of the rebellion, and for the establishment of the
supremacy of the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment. I ask whether it is not right and proper
to make some provision whereby such high pro-
fessional skill, and the total appropriation of all
the time and ability ofColonel Smith to these du-
ties will meet something like an adequate compen-
sation. Does the Federal Government, do Sen-
atois, demand that such a gentleman as Colonel
Smith, making this personal sacrifice for the good
of the country and for the establishment of the
supremacy of the Constitution and the law, shall
do it at his own expense? Sir, he may resign;
he may retire from his duties in order to support
his family. He has already in his estate received
large detriment in consequence of t^ie incursion
of General Wise. It is necessary that he should
give his attention to his professional duties in or-
der to support himself. We must have a man of
his character in that office in northwestern Vir-
ginia. It is essential; it i« absolutely indispens-
able to us. We cannot do without such a man,
and we cannot do without Colonel Smith. I ask
Senators again whether they will not allow some
compensation for the skill and labor of such a
gentleman in such a cause.
I hope that the bill will pass. It is absolutely
essential to the interests of the Government and
to tiie welfare of the people in the western dis-
trict of Virginia, that some such provision as this
shall pass. We cannot expect to have the best
and highest order of piofessional skill and ability
without giving due compensation. We have at
present secured the services of a man who pos-
sesses this skill and ability, and in order to retain
him I think it highly proper, eminently just and
right, that you should make piovision for just
compensation.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to modify the
amendment so as to say "by reason of proceed-
ings for prize or condemnation of property, or the
prosecution of offenders for crimes arising out of
the present rebellion."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified, and the section will be
read as it will stand if amended.
The Secretary read the first section as it is pro-
posed to be amended, as follows:
That upon an application made to the Attorney General
by any attorney ot the United States for any district, if it
shall be made to appearthatthe eo-tsand fees now allowed
by law fo ■-uch attoi ney aie not an adequate compensation
for the performance of the duties of his office, by reason of
pioceednigs tor prize or condemnation of property, or die
prosecution ot oflenders foi enmes ansmg out of the pres-
ent iebellion.it shall be lawful for the Attorney General,
with the as?f nt of the Secretary of the Interior, to assign to
inm a i-alaiy to cover biich increased service, not exceeding
the rate of ^6,000 pet annum in any ease, accoiding to the
nature and evtent of his said duties, which salary so as-
signed shall In- paid to him quai teily, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
/The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time. On the
question of its passage, Mr. Sherman called for
the yeas and nays; and they weie ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as fol-
I lows:
j YI-AS—Messrs. Anthony, Biownma,Collamer, Cowan,
j Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Latham. McDougall, Morrill, Nes-
! milh, Powell, Simmons, Staik. Sumner.Ten Eyck, Tium-
j bull, YVilley, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of
I Missouri—-if).
I NAYS—Messis. Clnmdlei, Claik, Davis. Doohttle, Hale,
! llatlan. Hendex-on, iiowe, Kennedy, King, Lane of In-
diana, Lane ot Kansas I'omeroy, Saulsbuty, Sherman,
Thomson. Wade, Wilkinson, and Wnght—19.
So the bill was passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecu tive bu sioess; and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and * •
The Senate adjourned. ,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, *dpril 9, 1862. •
The House met at twelve o'clock, m, Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
TheJoarnal of yesterday was readandapproved.
NORTHERN DEFENSES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting the report of Edwin P. Johnson, Esq., a
distinguished civil engineer of Connecticut, on
northern defenses; which, on motion of Mr. Rice,
of Maine, was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
TAX ON COTTON.
Mr. DAWES. I ask leave to correct the Jour-
nal of day before yesterday. I am recorded as
voting in the affirmative on the question to tax
cotton. I voted in the negative, and I ask that
my vote be so recorded.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
VOTE ON TAX BILL.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to record my
vote against the tax bill. I was necessarily ab-
sent.
Mr. SPAULDING. I object.
Mr. WHALEY. I was absent yesterday when
the vote was taken on the tax bill. If I had been
well, I certainly would have been present. I hope
there will be no objection to my voting in the
affirmative on the passage of that bill.
Mr.SPAULDING. Iobject. [Criesof"No!"
"No!"]
Mr. STEVENS. I trust that the gentleman
from New York will not insist upon his objection.
If the gentleman from Rhode Island and the gen-
tleman from Virginia were permitted to record
their votes, it will not change the result.
Mr. SPAULDING. I withdraw my objection.
There being no further objection, Mr. Browne,
of Rhode Island, recorded his vote in the negative,
and Mr. Wiialey in the affirmative, on the tax
bill.
EOREIGN SYSTEM OF FINANCE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage of the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House, a recent dispatch to the State Department
from Minister Pike, at the Hague, being the only
information received showing the system of rev-
enue and finance now existing in any foreign coun-
try; which, on motion of Mr. Spaulding, was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OI^ THE ARMY.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the consideration of Senate bill No. 188, to re-
organize and increase the efficiency of the medical
department of the Army. A substitute was pend-
ing reported from the Committee on Militarj
Affairs by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair,] to which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. McPiierson] moved to strike out the
words, " that the Surgeon General to be appointed
under this act shall have the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a brigadier general; "and the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Sherman] moved, as an
amendment to the amendment, to add the follow-
ing to the first section:
And that their pay, and that of all hospital stewards in
the volunteer as well as in the lobular service, shall be
foity-five dollars per month and one ration, to be computed
fiom the passage of this act.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of that bill. It is
an inipoi tan tone and has been all cad v considered.
Mr. McPHERSON. If the demand for the
previous question be seconded, can we then have
a separate vote on each section of the substitute?
The SPEAKER. The question must be taken
upon the substitute as a whole.
Mr. McPHERSON. Then I hope that the pre-
vious question will not be seconded.
Mr. STEVENS. If my recollection is perfect,
the Secretary of War reported to the House that
this reorganization of the medical department of
the Army was not necessary.
