1862.J
37™ Cons....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
subdued, in what manner can tlie victor tieat it, without
transacting the bound? of justice? What are his rl«\its
over the conquered country? Some have dared to advance
this monstrous principle: that the conqueror is absolute
nmnpffv- fc,onquest; tlia£ lie dispose of it as his
propei ty, that he may treat it as lie pleases, according to
?rJiSir!nM,,rm!n °r ,reaUn£ a Statfi as a conqueu-d
countiy, and hence they derive one of the sources of des-
potic government. But disregarding such writers—who
me" t0,ti1!e state of transferable good*, or beasts of
burden who deliver them upas the property or patrimony
oi another man— let us argue on principles countenanced
by reason and conformable to humanity,"— Vattcl, p. 388.
The same writer in speaking of the old law
where a city or fortress resisted, and afterwards
was taken and subjected to pillage, lays down the
rule that now obtains among civilized States both
in making war against fgrtpied*citics and where,
occupying an open couiljjiy, contributions have
succeeded to seizure, so that when a city surren-
ders to an armed enemy, a contribution may be
assessed justly upon all the citizens, or may be
provided by the Government representing all the
citizens, and not produce the waste and destruc-
tion following from a pillage where much is de-
stroyed, and where vast injustice must always be
done.
The doctrine is distinctly laid down by Kent to
the same effect. He says:
" The general usage of war is not to touch private prop-
erty upon land."
And let me here remark that much of the argu-
mentof the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
is based upon confounding the law of war upon
the land within the territorial jurisdiction of a
State and the maritime law of nations, a uniform
law recognized as the same law in Denmark* in
England, m Spain, and in this Republic:
"The general usage of war is not to touch private prop-
erty upon land without making compensation, utiles'! in
special ca-es dictated by the necessaty operations of war,
or where captured in places earned "by storm and which
have repelled all oveituies of capitulation."—1 Kent, p. 92.
_ Now, Mr. President, what has been our prac-
tice? What was said to be the law of war when
our armies marched into the territories of our
neighboring republic? How was it administered
bythecoiumn moving through Monterey to Buena
Vista? How was it ad ministered by General Scott
in moving to the city of Mexico? Instead of pil-
laging or seizing anything upon the line of march,
for such conduct the heaviest penalties were in-
flicted. No question was made whether the inhab-
itant of the enemy's country the day before or the
day after might have beeji or might be in arms.
He was paid out of the Government Treasury for
whatever was taken; and when we had conquered
a portion of Mexican territory, and it came to us
by a treaty of peace, what was more carefully
guarded than the estates of those men who held
under the Spanish and Mexican Governments in
the ceded territory? Among the largest landhold-
ers at that time in California was General Andres
Pico, whose charge upon our forces on San Pas-
qual came very near changing the fortunes of
war in that department. Was his claim of right
disregarded for that, or the claims of any other
person, or of the great body of the people of that
country who had been in arms against us? In
my judgment, the people of this country have the
right to as favorable a construction of the law,
and as favorable a practice of the rules of war as
any foreign enemy—Mexican, English, French,
or Spanish.
Then, Mr. President, I contend that although
it is said the power exists in the conqueror to
seize and confiscate, it is not said by any good
authority that the right accompanies the power.
There is a vast difference between the power of a
conqueror over a subject enemy, what he may do,
and what he may rightfully do. The rule of right
is the rule of law, and the rule of right is against
seizing the property of private persons, whether
they be a foreign foe or a portion of our own peo-
ple in rebellion against us.
But, sir, there is another rule of law with re-
gard to this thing of confiscation. The bill is to
be operative immediately, and to act upon every
estate, the property of every individual, upon the
happening of an act on his part. It is a confisca-
tion of all the property of the parties now in arms.
However, that I may understand the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, I will inquire of him,
is the first section designed to operate upon per-
sons who shall, after this bill becomes a law, be
Confiscation of Property—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
in arms, or is the term (( during" to be under-
stood as relating to those who are or may be in
arms ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a little surprised that
the senator from California, a good lawyer, as I
know him to be, should ask such a question as
that. The language of the bill is " who shall."
Of course it is prospective.
_ Mr. McDOUGALL. I presumed so; but find-
ing other features in the bill quite as obnoxious
to the constitutional objection, I thought I would
ask the Senator that I might understand him per-
fectly. Now, there is a rule with regard to con-
fiscation, and it applies to almost everything of
this kind: you have got to acquire a thing before
you confiscate it. It is true, that if you have
seized and taken property as prize of war upon
the high seas, and have had possession of it twen-
ty-four hours, or have brought it into port, or in
the case of property seized on land, have brought
it within the lines of your fortifications, and got
•perfect dominion over it, had it in your posses-
sion for a certain time, so that the enemy may not
recapture it, it may, in a certain case, bccomcthe
right of the captor; but it is laid down most dis-
tinctly and clearly that there cannot be any such
appropriation of anything which you have not
taken manual capture of. You have got to take
it by act of war, by the strong hand, and not by
legislative enactment. You cannot acquire the
right in it by paper formula. The right of cap-
ture, in all instances, results from the fact that it
has been taken by the strong arm, and is within
the present dominion of the captor.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from California
will allow me to suggest a case to him. There
are men now engaged in this rebellion, and prom-
inently engaged in it, who own valuable property
in the State of New York. Cannot we confiscate
that?
Mr. McDOUGALL. That does not reach the
point of the argument to which I am now address-
ing myself. That property yon may yet get
possession of; but that docs not meet the objec-
tion to this bill. The bill in its general provision
is for the confiscation of property everywhere
upon the happening of an act, independent of
whether it is in the possession of any conquering
party or not. That view of the subject 1 shall dis-
cuss hereafter. The doctrine is laid down dis-
tinctly in all the books, as to how the conquering
party may acquire a right, how it is limited as to
the time of possession, and how as to the perfect
dominion of the captor over the tiling; but noth-
ing is said with regard to lands, because it has
never been admitted on the part of any writer on
public law that the lands of private individuals
could be made the property of the conqueror. It
has been done by violence in some old periods of
history, by semi-barbarous chiefs and Roman em-
perors, seeking either to fill their own treasury,
or apportion it out among their military chiefs.
I will now proceed to the discussion of this
measure in its relation to the Federal Constitu-
tion; and if I have not greatly misunderstood the
provisions of that instrument, legislation, such as
is proposed, is expressly prohibited. I under-
stand this act to be a general bill of attainder—not
such a one as finds precedent in English history,
where bd|s of attainder were limited to a few
named p^sons; but striking at whole communi-
ties, embracing millions of people. It is said by
writers that in cases of rebellion or other war,
individual examples may be made of the leaders
of the insurgents or the enemy; but that it would
be the worst of tyranny to include in the example
whole classes or communities of men. This is in
every one of its aspects an act of attainder, with-
out a parallel, and not striking at the leading con-
spirators—the true objects of a just vengeance 
but strikingat millions of men, operating on them
by one fell stroke, to deprive them of whatever
they may have in this world either for themselves,
their wives, their parents, or their children.
The Constitution provides that no bill of attain-
der or ex post facto law shall be passed; and I call
the attention of the Senate—I suppose it is well
understood, however—to the distinction between
the two provisions of the Constitution. One pro-
vides that no bill of attainder shall be passed; the
other that no attainder of treason shall work cor-
ruption of blood or forfeiture except during the
life of the person attainted. The first provision
relates to legislation, and inhibits the passage by
legislative bodies of acts of attainder. The other
simply limits the exercise of judicial power. By
the English law, the blood of the convict was at-
tainted; it was incapable of inheriting; and there
was a confiscation of all his estate. W'e undertook
to be more humane than the English Government.
We were establishing our institutions in the light
of ages after English law was first established.
Now, the question I put to the Senate is, is this
orisitnota bill of attainder? ViToodeson's Lectures
on English Law has been quoted as high authority
by the eminent jurists of our own country and of
England, and is, in many respects, an abler work
than the great work of Blackstone. He defines a
bill of attainder thus:
"All the modes of criminal prosecution hitherto spoken
of, whether by impeachment oi otherwise, are vindications
of the laws in being, on fthich they are wholly founded.
But besides the regular enfoicement of established laws,
the annals of most countries record signal cxeitionsof penal
justice, adapted to the exigencies unprovided for in the crim-
inal code. Such acts of the supreme power are with us
called bills of attainder, which are capital sentences, and
bills of pains and penalties, which inflict a milder degree of
punishment, in these instances the legislatuie assumes
judicial magisttacy. weighing the enormity of the charge
and the pioot adduced msuppoit of it, and then deciding the
political necessity and moral fitness of the penal judgment."
Observe, he lays down a bill of attainder, as
understood in the English law, as including cap-
ital sentences and bills of pains and penalties.
While I have this writer in my hand, I will read
something more from him on this same subject;
for it not only states what bills of attainder are,
but it goes into some discussion as to the justice
of them, and suggests some reasons for the pro-
hibition contained in our Constitution:
" It must bo admitted that in all penal statutes passed ex
post facto, cxccptwheie the innovation molJuien the rigor
of the criminal code, justice weais her sternest aspect.
Moral conscience and human finiltvhnve no longer the ad-
ditional guidance of the law. I5ills ol attainder for treason,
notwithstanding their plausible pietensoa, have offended
the geneial humanity of this nation, and have been re-
mained to roll, like Sisyphus's stone, on the promoteis."
"All civil magistiacies have in season their appointed
province. The legislative ought not to intrench on the ju-
dicial. Legislation, as it is the noblest exertion ot human
sovereignty, is the hairiest taslc oi human wt&dom ; and
should not be peiplexed by such temporary considerations
or conjunetuies as might hazard impauiahty of decision.
Ilenee the political congruity of first enacting huvs, and
then enfoicmg them on subsequent occasion'!, and by dif-
ferent magistrates, has been confirmed by the very constant
usage of the world; in the observance of which thesubiects
of eveiy State have been thought deeply interested. Thus,
when a general law is made restraining crime, the djir ap-
plication of it is a new field to exercise the faculties of our
minds. To do the whole at once, js relying too much on
our judgments, especially when the vaiious passions are
heated or aiaimed by an interesting crisis. Such is not the
time practically to overturn legal institutions, which have
either been sanctioned bv long tradition and experience, or
were dictated by temperate,reflection; and having univer-
sality for tlieit object, weic uninfluenced by present fears,
and personal enmitv oi favor. * * * * *■
'• liastly, it is said, that when it is the act of the supreme
power, whoever deserves to c^ie, dies iu-tly Tins m terms
e\e|mlo-i interior judicatures. '1 heir propei piovmcu is
heie allowed to be to declare their stable law, not to (Mi-
mate moral an tit or weigh political riangct. Have legisla-
tures a conscientious right (for I question not their unde-
fined eonstitutional powci) to proceed bv any othei iulo?
Theie is a moral and a civil justice. Offendeismay deseive
the ultimum uipplicium on a moral and philosophical view
of their guilt; but how their demerit should authorize the
political infliction of it, otherwise than according toprecs-
tahli«.hed institution*, if is difficult to determine and evince.
Offenses against the law of nature aie obnoxious to divine
punishment, heeaus<> the will of the Cieatot, which 'consti-
tutes that law, hath been sufficiently promulgated. That
the earthly rulers of society, who are "ordained such fortius
veiy end of presciibing the hne of civil conduct, should be
extreme to mark what was done amiss beyond that winch
is written, should punish the transgression of laws winch
they have neglected to give, s>eeins too great a power for
man to exorcise over man."
I understand the quality of a bill of attainder,
as thus laid down by him, to be the act of a legis-
lature which executes itself, and more, winch is
executed without any appeal to the established
and recognized judicial tribunals of the country,
either inflicting a capital scntencc or imposing upon
the individual pains or penalties. That this view
of the law of what was a bill of attainder is cor-
rectly stated, I refer to the opinion of Chief Jus-
tice Marshall in the case of Fletcher vs. Pe(.k,j3
Crane!), page 138:
"No State shall pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto
law, or law impairing the obligation of contracts.
"A bill of attainder may affect the life of an individual,
or may confiscate his property, or may do both.
