602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Sumter, a great many doubting citizens of the
tlnited States fell to the ground, and I saw My-
self, when they arose, the glory of a new bap-
tism shining upon their brows. There is, there-
fore, some apology for those who say that civil
war commenced from the time that fort was taken;
but the purpose to involve the country in a civil
War was manifest on the part of thk leaders and
chiefs of the rebellion long before that. •
Sir,the resolutions that 1 have read were offered,
they were under debate before the Senate. The
Senator from Indiana will not pretend here to-day
ftor will any other man pretend that he ever be-
lieved those resolutions could pass the Senate.
He will not deny that he knew perfectly well that,
if a vote was taken upon them, those resolutions
must be rejected. What was the purpose of offer-
ing them with the certainty tlint they would be
rejected ? There were those—Mr. Breckinridge
wusone,Mr.Clingman was another, undoubtedly
—representing here communities which had not
then declared their independence of the Govern-
ment of the United States, representing constitu-
encies which they were resolved to plunge into
the guilt of the rebellion. During the quarter of
a century in whi«h South Carolina and Georgia,
and otherStates had been educated up to the work
of "treason and revolution, North Carolina and
Kentucky had been slow to learn those lessons.
New lessons must be given them, and these res-
olutions were offered with the knowledge that if
a vote was taken upon them the vote must be
against them. They were offered for the purpose
or getting that direct vote, so that their authors
might turn around and say to their constituencies,
" you see here avowed the purpose of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to trample upon your
authority, to subjugate you, to coerce you; and
what hope is left for you but to join the ranks of
the insurgents and to cast your fortunes in with
the rebellion ?" That was the purpose beyond all
question which actuated the movers of the reso-
lutions. Is it a violent presumption to suppose
that those who insisted upon that vote being taken
coincided with the purpose of those who moved
the resolutions? Upon the subject of those res-
olutions the Senator from Indiana submitted some
remarks. He said:
" Mr. I join the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] in expressing the hope that tills resolution will
bo taken u|i; tiutcandor sequins me to say that 1 iiave little
confidence that it Will bu dime."
I Apprehend that the Senator from Ohio referred
to in these opening remarks was among the number
of those upon this floor who believed that the best
way of quieting the agitation in the southern and
hesitating States was to say to them, plainly and
intelligibly,41 the Constitution is the supreme law*,
you must bow to it; it is the dutyof the Govern-
ment to enforce the laws, and we must do it, or
be false lo that duty." Ho therefore went for a
direct vote upon the resolution.
If all on that t-ldc of the Chamber were as candid and
stmight.'orward In their manner of legislating as that Sen-
ator is, there would he no difficulty in teaching a direct vote
on the resolution under coiisicletation, or the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Notlh Catolina} but, sir, they
are not. I can but admire the bold and manly course of
the Senator from Ohio; we always know where to find him.
Il«: will vote to take, up the re*aluuoii, because ho it, in favor
Of asserting the power, and deel.uingit to be the duty, of
the General Government to hold, po-suss, and occupy all the
property belonging to it, in each and evciy one of the seen
Stfttea that have withdrawn from the Union."
The gentleman was not mistaken about the pur-
pose of the Senator from Ohio. He did believe the
Government should hold all the property belong-
ing to it.
"That Senator Is In favor of enfotein? the reflection of
the revenue m each and every one ot those States, and en-
forcing obcdienceto Federal authouty generally, and he has
the courage to say s>o ; and as much as I may, and do, dif-
fer with him, I repeat I can but commend him for his frank-
ness ; but how Hu with a largo majority oi those who usually
act with that Senator? Will they vote to take up this reso-
lution, and Urns give to those of us on this side ol the Cham-
ber who deny any such power and who oppose any such
policy"—
as what? As^the enforcement of the Federal au-
thority in airmails of the United States—-
" an oppoi tunitv of savin* f-o. and of expressing; to the Ex-
ecutive our opinion agum t coercion, m attempting coercion
iti any form."
I know how skillfully that word "coercion" has
been employed; i know how it lias been bandied
about from one disloyal man to another until it
has seemed to have an odious sound itself; but I
ivant to say here that a Government which is not
created for the purpose of coercion is created for
no purpose whatever; it is a mere pageant. To
enforce authority is its only business. That is
what it is built for, or it is built for nothing.
" i repeat, Mr. President, I hope they will j but I fear the
sequel will prove they will not.
u Now, sir, I am in favor of the resolution of the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky"-—
which simply required the President to remove the
the troops from the seceded States—
" or I am quite as willing to take the more comprehensive
amendment offered by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina."—Congressional Globe, TJtirty-SUcth Congress,
sccond sessioiiy page 1515.
And what was the more comprehensive amend-
ment offered by the Senator from North Carolina?
" That in the opinion of the Senate, It is expedient that
the President should withdraw all the troops of the United
States from the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, and abstain
from all attempts to collect revenues m the said States."
That proposition of which the Senator from In-
diana declared himself in favor at that time, was
a proposition which called upon the President to
surrender every post, every fort, every garrison,
within those States, and to abandon, in the face
of his solemn oath, every attempt to collect rev-
enue within any portion of those States. Now,
Mr. President, right or wrong, my judgmentupon
this transaction was, that Mr. Breckinridge and
Mr. Clingman offered their resolutions for the pur-
pose of getting a negative vote upon them from the
Senate, with which they could hope the better
to involve their respective constituencies in the
guilt of this rebellion; and believing that to be the
purpose for which those resolutions were moved,
I was forced to conclude that the Senator from
Indiana insisted on a direct vote upon them for the
purpose of promoting the object of the Senators
who moved them.
I know, sir, as well as an man, the danger we
are liable to, when we are judging of the motives
which actuate others, of making mistakes, of com-
ing to erroneous conclusions: but we have to do
it every day, we ate compelled to do it; and we
must not abandon ihe use of our reason and the
employment of our judgment because we?)mi/err.
On that occasion, during thai d'-bofe, and upon
that vote, I think, I am forced to believe the Sen-
ator from Indiufut took a position for the purpose
and with the intent of strengthening and multi-
plying the forces of the rebellion, of fomenting
insurrection. I adduce this as another instance
in support of the proposition 1 originally submit-
ted, that the Senator ftorn Indiana was not and is
not a friend of the Government of the United
States, and is not disposed to maintain the suprem-
acy of its Constitution.
But, sir, all those transactions are long since
past. I come now to more modern times. If the
hostility of the Senator from Indiana to this Gov-
ernment was not made manifest during the remarks
he submitted to the Senate the otherday, I do not
know how any mere words could make a senti-
ment manifest t<> anybody. I listened to his re-
marks on that occasion very closely, and with a
great deal of interest. If I had been arraigned hero
on a charge of disloyalty to this Government, I
sh >uld have felt that I was arraigned for the gravest
offense that could possibly be preferred against
me, and if I had any u wit or worth or words,"
I know I would have employed them to defend
myself againstsuch acharge. I looked to seethe
most resolute defense which had ever boon offered
at any bar, for I knew the Senator's ability remark-
ably well, brief as is the period during which I have
known him at all; and if he. had a defense to make,
I knew that he could make it—no man better than
he. I listened with all the ears I had to hear what
his defense was. I am compelled to say that I
was disappointed, not in the manifestations of abil-
ity, but! thought, notwithstanding all the energy
which was expended, the conclusion was inevita-
ble that he had no defense to make. I made one
or two notes of that speech; I have not yet seen it
t m print, and I fear that I have mislaid the notes that
1 took.
It was during that speech, however, tlmt the
, Senator did utter some complaint against those
• who had left the Senate to set up the standard of
i rebellion against the authority of the Government;
| lie did call that transaction a mad one; he did give
; abundant evidence that he disapproved of it; nay,
! he told the Senate explicitly that he advised against
1 it at the time. He told the Senate that he advised
the chiefs of the rebellion, the leaders in this great
treason, " to fight the Union inside of the Union.5*
That that was sound advice, I have no manner
of doubt. That they had better have continued
"to fight the Union inside of the Union," as
they had fought it for years, must be manifest
now to us all; for while they fought within the
Union they were successful; the moment they
stepped outside and exposed their purpose, made
known to the world that their purpose was that ""
of hostility to the Union, their success'was ended;
from that moment they ceased to be victorious.
Hut of that act the Senator did complain; he did
exhibit some bitterness; and what was the com-
plaint which he made of it? What was the wrong
which he charged on those men who had left the
Senate, and set up the standard of rebellion against
the Government of the United States within a por-
tion of the United States? What do we say was
the wrong that they committed? We say it in-
volved this country in a civil war; we say it has
destroyed the lives of thousands of our citizens;
we say that it has involved the sacrifice of an im-
mense amount of property; we say it has deprived
the people of the United States of a representation
in Congress from a large number of States; we
say that it has crippled, for the time being, and
weakened the power of the common country; we
say we are less of a nation, we do not stand so
high before the world as we did before this crime
was committed. That is the complaint which we
urge; that is the wrong which we say was com-
mitted.
What is the fault of which theCenator from In-
diana complains? Not a word of al! this; he does
not complain that life has been lost; that money
has been sacrificed; that the power of the country
has been diminished; that the authority of the na-
tion has been contemned; that our flag has been
insulted. He complains of none of these things;
but he complains that these men, by leaving the
Senate, " left him, and such as he, to the tender
mercies ofthe Senator from Massachusetts.'' That
is the only cause of complaint, the only reflection
which wrested from the Senator during the de-
fense he urged here one single tone of bitterness,
if I remember aright, or if I heard aright. Is it
possible that a loyal citizen of the United States—
to say nothing of the office of a Senator—that a
man who really believes in this form of Govern-
ment, and desires its perpetuity, can sit by with
his arms folded and see such a succession of out-
rages perpetrated againstits authority as were per-
petrated during the last winter and the last sum-
mer, and find nothing to regret in it except the
fact that the Senator from Massachusetts has a
little more influence in the Senate of the United
States than he had when the representation from
all the States was full?
Mr. President, the Senator has been defended
by others; he has been defended by those with
whom I ordinarily act, and with whom it would
always be my pleasure to act, if I could. He has
been ably deiended. The Senate has been admon-
ished to act cautiously. We have been told that
we are in danger of being influenced by partisan
feeling; that we are in danger of being prejudiced
! by passion. I know all that. 1 do not certainly
| know that I have not fallen under those dangers
myself; but I do not believe I have.
i "We are told that, although the conduct of the
| Senator, in writing the letter of the 1st of March,
j cannot be justified, it yet does not afford conclu-
! sive proof of the guilt of treason; that there is
' some doubt, or room for doubt, as to what pur-
; pose actuated the Senator in writing it. Catching
• the inspiration of such humanities as float in the
| atmosphere of the Old Bailey and your courts of
; oyer and terminer, the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Ten Eyck,] and others, have admonished
j us that we should give to the Senator from Indi-
, ana, as we should give to all other defendants in
I criminal courts, the benefit of every doubt.
• I agree to the sentimentand I agree to the appli-
cation of it. Let the Senator have the benefit of
every doubt that can possibly exist as to whether
he is guilty or not. Let us say to the Senator and
say to his people, we believe that he is not tiue to
the Constitution, and we have been forced to vote
for his expulsion from this body; but nevertheless
we are fallible; we do not know that we are right;
there is room for doubt. Do not condemn him ut-
terly; give him the benefitof that doubt; buxat the
same time give to the people of the United States
