1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is mistaken. The Secretary of War,
on the contrary, has written that he thoughtsome
reorganization of the medical department was ne-
cessary.
Mr. McPHERSON. Some reorganization !
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. He did not speak
of this particular measure of reorganization; but
he said that some reorganization was necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that the Secretary of
War, in some degree, discouraged the passage of
this bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think that the gen-
tleman is wrong. So far as I know, he has only
written that some reorganization of the medical
department was necessary. He has not himself
indicated any particular system. This measure
■will satisfy all parties as well as any measure can.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to say a word
in favor of my amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SHERMAN. My amendment, Mr. Speak-
er, proposes to give the hospital stewards the pay
that they deserve from the country, if the object of
this bill is to increase the efficiency of the medical
corps of the Army, in order that the sick and
"wounded soldiers shall be better attended to. I
Icnow no step that can be taken which will better
accomplish that purpose than my amendment. If
members will look at the Army Regulations and
see what requirements are made of hospital stew-
ards, 1 think that they will agree with me that
they are the illest paid officers of the Army. They
have to attend at the hospitals and to put up the
prescriptions of the Aimy surgeons. To do that
they must be versed in materia medico? and phar-
macy. None must be employed except those who
are capable, in oider that the prescriptions shall
be correctly put up. You only now pay a hospi-
tal steward twenty dollars a month, which is the
pay of a sergeant of the Army. 11 is not sufficient
to command the services of any man in the Uni-
ted States who has the capacity equal to the dis-
charge of the responsible duties of a hospital stew-
ard. If youlnive capable men as hospital stewards
now it is because they are there as medical stu-
dents, and for the aid that the position gives them
in their studies. I ask that my amendment be
adopted, as a matter of justice to this meiitorious
class of officers.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the atten-
tion of the House for one single moment upon
this bill. I look upon it as one of the most im-
portant measures that can attract the attention of
this Congress, provided it is impoitant to secure
the health and comfoi t of our brave Armynowin
the field. 1 am aware that the Committee on Mil-
itary A (fairs have given to this subject careful
consideration; that they have had the bestinfoim-
ation which could be obtained in regaid to the
efficiency of the Army; and I am quite satisfied
that their substitute is the best thing which can be
done at this time for the purpose we have in view.
1 understood the gentleman from Pennsylvania
{Mr. McPherson] to say the other day, that in
the list of surgeons of the Army there are only
thirteen or fourteen who had been in the Army
for ten years. I think the gentleman is quite mis-
taken. If he will look at the Army Register,
which I now hold in my hand, he will find that
twenty-four have been m the Army longer than
twenty years, and forty longer than ten years.
This corps is made up as careful as any other.
In the first place they have to undeigo a rigid ex-
amination before they are admitted as assistant
surgeons; and in the next place they have to stand
another examination before they can become full
surgeons. And before they can get in the first
rank they have to serve ten years. It was well
said by the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary A {Fairs, the other day, when this bill was un-
der consideration, that theie was no set of men in
the Army—and I will go further and say, no set
of men id the United States—-who will beai a
stricter scrutiny than many men in the medical
corps of our Army. I undertake to say that there
are men in that corps who will stand up by the
side of any men in any department of the Govern-
ment, and compare favorably—men of the very
highestcharacter,of the very nrstability,men who
have devoted their lives to tins profession and
1 think it is but due to this corps of the Army that
this addition should be made, and that it should
be made, too, from the regular medical corps, and
not extended, as is proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. McPhlkson] to the vol-
unteer service.
BATTLE AT CORINTH.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman from New-
York will yield a moment, I desire to have read
to the House a dispatch in reference to the battle
at Pittsburg Landing.
The dispatch was read, as follows:
New York, Jlpril 9,1862.
The New York Herald ofthis morning has an extra con-
taining the following particular of the gteat battle at Pitts-
burg Landing:
Pittsburg, via Fort Henry,
April 9, ldb'2—3.yu, a. m.
One of the bloodiest, battles of modern times has just
closed, resulting m the complete rout of the enemy, who
attacked us on Sunday a. m. The battle lasted until Mon-
day at 4.35, when the enemy commenced then retieat, and
aie still flying towards. Corinth. They aie pursued by a
large force of cavalry. The slaughter on both sides is im-
mense. The Union lo*s in killed, wounded, and missing
is from eighteen to twenty thousand. That of the enemy
is estimated at from thnty-five to torty thou-and. 1 give
>ou the best account hom obseivation, having passed
through the storm ot action for the two days it raged. The
fight was brought on hy a body of three hundred of the
twenty-fifth Missouri, theiightof General Prentiss, attack-
ing the advance guaid of the rebels, supposed to be pickets
of the enemy in fiontof the camp. The rebels immediately
advanced on Geneial Prentiss. Our fotces soon foimed into
line. Huilbuf's division was thrown foiwaid to support
the center, when a depcrate conflict ensued.
At five, p. m., the lebels forced our left wing back so as
to occupy lull two thirds of oui camp, and were lighting
then way forward with desperate courage in their efforts
to dnve us into the river, and at the same time heavily en-
gaged oui nglu. General Giant and staff, who had been
leckles-sly ruling along our lines duuns? the en lire day amid
a storm of bullets, now rode fiom light to lett, inciting our
men to stand firm until i deforcements could eiossthe river.
The gunboats Ije.ungton and Tyler, which lay ashoit dis-
tance off, kept laming shell on the tebt-1 foices. 'Tiius the
contest raged till night.
Duung the night Majoi General Wallace arrived and took
position on the  ight; and Geneial liueil'ti foieot, fiom the
opposite side and .Savannah.nowbeiugeomeyed to the bat-
lie giound, the enUte right ot General Nelson's division was
ordeted to fonn on the right, and the forces'undci Genetal
Crittenden weic ordered to ln« support e;ulv m the morning
Sccond Dayh Battle.—The battle ol the second day raged
with various successes and icpulse-s until five, p. m., when
the whole icbel army was in full retieat to Corinth, with
our cavalry in hot pursuit. Gencial Buell followed the
retreating rebels, driving them m fine «tvle. We lost a
number of oui toiees prisoners \otciday, among whom
is Getiotal Prcutivs, who wa-. ippoucd being w ounded.
Among thv killed on the tebel side w as then chief general,
Albert  Sidnev Johnston. iMsfmthei lepoited lhat Gen-
cud Beauiegaid had his aim ^hoi uif. Captain Caison \v a-=
killed by a cannon ball.
ARMY MEDICAL DEPARTMENT AGAIN.
Mr. STEELE, of Now York. I am unable, to
understand any very good reason why this very im-
portant department of the Army should not have
a brigadier general at its head, as well as other
departments. I am unable to understand why it
is that proper and reasonable promotions m this
department of the Army should not exist as well
as m any other. I do not see why these men,
who have come forward as they have, anddevoted
their lives to the services of their country, should
be shut out from the idea of reasonable and pioper
promotion, any more than those in the service of
any other department of the Army. I think every-
body knows that there is no single department
better calculated to encourage the soldiery, and to
give them the idea of security and safety, if prop-
erly attended to, than this veiy medical depart-
ment. Why, they have chaise of the hospitals,
of all the ambulances, of all the mrdtcal stoics,
and of everything which is calculated to conti ibute
to the comfort of the sick and wounded soldiers.
Sir, it is no sinecure office; they have no ineffi-
cient pait to perform,even upon the field of battle.
Many men have the courage and the nerve to face
the storm of battle; many men can do this and
move resolutely in the thickest of the fight; but I
think it requires practice and experience, and as
true courage and loyalty as any man can possess
to stand over the wounded soldier and perform
the most difficult operations in the midst of the
most fearful strife. And I apprehend that if there
is any class of men in our Army that require ex-
perience in the field, in order that they may ad-
minister comfort to those that aie stricken down
m the tight, and to afford relief, if relief is pos-
sible, it is the surgeons of the Army. The men
who direct all these things should be those who
understand this profession by expcricncc as well
as study.
I do not think that it is any disrespect to the
volunteer service to say that these men who have
given their lives to this business, these men who
stand high in their profession, and who would
stand high in any profession or in any department
of the Government, and who have had a large ex-
perience, are better qualified to direct and control
this important department than any man that can
be taken from the volunteer service. Those who
have been educated to this business, I suppose,
are best able to manage it. It is a profession by
itself, and it requires systematized and continued
practice to become familiar with its duties and its
details.
I trust and hope that this department of our
Army will not now be stricken out by opening
these few offices and these few opportunities for
promotion to the whole volunteer service, thereby
substantially throwing out the only men compe-
tent to fill the positions provided in this bill. The
bill allows these officers to be taken from any grade
of the medical department of the regular Army.
Perhaps that may be objectionable in the minds
of some men, and I am not sure that it is the
wisest course. But I am not disposed to find fault.
I take it for granted that the President will ex-
ercise this power, as I tiustlie will all others, in
a judicious and proper manner, and that he will
not undertake to demoi alize this medical corps by
going down on the list farther than may be neces-
sary to find the men of proper qualifications for
the several positions; for we all know that if men
ofmfcriorgradc arc promoted over their superiors
in rank the effect is demoralizing, unless very
strong and sufficient reasons can be given for such
discrimination. And this, I apprehend, is well
understood by the President, and therefore may
be trusted to his discretion.
I am satisfied that the Committee on Military
Affairs have given this bill a careful consideration;
and I am satisfied that they have found, upon ex-
amination , that there is no other civilized Govern-
ment in the world which has not provided for the
medical department of its army greater encour-
agement in the way of promotion and rank than
exists in this: and it is high time that we were at-
tending to this matter ourselves, and giving more
efficiency to this department, which is becoming
more and more important as our armies advance,
and the sick and wounded soldiers accumulate,
and whose care and comfoi t are dear to every
American heart. And I apprehend that no gen-
tleman, who considers the trifling expense which
this bill imposes, compared with its great import-
ance to our soldiers and to their friends at home,
but will feel that this department ought to be prop-
erly and thoroughly organized so as to do all that
can be done for those who are wounded in the
field or become disabled m camp. And I hope that
the substitute reported by our Military Commit-
tee, after such mature and careful consideration,
may be adopted substantially as repoi ted by them,
and at once.
ISLAND NUMBER TEN.
Mr. WRIGHT. With the permission of the
House, I will ask the Clerk to read a dispatch in
leference to our operations at Island No. 10.
The dispatch was read, as follows:
Fla<; Ship Bentov,
1st,and No. 10, lire Cairo, April 8, 1862.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Kan/.
I have to intoim the Department that since'[ sent the tel-
egram lar t night, announcing the surrender to me of I&land
No. 10, possesion lias been taken of both the l-iand and
tiie woiks upon the Tennessee shore, by gunboats and the
tioops under command of Geneial Butord. Seventeen of-
ficei-< and three hundred and sixty-eight private^. besides
one hundied of theit sick arid one hundted men employed
on hoard the transports, are in our hands, unconditionally
pu^oneis of wai.
1 have caused a hasty examination to be made of the tort?,
batteries.and munitions ot wai captured. There aie eleven
eaithvvoiks, with seventy heavy cannon, varyingm caliber
fiom thirty-two to one bundled potmdejs, rifled. The mag-
azines aie well supplied with powder, and thete aie large
quantities of <=hot, shelN, and other munitions of war. and
also eieat quantities of provisions.
Pour steameis afloat have fallen into out band^and two
others, with the rebel gunboat Giampus aie Mink, but will
be easily iai?ed. The floating battel y ot ma teen heavy gun-,
turned aduft by the iobol«, w s-aid to be lyin^ on the ".Mis-
souri shore, below New Madnd.
The enemy upon the mam land appear to have fled with
gioat pteripitauon attei dark hu-t night, leaving, m manv
eases, half prepaied ineaN in their quartet?, and ihote ap-
peals to have been no conecrj of action between the icbels
upon the inland arid those occupj mg the Mioie, hut the iat-
tci tied, lea\ mg the foi nier to tlieir tate.
TJiebO works, erected with the highest en<iineei;ng<<kiil,
are of gieat stieiigth, and, with their natural advantages,
