2544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4.
will be more equally borne, than a tux upon the
manufactures of cotton. It is for these reasons
in brief, that I shall vote for this tax.
Mr. SIMMONS. I agree with what the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire says, that this is a tax
which we must lay; but, in levying it I suppose
he will agree with me that we ought to try to do
it with as little injury as possible to the various
interests of the country. He instanced the article
of leather, 1 have drawn a provision on that very
subject.
ISdr. SUMNER. What is your provision?
Mr. SIMMONS- I am going to read it if I can
get the ear of the Senator from New Hampshire.
The Senator was very correct in his analogy be-
tween leather and cotton; and I was about to try
to lower the tax on that very article, to putin this
proviso at the end of the section:
Provided, That when any kind of leather is further man-
ufactured into aiticles on which a tax is imposed by this
act, the amount of the tax paid on it shall he deducted from
the tax imposed upon the article made therefrom.
That I thought was right. We should not
accumulate these taxes one upon the other.
Mr, COWAN. My friend will allow me to ask
him whether the whole tax will not then be in the
end a drawback ? There is no leather that is not
manufactured intosomething;and when thatsome-
thing comes to pay its tax, then the drawback is
to be allowed. Would it not be better to strike
the tax off leather altogether?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir. Perhaps the Sen-
ator has not reflected very much upon the subject.
I will illustrate the meaning of the proviso: for
instance, take a piece of leather, enough to make
a pipr of shoes, that would pay a cent tax, and
then, when it was made into a pair of shoes, they
would pay three per cent.: instead of having four
ccnts paid as tax, wc should take off the one that
was paid first. The Government would get one
cent for the leather and two for the shoes, and
have three in all. It is not a drawback.
I desire to make a proposition in this connec-
tion, if it is in order, because I am going to pro-
pose a substitute for this cent tax upon cotton,
and I think it will be one that will give satisfac-
tion. I want to take the articles that we have
agreed upon out of this long list of articles, and
put them into a list by themselves. There is no
further dispute about them. Then I want to
make some general provision about this long list
which embraces a thousand articles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not a thousand.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, I will say a hundred.
I do not care how many there are.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Then do not make an
argument of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not want to make an
argument of it. I want to have that list of arti-
cles, if I can, bear one rate of tax, and I will pro-
pose, as an amendment, to add a section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is out of order now;
theie is a question pending.
Mr. SIMMONS. Cannot I move to amend it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
uuLh in the chair.) As the Chan' understands the
question, it is nut now in order to move an amend-
ment; there is an amendment pending to the amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. SIMMONS. What is the amendment''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proviso
offered by the Senator Irom New Hampshire, to
comc in after line thirty, is the question now pend-
ing, and then the question will be on concurring
with thecommiitei; in striking out the tax on cotton.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will explain what I would
like to do, and then, I think, there will be no ob-
jection. I do not want to embarrass proceedings
on the bill. Of couise I shall vote fur the proposi-
tion ofthe Senator from Now Hampshnc, but I was
going to suggest to him and the Senate that I should
like to have this long list of manufactures, bearing
various rates of duty, all bear tlrn e per cent.: and
instead of having a drawback on this cotton, what-
ever may be the amount imposed, I should like to
have but one tax on cotton manufactures, whether
it be in the shape of a tax of three per cent, on the
manufactured aiticle, or three fourths of a cent,
or a cent—whatever the Senate choose to put—on
the raw article, but not on both of them. I think
Senators must he aware that in the present ciit—
ical condition of that business, (and it has not been
ovei stated,) to put what the Senator from Ohio
yesterday estimated very accurately at $4,000,000
on the raw product, and then a tax of three per
cent., which will amount to at least §2,500,000
more—$6,500,000 on the manufactures of cot-
ton 
Mr. SUMNER. Is it as much as that?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. If you put a cent
a pound on cotton, that would be about four mil-
lions, and three per cent, on the manufactured
article would be about two and a half millions.
Now, the whole labor bestowed on this cotton, on
four hundred thousand bales, as I cipher it out,
is about six millions of dollars, and probably as
much more on the fine goods; they do not make
so many yards when worked up, but they take
more labor and work per pound, so that proba-
bly we put twelve millions of dollars of labor on
the seven hundred and fifty thousand bales of cot-
ton we manufacture in this country. If you put
a tax on that of six and a half millions, it is fifty
per cent, on all the labor we put on it. Anybody
can see that that is an unreasonable tax. I should
be perfectly willing to let the three per cent, go
upon all manufactures, including cotton, if there
was no tax on raw cotton; or I would strike the
three per cent, off cotton manufactures, and let the
three per cent, go on all the rest, and put three
fourths of a cent on cotton, which would amount
to $3,000,000, and a cent and a half on the finer
cotton, the sea island cotton, which we work into
thread, so as to have two rates. The sea island
cotton is usually double the price of the upland.
Then we should have two rates, according to the
value of the article. I think our friends here will
see the propriety of not taxing twice over such
a leading article as this is, which is now in a very
depressed condition. I could not help noticing,
yesterday, in the remarks of the Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from Wisconsin, that they
were going to start our mills very easily. The
Senator from Ohio said if you put on this six mil-
lions, and then the other two or three millions, it
was not too little, and if they would wait awhile
they would get it back again. We cannot start
them now, without any tax at all. That is the
trouble.
I agree, then, to impose this tax of three mil-
lions piincipally for the reason assigned by the
Senator from Maine. It looks bad to me to have
a drawback on the cotton worked up here, and
none on that which goes abroad. I know what
the provision of tne Constitution is; and I think,
as he said, it is a kind of working around it. But
if we impose a tax of three quarters of a cent a
pound on the upland and a cent and a half on the
sea island, wc shall get about sixteen millions out
of it, thirteen or fourteen millions of which will
be paid by foreigners, and the other three by our
manufacturers; and we shall not have to pay more
than half or three quarters of a million more than
by the three per cent, tax on the manufactured
article. I think our people in the East would
rather pay it than have that discrepancy in the
law, which would look as if we did it for the
purpose of evading the Constitution. If we put
the tax on all the cotton, nobody can doubt our
ught to do it, because we tax ouiselves the same
as wc do foreigners; and then we are bound to get
it when it goes abroad, and to get a good deal. I
think the Senator fiom Ohio, if he would reflect
on this subject, would be satisfied with this tax
of three quarters of a cent on the upland and a
cent and a half on the sea island cotton. We use
the sea island cotton to make thread of, and that
is the only use for if in our country; but the man-
ufacture is considerable, and our thread mills are
ail running. I think the country would be satis-
fied with that, and I think the bill would be vastly
more simple than to have three per cent, on every-
thing that is manufactured m this country.
I wish to make one remark about what has mis-
led, as I think, the House committee in making
these specific duties on domestic fabrics. Specific
duties are very important when the articles come
ftom abroad, because we know they are under-
valued; but in this country, when they are made
here, and everybody is familiar with the price,
there is no sort of reason for them whatever.
Everybody knows what the price of cotton goods
and woolen goods is. There is nobody to make
a false leturn, or wiio could get anything by it;
and three per cent, is so small that nobody would
] ever think of e\adm^ that. If 1 can induces the
! Senator from New llampshiie to withdraw his
i amendment, I should like to put this one in shape.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator can induce me to
do that very easily for his accommodation; for I
certainly will do it, if he has anything he wishes
to propose. His experience is very much greater
than mine, and I will withdraw my amendment,
which, as the yeas and nayshave not been ordered,
I have a right to do, and let him propose his
proposition. Then I can renew it by and by if
necessary.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will propose, in order to
have this section on manufactures in shape, so
that what we have done will not be interfered with,
to transfer the articles we agreed upon, and put
them in another section, and then make a little
verbal amendment that will not occupy five min-
utes. I propose to strike out in the seventy-first '
section the items agreed upon both in Committee
of the Whole and in the Senate, and put them in
another place.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the amendment?
Mr. SIMMONS. It is merely to take petro-
leum oil, tobacco, and such items as we have agreed
on, and put them in a section by themselves, in
order that I might amend the other section, and
not interfere with them.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island is not in
order. The question before the Senate is on con-
curringwith the committee in their report to strike
out the tax upon cotton. The Senator from Rhode
Island offers an amendment not germane to that
amendment at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is to perfect the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But to change
other parts of the bill. The Senator from Rhode
Island can only offer, at this stage, an amendment
to the amendment of the committee; and as this
amendment proposed by him reaches to other
parts of the bill, in the opinion of the Chair it
would not be in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will try to get itinin some
way or other, so as not to have a dispute about
the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 thoughtthis important sub-
ject over last night, and 1 intend to propose a
proposition that 1 hope will be acceptable to both
classes of interests here. It is substantially the
one that was made yesterday; but in order to
avoid being the same, I will move to strike out
the words " of one cent per pound,"and to insert
the words t( of one half cent per pound." This
will put this tax on cotton on just the same foot-
ing with the leather tax. After reflection, I have
concluded that it would be probably better to com-
mence with a tax of half a cent. I shall expect to
see the representatives of the manufacturing inter-
est waive all their objections to it. The tax upon
leather, which is as you may say an agricultural
product, is in many cases equivalent to five per
cent, on the value. I am willing, therefore, in
order to secure the tax, and to avoid all contro-
versy, to take a tax of half a cent per pound, which
would yield a revenue, in ordinary times, of over
ten millions, and would not be oppressive. There
can be no argument or objection against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio proposes to strike out " one," and in-
sert" one half." That was voted upon yesterday,
as the Chair is informed, and it. would not be in
oider to make the same motion to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. But, to avoid that difficulty,
I propose to stiike out the words " one cent per
pound,"and to insert " one half cent per pound."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Was not that
the precise question ?
Mr. SHERMAN That is the precise question,
in fact; but it is not the precise question in form,
and therefore it is sufficient to avoid the rule.
Mr. SIMMONS. Of course 1 should greatly
prefer to have the tax half acent instead of a cent;
but I would ask the Senator from Ohio if, foi^the
sake of getting two and a quarter or two and a
half millions, in the form of a tax of three per
cent, on the manufactures of the East, he would
forego the chance of getting $8,000,000 out of Eu-
rope on the balance that was exported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to leave the tax
on cotton goods precisely as it is now, three per
cent, on the manufactured article, givine a draw-
back to the manufacturer when he exports the
article when it will be brought in competition
with foreign products.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, I want the Senator to
