64
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 3,
'37th-Cong 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Property—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
. « In this form the power uf U.e legislature oyer the 1 yes
and fortunes of individuals is expressly restrained. What
mottve.lhon, for implying in words which importagenera]
woMMtion to impair the obligation of contracts, an excep-
tion in favor of til? right to impair the obligation of those
contracts into which the State may enter.'"
The same interpretation of the meaning of a
Ml of attainder is recognized by Mr. Justice Sto-
ry, in his Commentaries on the Constitution, and
I will read somewhat from him, for he may be
called a recognized authority, and probably is re-
gained as g{iod authority try all Senators on this
floor;
" Bills of attainder, as they are technically called, are
such special acts of the legislature as inflict capital punish-
metits upon persons supposed to be guilty of high ofienses,
such as treason and felony, without any conviction in the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings. If an act
a milder degree of punishment than death, it is called a bill
of pains and penalties. But in the sense of the Constitu-
tion, it seems that bills of attainder include bills oi pain«i
and penalties; lor the Supreme Court have said 11 bill of
attainder may affect the life of an individual, or may confis-
cate Ins property, or both.* In Mich cnsca the legislature
assume* judicial magistracy, pionouncwg upon theguiitol
tlic parry, without am/ of the common Jorms and guards oj
trial, and satisfy itself with proojn, when such, m oof are
tvilhin Us reach', whether they arc conformable to the rules oj
evidence or not. In short, in all sueh cases the legislature
exerciscs the highest power of sovereignty, and what may
be properly deemed an irresponsible despotic discretion,
being governed solely hy what it deems political necessity
or expediency, an* too often under the influence of unrea-
sonable tears or untounded suspicions. Sueh acts have
often been resorted to in foreign Governments* a common
casino of state; and even in England they have been pushed
to the most extravagant extent in bad times, reaching as
Weil to the absent and the dead as to the living, fair Ld-
waid Coj<o has mentioned it to be anions the tianscciulent
powers of Parliament, that an act may be passed to attaint
a man niter he is dead. And the reigning momuch who
was slain at Hoswortli, is said to have boon attainted by an
act of Parliament a few months alter his death, notwith-
standing the absurdity of deeming him at onec in posses-
sion of the throne and a traitor. The punishment has ol ten
been Inflicted without calling upon the patty accused to
answer, or without even the formality of proof; and some-
times because the law, in its ordinary course of proceed-
ings, would acquit the offender."—Stonfs Commentaries on
- the Constitution, sec. 1344.
He're let me say that in attainders by the Eng-
lish law they have been infinitely more liberal
than is provided by the terms of this bill. There,
after the legislative investigation, judgment, sen-
tence pronounced, if you please, the party had his
day in court, and might assign objections to the
attainder. Here you pass a law operating, and
to operate instantly on its passage,upon millions
of people, and the agents of the Government in-
stantly proceed upon their mission, marching with
our Army, not to bring captured property be-
fore the courts, but to seize and sell it, wherever
foitnS, at their discretion. And the party suffer-
ing this legislative condemnation, this magisterial
act, has no redress, no remedy—not one provided
for in the courts of the country. If the Ituv be good
for anything, the act of the Government eloihing
its agent with this power is final on the rights of
the property seized, divests the property because
the lnquostis supposed to be had. '1 he individual
seizing pronounces judgment, if you please; he
sells in open market or at private sale; his seizure
divests the estate; his grant invests the estate.
Either your law is valueless, it has 110 substance
at all, or this is its effect; or otherwise, if any plea
can be set up against this act, you have provided
for involving the estates of at least one third of
the confederacy in a series of litigation affecting nil
property, the rights of all citizens, ami leaving
them in a condition worse than if they were in a
state of actual war; for general war in the courts
of justice is more to be deprecated than war upon
the battle-field. I continue the extract I was read-
ing from Story's Commentaries:
"The injustice and iniquity of such acts in general, con-
stitute un irresistible argument against the existence of the
powei. in a ftee Government it would beiutolemble; and
in the bands of a leaning faction, it might be aud probably
would he abused to the ruin and death of the most virtuous
citizens. Bills of this sott have been most usually passed
in Kneland in times of iebeIlion,orof gross subserviency to
the Crown, or ol violent political excitements; periods in
which all nations are most liable (as well the free as the
enslaved) to ibiget their duties, and to trample upou the
rights and libeitics of otheis.''—But.
Mr. President, may we not well ask ourselves
if we are not, to some extent, in the condition here
depicted by the commentator? I say that this bill
has all the characteristics of an act of attainder as
stated by the Supreme Court, as discussed by
Woodeson, as laid down by Story, without the
intervention of the eourtsof justice, which bythe
established rules of law in civilized countries have
the administration of estates, the determination ot
the rights of property. We provide for the trans-
fer of estates by legislative act. It is true there
is a condition precedent to the title passing, but
we say it shall pass upon the happening of this
act, and the party loses his right when it does
transpire. Suppose we pass this act to-day, what
is the consequence? The gentleman says it is not
intended to be retroactive. Then to-day through-
out all the South every man in arms, from the
highest to the lowest, by this act loses his estate.
To-day every man throughout the South who lias,
whether for the purpose of self-protection, or in
the course of casual conversation, or as a mattei
of necessary policy, done anything, or said any-
thing, or written anything which may be con-
strued into lending aid and comfort to the enemy,
is divested of all his property, real and personal.
All that is to be done is to send the agents, civil
or military, of the United States to seize it. Have
Senators considered what the appointment of a
body of agents of this kind will bring upon the
country; that we are to carry on a war ofdetect-
lves, informers, and witnesses againt the South,
instead of a war of arms; that we are to bring
down upon them an army of harpies, with their
vulture appetite and their vulture claws to rend
the possessions of the South, that they may them-
selves carry off some of the fragments to then
own homes near to the gates of hell?
There is nothing that I can conceive of that
would be so disastrous to this country as to or-
ganize an army of informers, detectives, and sub-
sidized witnesses to scour the South, and the
North, if you please, too. In the State of Con-
necticut,for example, somebody has manufactured
a gun that has been sold andfound its way some-
how to Charleston, South Carolina. There are
anxious spies about, plenty of men who would
prefer a case of this kind to obtaining a patent
ri«'ht. 1 speak not of Connecticut particularly; I
speak of tlie North generally. While this kind
of espionage and this kind of investigation and
this banding together of agents, detectives, and
witnesses would take place, what would be the
result ? Parties are so hostile that you cannot go
to a neighborhood where you will not find a man
of one party who will tell you that his neighbor
of the other party is a secessionist. Go to that
neighbor, and he will tell you that the other is
worse than u secessionist, an abolitionist. How
glad would they be to be informed thatalawwas
passed whereby neighbor could be set on watch
against neighbor, by cunning and stratagem to
ascertain if he had not done or said something by
which his handsome estate, his pleasant cottage,
his comfortable home might be seized from him
and he and his family dnven out. While this
would be true throughout many parts of the
North, how would it be in the South,where it is
assumed, populnrly, that every man is a traitor,
and where a man dare not whisper loyalty; whore,
if he says anything, he must say something that
sounds like treason. There is a vastfield for enter-
prise; there fortunes can be made in a day, for,
by this law, all power is given to these agents;
they seize, sell, and report, and it is not even pro-
vided that the report shall be under oath.
They seize and sell; and sell to whom? The
sales will bo Government sales. WHth a war
ends—like that in Utah for instance—the auction-
eer, the vendor, and the purchaser are generally
persons in the same interest, and what is worth
$1,000 is sold for ten dollars. And who are to be
these agents clothed with this mighty power? Are
they to be agents over whom we have any con-
trol—nominated by the President to the Senate?
No; the Piesident's appointees, and each partic-
ular appointee, of course, will exercise the author-
ity of seizure and sale, with his detectives and
his harpies about him. I can understand how a
nation can bear a great war, where war is carried
on by armed men on the battle-field—how it can
stand the sacrifice of blood and treasure. There
| is suffering at the time; but years pass by, and
the prosperity of the nation returns. , There may
bo compensation in the dignity and elevation that
even war can infuse into a people. But a war of
detectives, informers, agents, and suborned wit-
nesses for the purpose of seizing estates, will breed
a disease from which this nation can never re-
cover—a leprous disease, which will hang around
us in all the ages to come; lepers we shall be, and
a leprous people.
Mr. President, the chairman of the Committee
on the^Judiciary, in vindicating the constitution-
ality of his bill—for he thought it certainly so
questionable that it required vindication—chose
to refer to a number of authorities; and that we
may get at the issue as to the question of law, I
propose to give to them a cursory examination.
The first case he cited was thatof Cooperts. Tel-
fair, (4 Dallas, 14.) The question there arose
under an act of the Legislature of the State of
Georgia, passed May 4, 1782—an act passed five
years before the adoption of the Constitution, and
during the Revolution."%The question that arose
before the court was sirirply whether banishment
and confiscation were inhibited by any provision
in the constitution of Georgia. The question of
its relation to the Constitution of the United States
was not mooted, for there was no Constitution of
the United States. Mr. Justice Washington, m
delivering the opinion of the court, said:
u Where an offense is notcommitted within some county
of the riutc, the constitution makes no provision for a tiial,
neither as to the place nor as to the manner. Is sueh an
offense (peihaps the most dangerous treason) to be consid-
ered as beyond the reach of the Government, even to for-
feit the piopeity of the offender within its territorial bound-
ary." A*-".*******
"The constitution of Georgia does not expressly inter-
dict the passing of an act of attainder and confiscation by
the authority of the Legislature."
There had been no inhibition in the State con-
stitution ; and under the Articles of Confederation
tht} powers of the States were altogether different
from what they became after we established the
present Constitution. That is the first case that
the gentleman relies upon from which he gets the
right to confiscate. He next cites the case of
Smith vs. The State of Maryland, (6 Cranch, 286,)
which is obnoxious to the same objection. The
confiscation in that case was under an act of the
Legislature of Maryland, passed in 1707—a law
of the province of Maryland; and the only ques-
tion involved was, whether our treaty of peace
with Great Britain applied to the case or not. The
syllabus is:
" A writ of error lies to the highest court of a State in a
case where the question is, whether a confiscation under
the law of the State was complete before the treaty of peace
with Great Britain.
" By the confiscating acts of Maryland, the equitable in-
terests ot British subjects v\rcre confiscated, without office
found, or entry, or other act done, and although sueh equit-
able interests were not discovered until long after the
peace."
That ease arose under a law passed and oper-
ative in Maryland long before the establishment
of the Constitution; and the question was simply
whether the confiscation'had been complete, per-
fected, so as to vest the title in the persons who
had acquired it under the confiscation before the
treaty with Great Britain; for if it was not com-
plete before the treaty, the treaty would have come
m and saved the estate of the person whose prop-
erty was seized. It had nothing at all to do with
this question—was altogether foreign to it.
The case of Brown vs. The United States, (8
Cranch, 110,) cited by the Senator from Illinois,
in his opening argument, is a case where the right
of seizure was denied by the Supreme Court.
There the property was the cargo of a vessel in
one of our ports; and it was seized after hostili-
ties had commenced between the United States
and Great Britain. The cargo had been landed
and tied up on shore—had been discharged from
the ship; and the court say that, being on land, it
was not the subject of seizure. That is the point
of the case.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator will allow me
to suggest that the point in that case was, that the
property of a belligerent in the country, at the
declaration of war, was not forfeited by the decla-
ration of war, but that it required a special act to
do it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. True, the court decided
that the declaration of war did not operate to give
the right of confiscation; but the court made a
special distinction, and the judgment can be rested
on that very distinction, between the maritime
law of nations and the internal law of nations.
That distinction was one of the considerations
governing the case; and the right to seize and con-
