1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
65
Confiscation of Property—Mr. McDougall.
fiscate was clearly denied. I have chosen to refer
to the decision particularly, because the court
make the distinction, which should be borne in
mind in this discussion, between the maritime
law of nations administered on the high seas com-
mon to all civilized States, and the law of nations
within the limits of a Government and its terri-
tonal jurisdiction in connection with the constitu-
tion and laws of that particular country. The
maritime law of nations as administered in the
prize courts of the United States is the same law
that is administered in England. The English
judges in admiralty rely on our authorities quite
as much as they do on their own, and I believe
more on the authority of the courts of the United
States than those of any other country, and we, on
the other hand, rely more on their authority. Mr.
Phihimore, the Q,ueen's proctor in admiralty and
judge of the cinque ports, and one of the most
eminent men in this department of jurisprudence,
says that the law administered in the courts of
admiralty in Great Britain is the same as the law
in the courts o£ admiralty in the United States,
Denmark, Sweden, Spain, and all the civilized
nations of the world; and it is not the law of na-
tions as to war, for in treating of the laws of war
Grodus, PufFendorf, and all the continental jurists
treat of war between contending armies, whereas
the maritime law of nations has grown out of cer-
tain ordinances in old times when an effort was
first made to give to those who sailed on the high
seas some other character than that of pirates-
ordinances established sometimes between com-
mercial nations, and then a series of practices,and
a body of treaties; and really the treaties that have
existed between commercial nations are a great
part of the law of nations itself, and our conform-
ity to the general maritime law of nations may be
considered as of the dignity of a treaty, for it
enters into and becomes a part of our own law.
I hat vessels of enemies may be seized anywhere
upon the high seas is a rule of maritime war. If
we treat with regard to the property of neutrals
with the great Powers of Europe, the effect of that
treaty will be to establish a new rule of maritime
law.
The Senator cited the case of the Venus, Rae,
master, (8 Cranch, 253.) The Venus was cap-
tured by the Dolphin, brought into a port of
Massachusetts, and claim made for part of the
cargo; and the only matter determined by the court
was a question of fraud in the register. It is
true that many questions as to the right of seizure
werediscussedin the case; butin speakingof them,
the court speak only of those seizures recognized
by the maritime laws of nations. The same is true
of the case of the Amy Warwick recently decided in
Massachusetts by Judge Sprague; a mere question
of maritime seizure, and the point involved was
the hostile character of theparty claimant, whether
he was really a friend of the Government, or
whether, having his domicil abroad, he had not
acquired the new character of an enemy; and
whether, under these circumstances, he could
maintain his right, which otherwise might have
been conceded, admitting the seizure of the ves-
sel itself to have been within the maritime law of
war.
The last case cited by the Senator from Illinois
is worth particular attention. It is the case of
Johnson vs. Mcintosh, a recent case, decided in 5
Curtis. From it he quotes these very pointed,
and, it might seem, very comprehensive words:
" Conquest gives a title which the courts of the
conqueror cannot deny." It is worth while to in-
quire under what circumstances this language was
used by the judge delivering the opinion. A party
claimed title to a piece of property in the North-
west—Indian territory; he claimed his title under
a giant made by the chief and men of authority
of the tribe having possession of these lands, as
against the Government of the United States, and
the question is argued by the court in this wise:
when, after the conquest of America, Spain and
England and Holland and other States of Europe
sought to acquire possession of the territories in
this country, they thought that their bringing civ-
ilization and the Christian religion to the savages
justified them in taking possession of their prop-
erty; and therefore upon this ground England
claimed the i ight by possession, and that the plant-
Ne\v Series—No. 5. -
Senate.
ing of the English flag gave the jus dominion
whereverpossession was taken, and so of the other
S'tates. 1 say they based the right upon the fact
that in exchange for this violent seizure of the
property of a people not at war with them, they
brought civilization and the Christian religion;
and what did those men of that day, more bar-
barous than ours, lay down the rule to be? That
the fee, the ultimate estate, was in the Crown of
England, but the usufruct was in the Indian tribes.
That the Indian had the right to possess, and to for-
ever possess, the lands and the fruits of the lands;
and therefore, from the earliest day, the colonies
from Holland and from England always negotiated
with the Indian tribes, and purchased out what
they called their possessory right, which was the
full and entire benefit in the lands occupied and
possessed by them. They said,e' the Indians can-
not convey; they may enjoy; but because they
are barbarous and we are a sort of guardians of
theirs, they may enjoy the lands, but they can-
not convey the lands to anybodyexcept the guard-
ian Government; that even the Government has
not the right to take these lands except by pur-
chase." Will not this Indian law of seizure be a
sufficient law to meet the views of the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee? Suppose now we
say we have got the dominion over all the prop-
erty of the conquered countiy, can we not afford
to say we take it becausc we bring back the Con-
stitution and the laws, as well as if wc brought
Christianity and civilization? We will take the
dominion, and we will treat you as well as your
ancestry and ours treated the savages of the con-
tinent; we will leave you at least the possession
and the usufruct in that which you have hereto-
fore enjoyed and are now enjoying. I protest, in
the name of modern civilization, against making
for the people of the South a worse law, a severer
and more penal law, than the one our ancestry
administered against the savages of this coast, than
the one which our people administered in the war
against Mexico—a people among whom were
none of our race or kindred, none bound to us by
any common traditions or former ties of friend-
ship or affection.
Mr. President, no such policy will secure peace.
You may make what are callecl in the citations I
have made a body ofdesperate" men; you may
depiive thousands and hundreds of thousands of
their estates, of their all; you may say, " we will
place you beneath the yoke, you shall be subju-
gated to us." Were they a people who had lived
under the most abject slavery, the question would
be whether tliey would submit to this from new
masters; but there can be no such submission from
a people who have once been free, who have learned
what freedom is from their mothers' lips in in-
fancy, and have enjoyed what freedom bestows
through youth and into manhood. The degrada-
tion of imposing terms disgiaceful and humilia-
ting will notbe stood by any portion of this people.
It would not be stood by the people of the State
of Maine, if single-handed they had to maintain
their pine forests against the Union in arms. It
would be stood by no community in this Republic.
Then indeed there would be sacrifices; every true-
hearted man would be willing, rather than submit
to this, to make himself a sacrifice. No true man
but would rather die with honor than live not only
with himself but with his people disgraced.
I trust we all look for the return of peace. I
trust we all look for a reunited Confederacy. But
let us not expect to secure peace or union by pass-
ing laws which will only make men desperate,
make fiercely hostile all now friendly to us m the
country to which wc propose to go, and where we
propose to raise our flag. It will not only make
them enemies, but make all our enemies desperate.
We did not take Fort Donelson so much by the
specific power of our arms; but the men in arms
there had no heart in this controversy; they had
been forced in the tide of revolution into their par-
ticularposition. They doubted the justice of their
cause; many knew the cause to be unjust. How
will it be when you issue your mandate of general
' confiscation ?
Mr. President, to throw what I have said about
the South in a more pointed shape, I will read a
letter taken at Fort Henry, which I have found
in the papers of the day, as expressive of the
condition of a great many people throughout the
South, and many who are in arms;
n o nashvilt.e, ten^ks-ski.;. January 7, 1862.
Dear fcon : I leceived your always welcome letter ves-
teiclAy, and 1 am going to answer it speedily. 1 received
joui package containing in confederate State serin,
lor which 1 am very grateful. 1 am glad thatyou aiedoing
well and that you are well, but I tremble when I think of
you being engaged m tins honid war. Henry, my son, 1
can but toel the South it* m the wrong. Wc may console
ourselves with whatever belief we ehoosc. the United States
is bound to subdue us. General McClellan lias and is e*-
crciMug great geneialsliip. 1 tear that soon a movement
will be made that will crush us out. Henry, I know you
mu&t tmnk as 1 do. I wi^h you would icsign.and we will
move p-ortli. No one here suspects my Union proclivities
1 am obliged, foi the sake of jour mother and sisters, to talk
and be a secessionist; bur 1 s,\v to you, what 1 mid when
you weie at home, I do not believe the northern men desire
the turn of the South. A great interest i* ielt hete as re-
gaul^your position, [Fort Henry ;] if that i? taken, the South
is suiely conqueted. You can see tins as well a^ others.
Destroy this letter, as it may get you into tioubie. Your
anectionate father.
I take this to be a representative letter, exhibit-
ing- the true condition of vast numbers of people
throughout the South. They talk this way, and
why? As this writorsnys, " for the sake of your
mother and sisters," and fhese are strong motives.
I before remarked that these men are not to be
condemned for their position. The organization
of the rebels was so perfect throughout the South,
by a long-continued system of organization, that
all the arms and all the organizations of the coun-
try, both official ttnd physical, were in the hands
of the conspirators, so that a few men controlled
the multitude. I have seen, anil I presume other
Senators have seen, a body of fifty men, armed
and desperate men, for ;\ time take possession of
a whole populous county and hold it under abso-
lute contiol; and so always a few violent men may
get the possession of huge majorities, and hold
them until the majority have some means where-
by they can secure oigamzation, and resist force
with force.
Knough of this, Mr. Piesidont; I propose now
to say something m remind to another featuie of
this bill, and thatis the clause in regard to negioes.
1 will now repeat here what I have had occasion to
say m many parts of the country, and what has
been my earnest conviction for many years. If
from the Federal Congress could have been exclud-
ed the agitation of the negro question—one which
has little, if any, legitimate business heie—if it had
never been permitted to enter, or if, when offering
itself, it had been excluded, except where there
was legitimate constitutional field for legislation,
there would have been no disturbance in the coun-
try, and we should have been a brotherhood as a
nation to-day. When introduced, it has become
the absorbing topic. Men have sought by their
efforts here to excite popular sentiment on one
side in the North, and popular sentiment on the
other side m the South. The orations, declama-
tions, and haiangues that have been heard in this
Hall and in the other end of the Capitol have not
been designed for counsel among Senators and
Representatives, or for legislation for the Govern-
ment, but for the purpose of more fiercely array-
ing party against parly. For whose advantage?
For the, promotion of what end? The building
of themselves up at the sacrifice of the harmony
of the Republic. It has pained me whenever,
since my arrival here, I have heard these subjects
discussed. I had thought, and I still think," that
the business of this great war, the financial policy
it invaives, the strengthening of the hands of Gov-
ernment so that war may be made promptly effi-
cient in result; that these topics famish field enough
for all our wisdom, for all our counsel, and for all
our conduct. But how has it been ? It is not my
office to reprove any Senator. I may, perhaps,
be too young in the Senate even to speak of these
things; but what time has been permitted to any
Senator to inquire into the novel question of how
we shall sustain the finances of the Government;
how we can secure the means necessary for the
prosecution of this great war?
It has been my fortune to be on the Finance
Committee, and to come in contact,more particu-
larly than some other Senators, with the questions
there presented. I have not found my associates
professing to be wise, not even the oldest Sena-
tors, on the subject. I have not found the men at
the head of the finance department of the Govern-
