1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
But, Mr. Speaker, I have said before that I will
ftcSt'obje'ct to the enactment of this first section. I
believe, however, that it is abundant for all neces-
sary purposes. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Steele] makes the point, and some of the
newspapers of the country also make a point, as
to the inadequacy of our hospital accommodations
in the field. They say that hundreds and thou-
sands of our soldiers are without proper medical
attendance. That may be so, Mr. Speaker; and
if it be so, I am willing to cooperate in any effort
to correct that evil. But this bill will not correct
it, either in whole or in part. What you want in
the field is additional regimental and brigade sur-
geons. Let a bill for that purpose be brought in,
and if shown to be necessary it will be passed.
But the passage of this bill will bring you no
nearer to the accomplishment of that object. There
is no relation whatever between it and the hospi-
tal service which is said to be necessary for the
troops in the field. If gentlemen desire to increase
the number of brigade surgeons or of regimental
surgeons, or if it be desired that the States shall be
authorized to increase the number of regimental
surgeons, let a bill be passed for that purpose. 1
believe that the State of Wisconsin, instead of
having but one surgeon to each regiment, has taken
the responsibility of commissioning two, and pro-
viding for the payment of two. Bring in a bill
for the purpose of legalizing a transaction of that
sort, and returning that advancement s the State,
and 1 will vote for it, because that will reach the
evil. That will give the additional mcdical ser-
vice to the troops in the field. This bill does not
accomplish that purpose, either directly or indi-
rectly.
Now, as to the particular amendment pending,
1 propose to strike out from this second section
that provision, which, in the reorganization of the
Medical Bureau, makes your Surgeon General a
brigadier general. I have no objection to the re-
organization of the Medical Bureau, but think this
a bad time to undertake it. With regard to the
Opinion of the Secretary of War on this subject,
to which allusion has been made, I think the fact
is that the Secretary of War is far more dissatis-
fied with the personnel of our Medical Bureau than
he is with its system, at present. At least, he has
never given to the House any declaration of opin-
ion which would lead it to believe that he thinks
the system of our Medical Bureau is itself defective.
He lias certainly not suggested his approval of
this bill, that 1 have ever heard of. I object to the
increase of the rank of the Surgeon General to
that of brigadier general, on a principle which I
believe to be sound—and that is, that unless there
be something imperatively requiring an increase
of the rank and pay of officers at this period, it
ought not to be done. The gentleman from New
York says that it is as proper and as reasonable
to give a fair opportunity for promotion in the
Medical Bureau as in any other bureau under the
Government. I grant that, and 1 admit the force
of the argument. But the difficulty with his ar-
gument is that, in fact, the case is not as he sup-
poses. Take the various bureaus under your Gov-
ernment, and you will find that theie are but two
or three heads of bureaus who are brigadiers—
namely, your Adjutant General, your Chief of
Ordnance, and your Quartermaster General. The
argument which applies in favor of making the
head of the Medical Bureau a brigadier will apply
in favor of the proposition now pending in the
Senate, to make the head of the engineer depart-
ment a brigadier general.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman is
mistaken. General Toiten, the head of the engi-
neer department, is a brigadier general. But it is
intended to blend the engineer departmentand the
topographical engineer department into one, and
to give them one brigadier general. The engineer
corps now has a brigadier general.
Mr. McPHERSON. As the case now stands,
the chief of the topographical engineer corps is
not a brigadier.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. No, sir; but both
corps are to be blended together.
Mr.McPHERSON. Last summer we did reor-
ganize some of our bureaus on the basis of each
having a brigadier general at its head*; and now
the proposition that cornea in from these two corps
-—the engineer and the topographical engineers-
is to consolidate them with four brigadiers. The
Military Committee of the Senate struck out the
proposition for four brigadier generals, and have
reported in favor of one. 1 mention this fact to
illustrate the tendency of events. Unless you stop
this system, you must go on and complete it by
giving additional rank to all your heads of bu-
reaus; if you do not, you will to that extent be
guilty of injustice. If you make your Surgeon
General a brigadier, on what ground can you re-
fuse to make your Commissary General a briga-
dier, and on what ground can you refuse to make
your Paymaster General a brigadier ? These corps
are as huge as the medical corps, and they are as
important as it. The qualifications required for
them are quite as high as are required in that corps.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. McPHERSON. Certainly.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman whether there is any department of
the public service tliat requires a higher degree of
talent, culture, and capacity, generally, than the
medical department?
Mr. McPHERSON. I hardly know whether
there can be any comparison instituted between
the various bureaus of the Government, for they
all require very high culture and very greatability.
I do not know whether, if I were compelled to an-
swer such a question categorically, I should give
a preference to the Medical Bureau over any or all
of the other bureaus. The head of the engineer
department must be a thoroughly educated, thor-
oughly trained man. So, also, must be the head
of the topographical corps. The Commissary
General and Paymaster General must be men of
standing, men of character, men of ability. They
must have the highest business capacity, in order
to retain in their bureaus a proper system and
proper efficiency.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. And if they
require men of the highest capacity, why should
not these men have rank agreeing with their ca-
pacity?
Mr. McPHERSON. And where will you stop?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Nowhere.
Mr. McPHERSON. That is precisely the
point I make. Why stop at brigadier generals?
Why not create new grades ? Why not go higher,
and make a grade of lieutenant generals, or an
additional one of generals? And why not, then,
make the heads of these bureaus, not brigadier
generals, but major generals? The argument
proves entirely too much.
But there js another point which I think is of
great practical force in the consideration of this
question. It is, that we have scarcely a light,
under the existing conditions of things, to go on
adding to the burdens on our Treasury, merely
out of a general desire to add to the rank and pay
of distinguished gentlemen. I have no prejudice
against any of these gentlemen. I scarcely know
any of them. I afn not aware of having conversed
with any one on the merits of this bill. I do not
know anything personally about those who may
be affected by this legislation. I object to the bill
on the principles involved in it; and unless there
be some controlling reason, some such reason as
I cannot, in justice, disregard, 1 will not consent
to raise the rank and pay of any officers under
the Government. I would rather vote to reduce
than raise. There is not, to-day, imposed on the
head of the Medical Bureau any larger proportion
of responsibility or labor than has been devolved
on the heads of other bureaus. There is no man
under our Government who is not compelled, as
a part of the penalty he 1ms to pay for this ac-
cursed rebellion, to bear additional responsibility,
to perform additional labor, and to incur addi-
tional expense.
Mr. LEHMAN. If I understand the argument
of my colleague, he approves of the present sys-
tem in our Medical Bureau, but objects to the in-
efficiency of its personnel.
Mr. McPHERSON. T will get to that directly.
Mr. LEHMAN. I ask my colleague how ho
proposes to remedy this defect, which the whole
country has recognized, except by some such
change as is proposed here ? if we can trust to
Jotters received from responsible persons con-
nected with the medical department, and state-
ments made in the papers, there is great ineffi-
ciency m the present Medical Bureau. Now, I
would ask him, while he is opposing this bill, to
state how he proposes to make such a radical,
necessary change as is required, by his own ad-
mission, to remedy the defects in the present
system ?
Mr. McPHERSON. I answer my colleague
by saying that there is a proposition which has
already passed the Senate, and is nowpendingin
a bill before the Military Committee of the House,
to remedy the defect by applying the same retiiing
rule to the Army, which, at the commencement of
the present session, we applied to the Navy, pro-
viding for the retirement of officers whose names
have been borne forty years on the Army Regis-
ter, or who have reached the age of sixty-two
years. There is no difficulty in getting rid of an
inefficient or obnoxious officer, if you will confer
upon the President that power. In point of fact,
my colleague is aware that the Secretary of War
has already deposed the Surgeon General of the
Army. There is, therefore, so far as that partic-
ular point is concerned, no necessity for the pas-
sage of this bill.
I am fully aware, Mr. Speaker, that in opposing
certain features of this bill, I am placed in the ap-
parent position of opposing any reorganization or
increase of the medical corps of the Army. But
those who have taken the pains to listen to the
remarks I have made, will remember I have stated
distinctly that I have no objection to the proposed
increase of the medical corps, nor do I object to
any transformation you may choose to make in
the personnel of the Medical Bureau. You may
place the first man last, and the last man first. I
care nothing about the positions of particular men.
But unless 1 greatly misread this proposition,there
is a great deal more in this bill than is apparent,
and if I am not greatly mistaken, it accomplishes
a great deal more than is either necessary or desir-
able. It does not tend in the right direction.
Mr. Speaker, in illustration of the purpose of
this bill, I desire to make two other remarks. If
gentlemen will compare the bill from the Senate,
as it will be found on their tables reported back
amended by the Committee on Military Affairs,
with the bill as it passed the Senate, they will find
that there are between them two important points
of difference. One is that the proposed increase
of the medical corps of the regular Army is to be
coupled with the requirementthat the promotions
shall take place from those now belonging to the
medical corps of the regular Army. That part of
the Senate bill which opened these advanced posi-
tions to the men who are now brigade and regi-
mental surgeons in the volunteer army, has been
stricken out. And if this bill should pass, as
recommended by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, this large class of men will be excluded, so
far as there is any expression of opinion upon
that point. Of course it will be within the power
of the President to appoint these men to the lower
class of positions, if they can be relieved from
present duty, but they will be excluded, by the
terms of the bill, from the appointment to the
higher class of positions in this medical corps.
That, it seems to me, is a discrimination liable to
very great objection. To that point my friend
from New York [Mr. Steele] directed a portion
of his argument, for the purpose of showingthat
these officers in the volunteer service had no right,
and ought not to expect to be promoted into the
regular service.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. My objection
was to their coming at once into the highest rank
of the medical service. Let them come in at the
bottom and go up.
Mr. McPHERSON. That is a provision of
tins bill to which 1 object.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. They may be
appointed assistant surgeons.
Mr. McPHERSON. That is true, as I have
indicated, but the class of men in the volunteer
service, whom it would be desirable to have trans-
feired to the regular service, are generally the
persons who hold higher rank in the volunteer
service. They are the brigade and regimental sur-
geons of the volunteer service. Now, sir, the
proposition of the gentleman from New York does
noteontemplatc permitting these men to eomo into
the regular service with a corresponding rank, but
it compels them, if they get into the medical corps
at all, to sacrifice rank and pay and come in as as-
sistant surgeons. They will, therefore, be prac-
itcally denied admission, or compelled to come m
with a sacrifice of rank and pay, a thing which we
ought not to expect, and which I believe this
House would not intentionally require.
