1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2547
one that should not be imposed. There are many
reasons to my mind why cotton should not be
taxed ili its raw slate. In the first place, as has
been remarked by many Senators, to do so vio-
lates the leading principles of this bill. There is
no article, the product of the field, in its raw state,
that is taxed in the bill. It is now proposed to
make cotton an exception. I think every princi-
ple of sound political economy requires us in
framing taxes not to tax an article twice—first in
its raw state and then as a manufactured article;
but the tax should be imposed after it has gone
through the largest amount of labor and is ready
for consumption; and that is the principle that is.
in the bill throughout, with this single exception.
There is no product grown from the earth that is
proposed to be taxed in its raw state, save cot-
ton.
Mr. POMEROY. Coal is taxed.
Mr. POWELL. Coal is ready for consumption
before you lay a tax on it, and is not the growth
of the farm either. This bill provides a tax on
manufactured cotton as on other manufactures.
That, in my judgment, is right; but the raw ma-
terial should not be taxed. I know that my wor-
thy friend from Indiana [Mr. Wright] said yes-
terday evening that this was a manufactured
arlicle. Why, sir, it is no more a manufactured
article than corn in the sack.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will restate what I said, and
I should like to hear the Senator answer me.
Names are nothing. I say that when $100 worth
of cotton is ready for market, the labor of pre-
paring it from the time it leaves the field is worth
more than the cost of preparing corn and manufac-
turing it into an equal value of whisky, an article
which you propose to tax onehundred and thirty-
three per cent. The process through which cot-
ton goes from the time it is picked in the field until
it is prepared for market is quite as great, and in-
volves as much labor as that through which corn
goes from the time it is gathered until it is con-
verted into whisky, and yet you tax one one hun-
dred and thirty-three per cent., and the other only
ten per cent.
Mr. POWELL. I differ from my friend in that
statement. I do not believe it costs any more
after it is taken fr&m the field to put$100 worth of
cotton into the bag, and take it to market, than it
does to get §100 worth of shelled corn ready for
the market. When you take cotton from the field
you carry it to the gin-house, and by means of
that machine you take out the seed, and there
you put it into the bag. When you take corn
from the field, you put it into your barn, and then
your shelling machine takes it from the cob, and
it is made ready for the bag. To get the article
ready for the bag costs about as much in the one
case as" in the other.
Mr. GRIMES. You have to take the cotton to
the cotton press.
Mr. POWELL. I know; but that is a very
small matter.
Mr. GRIMES. They are owned by a differ-
ent class of people. That is a peculiar trade, in
which there is a large amount of capital involved
in all the southern cities and principal points.
Mr. POWELL. I know that there is a cotton
press on almost every large plantation. I know
something about the cotton business, and about
the corn business, too. Cotton is a raw material,
and it is the only growth of the field that is pro-
posed to be taxed. If we are governed by the
sound principles of political economy we shall al-
low all the labor possible to be bestowed upon an
article before we tax it; we ought not to tax it, as
a general rule, until it is ready7for consumption.
If you tax a product in its raw state, and (hen tax
the article manufactured from it, you undoubtedly
duplicate your taxes.
There is another reason why we should not lay
a tax upon cotton. We should so legislate here
as not necessarily to indicate any great harshness
against those States that now claim to be without
the Union. If our legislation here is so directed
as to indicate to those people that we except their
great product, and lay a special tax oil it when we
tax no other product of the field in its raw state,
the effect will not be to cause those people to think
that we desire veiy great amity with them. Our
legislation should be impartial. They have no
representatives here; there is no Senator in this
Chamber who represents a cotton-growing State;
and we should do nothing calculated to harass
the Union sentiment in that country, and to excite
and cause to grow the disunion element.
There is another reason, I will say to western
men, why they should be opposed to it. If you
imposea tax of one cent, on cotton, itwillbe about
one tenth or one twelfth of the usual value of cot-
ton ; I know it is greatly higher now. If you draw
from the pockets of the planters one tenth or one
twelfth, or even one fifteenth part of their annual
revenues, you will deplete their pockets to a very
great extent, and render them unable to pay for
the products of the great West, the corn, the pork,
the mules, the rope, and the bagging that they
consume. That is a matter which western men
should look particularly to.
Butgentlemen say thatGreatBritain and Prance
will have to pay this tax. Allow me to tell gen-
tlemen that I think that is very dangerous legis-
lation just now. I presume no man who-has re-
flected seriously on the crisis in which we are,
thinks that either England or France desires this
Union to remain together as a whole. They now
desire, and have desired for a long time, to have
no commercial, no manufacturing rivals; and their
darling object is to get rid of any rivals. They
saw in this growing Republic a rival in both these
great departments of industry; and hence their
animosity to us. Gentlemen who talk about put-
ting a tax on cotton say that eighty-five percent,
of that which is consumed in Great Britain is the
product of the United States; so says the Senator
from Virginia; and hence it is urged that the Eng-
lish will have to pay a large portion of this tax.
The Senator from New Hampshire suggests that
we fix drawbacks, so as to drive them out of the
markets of Brazil. Allow me to tell you, Sena-
tors, that no such contrivance as that will effect
your objcct. Impose a heavy burden on cotton
thataffects the millions of operatives in Great P>rit-
ain and in France and throughout the world; at-
tempt by your contrivances to drive them out of
foreign markets with their cotton goods, and do
you not see at once that you give to those people
the most potent argument they could have to rec-
ognize the independence of the southern confed-
eracy ? They will argue that when they do that
they will have cotton free, and not only that, but
that they will have a free market for their cotton
fabrics m all the southern States. In my judg-
ment it will be one of the very best disunion move-
ments that could possibly be made to put a heavy
tax on cotton. I do not know how it may strike
others, but it seems to me that it will be a potent
reason with the manufacturing interest of Great
Britain and France for stepping in and assisting
the southern confederacy to win its independence
in order to avoid having their labor taxed by any
imposition upon this raw material. They have
no love for us as a whole, in my judgment; I be-
lieve they want us destroyed. 13o not let us inflict
an injury upon a portion of our people, do not let
us violate the great leading principles of the bill
and give to foreign Governments a strong and
mighty reason for interfering in our domestic diffi-
culties.
For these reasons, very briefly stated, I shall
oppose any tax upon raw cotton. I think it un-
wise, inexpedient, and impolitic.
I will say another word. The Senator from
Virginia said that we were imposing a very heavy
tax on whisky, and that the representatives of the
West submitted to it or agreed to it. I think
he used the word " agreed." Well, sir, we sub-
mit to it, but we do not do so very cheerfully; for
one, I tried to have the tax on whisky lowered; I
thought it was rather high; but as the Senate was
against me I had to submit. I thought the tax on
tobacco greatly too high, but I was outvoted by
the Senate. I submit, I trust, gracefully, but the
vote of the Senate does not change my own view
of the propriety of the measure. I think those
burdens are too high, and they should be low-
ered.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The objects sought to
be accomplished by a tax bill, as I understand, are,
first, uniformity, equality; and second, that the
tax shall be so assessed as to bear on the people
as lightly as possible. Then, I undertake toi say
that cotton is one of the subjects which should be
taxed. There is no good reason why it should
not bear its proportion of the burdens of the coun-
try. We may make the tax on cotton uniform,
on accountof its universal dissemination and con-i
sumption among the people. It is a subject more
universally used than any other subject of taxa-
tion. How shall we attain uniformity in this tax
bill unless we tax cotton ? It is the only southern
product of any importance that we can touch by
a tax bill. The South have no manufactures to
be taxed; they do not produce corn, out'of which
whisky is manufactured, or even tobacco to any
great extent. The tobacco-growing: States are
Maryland, Kentucky, Indiana, Missoari, and
perhaps a small portion of Connecticut. A tax
upon tobacco, then, falls very lightly on the peo-
ple of the southern States. The income tax is the
only tax that could affect them to any great ex-
tent, if you except the tax upon cotton. Then I
do not see the propriety of refusing to avail our-
selves of the only object of taxation in the South
which can bring about uniformity in our system
of taxation; and it is no argument with me that
the people of the cotton-growing States are not
represented here. If treason vacates these seats, f
we are not to be blamed for it; and I legislate re-
gardless of the fact whether southern represent-
atives are here or are not here. If their voice is
not heard here to-day they stand mute of their own
malice; and 1 legislate regardless of their absence.
But, sir, if I supposed that the imposition of
this tax would operate injuriously, unjustly, or
oppressively on the manufacturing interest of the
country, I should not vote for it. If I understood
the argument of the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] it was that the
people of the New England States, in the propor-
tion of four to one, paid more of the taxes as-
sessed under this bill than the people of the West
or of the Northwest. Now what are the objects
taxed by this bill? Let us bring his statement to
the touchstone of truth. The highest tax isupon
whisky. I presume the Senator will not pretend
that the people of New England drink more whisky
in the proportion of four to one, than our people
do in the West. The next highest tax is upon
tobacco. Will he undertake to say that a New
England operative, a girl in one of their factories,
who listens to the humming of the spindles, which
is almost equal to the music of the spheres in the
gentleman's wrapt description, uses four times as
much tobacco as a farmer on one of our western
prairies? Those two articles are taxed higher-
than any others. Then how do the people of
New England pay fourfold more taxes than the
people of the West? How is it about coarse cot-
tons ? Do the people of New England use more
of them than the people of the West?
I am inquiring as to whether the people of New
England pay four times as much taxes as the peo-
ple of the West. What ai;e the objects of taxa-
tion ? Things that men eat and drink and wear.
People are apt to buy in proportion; first, to their
necessities; second, to their ability. I suppose
the necessities for the consumption of cotton are
pretty much equal in all portions of the country;
unless, forsooth, it be that the people of the West
have the advantage in size, and therefore it takes
more to clothe them; but otherwise, their neces-
sities are about the same. As to their ability to
purchase, I suppose that is about equal to the abil-
ity of the people elsewhere. I cannot see any phi-
losophy in this theory of paying four to one. No
man buys voluntarily; he buys from necessity, to
minister to some notion of comfort or luxury, and
these motives operate on all people; so that 1 am
utterly at a loss to see how the theory of New
England paying fourfold the taxes paid by the
people of the West works in practice.
But the distinguished Senator says that Massa-
chusetts alone manufactures goods to the value of
§150,000,000 per annum. I am glad to hear it. It
shows verygve&t prosperity and ws&lth and enter-
prise, and it shows that they arc able to pay taxes;
for if there were no profits on that $150,000,000
of manufactures, your spindles would stand still
in an instant. Yankee enterprise and money in-
stinct are too acute for that. Then, I suppose yo«
getaprofiton the manufacture of the $150,000,000.
I hope it is so; I have no doubt it is so. But how
is it that yoy, pay the tax on the manufactured
article? Jt is a truth as plain as any truth upon
earth, that this tax is assessed finally upon the
consumption of the manufactured article. I grant
you th,at you make the advance, and that is all
yon do, and it is finally distributed equally. The
U'uth is, that instead of just ground for complaint,
Massachusetts has grown fat upon her manufac-
tures sold to the West; and I have rejoiced at it,
