THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
because it has conferred equal .benefit upon all
portions of ouV cbihmon country.
I see Ho reason, then, why cdtton should not
be taxed. I see nothing burdensome' or oppress-
ive in this tax. If I could so see it, I should vote
against if. But I rose mainly to say that the ques-
tion may be so presented that I shall be compelled
to vote for a tax of half a cent per pound. Ishould
greatly prefer to vote for a tax of one cent; I be-
Fievethat would'not be burdensome or oppressive;
I think it 'is. a. proper subject oftaxation; norshall
1 be deterred from'casting whsitsover vote I choose
tocastupon thisfloor, because it may interfere with
the very amicable relations existing between us
and the people of Prance and England. In fixing
their systems of internal taxes and export duties
and import duties, they are not in the habit of con-
sulting our interests or our wishes. If we are ever
to stand alone, it is time, it seems to me, that we
should not shape our legislation with a view to its
effect upon foreign countries, but with a view
simply to its effect upon ourselves.
Norshall I be deterred from giving this vote on
account of any exasperation it may cause to the
people of the South, as alluded to by the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky. I shall legislate
■without regard to their wishes upon the subject,
any further than to the wishes of the people of
any other section of the country, i believe the
best way to restore the Union is not by this kid-
floved policy, that has already prevailed too long.
believe they should bo made to feel the power
"of the Government to reduce them to subjection;
'and it is no argument with me that a tax of one
cent a pound on cotton might burden the produc-
tion of cotton somewhat in the southern States. I
vote this tax simply to equalize taxation among
the people of the United States, this being the only
southern product which we can tax. I can see no
inequalityin it. If this tax bill operates unequally
anywhere, it may be against, the eastern capital-
ist, whose incomes are taxed. If that be its effect,
it is unavoidable, it cannot be avoided under any
system of income taxation. It is an argument
against the whole system, if it amounts to any-
thing; but that always falls on those who have a
capital accumulated and who are able, directly, to
meet and to pay the tax.
I believe that this tux is just and proper, and
without any view to embarrass the eastern man-
ufacturers or to punish the southern rebels, but
looking simply to equality and uniformity and to
the raisingof revenue, I shall vote for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was stated yesterday as
a reason why cotton should be taxed, that it was
protected from all competition with the India cot-
ton, and that India eotlon had not risen in price
since American cotton had advanced so enor-
mously. I corrected the statement at the time,
but was not able to give the exact figures. I find,
upon consulting the reports of the Liverpool mar-
ket, that the price of Bombay cotton has just about
doubled since this rebellion commenced. The im-
portations of that cotton into England last year,
all of which were before the market had been af-
fected by the great rise consequent on the rebel-
lion, reaclu-d nearly nine hundred thousand bales,
rcckoningat four hundred pounds to the bale; and
it is estimated by the Knghsh writers upon cotton
that the whole of that species of cotton can be di-
rected to England. She now receives about two
thirds of it. The whole of it will be directed there
by the present price, the Asiatic ports not being
able to compete for it at that puce. And if the
importation of Surut cotton can be raised to about
a million bales, it is supposed that it will supply
the deficiency which is left unon this side.
Mr. FESSENDGN and 'Mr. HARRIS ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Chair recog-
nizes the Senator from Maine,
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be ungracious in
me to say what I was about to say. If (he Sen-
ator fiom New York wishes to speak on this ques-
tion, and if he wishes it, I shall yield the floor to
him. Iwasabout to say that we have spent some |
six hours m debate on this mailer of cotton. I I
have viewed it ns a subject nf great importance, '
and nave not thought it very becoming in me tn ■
interfere, and I shall not do so now, any further j
than to appeal to Seuatois and ask them if they !
do not think, 011 the whole, that niembeis know !
how to vote on this question without further dis-
cussion. y\ 6 must certainly get* through, with 1
the bil! at some time, and we ought not to protract
it much longer.
Mr. HARRIS. I have not occupied much time.
When this question was before the Senate in Com-
mittee of the Whole, I voted against a tax upon
cotton. I did so for a reason which, I apprehend,
from what I have since discovered in the Senate,
does no6 now apply. 1 did so because I was in
favor of the direct tax of $20,000,000. That law
had not been repealed; it has not been yet; but the
Senate voted to repeal it. I thought then, and I
think now, that the southern States should contrib-
ute something toward the payment of our national
debt, and I felt a desire to retain the $20,000,000
direct tax because X could see that ultimately at
least we should get some six or seven millions a
year from the southern States by means of that
tax. I would prefer now to retain that tax; and
if we could retain it, I should vote against taxing
cotton; but as I suppose it to be settled that that
tax is not to be retained for the present year, that
it is to be repealed, the question then comes how
the southern States can be made to contribute
something towards the payment of the debt.
I desire, as other Senators have frequently ex-
pressed it, as much as possible to equalize this
taxation. New England is taxed upon her man-
ufactures; my own State is taxed upon pretty
much everything; and the West is taxed upon
what seems to bo its great staple, whisky; and
some of the southern States are taxed upon their
tobacco. The cotton States are not taxed at all.
You repeal the direct tax, and you get nothing
from those States. This tax will produce very
little for the present; it will notamount to much;
still 1 am willing to impose a tax upon cotton.
Last night I voted against the amendment chang-
ing the tax from one cent to half a cent, because
I intended to vote for the tax as it stood in the
bill; but I am inclined, after having listened pretty
attentively to the discussion this morning, to vote
for the proposition to reduce the tax from one
cent to half a cent, and I shall therefore vote for
the motion to reconsider the vote of last night.
Mr. SUMNER. I am admonished by my
friend the Senator from Maine not to say any-
thing. I shall cei tainly say very little. I am in
favor of reducing the tax from one cent to half a
cent, and I am also in favor of striking out the
whole tax on cotton. If there must boa tax, I
wish to vote for the smallest, and if I can have the
attention of the Senator from Wisconsin whose
remaiks were so candid, I should like to put to
him a question. He said ho would not impose
any tax which he knew would really be burden-
some on the manufacturers. Other Senators have
repeated the same thing.
Now, sir, on whom is he to rely in determin-
ing whether the tax will be burdensome on the
manufacturers? I take it that the manufacturers
themselves are competent witnesses, if not the
best witnesses; and the Senators who come from
manufacturing States when they give opinions on
that question are certainly entitled to be heard.
Now, sir, the clear opinion of the manufacturers
is that the proposed tax will be burdensome, that
it will amount almost to annihilation of a certain
branch of the trade opened with China and the
East Indies, and that it will be very oppressive
on the coarser fabrics at home. The tax on coarse
fabrics will swell to as much as seven per cent.,
which is a very large tax, larger than is imposed
on anything else in the bill, unless it be whisky
and dogs.
Now, sir, I putit to theSenator from Wisconsin,
who so candidly said that he would not impose a
tax that he knew to be burdensome, whose testi-
mony will he accept? On what will he rely?
Does he rely on his own knowledge, his own im-
pressions, his own imagination if youplease? In
answer to his impressions I give him the positive
testimony of those who really are familiar with
the subject, and I rely upon that testimony; but
I take advantage of the candid statement of the
Senator from Wisconsin and of other Senators on
thi& floor, and I appeal to them are they ready to
impose a tax which those who are most familiar
with the question assert will be burdensome on a
special inteiest? I take them at their word; they
are not willing to do it.
Here, then, is the question in a nut-shell. In
imposing this tax, you have on one side the cer-
tainty of an undue burden on a special interest;
and what have you on the other side ? An uncer-
tainty. Who here can say that this proposed tax
will be productive? Sir, we have not the cotton in
our hands. Through the machinations of wicked
men, it has ceased to be within our-possession. I
remember in my childhood being much amused
with a little poem -which was entitled " oxen in
the skies." It pleasantly described " a contest
between two senseless persons as to who should
own certain imagined oxen in the skies;" that
is, a contest about something not within reach.
This cotton that you propose to tax is not yet
within your reach. I trust that it may soon be.
But should we not act on existing facts, rather
than on our hopes?
Cleai'ly, then, I am right, when I say that in
taxing cotton, you enter upon an uncertainty;
while on the other side there is a certainty that
so far as the tax is available it will be burdensome
upon the manufacturers of the North, and espe-
cially of Massachusetts.
But this is not all. If you begin to tax the agri-
cultural products of the couniry, you open the
door to that great experiment. "If the Senate is
ready to go in that direction, I do not say that I
am not ready to go along with them, but surely
the Senate will not commence such a system with-
out fairly considering where it leads. In this whole
bill you do not tax any agricultural product. Why,
therefore, should you make an exception in the
case of cotton ? If you begin with cotton, where
will you stop ? Must you not also tax flax and
hemp and corn? Why not? Not that I am in fa-
vor of any such taxation; but where in principle
are you to stop ? Sir, I put these questions merely
as a warning to Senators, that they may hesitate
before they enter upon this new system.
Mr. HOWE. I feel bound to reply as well as
I can to the questions so directly put by theSen-
ator from Massachusetts; and as 1 listened to his
questions I wish he would listen to the answer.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly 1 shall; I always
listen.
Mr. HOWE. The first question is, on whose
testimony I am to rely in making up my mind as
to whether a given tax will prove burdensome or
will not. I must rely on testimony of some sort,
to be sure, and I do not deny that this is a proper
question on which to examine experts, and I am
not about to deny that the representatives of the
manufacturing States or manufacturing districts
may not be admitted to testify here as experts;
but then, sir, it is not enough for an expert to
pronounce an opinion that a thing is so or so; he
must give a reason for that opinion, or, notwith-
standing the character in which he testifies, the
testimony will have very little weight. Now, the
first difficulty I find in yielding implicit reliance
and confidence to the statements of the experts
who testify upon this subject is, that while they
say, some of them, that this tax will prove bur-
densome to the manufacturing communities, I
have listened in vain for any exposition, any state-
ment of the reason why it is to prove burdensome,
how the burden is going to oppress them. That
is the first reason. The next is that these experts
are divided in opinion upon the question; I find
them differing in their estimates; I find different
opinions prevailing among them; and the third
reason is that it seems to me conclusive, not that
it may not prove burdensome, but that it cannot
prove inequitably, unequally burdensome.
Some Senator speaking on this question, while
admitting that a great portion of this tax would
come from those who produce the cotton, and a
greater portion of it still would come from the
pockets of those who consume the cotton, ven-
tured the opinion that a portion of it would come
from those who work up the cotton or manufac-
ture it. I will not undertake to say that a portion
of it may not in some cases come from these man-
ufacturers; but if so, it must be governed by some
law different from that which governs all other
kinds of production. I do think it is emphati-
cally true that, whether this tax be one cent or ten
cents a pound, it will be divided among those
who consume it, not those who work it up; those
who wear it out. It seems to me emphatically
true.
But the Senator asks if we are prepared to open
the door to a system of taxation upon agricultural
products. We have opened it already, or we shall
when we pass this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Only on cotton.
Mr. HOWE. More than cotton.
