566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,,
infusing courage into our Army. Wc have heard
from my colleague [Mr. Lovejoy] on several occa-
sions on this subject. He wants to infuse courage
into the Army by proclaiming the emancipation
of the slaves. Is he not mistaken about that?
What did he say in Chicago on the 18th of Oc-
tober last? • He said that our women would go
down and whip these people; and if they could
not do it, the Wide Awakes would do it with no
otherarms than theirlanterns. They arenotdoing
it. [Laughter.] They are failing signally. Let
us not depend upon anything else than the Con-
stitution. It has made us the greatest people upon
the face of the earth. "We have more material
wealth than any other nation. New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Virginia furnished us with minerals,
and New England with power enough to manu-
facture for the world. The southern States have
raised cotton enough to supply demands from all
quarters; and there is the great Northwest, which
can feed the world. And the Pacific slope, Califor-
nia! particularly, furnishes enough of the precious
metals to supply us and the balance of mankind
with a genuine constitutional currency. Our flag,
floating on every sea, was always respected; and
no matter where the citizen stood beneath that
flag, he knew that under its ample folds ho was
protected. But, now, you tell him that you want
to abolitionizc all this, and to make us a miser-
able, contemptible, petty Power, subject to the
insult of England and every other nation. Let
us stop this. Let us go back to where our fathers
stood when they made this Government great and
powerful. I implore my friends to pause. They
nave the decision of this matter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I must admonish
my friend that he has now occupied my time, and
1 think he will admit that I have been lair to him.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I yield the floor in-
stantly.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I regret that my
colleague has not had ample time, but I think it
always fair to divide.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am very much obliged
to my colleague, but I should have liked to have
five minutes more.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to mo a moment?
Mr. KELLOGG of Illinois. I desire to reply
to the remarks of my colleague.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman give me
an opportunity to offer an amendment?
Mr.KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will; and I doubt
not that in twenty or thirty minutes from this time
the House will be ready to vote on this bill, and
that there will hardly be an objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope my friend will allow me
to say a word on thi3 bill before he moves the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois whether he will allow amendments to be
offered ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I design to do so.
My colleague is opposed to this bill, and has said
something about the bill, but very little. What
he did say about it is, as well as 1 recollect, that
he thought the bill was wrong. But it has been
made the occasion of very considerable attack on
certain gentlemen in the State of Illinois. I desire
to say that in framing this bill I had no intention
of aiding any man, any officer, any set of officers;
and I do not believe my colleague would charge
that upon me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; I disclaim that
utterly, absolutely, at once, t do not believe that
my colleague would do a thing of that sort.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Theie will be no
issue between us. My colleague says that Gov-
ernor Yates is an honorable man.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is my opinion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My colleague
knows that £ understand him to believe so; he
knows that 1 believe so; and I know thatthecoun-
try believes so. He has great credit, and justly !
so, for the energy he has manifested m the exec- j
utive department of our State, in aiding to raise, i
in a hurried manner, an army to crush this devil- I
ish and hellish rebellion. The State of Illinois, :
irrespective ofpolitieal parties,cabals, or intrigues,
has furnished, as appears by the report of the
Secretary of War, over eighty thousand men, and
•put them in the field. It was necessary that ex-
traordinary efforts should be made to furnish sup-
plies, and; to some extent, to equip'these men for
! service; and I should be surprised if, in the pres-
i sure of the times, in the extraordinary and un-
, natural necessities of the States and General Gov-
' eminent, there was nbt some improvidence shown
—I believe there has been as little in our State as
in any State of the Union. My colleague says
that while we have expert thieves in Illinois, be
believes they have stolen less there than in any
other State. His pride of State induces him to rise
above the attack made on particular persons, and
to declare that we have stolen less in Illinois than
in any other State. That is quite a compliment
after the general attack made; but not much of a
compliment to the people of other States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If my colleague will
permit, I will qualify it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think the gen-
tleman can hardly put it better than he has done.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think they steal out
there, to the best of their ability, all but Yates.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I never before
knew a "sucker" who would not contend that
we could do anything and everything as well, or
better, than any other people. The modesty of
my colleague is greater this morning than I ever
knew it to be before.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I acknowledge the corn
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My colleague
acknowledges the soft impeachment.
Mr. BLAIR,of Missouri. No; it is the "corn"
he acknowledges.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My friend on the
left corrects my mode of expression. He saysmy
colleague acknowledges the " corn." That is just
as well, perhaps better, for western gentlemen.
[Laughter.] My colleague makes an attack on
Quartermaster Wood. I do not rise here to de-
fend Governor Wood beeause he is my friend, but
as an act of justice; for 1 can say truthfully that,
politically, Mr. Wood and myself, though having
belonged to the same party, do not very much
agree. It was unfortunately my duty, not long
since, to differ with him on this floor in a rude and
rough manner. I regretted it then; but so it was.
I mention this merely to show that in what I say
I am not actuated by the feeling which sometimes
prompts us to speak ovorkindly of a personal
friend. But it is due in justice to say of Governor
Wood, of Illinois—a man who has lived there for
nearly half a century—that it is the first time in
my life that I ever heard his honesty impeached
in the slightest manner. If there is a man in Illi-
nois, or in the United States, who has sustained
a well-earned character for high-toned honesty, it
is old John Wood, of Quincy. And I am sur-
prised, I am mortified, I am astounded that this
man is charged here as being a villain. If he is a
dishonest man, then, so help me God, I lose con-
fidence in my kind. He may have stolen—I do
not believe it. He may be dishonest—I do not
believe it. The people of my State do not believe
it. He may have been overreached; he may have
been imprudent; but that he is an honest man I
believe as I believe I stand here now addressing
the House of Representatives. The other State
officers have been charged with peculation and
fraud. If Jesse K. Dubois, the auditor of Illinois,
is to be chargcd as a dishonest man, I should like
his accusers to point out one instance of his dis-
honesty. I never heard such a charge against him
before; and yet he has spent till his life in the State
of Illinois. He may be dishonest, but I never
heard oi it before; and I am astounded when he,
too, is charged in a general manner with being
dishonest.
I cannot now stop to speak of every man in-
cluded in this wholesale charge of dishonesty and
fraud. It is a charge which should be sustained
by some kind of proof. I believe them to be gen-
tlemen of irreproachable character for honesty and
fair dealing. It is said that the State of Illinois
has purchased over a million's worth of clothing
that whs not necessary. If my colleague had
known the facts he would not have made this mis-
representation. I do not charge intentional mis-
representation upon him, only that he is mistaken
in his conclusions. After this rebellion broke out,
and when our troops wanted clothing, the State
officers of Illinois came to the resolution that what-
ever might be the action of the Government,
whether it ever paid a dollar or not, whether the
credit of the State should be sunk or not, so long
as they had the power, the troops should be well
clothed, well provided, and sent to the service of
the country. It was from high patriotic motives
I joined in that resolution.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate of the
United States, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary,
notifying the House that the Senate had passed a
joint resolution (No. 41) in relation to allotment
certificates of pay to persons held as prisoners of
war in the so-called confederate States; and
An act (No. 80) to amend " An act to incorpo-
rate the Columbia Institution for the instruction
of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind," and to
make appropriations for the benefit thereof; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the amend-'
ment of the House to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 165) making appropri-
ations for completing thedefenses of Washington.
WAR CLAIMS OP STATES—AGAIN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I said that the
State gf Illinois was resolved to see that the. sol-
diers of that State were clothed, and well clothed.
I state that I so advised, not the State officers, but
when the policy was suggested, I said to my
neighbors that it was right. I say here to-day
that it was right.
It has been said that we furnished more cloth
ing than was necessary. Mr. Speaker, the facts
arc in a nutshell, and I am happy to have it in my
power to-day to state them to the House. In re-
ply to that most foul, slanderous charge that comes
here from the press, read at the Clerk's table, all
saturated with slander, green, slimy, and reeking
with that falsehood and abuse that a debauched
press frequently pours out upon men who are
standing by our country, standing- by the oath
they have taken to sustain the Government and
Constitution, I have nothing to say. I leave it to
its own condemnation. I have great regard for
the press. I would to God that it was not de-
bauched and demoralized. I hope there never
may be a necessity for a censorship of the press.
Rut m Heaven's name, is there to be no shield
from these insidious and vile attacks made by
public prints upon officers who are, in these try-
ing times, when the nation trembles, and good
men, men of honesty and high character, fear for
its safety—is there, I say, to be no shield or safety
for them from attacks most devilish in their char-
acter ?
What, sir, are the facts about this charge? We
contracted largely for our troops. We sent large
supplies of clothing to Missouri for soldiers who
were sick—for soldiers who were suffering for
clothing. They took from our storehouse—from
our quartermaster—clothing, and put it upon the
backs and upon the feet of soldiers who were not
raised by our State. The general commanding of
the western division over and over again sent re-
quisitions to the State of Illinois to our State quar-
termaster for supplies to save the Army from
suffering, for it was in many instances barefoot, a
disgrace to the nation. They were without proper
clothing; and when it is known that my country-
men are in that condition—that soldiers, some of
whom are from my own State, are thus suffering
—I will not stick and quibble about the price of a
coat to my brother, my neighbor, my friend, in the
service of the country And the politician who
will make capital out of that condition of things,
is at liberty to make all out of it he can. He is at
liberty to reap all the political advantage he can
derive from his efforts in the cause of attacking
men who are endeavoring to provide proper cloth-
ing to the Army.
^ Well, sir, after a time, the Government of the
United States passed an order that where States
furnished supplies the commanding officers should
turn over the supplies so furnished to the troops
of the State furnishing them. I aided in obtain-
ing the passage of that order, becauso requisitions
had been made upon the quartermaster of our
State for clothing, and when it came within the
lines was appropriated for the use of troops not
from the State of Illinois.
Then, as winter approached, it was thought
proper to increase our supplies. Quartermaster
Wood, who has been assailed here to-day, made
out a statement of the approximate amount of .
clothing that would be necessary for our own
