1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
committee, that his appearance at another time
would do just as well. I understand him to say-
that he was so informed at the hotel. The sub-
pena required him to appear forthwith.
Mr. S TEVENS. Was not that a little sharp ?
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I should like to ask the
gentleman was the evidence you got from him
worth the cost of bringing him here? If it was, 1
am willing to pay it.
Mr. DAWES. It is hardly proper for me to
disclose the testimony.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I only ask as to its value.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest to the gentleman that
he tell it to us confidentially, and we will keep it
secret. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, if it would be proper to do so, to
give us the name of the officer who asserts that
he was told by the witness that the committee had
no authority to summon him, or something of
that sort,
Mr. DAWES. The officer was Mr. J. d.
Lane, an assistant sergeant-at-arms of the House.
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 would suggest that the res-
olution be so amended as to put the costs upon
the committee for bringing the witness here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Dunn's amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted;
and Mr. Higgins was thereupon discharged from
custody.
CIVII, APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making further appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment fur the year ending 30th of June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the yearending
30th of June, 1862; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the same committee, re-
ported back the bill of the House making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, with
the amendments of the Senate thereto, and asked
that the amendments be now considered in the
House.
There was no objection.
First amendment of the Senate:
On page 1 sti ike out lines twenty and twenty-one; which
arc a-> follows:
For paper foi blank*, A.;0,000.
For punting blanks $^,001).
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
In tiiecluuhe for mail cieprndntions, stiike out" $50,000"
and insert in lieu of it " £7.^000."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, this amendment
is to increase the appropriation for special agents
of the Post Office Department. As 1 stated when
the Post Office appropriation bill was originally
before the House, the only way in which the nuul
service can be renewed throughout the southern
States, as our Army advances, is by sending the
most competent and judicious special agents to
accompany ou r troops, so as to be ready for prompt
action. The Post Office Departments at present
eneagi'dm that work. These special agents gather
up all the property stolen from the Department
by the confederates—mail bags, locks and keys,
hi,inks, stamps, (fee., reopen the offices, and rees-
tablish service again on the most necessary of the
old postal routes. They select and temporarily
appoint Union men to hold office until the De-
paitment at Washington can fill the vacancies by
permanentappointments. The Department states
that jt is impossible to renew the mail service in
the southern States without an additional appro-
priation for special agents, according to the ori-
ginal estimate. That estimate was for $75,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means cuUtdown
to £50,000. The Senate has unanimously in-
creased it to the original estimate, $7."),000. I sin-
cerely hope that the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will not prevail, but
that the House will concur with the Senate if it
desires to have the mail service restored in the
southern States as our flag advances triumphantly
towards the Gulf.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways and
Means was not very well informed as to why the
increase in the appropriation was made.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggested to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means that when-
the bill came up in his committee, I should like
to come before the committee and state why this
should be allowed, and he promised, as he will
remember, that I should. In the pressure of busi-
ness, however, they neglected to notify me.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, the Committee of
Ways and Means will not insist on its recom-
mendation, but will recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. The next amendment is a
very long one, making new legislation. I move
that all the rest of the amendments be non-con-
currcd in, so that they may be referred to a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. COLFAX. As most of the remaining
amendments relate to new legislation, the phrase-
ology of which I understand from the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means needs cor-
rection, I will not oppose non-concurrence, leav-
ing it to be settled by a conference committee.
The question was taken; and the rest of the
Senate amendments were non-concurred in.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now call up the special
order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONXfLTNG. I move to pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table, for
the purpose of taking up, first, the resolution rec-
ommended by the President,to which the Senate
has made an amendment of one word, in order
that the House may concur in it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I make the point of order
that the special order—the Pacific railroad bill—
is operative in the House as well as in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The special order having
been referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, is not a special ordur in the
House, and cannot be considered there.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to call for the regular
order of business ?
The SPEAKER. The motion made by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling] is the regular order of business.
Mr. COX. 1 thought the House was engaged
this morning in thecal! of committees.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the gentleman from New York moves
to proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon proceeded to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, when the following
joint resolution was taken up and disposed of,
as indicated below:
GRADUAL ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 48) declaring that
Congress ought to cooperate with, affording pe-
cuniary aid to, any State which may adopt the
gradual abolishment of.slavery.
The Senate amendment was reported, as fol-
lows:
Amend the titlo by striking out the word "Congress"
and inssoif in lifii thereof the words, £; the United States."
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move that the
House concur in the amendment, and on that I
move the previous question.
Mr. VALLA ND1GH AM. The gentleman will
allow me to say that 1 was absent when the vote
was taken on this resolution in the House. Had
I been present 1 would have voted " no."
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the amendment was'concurred in.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLTNGr moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD PRINTING SUBSTITUTE.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the substitute
which I reported yesterday from the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad, be ordered to be
printed. I supposed that that order was made
yesterday.
Xt was so ordered.
CITY POST OFFICES. 1 •
Mr, COLFAX. There is owe House bill, with
a Senate amendment, on the Speaker's table, which
my colleague on the Post Office Committee [Mrl
Alley] is desirous to have disposed of. * I move
that it be taken up. J i ' '■ ■
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (Hi R-,
No. 118) to authorize the Postmaster General.to
establish branch offices in cities, was taken from
the Speaker's table, and the Senate amendment
read, as follows:
Amend the first proviso by striking out the words a ex-
cept by," and inserting in lieu thereof the words " commit
to theso that it will read : '
Provided, That no letter shall he sent from the principal
office to such branch office for delivery, contrary to the re-
quest of the party to whom the same may be addressed.
Mr. ALLEY. I move that the House concur
in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKUNGk Thereareonthe
Speaker's table three or four bills which I have a
great desire to have reached and disposed of by
referring them appropriately. 1 move that we
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly proceeded to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, when the following
Senate bills were taken up and disposed of as indi-
cated below:
JORGEN LORENTZEN.
An act (No. 248) for the relief of the owners,
officers, and crew of the Danish bark Jorgen Lor-
entzen—read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
HUGH II. HOWARD.
An act (No. 210) granting an invalid pension
to Hugh II. Howard, of Hockingport, State of
Ohio—read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
OATII OF ALLEGIANCE.
An act (No. 220) to provide for the administra-
tion of the oath of allegiance to American citizens
in foreign countries—read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
THE CUMBERLAND AND CONGRESS.
An act (No. 25G) for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States ships Cumberland and Con-
gress—read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CHARLES F. RUFF.
An act (No. 259) for the relief of Lieutenant
Colonel Charles F. Ruff, of the United States
Army—read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
BANK NOTES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
An act (No. 193) to repeal that part of an act
of Congress that prohibits the circulation of bank
notes of a less denomination than five dollars in
the District of Columbia—read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
GEORGETOWN WATER TAX.
An act (No. 241) to authorize the corporation
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to
lay and collect a water tax, and for other pur-
poses—read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
EMANCIPATION IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
An act (No. 108) for the release of certain per-
sons held to service or labor in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. I object to that,
and demand the question to be put under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The question is, 44 Shall the
bill be rejected ?"
Mr. BINGrHAM. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The bill was read m extenso.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask for the read-
ing of the 117th rule.
The SPEAKER. There is no question as to
the right of the gentleman to move that the bill
be rejected. The Chair will, however, atthegen-
tleman's request, direct the rule to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 117. The first reading of a bill shall be for information,
and, if opposition be made to it, tiie question shall be,
