1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi'. SUMNER. On what other agricultural
product?
Mr. HOWE. You have notdirectly put a tax
upon corn, or rye, or barley; but upon an article
into which enters a very large proportion of corn
and rye and bailey you have put a very heavy
tax, more than one hundred per cent, on the value
of that article, and more than sixty per cent, on
the value of the material that goes into it. The
agricultural interest does not complain of this, be-
cause it will not materially affect the value of that
product or the profit of it; and there is another
article: every pound of meat which is slaughtered
for sale, you put adircct tax upon. There is no
principle in this bill like that which is suggested
here by the question of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that you will exempt this class or that
class of products from taxation. There is no prin-
ciple*like that which is suggested by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that this bill does not propose
to tax any article but once. There are numerous
articles here which you tax several times. Take, for
for instance, the article of leather: you tax the hide
when itcomes into this country, you tax it in the
hands of the tanner who tans it, in the hands of
the currier who curries it, in the hands of the
shoemaker who makes it into shoes, and in the
hands of the harness-maker who makes it into
harness. If you saw an agricultural product that
you could put a tax on without diminishing the
product itself, and without subjecting every inter-
estand class in the country to burdens which you
do not wish to impose, you would tax it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 am very anxious to give
the reasons for the vote that I am about to cast,
_ but I am much more anxious to give my vote than
the reasons; and if the Senate will agree to take
the \otc I will abstain from giving my reasons.
[" Vote."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
reconsidering the vote by which the Senate re-
fused to usrec to the amendment striking out
" one cent'1 and inserting " one half cent."
Mr. WILMOT called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 15, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doohttle, Fes end?n, Foot, Fo^tci, Gi nnes. IIau is
Iiowe,L.tit!iani,MeDuugaU,iYiojull,;Ve!jinub,Powell,llH'e,
Shetman, Simmons, Stark, Sumner, Wiliey, and Wilson
of Massachusetts—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Davis, Hale, Harlan,
Hovvaid, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Ten Eyek,
Tiumhnll, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wright—15.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question lectured upon agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Grimes, striking; outgone cent,"
and inserting "one half cent "
Mr. KING and Mr. TRUMBULL called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.- I desire to say one word.
I was for imposing the duty of a cent instead of
a half cent; but I find from the state of affairs here
in the Senate thatsuch a confiictof opinion exists
in relation to this question that my judgment is,
that it is wiser for those who desire to put a tax
on cotton to put it at half a cent, rather than to
make a struggle to put if at one cent. Our friends
who represent manufacturingStatescomplain that
it is too burdensome on the manufacturing inter-
est; but they have consented to strike out after
this year the tax on the real estate of the country;
and I think that,in consideration of what has oc-
curred, we may come to an understanding to do
what is best for all parties and all inteiests by fix-
ing this duty at half a cent a pound. I shall there-
fore vote for the amendment.
Mr. KING. I was not aware thatany arrange-
ment had been made between the different inter-
ests to be taxed 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not said there was
an arrangement.
Mr. KING. Understanding?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not said there was
an undeistanding.
Mr. KING. Expectation?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I stated certain facts.
They have consented to strike out the tax on real
estate.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was done some days
ago.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was done some days
ago. I did not say it was in consideration that
this should be done. There was no consideration
about it, except that I will consider when men
deal justly and fairly by me, it is proper that I
deal fairly and justly by them.
Mr. KING. I rose to state that I should vote
againstthis proposition, because I think one cent
a pound is no more than a just and fair tax upon
cotton. It is a tax, that m my judgment, it is
very desirable should be levied. I stated, the
other day in discussing this question, that before
the Senate got through with the subject itwas my
opinion, from the very justness of the tax, that
the Senate would come to the conclusion to im-
pose it on cotton. I prefer that it should be a cent
a pound, and therefore I shall vote against this
amendment, though I shall, of course, take any
tax which will be agreeable to the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; as follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Games,
Hale, Harris, Hovvaid, Howe, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana,
Latham, MeDougaIl,Moriill,Nesmith, Powell, Rice, Sher-
man, Simmon^ Stark, Sumner, Willey, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, and Wright-^-30.
.NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Davis, Harlan,King,
Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilmot—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to strike out the clause
and insert what I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Which clause?
Mr. SIMMONS. The one we have just voted
on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not in or-
der. The Senator can move to strike out the
words which have been inserted, if he includes
other words with them.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to strike out the whole
clause that puts a duty on cotton.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion now, without a motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island wishes to offer a substi-
tute for what is proposed to be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, striking out the clause.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But is it not in order to
propose a substitute for the section before the vote
is taken on sinking out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate shall
strike out the section, it will be in order for the
Senator from Rhode Island to offer another sec-
tion in its place. If the Senate shall not vote to
strike it out, it will be in order for him to move
to strike it out and insert something else, a motion
to strike outand insert being another and a differ-
ent motion from a mere motion to strike out.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island that I should like to know
what his substitute proposes, because, in good
faith to those who voted with us to strike the duty
down to half a cent a pound, I am going to vote for
keeping in the clause unless something equivalent
to this is put in.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will state what I propose
as a substitute, so that it shall be known. I pro-
pose to put aduty of three percent, on all articles
that we have not agreed upon in this section, that
is, the general manufactures, except cotton goods;
and then I propose, in lieu of the duty on all cot-
ton, to put on rice half a cent a pound, on cotton
known as upland cotton produced in the United
States three quarters of a cent, and on cotton
known as sea island cotton a cent and a half per
pound, and that these taxes shall be paid when the
articles are sold or removed from the place of pro-
duction for consumption or sale; and on all whole-
sale satas of produce,goods, wares,and merchan-
dise, whether foreign or domestic, a tax of one half
of one per cent, on the amount of the sales. Then
I have a proviso that leather shall not be taxed
twice, and also that sales of foreign goods im-
ported, when sold by the importers, shall be sub-
ject to the same tax as wholesale sales, whether
sold by wholesale or retail.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say a word to
save time, not to exhaust time. I just want, at
this stage of the discussion, to remark that the
course of the debate on this particular clause has
illustrated the injustice and inequality of this sys-
tem of taxation. I wish to suggest to Senators
it will save time that I may occupy hereaftei
that the argument proves that to distribute the tax-
ation fanly throughout the country, a oitterent j
system must be adopted, and I can see no obj®c~
tion to adopting a system of taxes on sales. Ihis i
discussion has been pfegriant'tvith facts and ,con-
siderations against the whole system 6f taxation
proposed by the bill. ' - , " : \
,The VICE PRESIDENT., The<?«estion ia,oat-
concurring in the amendment made^s in Com-
mittee of the Whole, striking ou t the' whole clause."
The amendment was not concurred in.. ' :
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we may we^gd -
back now and act on the few amendments that"
were deferred yesterday.
Tl^e VICE PRESIDENT. That course* will
be pursued. The first deferred amendment is to
insert, as a new section, on page 48, after scctlon
forty-four, what the Secretary will read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. —. Jind beit farther enacted, That the collector of
any district may grant a permit to the owner or owners of
any distillery within his district to send or ship any spirits,
the product of said distillery, after the quantity and proof
thereof shall have been ascertained by inspection according
to the provisions of this act, to any place without said dis-
trict and within the United States; and In such case the
bill of lading or receipt—which' shailfbe itrsuch form ks the
Commissioner of Internal Revcjiue;*nay, direct-^of t^esame
shall be taken in the name of the collector of the district /n
which the distillery was situate, and the spirits aforesaid
shall be consigned, in such bill of lading or receipt, to the'
collector oftlie district in which the place-is situate, wbitber
the spirits ib sen tor shipped, and the amount of duties-upon
said spirits shall be stated in tiie receipt, from which amount
.the allowance fixed by this act for evaporation and waste
shall be deducted} and upon the ai rival of the spirits, and
upon the demand of the collector aforesaid, the agent of the
distillery—and the name of the agent, for the convenience
of the collector, shall always appear m the bill of lading or
receipt—shall pay the duties upon the said spirits, with the
expense of freight, and every other expense which has ac- .
crued thereupon; and the said collector, upon the payment
of the duties aforesaid, shall deliver the bill of lading or re-
ceipt and the spirits to the agentofthesaid distillery; and if
the duties are not paid as aforesaid, then the saidspiritsstaall
be stored at the risk and cost of the owner or agent thereof,
who shall pay an addition often per ccnt. thereupon; and all
the general provisions of this act, in reference to liens, pen-
alties, and forfeitures, as also in reference to the collcetion,
shall apply theieto, and be enforced by the collector of the
district in which the spints maybe: Provided, That no per-
mit shall be granted, under this section, for a quantity less
than fifty barrels: Jlnd provided further, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Tieasury, may make such further regula-
tions as he may deem proper in order to protect the revenue
and to cairy out the spirit and intent of this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that there
is now no objection to that.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the nextamendment, which
was to insert after the section just adopted, the
following:
Sec. —. be it further enacted, That distilled spirits
and refined coal oil may be removed from the place of man-
ufacture for exportaftei the quantity thereof shall have been
asceitamed by inspection, according to the provisions of
this act, without payment of the duties thereon previous to
such removal, upon and with the wutten permission of the
collector or deputy collector of the district,the owner thereof
having first given bond to the United States, with sufficient
sureties, in the manner and form, and under regulations pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and in
at lea^T double the amount of said duties for the payment
thereof within thirty days from the date of said bond: Pro-
vided, That no such removal shall-he permitted where the
amount of duties does not exceed the sum of $300; nor in
any ca->e where the person desiring such permission, his
agent, or superintendent, shall have tailed to pay the duties
upon any such articles pieviously removed under bond, as
aforesaid, when the same shall have become payable, until
the same, with all'proper charges, shall have been fully
paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A substitute for that sec-
tion has been drawn with some care, after con-
sultation between myself and the Senator from
Wisconsin, [MivHowe,] and it meets his diffi-
culty. I move, therefore, to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the enacting clause
of the section, and inserting:
That distilled spirits may be removed from the place of
manufacture for the purpose of being exported, or for the
purpose of being recalled for export, and refined coal oil
may be removed for the puipose of being expoited, aiter
the ouantitv of spirits or oil so removed shall have been as-
certained by inspection, according to the provisions of this
act unon and with the wiitten permission ot the collector
oi deputy collector of the district, without pajment of tho
duties thereon previous to such lemoval, the owner thereof
having first given bond to the United States, with sufficient
sureties, in the manner and form, and under teguiaiiona
proscribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
in at least double the amount of said duties, to export the
said spirits oi oil or pay the duties iheieon witlvin such time
as may be prescribed by the Commissioner, which time
shall be stated in said bond: Provided, That any person de-
siring to give such bond shall first make oath before the col-
lector or deputy collector to whom he may apply for a per-
mit to remove any such spirits or oil, in manner and form
to be pre.-enbcd by said Commissioner, fhat he intends to
export such liquors oroi!,and that he desires to obtain said
peunit fornoothei purpose whatever, and anycoliector or
deputy coiiectoi is hereby authorized to administer such
