1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6$
3fan Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr. Wichliffe.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. SI EVENS. I am told that the gentleman
has said that I had promised not to Call up this
resolution.
WICKLIFFE. I said that the gentleman
stated he would call it up at any time that would
suit us, or suit me.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not called it up now,
and never should have called it up, unless the gen-
tleman wanted it done.
Mr./WTOKXIFFE. 1 know you have not
calleditup, but you have called up its twin brother.
What I complain of is that, instead of going
straight forward and in an open and manly dis-
cussion of this matter in the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of theUnion, we have it sprung
upon us as the effect, perhaps, of a caucus.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want the gentleman
to say that I have violated any promise to him.
I did not call up the resolution, and never would
have called it up unless required by the gentle-
man, and then only as a matter of courtesy to him.
Prom the little practical effect that I believe it
would have, it is the very last thing that I would
call,up.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not mean to castany
reflection on the gentleman. I did not intend to
charge him with violating any promise. I men-
tioned it as an extraordinary event that, yesterday
morning, to the astonishment of a large majority
of the House, the member from New York [Mr.
Roscoe Conkling] copied the President's reso-
lution, stripped of the accompanying language of
the President, and offered it as his own, accom-
panying it with the declaration of his intention to
call the previous question. When was it, sir, in
the history of the American Congress, that a prop-
osition of the magnitude of this one, involving the
emancipation of four millions of slaves and the
payment for them out of the public Treasury, was
presented to the House of Representatives, and the
previous question demanded, and those members
who were for or against it denied the opportunity
of uttering a single word m vindication of their
opinions ? Sir, I had once the honorof serving in
this House for some ten years, and I think that if
I were to say that during those ten years the pre-
vious question was not called ten times in the
House of Representatives—once a year—1 would
be within the mark. But at the present time it
seems that nothing can be said, nothing can be
discussed, opinions cannot be expressed, unless
it is by the grace of the member who stands and
holds the previous question at his bidding. A
motion, a resolution, or bill is moved, the pre-
vious question is called, it is passed. A recon-
sideration is moved, and the motion to reconsider
is laid on the table; and there is an end. Itis not
known what is in the bill or resolution half the
time.
But, sir, to the question. How is this propo-
sition to be executed? What is the plan ? You
say that if any State will adopt a system ofeman-
cipation, the United Suites ov/sjit to furnish, from
the Treasury of the United States, such State with
pecuniary aid and assistance. Now, I speak as
a citizen. I cannot speak for my State. If it
were left to me to say whether the slaves that I
own should be emancipated on my being paid for
them by the United States, I would say "no."
That is an act which I will do whenever it is to
be done without promptings ofpecuniary aid from
the United States. I would rather lose them by
the "underground railroad" than be guilty of a
violation of the Constitution, by taxing the peo-
ple to pay for the loss I might sustain by eman-
cipating them. Hence I have been desirous to
know whether those gentlemen who are for pass-
ing this lesolution will now tell the American peo-
ple, tell the States that may adopt the measure,
that Congress will, in any shape or form,appro-
priate money to carry it out. Now is the time to
make known your present intentions and future
purposes upon this question. Would they vote
that money now if they had it? That is the point
■ to which we want a decided answer.
Mr. Speaker, there has risen up on the very
face of the discussion of this question an inquiry
for every man to make who has taken the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
All admit—and when I say all I allude to the vote
which was given in this House some twelve
months past, by which it was declared that the
citizens of the non-slaveholding States have neither
the power nor the disposition to interfere with the
institution of slavery within the States where it
now exists—that Congress has not the power or
right to interfere with that institution in the States.
Is it no interference by Congress with that insti-
tution to propose to the States, to the people of
these States, a measure which is to agitate the
public mind, not only of these States, but of the
whole Union ?
Is it no interference with the institution of sla-
very for the United States to inaugurate emanci-
pating parties, reckless of the peace and order of
society ? And shall this be done at a time like
this when the union of all good men is so much
needed to save that Government so dear to every
American heart? Will you, can you desire that
the energies of the people of these States shall be
paralyzed in this great straggle, and wasted in the
vain hope of an effort to emancipate four millions
of slaves, and to pay the owners of them by tax-
ation, with a war debt now upon the nation of
over seven hundred millions of dollars—and that
war just begun—if the policy be pursued in its
prosecution designed by a portion of this Con-
gress ?
Let us alone; permit us to do our duty in the
pending struggle, and we will attend to our own
domestic institutions; and we trust to our Heav-
enly Father to point and guide us to the path of
duty. You, by the offer, beget in every State
where the institution of slavery exists, what will
be destructive of domestic peace and domestic
prosperity. It brings up the question of eman-
cipation of slaves; the most exciting one that can
be mooted.
the constitutional power.
Where, sir, do you find the power in the Con-
stitution to appropriate the money of the people
to carry out the purposes of this lcsolutiou? I
made the same pertinent inquiry yesterday, and
the response was that it was to be found in the
preamble of the Constitution of the United States,
m the words " to provide for the general welfare."
It was alleged that it was competent for the legis-
lative department of the Government, under these
words 111 the preamble of the Constitution, "to
provide for the general welfare," to do anything
and everything which could be considered as pro-
motive of the general welfare. I have spent some
time in the practice of my profession; I have spent
some portion of my life in the public service,
especially in the halls of legislation, national and
State, yet in all my life I have never before heard
any lawyer or statesman claim the right or the
power under the recitals in the preamble of the
Constitution which is now so boldly asserted.
Never before this present Congress have I heard
that any sucii power was delegated under the
phrase in the preamble of the Constitution, " pro-
vide for the general welfare." Under this pre-
tense of power, Congress might think that it would
be advancing the interests of the General Govern-
ment, to dot the whole country over with turn-
pikes, railroads, and bridges, or with schools and
colleges, or to do anything or everything that a
legislative body, unrestrained by a constitution,
may do for the benefit of the people. I thought
that this idea of a general welfare power had long
since been exploded by our statesmen and jurists
and courts whenever it was attempted to be as-
erted in the State or Federal tribunals. If you
were to allow that to be taken as agranting power
in the Constitution, then there is no limit to which
the Federal Government or Congress may not go.
But we are told that this measure is to be con-
summated under the war power. It is alleged that
we are now in a state of war, and we are told that
the Constitution is, therefore, to be disregarded. It
is said that whatever is necessary to carry on this
war to a successful conclusion, may be done with
perfect freedom under the license and authority,
not of the Constitution, but as a military neces-
sity. I deny that a state of war, and especially
the present state of war, enlarges the power of
Congress, I believe that Congress is vested with
no more power than the people have already given
to it for the purpose of doing all that is necessary
and proper to carry on this or any other war.
Is it necessary and proper, while pretending to
restore this Constitution all over the territory of
the United States, that we should repudiate the
authority and power of the Constitution? Is it
necessary that we shall disregard the Constitution
and the laws? If we violate its provisionsand dis-
regard its mandates, no man but a despot can tell
us where we shall stop. Neither will there be
found a power to check his tyranny or to protect
thecitizen againstoppression. If you want money
to prosecute the war, the power to raise it is given.
If you want men here, the power to raise them
is ample. If you want to protect any portion of
our citizens against oppression, here is the power
to do it under the Constitution. But what will be
the result of that military necessity which, it is
said, enables us to lay aside the Constitution?
What is it, and what has caused this line of ex-
ecutive and military action? I greatly fear there
are many who desire more the emancipation of
the slaves of the South than the restoration of the
Union of the States. If it had not been for that
strong desire, I think that we would never have
heard of this military-necessity power.
I suspect, sir, that these old-fashioned opinions
of mine may be taken as evidence of my want of
loyalty. I have not as yet, seen any necessity
why we should violate the Constitution in order
that we should do what is required of us, and that
is to furnish the men and money necessary to the
restoration of the Union—I deny that a State of
warincreases or enlarges the powers of Congress.
And let me depart from the argument a little. I
want to make a suggestion to the gentlemen who
agree with mo, who prefer the restoration of this
Union to all other political results at this ti^ne.
Instead of proclaiming relentless and cruel war,
the confiscation of estates, and the total subjuga-
tion of the white racc, and the elevation of the
black,I would urge the Government of the United
States, (groat and powerful as she is,) in the pros-
ecution of a just and lawful war, a war approved
by the civilized word, to pioclaim, as the Army
advances in its victorious triumphs to the mis-
guided and deluded citizens in arms, lay down
your arms; to the non-combatants, remain at your
homes, attend to your business and property, and
you shall be protected in both by the power of
that Government your fathers established, both
State and national. In this mode we may enter
the dark regions of the seceded States with a hope
of a restoration of the Union as it was.
But if the measures which now seem to be the
particular and favorite ones urged to our consider-
ation shall be carried out, if you proclaim to these
people extermination or subjugation, and the
confiscation of private property, you will have a
war that will last longer than the life of any man
upon this floor. You may conquer battles, and
gain victories; butyou will notin that way secure
the reestablishment of the Government and the
lestorution of the Union. How do you expect
to maintain the Union and to reestablish the laws
of the United States over the seceded States?
How do you expect to induce the people of those
States to aid and assist you in the restoration of
the Union and of the Government? How do you
expect to do that, if you drive every man from
his homestead under the threat you make here of ,
utter destruction or subjugation? You destroy
all hope of peace. Leave the peaceful non-com-
batants at rest; let them know that they have the
pledge of their security by this Government. If
that be done, when the war is over you will find
a nucleus of Union men in the slave States around
which the inhabitants of those States can rally,
and then the Union may be restored. Rut if they
are to be alarmed by threats of confiscation of
estates of non-combatants, then their homesteads
will be abandoned and burned either by them-
selves or the enemy. You see already the mad-
ness of the leaders of the rebellion. They urge
the population of the South to burn their home-
steads, and to destroy all their crops, in order to
keep them out of the possession of what they
term their enemies. You have taken possession
of a portion of the South. I was glad when I
heard of it. You have alarmed the population.
They have now run off and left their slaves un-
protected. What is proposed here? One gentle-
mail has proposed that we shall have a land office
