THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,-
retavy of 'lie; Treasury,honest and competent as
I believe him to be, to see the proper safeguards
thrown around this matter, than undertake to put
additional restrictions upon the matter in this
House in the hurried manner in which we do busi-
ness. If we do not pass this bill, great injustice
will be done to the States which have come for-
ward most promptly to the relief of the General
Government in this great emergency. If we throw
i embarrassments around this bill, what will be the
i result ? Here will be States beleaguering the Gen-
eral Government fora quarter of acentury for the
settlement of these accounts. Let us open the
way to the settlement of these accounts while the
proof can be had for or against their justice.
Mr. PORTER. Will my colleague who has
the floor yield, to allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. I am willing to give way to
hear any amendments proposed to the bill.
Mr. PORTER. I offer the following proviso,
to be added at the end of the bill:
Provided further* That every such certificate of the Gov-
ernor, auditor, ana treasurer of a State as aforesaid, shall
b« under oath.
Mr. HOLMAN. I accept that amendment to
my amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. HOLMAN. For a moment only.
Mr. PORTER I wish to say in reference to
the amendment I offered, that we ought to provide
against negligent or reckless certificates. Tne Gov-
ernor, treasurer, and auditor of a State ought not
to be allowed to certify to anything which they do
not know, and in order to insure that they know
what they certify to be true, I have offered the
amendment; and I think we ought to have the
further safeguard of a prosecution for perjury if
the affidavit to the certificate is false.
Mr. EDWARDS. I propose to offer some
amendments to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
no further amendments can berecieve.d unless they
are accepted by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask that they may be read
for information.
The SPEAKER. They will be read, if there
,! is no objection. The Chair would suggest to the
fentleman from Indiana, that the amendment can
e disposed of by calling the previous question
upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I had designed to make that
motion. I will state that I regard this bill as one
of the most important which we will be called
■upon to consider. There must be forty or fifty
millions of dollars already accrued which will be
settled according to the terms of this bill. There
has been great inequality in the various States of
the Union as to the moue of purchases, as to the
extent of purchases, and these, as well as many
other things must enter into the determination of
the amount which the Government ought to pay.
Therefore, it seems desirable that this bill should
be made as perfect as circumstances will admit of.
It is manifest, that for the adjustment of these
claims a bill of this character must be passed. I
have seen no substitute which would accomplish
the object more effectually than this bill, as it is
proposed to be amended. For the purpose of
enabling gentlemen to suggest any amendments
which may tend to the perfection of the bill, I
dosire, if i have the right, to yield _to the gentle
man from New Hampshii
hear his amendment read.
o yield
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Edwards,] to
' iad.
I ask that my amendment
Mr. EDWARDS
maybe read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
In line six, strike out the word? " liabilities incurred,"
and in line fourteen strike out'' or liabilities incurred."
Mr. EDWARDS. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to say one word in reference
to the purpose of the amendments. It seems to
me that we ought not to authorize the Secretary
°/ 'I1® Treasury to make allowances to States for
liabilities incurred before payment by the States;
that such a course would open the door to an im-
mense amount of claims, which may be persisted
in or not by the States, and which may be subse-
quently paid or not,as they may be able to draw
the money from the Treasury of the General Gov-
ernment. In practice, in all the States, where
allowances are to be made by one jurisdiction for
expenditures for another jurisdiction, they re-
quire evidence of payment, and not the mere pos-
sibility of liability. The object of these amend-
ments—and I trust the bill will not be adopted
without them—is to restrict the States to allow-
ances for actual payments on vouchers presented
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana to yield to me.
Mr. HOLMAN. For what purpose?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. For the purpose
of opposing the bill, with or without amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from New
Hampshire proposes an an amendment, to strike
out the words " liability incurred " wherever they
occur. I understand that such amendments are
not in order; but I suppose the House is fully
informed of the character of this measure, and of
the necessity of passing a measure of this charac-
ter in some shape or form, and of all the amend-
ments which have yet been suggested for the con-
sideration of the House, and therefore I will call
the previous question upon the amendment pend-
"fir. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I do it for the purpose of enabling
me to state that the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Kellogg,] who at that time had control of the
floor, withdrew the previous question, as I under-
stood, upon the express understanding that op-
portunity should be afforded to gentlemen, and
particularly to me, to commcnt upon this bill.
And I submit to the gentleman from Indiana,
having taken the floor upon that understanding,
if it is exactly gracious in him to insist upon the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON'. I appeal to the gentle
man from Indiana to allow me to make one sug-
gestion.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I wish to offer an
amendment to the amendment, which I think the
gentleman from Indiana will accept.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is a motion in
order to lay upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I move to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I call for the yeas
and nays upon that.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I rise to a question
of order. It is that my colleague [Mr. Holmak]
is on the floor, and no gentleman has the privilege
of the floor to make a motion to lay upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask mycolleague
to yield to hear my amendment read.
Mr. OL1N. I object to the gentleman yielding
the floor.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. WI-HTE, of Indiana. I hope my colleague
will accept my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield for the purpose
of hearing the amendment read.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object to the
gentleman yielding the floor, unless he yields it
absolutely.
The SPEAKER. Then the only way in which
the amendment can be read is by the gentleman
from Indiana reading it himself.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the time of the House
will not be much further occupied by me in con-
nection with this bill, important as I conceive it
to be.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Has the previous
question been withdrawn ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw it. I hold the
proposition of my colleague in my hand. It is to
add to the proviso as it now stands, the following:
And that the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
shall pass upon the reasonableness of all claims presented
under the provisions of this act, or the act entitled <£ An
act to indemnify the States for expenses incurred by them
mthedetenseof the United States," approved July 27,1861.
The object of that amendment is simply to con-
fer upon the officers of the Treasury the power to
pass upon the question of reasonableness. I am
constrained to believe that that amendment will
do no harm at all, and may result in enabling the
Secretary of the Treasury to adopt rules which
may be productive of great good. I therefore adopt
it as a modification of my amendment, and I now
move the previous question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois,demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the consent of the
House to propound a question to the Indiana del-
egation.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I received the other day
a handbill signed by some one in that State un-
known to me, making serious charges against the
Executive of Indiana and others, on the subject
of advances made by that State. I suppose you
have all seen it. I would inquire if those state-
ments are entitled to credit? If they are, I cannot
vote for this bill.
Mr. PORTER. I wish to say, injustice to the
Governor of Indiana, that he has demanded that
the committee of investigation of this House shall
go to the capital of that State immediately and
make inquiry into all these charges of corruption;
and I believe that every one of them is utterly
b&sclcss
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am glad to hear it. I
was satisfied that the charges were slanderous, and
this opinion was formed from the patriotic con-
ductor this gentleman ever since our troubles com-
menced ; and I am happy thus to be the instrument
of having the slander denounced in this Hall, and
a good public officer and a gentleman vindicated.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Governor of Indiana has
pertinaciously invited investigation of the subject,
from the time the charges were first made.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I must object to
this.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the bill upon the table; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 85, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricli, Allen, Alley, Ancona, Ashley,
Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Baker, Biddle, Blake,
George H. Browne, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Calvert,
Campbell, Chamberlin, Clark, Frederick A. Conkling, Ros-
coe Conkling, Conway, Corning, Cox, Davis, Dawes, Del-
ano, Delaplame, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English
Fenton,Haight, Hall, Hooper, Horton,Hutchins, Johnson,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lazear,Leary, Lehman, Mc«
Kean, McPherson, May, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Mor-
rill, Morris, Noble, Nugen, Olin, Pendleton, PGrry, Pom-
eroy, AlexanderH. Rice, John H. Rice, Richardson, Kiddle,
Edward H. Rollins, James S. ltollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield,
Sherman, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upton, Vallandigiiam, Van
Valkeoburgh, Verree, Vibbard, Wall, Charles W. Walton,
E. P. Walton, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Wmdoin,
Woodruff, Worcester, £nd Wright—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Babbitt, Baxter, Bingham, Jacob
B. Biair, Coifax, Cravens, Crittenden, Dunlap, Dunn, Fes-
senden, Frank, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Harrison, IIol-
man, William KeHoeg,Knapp,Law,Loomis,Lovcjoy..Mc-
Kniglit, Maynard, Mcnzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nixon,
Timothy G. IMielps, Porter, Robinson, Sargent, Shanks,
Shcllabarger, Shiol, Sloan, Stjatton, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Francis Thomas, Wadsworth, Wallace, and Albeit S.
White—42.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that Mr.
Smith was still detained from the House by sick-
ness.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid upon the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTPONEMENT OF SPECIAL ORDER.
%Ir. STEVENS. I move that the special order
—which is the Treasury note bill—be postponed
until to-morrow. I want to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
Army bill. It is very essential that it should be
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr,. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a bill (No. 136) to provide for the appointment of
sutlers in the volunteer service, and to define their
duties; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
CASE OP MR. UPTON.
Mr. WORCESTER, from the Committee of
Elections, made a report in the case of Charles
H. Upton, now holding a seat in the House as
Representative from the seventh district in Vir-
ginia.
