2550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
oath: Jlnd provided further, That no such removal shall be
permitted where the amount of duties does not exceed the
sum 'of $300, nor in any case where the person desiring such
permission has failed to perform the obligation of any bond
previously given to the United States for the removal of
any such articles, until the same shall have been fully kept
and performed. And the collector of the district in which
any such bond may be given is authorized to cancel said
bond on payment of said duties, with interest thereon, at a
rate to be fixed by said Commissioner, and ail proper charges
on said liquors or oil, on satisfactory proof that the same
shall have been duly exported as aforesaid. And in case of
the breach of the obligation of any such bond, the same
shall be forthwith forwarded by the collector of the district
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to he by %um
placed in the hands of the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, who shall cause the same proceedings to be taken
thereon for the purpose of collecting the duties, interest and
chargesaforesaid, as are provided in this act in the case of
a delinquent collector.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next question re-
served was one in reference to the forty-eighth
section, and the Senator from New York has a
proviso which he proposes to that section which
is satisfactory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
first be on concurring in the amendments to insert
in the forty-eighth section, after the word " sold,"
wherever it occurs, the words " or removed for
consumption or sale."
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HARRIS. Now I move to amend the sec-
tion by adding, at the end of line thirty-five:
But where the manufacturer of any beer, lager beer, or
ale manufactures the same in one collection district, and
owns or hires a depot or warehouse for the storage and sale
of such beer, lager beer^ or ale iti another collection dis-
trict, he may, instead oi paying to the collector of the dis-
trict where the same was manufactured the duties charge-
able thereon, present to such collector or His deputy an
invoicc of the quantity or number of barrels about to be
removed for the purpose of storage and sale, specifying in
such invoice with reasonable ceitainty the depot or ware-
house in which he intends to place such beer, lager beer,
or ale; and thereupon such collector or deputy shall in-
dorse on such invoice his permission for such removal, and
shall at the same time transmit to the collector of the dis-
trict in which such depot or warehouse is situated a dupli-
cate of such invoice; and thereafter the manufacturer of
the beer, lager beer, or ale so removed shall rendei the same
account, and pay the same duties, and be subject to the
same liabilities and penalties as if Jhe beer, lager beer, or
ale so removed had been manufactured in the district. The
lien of the United States upon the beer, lager beer, or ale
to be removed, as herein provided, shall continue with the
same effect and to the same extent as if no such removal had
been made. The Commissioner ot Internal Revenue may
proscribe such rules as he may deem necessary for the pur-
pose of carrying the provisions of this section into effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the leave of the Sen-
ate, I should like, before wq„ go any further, to
make a verbal amendment in the twenty-third line
of the 54th page. It may escape me again, if it
is not attended to now. I move, after the word
" court," to insert " of the United States."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none. The nextexcepted amendment,made
as in Committee of the Whole, will be read.
The Secretary read the next amendment, which
was in the fourth line of the seventy-second sec-
tion, after the word "auction," to insert " not;"
and after the word " including," in the same line,
to strike out " all;" and in the fifth lino to strike
out the words " tenth of one;" and at the end of
the sixth line to insert "adutyof one tenth of
one per cent, on the gross amount of all sales of
stocks, bonds, and other securities;" so as to
make the section read:
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1862, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid, on all sales of goods, wares, and
merchandise, articles, or things, at auction, (not including
sales of stocks, bonds, and other securities,) a duty of one
per cent, on the gross amount of such sales, and a duty of
one tenth of one per cent, on the gross amount ot all saies
of stocks, bonds, and other securities.
Mr, HARRIS. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. To levy a tax of one per cent, on
auction sales will entirely destroy the business.
I know it will in New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Senator
from New York that I believe it is the intention
of the Senator from Rhode Island to propose that
the duty shall be one half of one per cent.
Mr. HARRIS. That is too much. I prefer to
leave it as the House left it. 1 will state that in
the city of New York, where most of the sales
take place, the auctioneers are subjected to a State
tax averaging about three fourths of one per cent.;
and now to add anything more than one tenth or
perhaps one eighth of one per cent., will be ruin-
ous to the business. It cannot bear it, unless all
sales are taxed according to the proposition of the
Senator from California. If sales are taxed, that
will do; but to impose a special tax on auctioneers,
of anything like what has been suggested here,
will be ruinous to the business, beyond all doubt.
They cannot bear more than one tenth or one
eighth of one per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have had a great many
letters from these folks, and I have prepared an
amendment which I mean to propose here after
taxing all sales by wholesale one half of one per
ccnt., and I want auction sales taxed the same,
and then I would make a discrimination between
sales by auction and sales at private sale by an
increased license. I think that the auctioneers
prefer that method of discrimination, because they
say there are a great many Jew auctions, what
they call " mock auctions," where five or six
Jews are employed to bid and catch the country-
men, and when they get them to bid, let the things
go.. There is a very great imposition on the pub-
lic in the large cities in that kind of auctioneering.
I have got an -amendment somewhere in my
drawer in which I propose to classify the auction-
eers, and put them in country towns at about five
dollars a license, and raise it all the way up from
that to §1,000. My purpose is to put the auction
business in the hands of responsible men; and I
would have the tax on auction sales and on whole-
sale sales the same—one half of one per cent.
When that amendment ought to be put in, I do
not pretend to know. I am going to wait until I
can see the coast clear. I agree that if there is to
be a half cent pliton sales at wholesale, I shall be
willing to fix a tax on auction saies at the same
percentage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us settle one thing at
a time.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know the way is to settle
one thing at a time; but what will you settle it at?
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island on what principle it is
that he requires an auctioneer, who sells a cargo
of tea that comes in from Canton, to pay one half
of one per cent., and the man who sells$100,000
of stocks at auction to pay only one tenth of one
per cent?
Mr. SIMMONS. Stock sales occur every day
to about the amount of a cargo of tea, and the
whole commission on the sale of stocks is one
fourth of one per cent., while the commission on
the sale of a cargo of tea is two and a half per
cent. That is the distinction, whether there is
any right or justice in it or not.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to know the justice
of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the regular ordinary
charge for doing this business, and this tax is on
the charge for doing business; and therefore I
think we ought not to tax business that is con-
ducted for two and a half per cent, commission
as much as business that is conducted for one
fourth of one per cent commission. That is the
difference.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like some Sen-
ator who is wiser than I have yet had the oppor-
tunity to become, to inform me wherein is the
justice of imposing a special tax upon sales at
auction. I believe that they are the promptest
sales, I believe they are the fairest sales; and the
tax must come not on the agent who makes the
sale but upon the vendor, the man who has the
merchandise, who seeks a ready market, and of-
fers his goods in open market to be struck down
to the highest bidder at the time, according to the
terms of the sale. I have yet to learn any reason
for oppressing free sales in open market. I know
there is a war made by a class of merchants against
auction sales; but sound policy and public interest
are in favor of promoting them. As I had occa-
sion to remark on a previous day, when mer-
chandise comes into San Francisco from New
York, Boston, or anywhere else, to be disposed
of at wholesale, the great part of it is sent for
prompt sale, prompt realization, instead of keep-
ing it in storehouse, to the auctioneer. It is to the
interestof commerce thatprompt sales and prompt
exchanges should be made, and it is against the
interest of commerce to tax this particular class
of sales. If all sales are to be taxed, tax all alike.
If I were called upon to discriminate according
to my knowledge of what is true public policy, I
would discriminate in favor of auction sales; but
here is a proposition to put a tax of one percent,
on all sales at auction. Few men can afford to
sell merchandise in that way with a tax of this
kind. It seems to be a popular notion that it will
be paid by the auctioneer. Not at all by him; he
must have his percentage to enable him to carry
on his business; and whom does the tax come im-
mediately upon ? The vendor, the man who holds
the merchandise. Of course it is thrown into the
price; but immediately it comes off the vendor as
a matter between the competitors in market; af-
terwards it may be distributed. If there is a busi-
ness connected with the transfer of merchandise
from man to man, from merchant to merchant,
that is fair; it is where a man gets up in his place
and says, " I have this commodity to sell; wliat
will you give for it?" One says,st I will give
ten, another eleven, another fifteen," all having
a fair chance in open market, and it is knocked
down to the highest bidder for cash in hand. It
is the fairest way to deal between man and man,
and we have fallen into great error in thinking
this a fair subject to discriminate against.
It is true that the great bulk of our merchants
do not do business in that way; but it would be
better if business was done generally in that way.
There are mock auctions, persons engaged in ille-
gitimate traffic, just as there are persons in Chat-
ham street, New York, who are engaged in ille-
gitimate trade in retail. That does not affect the
general principle. There is no reason why per-
sons who sell at auction should be subjected to a
special tax. They take the risk and chance of a
price. A man who does not send his merchan-
dise to auction takes the chance of time, but a
man who makes a venture to a foreign port, with
instructions to sell in open market, does not take
that chance, and runs perhaps a greater risk, but
his business is done more promptly, and, 1 say,
done more fairly. The whole system of taxing
auction sales when they have become a feature of
the business of the country, is wrong. As I have
said before, a great portion of the merchandise
shipped to the Pacific coast is sold in this way in
the first instance. Other merchants import and
sell at private sale, and they take the chance of
time. The merchant who ships, with directions
to sell at auction, has not that chance in his favor.
The chances of the system by open sale are in
favor of the buyer and against the seller, and I
am opposed to the whole of this tax upon auction
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator's objection goes
to the whole matter. I do not philosophize about
these matters. I recollect about the first man I
ever heard give any direction in regard to making
speeches, said that if a man found that there was
a general public sentiment permanently settled m
favor of anything, you should never controvert
it; and therefore I do not mean to controvert this
doctrine about taxing auction sales. You have
heard what the Senator from New York has said
of the most commercial city in the Union; they
have got a State tax on auGtion sales.
Mr. HARRIS. So they have in Pennsylvania.
Mr. SIMMONS. Everywhere, I presume. We
have in our State. How they came to put it
there, and what was the philosophy of it, I do not
pretend to inquire and talk about. It has always
been the notion that auction sales interfere with
the regular and ordinary business of a community
of merchants. Thathas been my instiuction, and
I believe it, and therefore I put a duty on auction
sales. I do not know whether there is any phi-
losophy in it, and I do not mean to inquire about
that, because I think a great many men before I
was born inquired into it and settled it; and I shall
not trouble myself about it.
Mr. SUMN ER. I shall not consider the gen-
eral philosophy of it, nor shall I consider the ques-
tion of the license of the auctioneer. The simple
point is, whether the duty shall lie as it was in
the bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives, one tenth of one per cent., or whether it
shall be one per cent. The Senator from New
York has stated the extent to which this would
bear upon the auctioneers of New York. He says
it would kill the business there. I ask attention
to a letter which I have in my hand with regard
to the operation of this proposed tax on the busi-
ness in another large city, Philadelphia, and I pre-
