APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr Wickliffe.
Ho. of Reps.
in the South, and that the lands of the nabobs
shall be distributed to the slaves that have been
abandoned. There are other projects equally as
absurd* and in violation of the laws of civilized
. Suppose you emancipate the whole of the black
population of the southern seceded States, some-
thing over three millions, what do you intend to
do with them? Have you provided any colony to
which you can send them? Do you intend to
leave them in the South where they are ? Or do
you intend to locate them m the free States ? One
plan was before us, I think, in a bill tins morning,
jlt.is proposed that the Congress of the United
States shall open cotton plantations in the South,
upon lands now in the possession of the Army.
Is that a. military necessity 9 Is it a military ne-
cessity that we should employ, at the public ex-
pense, many agents, (I do not knowthat they
are called overseers,as they are in the South; that
would not sound well,) sub-agents or superintend-
ents? They are none of them to be called over-
seers, that would sound too much like the agent
of a southern slaveholder. Theie was a peculiar
provision in it—this bill to which I refer. They
were to forcc these creatures to work, and, if neces-
sary, they were to give them humane and Chris-
tian instruction. No,sir; the word" instruction"
is not there; but they were to use " humane and
Christian force1 believe. What do you mean
by that? You are to send a parcel of men to su-
perintend the negroes on the cotton plantations as
overseers for the Unilcd States. You may as well
postpone that measure foi a season, because the
planting season for cotton is over in that latitude,
and you can raise no crop this year.
I ask the gentlemen who are advocating those
propositions, if it is a " military necessity'' that
this Government, with a debt now of upwards of
seven hundred millions of dollars, should com-
mence the business of cotton planting in South
Carolina and Georgia or elsewhere ? 1 ask whoro
is the power and authority in the Governmentof
the United States to go into the business of farm-
ing—foi' it amounts to tlmt practically ? Where
is the authority for the Governmentof the United
States to send a parcel of men South to engage in
the business of cotton-growing who, when they
get there, will know as much about raising cotton
as i do about preaching the Gospel, and not as
much, for I have heard the Gospel preached, and
they nevrrsawasialk of rot ton growing. [Laugh-
ter.] If you carry out your plan, it will be the
finest position for one of your model n honest men
to steal that you can lind in the United States, not
excepting Army contracts.
I did not intend to discuss this question to-day,
because I hope to have other opportunities of dis-
cutwing it; but I could not help alluding to these
measures which are urged, as everything is now,
upon the plea of military necessity" to crush out
the rebellion." 1 think it is possible the views of
someoflhescmeasuresofmihtary necessity which
are to bring the war to a speedy close which are
so often expressed here, may have had the effect
of making Beauregard and his command leave
Manassas suddenly.
What is to be the effect of this resolution upon
the war? There seems to be an intimation, if I
understand it, that there is danger that the border
slave States, as they are termed, unless this meas-
ure shall be inaugurated, may wish to join the
slave States of the South, not while the war is
going on, but when the southern confederacy,
composed of the cotton States, shall have gained
its independence. 1 understand that that is one
of the inferences that may be drawn from the
adoption of this resolution. I do not say I hat is
the clear sense of it; but may it not be drawn by
those who do not understand the opinions and
feelings of the President as well as we do? So
far as I undeistand his conduct and his opinions
expressed publicly and privately, I accord with
him in the nieasuies which he has recommended,
which may be legitimately called war measures,
as the only measures which would bring this war
to a close, and give hope for a return of the States
which have seceded. Hut, sir, I can see how this
message of the President and the vote of this
House may be understood abroad greatly to our
prejudice. The inference will be inevitably drawn
there that you from the North who advocate this
resolution look to the utter impossibility of car-
rying out your favorite scheme of emancipation
and confiscation, and the liberation of the slaves
of the South; that you do not desire Union until
slavery is abolished; and that you are willing to
give up the cotton States, provided you can get
the border States to emancipate their slaves.
For one let me say that no considerations of
emancipation or of continued slavery, no consid-
erations of money, or pieferment, or advancement
would induce me, and I think I may say a major-
ity of the people of the State which I in part rep-
resent, under any circumstances, even if the in-
dependence of the southern confederacy should be
recognized by all the world " and the rest of man-
kind," to give up the old Union for connection
with a government and league such as the South
presents; and they begin to understand that by
this time at the South. Somerset and Foit Don-
elson have settled this question. They thought
atom: time that they had the power by the force
of the arms of the southern confederacy to bring
the proud and patriotic State of Kentucky into
obedience to the southern confcdeiation. But I
told you at the commencement of the session—J
was not exactly correct as to time, but what 1 prc-
dieted ultimately took place—that in the course
of a month there would not be a hostile foot within
the limits of that State; and if you were to ac-
knowledge the southern confedeiacy now and give
to'the people of Kentucky a free choice, we would
remain in the Union as we are with the right to
govern ourselves under our own institutions and
our own laws; we would stand by the Government
which our fathers gave us, in preference to one
which hangs together by a rope of sand and which
cannot, long exist. And more than that, we do
not intend ever, by the blessing of God, to separate
from the States of the valley of the Mississippi in
any division of this country. We do not intend
to separate from Indiana and Illinois and Ohio,
and I will add, fiom old Pennsylvania, for I be-
lieve she is sound.
Sir, when there were but few inhabitants in the
State of Kentucky, and when the mouth of the
Mississippi was in the hands of a foreign Power,
when there were, perhaps, but few inhabitants on
the north side of the Ohio river, such was the im-
portance of our commerce, small as it then was,
that we thought it our right and our duty by the
power of our arms to take the preparatory steps
and possess ourselves of that rivei, and drive the
Spanish power from its occupation, and Ohio and
Indiana and Illinois and Iowa and Wisconsin will
never consent to any adjustment of this question
which will make that river the dividing line. I
care not who may advocate it, or where the prop-
osition may come from, by which that river and
its advantages shall fall into the hands of an alien
Power, a Power which will not be governed by
that Constitution which secures us our rights at
home and abroad it will be resisted by the great
valley of the Mississippi. And I can assure gen-
tlemen, so far as one man is authorized to speak
for the State of Kentucky, that they need not be
afraid, that if by chance, by accident, by power,
or by agreement, you should consent to organize
the cotton States into a confederacy, Kentucky
will never consent to give up this Union, while she
bears that name.
If it could be supposed that this proposition, if
adopted, would put an end to this controversy,
that the cotton States would see at once thatthctc
was no chance of Kentucky and Virginia and
Maryland and Delaware joining the southern con-
federacy, even if it should be established and rec-
ognized, and they would at once surrender the
contest as hopeless, I would give all the negroes
in Kentucky, and live times as many more if I
owned them, to see this contest ended honorably,
arid the Union restored as it was. But, sir, I am
anxious to hear from gentlemen who are pressing
this question upon us, how it is to operate upon
the South. Do you intend to take this pioposi-
i tion m lieu of your measures of confiscation?
Answer that question. Do you intend an aban-
donment of your measures for the cultivation of
cotton ? Do you intend to abandon your efforts,
by the use of the Army of the United States, to
emancipate the slaves of those who may be found
resident within the region where this rebellion
exists? If you intend to do that, and try this
peaceful paper experiment, I can see that some
good may possibly come of it; but if you intend
to hold out this proposition, and at the same time
carry out the measures which you have in em-
bryo here in your committee room, and at the
Clerk's desk—if you intend to divide the lands of
the white man among the blacks, if you intend to
exterminate the white race, and drive out from
these States the people who occupy them, and
hold them as Territories, then this measure can-
not be necessary. I very much doubt that I should
be able, by reflection, to come to a conclusion that
this resolution is, perhaps, calculated to do no
harm, if it did no good. But that has riot been al-
lowed me. -
Sir, I have been compelled to deliver the few
crude ideas that I have offered, in this disjointed
way. Such as they are, you have them. In Ken-
tucky and all these border States, the great diffi-
culty that we have had to encounter from the
influence of the South, and those of our own citi-
zens who acted with the South, was to convince
them that the Federal Government did not mean
to interfere with slavery. I do not mean this to
apply to the man alone who owns the slave; for
it is a strange fact that the non-slaveholding por-
tion of the population are most against emancipa-
pation. We were told by the advocates of the
South that this war, which had been commenced
and inaugurated for the purpose of protecting this
capital and preserving the Union, would be used
for the purpose of emancipating the slaves of the
South. We took the opposite position. We re-
cited the vote of Congress prior to that time—in
the month of February, 1861—in which it was
unanimously declared that Congress had no right
to interfere with the institution of slavery in the
Slates. With a view of satisfying the people of
Kentucky and the people of the border States and
the citizens of the South, as to what was the pur-
pose and object of the war, my colleague [Mr.
Crittenden] introduced a resolution, in which it
was declared that the war was for the purpose of
extending the power and influence of the Consti-
tution, of reestablishing the States with all their
equality and dignity, and was not intended^ or
designed to interfere with their domestic institu-
tions. I will here insert it:
"That this war is not waged on their part in any spirit of
oppression, nor for any purpose ofconquest orsubjugation,
nor purpose of overthrowing or interfering with the rights
or established institutions of those States; but to defend
and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and to
pifwrvo tlx' Union with alt the dignity, equality, and rights
ofthe several States unimpaired; and that as soon as these
objects are accomplished the war ought to cease.51
How many members of this House voted against
that resolution on the22d of July last? Two; and
two or three were too sick to vote, or, as we say
in Kentucky, absquatulated. The rest of the mem-
bers voted for it. We took that vote to our people.
We met the disunionists on the stump, and read
your vote and your declaration and the inaugural
address and message of the President. We as-
sured the honest people of that country that the
purpose of the war was the reestablishment and
leconstruction of the Union as it was made by our
fathers m 1777. We told them that they need not
dread any effort on the part of the Administration
or of the Congress of the United States to inter-
fere with the institutions of the State of Kentucky,
or of any other State.
With that belief infused into the popular mind
of Kentucky, when the election came on, after a
hard fought battle in every county of the State,
between the disunionists on the one side aiul the
Union men on the other, a majority of moiethan
fifty thousand out of one hundred and forty-five
thousand votes was given m support of the Union
as it was. And Kentucky has sent into the Fed-
eral Army more than her quota of soldiers, willing
to carry out the declarations of Congress and of
the President, to maintain the Union, to guaranty
to eveiy State its legitimate right of self-govein-
ment, and to protect persons and property. We
are notnow, I fear, carrying out that pledge. The
vote on the proposition of the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holmhn] the other day, shows a
change of opinion in this House between July,
1861, and the day when that vote was cast. So
