1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2551
mise by saying thatit is a letter in which I place
entire confidence:
" I wish merely to make a statement in reference to auc-
tioneers in tins city, and will leave it for you to jud^o of
the matter. Auctioneers' charges in New York are as fol-
lows : State duty on foreign goods,half of onepercent. No
duty 011 domestic goods, and no license. In Philadelphia,
duty on foreign goods, one and one half perccnt.; and fitst-
cla*>s auctioneers are charged$2,000 per annum per license;
this last is a charge entirely upon the auctioneer. You will
see there is a great difference between New York and Phil-
adelphia, the former having the advantage of the latter. If
the tax proposed by the Senate ot one per cent, on sales is
laid, why, our business is killed at once. We laboi under
great disadvantage now to procure consignments from New
York, because our State charges are so much higher than
in New York.
" The original proposition of one tenth of one per eent.
will not be objected to ; bat the one per cent, as amended,
will kill the auction business in this city, as it amounts to
a piolubition. These are the facts of the matter."
[ will simply add, that the writer of this letter
is a gentleman who knows what lie writes about,
and 1 place implicit confidence in his statement.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very evident that if the
business of auctioneers is destroyed in the city of
Philadelphia, it is not going to be in consequence
of the passage of this bill, but in consequence of
the local law which prevails in that State.
Mr. SUMNER. The two together.
Mr. GRIMES. They tax there $2,000 as a
license, and then one and one half percent, in ad-
dition.
Mr. SUMNER. On foreign goods.
Mr. GRIMES. I was not in favor of the amend-
mentproposed by the Senator from Rhode Island
until I drew out the explanation which I did draw
out from him, when I addressed a question to him,
and that is the fact that these auctioneers reccivc
two and a half per cent. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Ordinarily.
Mr. GRIMES. Ordinarily two and a half per
cent, from their consignors for the sales they make
while in the ease of stocks they receive only one
fourth of one per cent. It seems to me, therefore,
we ought to make the distinction which the Sen-
ator proposes, and therefore I shall vote for it
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am satisfied in regard
to this, as I was in regard to a good many other
things. The mailer was thoroughly examined by
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives. They examined all these ques-
tions carefully upon testimony,and gave thorough
consideration to the subject. They fixed the tax
at one tenth of one per cent., and I was disposed
to let it stand there unless I had some good reason
to the contrary, some sort of statistics from some
quarter or other that would lead me to change it.
I believe it is a good rule to adopt in regard to
many of these things, that it is not safe to let a
single Senator make a change on his own notion
merely. I did not object to this amendment the other
day when it was offered, as it seemed to be gen-
erally acceded to, because I was in a hurry to get
on, and because of the reason for it slated by the
Senator from Rhode Island. I am convinced now,
without making a speech about it, that we had
better adhere to the tax fixed on auction sales by
the Committee of Ways and Means, and adopted
by the House of Rcpiesentatives.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will be done.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is a matter in which I take
no particular mteiest, but I knew the fact that
auction sales were generally regarded in mercan-
tile circles as rather against the regular business
of the country, and therefore I proposed to puta
higher tax 011 them than was in the bill. I thought
they were legitimate subjects of taxation; but upon
reflection, inasmuch as there are pretty heavy
charges 011 them in some of the States—1 was not
aware that the Pennsylvania tax was as high as
has been stated by the Senator from Massachu-
setts—I have concluded to put it at half of one per
cent. I propose also to put one half of one per
cent, on all wholesale sales.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance
assumes that the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House of Representatives examined every-
thing and heard from everybody. I do not be-
lieve there ever was an auctioneer before them
from the time of the inception of the bill until its
passage in that House. I am told there was not.
I know there have been some here since we put
on the duty of one percent, that has stirred them
up. I believe they will be perfectly satisfied with
the same rate there is upon wholesale dealers gen-
erally, with a discrimination in respect to licenses
m
that should discourage mock auctions. I do not
suppose you can tax anybody in this country,
and especially a wealthy and influential class, a
half perccnt. or one per cent., but you wake them
up, and they will be here the next week. I have
found that out.
I have no prejudice against auctioneers; but I
say it is an anomaly in commerce that the same
percentage should be put upon the sales of stocks
as upon the sales of merchandise. I read every
day the advertisements of Mr. Nicolay, He
advertises frequently to sell $1,000,000 worth of
stocks at auction. I do not know whether he
sells them or not. Ho gets one quarter of one
per cent, if he sells them; whereas men who sell
foreign and domestic goods at auction have five
per cent, for sales and guarantees. The invariable
rule with auctioneers is to give two months less
credit than is given at private sale. If the or-
dinary credit is eight months, tjiey give six; if it
issix, they give four. Anybody who knows any-
thing about trade knows there is a half per cent,
difference between guarantying afour months'and
a six months' note of the same man. You do not
have to risk him more than two thirds of the time.
I know enough about business to know that auc-
tioneers can afford to pay a half of one per e'ent.
if other merchants do, and pay for a license be-
sides.
I think the auctioneers who sell cargoes of goods
are as respectable merchants as any in the coun-
try. I do not propose to tax them for the purpose
of marking their business with the displeasure
,of the Government, but I really believe they can
stand the same tax that other wholesale merchants
do. I think they can afford to pay one half of
one per cent, on sales. When they sell five or six
or fifteen millions of dollars'worth in a year it is
very convenient to go to them to get the tax. I
do not want to scatter all over creation to get a
few hundred thousand dollars when I can go in
to Stewart, who sells $15,000,000 worth in a year,
and ask him for a commission of a half of one per
cent, on that. It amounts to something. I have
110 hostility to Stewart or any of these men; but
those are the places, in my judgment, to go to for
revenue.
The Senator from Maine has undertaken to give
us a reason for not putting more than one tenth
of one per cent, on sales of merchandise and
stocks at auction, that there must have been some
very close examinations by some committee. I
say that in my opinion any committee who exam-
ined it would come to a different conclusion. I
move to fix the rate of duty on auction sales of
merchandise at one half of one per cent., and let
the duty on auction sales of stocks remain at one
tenth of one per cent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust the suggestion of
the chairman of the Committee 011 Finance will
be accepted, and that one tenth of one per cent,
will be the tax on all auction sales.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
Did the Chair understand the Senator from Rhode
Island to move to amend the amendment?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir; I moved to make
the rate 011 sales of merchandise one half of one
per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it is manifestly unjust
to put 011 the same footing those who receive a
commission of two and a half percent, and those
who receive a commission of one fourth of one
per cent. I think the Senator from Rhode Island
is right on this question. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think one half of one
per cent, is a pretty high tax, and I hope the
Senator will modify it and put it atone fourth. I
think auctioneers can stand one fourth per cent.,
but one half will be rather heavy. The theory
in regard to auction sales, as the Senator from
Rhode Island says, has ever been that they inter-
fere with the regular mercantile concerns, and,
therefore, they have always been taxed by the
States of the Union. I believe. If in New York
they are already taxed by the State one half or
three fourths per cent.,as has been stated, I think
one foui th in addition will bo as much as the busi-
ness ought to be burdened with. I think one
fourth of one per cent, would be about fan.
Mr. SIMMONS. I pay great deference to the
Senator from Michigan about commissions, and
1 will make this one quarter of onepercent.; but
if we adopt the TiaJf per Cent. on'wholesale
generally, I shall try to have this amended again
so as to fix this rate at one half per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator; .
from Rhode Island modifies his amendment so as
to make the tax one fourth of one per cent.'?
Mr. SIMMONS, Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree to that. 1 '
Mr. GRIMES. Then I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays. • - - ~
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and nays may be withdrawn by unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, as amended, was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was to strike out section seventy-
three, in the following words:
Sec. 73. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the said 1st day of July, 1862, there shall be annually levied,
collected, and paid by any person or persons owning, pos-
sessing, or keeping any carriage, watch, piano forte, or
billiard table, the several duties or sums of money set down
in figures against the same respectively, or otherwise spe-
cified and set forth in schedule marked A, viz:
schedule a.
Carriages, Watches, Piano Fortes, Billiard Tables, andPlate.
Carriage, gig, chaise, pheeton, wagon, buggy wagon,car-
ryall, rockaway, or other like carriage, the body of which
rests upon springs of any description, kept for use, and
which shall not be exclusively employed in husbandry or
for the transportation of merchandise, and valued at $50 or
over, including the harness used therewith, when drawn by
one horse, $1; carriages of like description drawn by two
horses, and any coaeh, hackney-coach, omnibus, or four-
wheel carriage, the body of which rests upon spring.* of any
description, which may be kept for use, for hire, or for pas-
sengers, and which shall not be exclusively employed in
husbandry or for the transportation of merchandise, valued
at $50, and not exceeding $200, including the harness used
therewith, diawn by two horses or more, $-2 ; carriages of
like description, when valued above $200 and not exceed-
ing §600, $5; carriages of like description, valued above
$000, $10 ; plcasuie or racing vessels, known as yachts,
whether by sail or steam, under the value of$600, $5; yachts
valued above §600 and not exceeding $1,000, §10; and for
each additional $1,000 m value of said yacht*, $10; gold
watches, kept for use, §1; silver watches, kept for use. 50
cent5;; on organs and melodeons kept for uso or hire, valued
at $50 or less, 50 cents; valued above $50 and notexceed-
iii^r «100. $1; vilued above $100, $1 50; on ptano fortes,
kept for use or hire, valued at$50 or les<,50 cents; valued
at above $50 and not exceeding $100, $1; valued at above
$100 and not exceeding $200, $2; valued at above $200
and not exceeding $300, $3; valued at above $300 and not
exceeding .$400, $4; valued at above $400 and not exceed-
ing $500, $5; valued at above $500, $6 : Provided, That no
tax shall be laid upon any instrument of music mentioned in
this section u^ed in churches of public worship. Billiard
tables, kept for use, $20; plate of gold, kept for use, per
ounce, trov, 50 cent*; plate of silver, kept for use, per
ounce, troy, 3 conts: Provided, That silver spoons or plate
of silvei, to an amount not exceeding forty ounces, as afore-
said, belonging to any one person, shall be exempt from
duty. From and after the 1st day of May, 1862, theie shall
he levied, collected, and paid by any person, or persons,
owning, possessi ng, or keeping a dog of any kind, a tax on
every dog so owned or kept, $1.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Clark, Col-
lamer, Covvjiri, Dixon, Fcfe&enden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Hailan, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDougaH,Nes-
inith, Powell, ltice, Sherman, Simmons, Stark, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Willey, and Wilson of Massachusetts—-27.
NAYS—-Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Doolittle, Howard,
Howe, King, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and
Wright—11.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was on page 113,in section seventjr-
eight, to strike out the words " find savings insti-
tutions," and wherever they subsequently occur
in the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I moved that amendment
and it was carried in Committee of the ^iVhole,
hut I have since had such information on the sub-
ject as convinces me that it must undergo some
modification. I find that the name of " savings
bank" or " savings institution," being rather a
popular phrase, has been adopted by many bank-
In" institutions of an entirely different kind from
those known by that denomination in the pait of
the country in which I reside. Those are confined
to taking care of small deposits, but I have inform-
ation that there is an institution in San Francisco
called the " Savings and Loan Society," the de-
posits in which are over two millions of dollars, and
-they pay over one pel cent, a month. Money is
deposited there by tens of thousands of dollars
daily, because the people get more interest there
than elsewhere. 1 am also informed that atLouis-
