1862.]
37th Cong....2d
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•^1  
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
far as that vote goes, we are toid that the object
which wo indicated in July last as the object of
the war is not now its object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. No, sir; I cannot yield
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whohasmaae that state-
ment
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I refer to your vote and
others on the resolution offered the other day by
the gentleman from Indiana. I should like to take
a stand-up vote m the House in the old-fashioned
mode, by count of hands, whether you are will-
ing to abide by the resolution of July, 1861. The
resolution offered by the gentleman from Indiana
the other day was a reiteration of the same prin-
ciple enunciated in the resolutions of my colleague
of last July, that the war is carried on for the
restoration of the Union, the protection of per-
sons and property, and the perfect equality of the
States.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky yield the floor to the gentleman from
3New York?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will after I am done.
[Laughter.] I yielded to so many men the other
day that I could not get the floor afterwards.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to correct the gentleman.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman can cor-
rect me when I am done.
Mr. OLIN. I will, if I can get the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If I have done any man
injustice, it is only by telling the truth about his
vote. Gentlemen knew what they meant by that
vote. Those who did not mean what they voted,
of course I ask their pardon. I should like to say
a little more of the mode and manner in which it
is proposed to carry on this war. [Here the ham-
mer Tell.] It seems that my hour has expired,
and I will add to this some of what I would have
said.
I will call attention to the opinions of the Pres-
ident, and those who elected him, upon this sub-
ject of slavery as it existed in the States. The
party, in their platform at Chicago, pledges him
and themselves to this emphatic declaration:
"Resolved, That the maintenance of the lights of the
States., and specially the right of each State to" older and
control its own domestic institutions according to its own
judgment, exclusively, is essential to thatbalanceof power
on which the perfection and endurance of our political
fahtic depends ; and we denounce the lawless invasion by
armed force of the soil of any Stale or Territory, no matter
under what pretext, as among the gravest of ciimes."
The President in his inaugural address pledged
himself to the observance of this principle, and I
shall rely confidently on his fulfillment of that
pledge. He said in that address:
" r have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the m?-titution of slavery m the States where it exists.
1 believe J have no lawful light to do so. and I have no in-
clination to do so."
In all his messages, that of July particularly,
lie has maintained the same regard for the rights
of the States, and the sacredness of their institu-
tions, as declared by him in March, 1861.
General Butler has not been silent upon this
question of slavery, connected and affected as it
may be by this war. He shall speak for himself.
In his letter to the Governor of Massachusetts he
utters the following sound opinions:
" On the morning following my landing, I was informed
that the city of Annapolis and environs were in dangei from
an iiisunection of the slave population, m defiance of the
laws of the State. What was I to do? I had promised to
put down a white mob, and to preserve and enforce the
laws against that. Ought I to allow u black one any pref-
erence in a breach of the laws ? I undeistood that I was
armed against all infractions of the laws, whether by white
or black! and upon that understanding I acted, certainly
with promptness and efficiency."
Again, in the same letter, and speaking on the
same subject, the following sentiments occur:
"I appieciatefullv vom excellency's suggestion a* to the
inherent weakness of the rebel?., arising fiom the prepon-
deiance of their seivile population. The Question, then, is:
in what, manner shall we take advantage of that weakness?
liy allowing, and of couise aiming, that population to rise
upon the defenseless women and children of the country,
carrying lapine, aison, and murder—all the horrors of San
Domingo a million times magnified—among those whom
we hope to icunite with us as brethren, many of whom are
already so, and a'1 who are wotth preserving will be when
this horrible madness shall have passed away or be thrashed
out of them? Would your excellency advise the troops
under my command to make war in person upon the de-
fenseless women and children of any part of the Union,
accompanied with brutalities too horrible to be named?
You will say,' God forbid !J If we may not do so in person,
shall we arm others so to do, over whom we have no re-
straint, exercisc no control j and who, when once they have
tasted blood, may turn the very arms we have put in their
hands against ouiselves, as a part of the oppressing white
race ?
"The reading of history, so familiar to your exccllency,
will tell you the bitteiest cause of complaint which our
fatheis had against Great Britain, in the war of the Revolu-
tion, was the aiming, by the Butish ministry, of the red men
with the tomahawk and the scalping-knife against the
women and the children of the colonies, so that the phrase,
' may we not use all the means which God and nature have
put in oui power to subjugate the colonics?'has passed
into a legend of infamv against the leader of that ministry
who used it in Parliament. Shall history teach us in vain?
Could we justify ouiselves to ourselves? Although with
aims in oui hands, amid the savage wildness of camp and
field, we may have blunted many of the liner moial sensi-
bilities in letting loose four millions of worse than savages
upon the homes and hearths of the South, can we be justi-
fied to the Christian community of Massachusetts? Would
such a course be consonant with the teachings of our holy
icligion? I have a very decided opinion upon the subject,
and if any one desires—and 1 know your excellency does
not—this unhappy contest to be prosecuted in that manner,
some instrument other than myself must be found to carry
it on."
General McClellan, in his address to the citi-
zens uf Virginia when ho entered that State at the
head of his gallant army, proclaimed to her citi-
zens the following cne.ouraging words:
"Notwithstanding all that has been said by the traitors
to induce you to believe thatouradvent among you will be
signalized by interference with yourslaves, understand one
thing clearly: not only will we abstain from all such inter-
ference, but we will, on the contraiy, with nn iron hand,
crush any attempt at msuirection on their part."
On the 22d day of April, 1861, Mr. Seward,
writing to Mr. Dayton, our minister at the Court
of the Emperor Napoleon, and treating of the
subject of the present rebellion, said:
"I need not fmther elaborate the proposition that the
revolution is without a cause ; it has not even a pietexl.
" Itisjusiasclcartbatitih without an object. Moral and
physical causes have deteimined inflexibly the character of
each one of the Territories ovei which the dispute has arisen,
and both parties after the election harmoniously agieed on all
the Federal laws required for then organization. The Ter-
ritoues will remain in all respect* the same, whether the
revolution shall succeed or shall fail. The condition of sla-
veiy in the sevetal States will lemainju-t the same whether
it succeed oi fail. Thoie i-. not oven a piete.st lot the com-
plaint that the disaffected States aie to be conquered by the
United States if the revolution fail; for the lights of the
States and the condition of every human being in them will
remain subject to exactly the same laws and forms of ad-
minisuation whether the levolution shall succeed oi fail.
In the one case the States would be federally connected
with the new confederacy; in the other, they would, as
now, be members of the United States; but their constitu-
tions and laws, customs, habits, and institutions in either
case will remain the same.
" It is hardly necessary to add to this iricontesfablestate-
ment the further fact that the new President, as well as the
citizens through whose suffrages he has come into the ad-
ministration, has always repudiated all designs whatever
and whenever imputed to him and them of disturbing the
syfciem of slavery as it is existing undei the Constitution
and laws. The case, however, would not be fully pre-
sented if [ were to omit to say that any such efloit on his
pait would be unconstitutional; and ail his actions in that
dnoction would be prevented by the judicial authority,
even though they were assented to by Congress and the
people."
Under date of April 10,1861, Mr. Seward wrote
to Mr. Adams, the American minister to Eng-
land; and in his official instructions to him spoke
as follows:
<c You will indulge in no expressions of harshness ordis-
respect, or even impatience, concerning the seceded States,
their agents, or their people; but you will, on the contrary,
all the while lemember that those States are now, as they
always heretofore have been, and, notwithstanding their
temp'oraiy self-delusion, they must-alvvays continue to be,
equal and honored members of this Federal Union, and that
their citizens, throughout all political misunderstandings
and alienations, still are and always must be oui kindred
and countrymen."
I will quote no more, though much more re-
mains to establish the position assumed by the
Administration, by Congress, and the officers of
the Army, that this war (being forced upon the
United States) is to bo prosecuted for the main-
tenance of the Constitution and the restoration of
the Union as it was. To give it now a different j
purpose, to wage it for the destruction of the
States, the abolition of slavery, would be a fraud
so infamous that it would call down upon its
authors the anathemas of all good and honest
men.
MR. POWELL'S DEFENSE.
SPEECH OF HON. L. W. POWELL,
OF KENTUCKY,
In Senate, March 14, 1869,
On the resolution for the expulsion of Mr. Powell, reported
upon adversely by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POWELL said:
Mr.President: I had hoped that after the Judi-
ciary Committee had made their report, the vote
would be taken withoutany discussion. I at least,
on my part, after the report of that committee,
was willing that the vote should be taken without
saying a word on the subject. But after the very
extraordinary speech of my colleague, I am com-
pelled, in my own defense, to make a reply. I
trust, sir, that in the reply which I shall make, I
shall be governed by feelings of just consideration
to the Senate, that I shall approach the subject
calmly, dispassionately, and seriously, duly im-
pressed with the solemn circumstances by which
I am surrounded, and the awful consequences to
mo individually of the action of the Senate.
My colleague was kind enough in the very
lengthy, and I must say somewhat hitter, speech
that he delivered, to speak kindly of me, person-
ally. For that, 1 thank him. I shall not, I trust,
be governed by that impetuosity of temper, if
not bitterness of feeling, that characterized my
colleague. My colleague's conduct in this whole
matter has been, I confess, somewhat astonish-
ing to me; yet I have no complaints to make of
it. He has rights here as much as any other in-
dividual Senator. I accord to him most cheer-
fully all his rights and privileges. He stated to
the Senate that this was a very unpleasant duty
he had to perform. I hopethatitwasunpleasant,
notwithstanding my colleague's disclaimer—his
bearing, his manner, his temper, indicated to my
mind that he was engaged in what to him was a
work of love. But, IVIr. President, there is a way
of performing unpleasant duties that sometimes
disarms them of a great deal of their apparent
harshness.
My colleague is the author of the resolution.
It is before me now in his own handwriting. [Mr.
Davis assented.] It was presented, however, by
another Senator. I have no complaint against the
honorable Senator who presented it, because my
* colleague is presumed to know all the facts con-
| nected with this matter better than any other Sen-
ator, or at least the action of the State of Ken-
| tucky; and, as he makes the charges, I do not
attach the least blame to any Senator for present-
j ing the resolution. I think, however, my col-
league acted a little ungenerously in this, that
while he was laboriously engaged in drawing up
his bill of indictment, he did not notify me of the
fact. The first intimation I had of it was when
the resolution was presented by the honorable
Senator from Minnesota; and I must confess that
when I looked at it at the Clerk's desk and found
it to be in my colleague's handwriting, I was some-
what amazed. I thought courtesy at least to a
colleague would have induced the Senator to no-
tify me of what he proposed to do. He did not
do it. The case went to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary; and, as the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, the chairman of that committee, announced,
1 did promptly, and 1 trust delicately,ask the com-
mittee to give it the earliest possible attention.
Before that committee, however, had time to con-
clude their investigation, such was the hot haste
and zeal of my colleague, that he publicly in the
Senate Chamber demanded of the committee to
know why they had not reported, or at least urged
them to report as speedily as possible. They did
report that the resolution ought not to pass; and
the very day that they made the report, my col-
league notified the Senate that he would move on
the next day to take it up. It did strike me that
if my colleague had been governed by that cour-
tesy which I am sure I would havo extended to
him, he would have come to me and consulted
with me as to whether it would be'conver&ent for
me to have it taken up the next day or not; but he
said not a word to me about it.
Of all this I do not complain, because 1 have
been always ready to meet the charges. Con-
scious of my innocence, I felt that 1 could success-
