2552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
villo and other places they have what they call
savings batiks, which are .very profitable institu-
tions, not founded upon the deposits of small
sums by laboring* people like ours, and therefore
I cannot ask the Senate to strike out the whole
provision as to savings banks, but I desire, in order
to save the point I am after, to add this proviso
at the end of the section;
rfnd provided farther, That nothing in this act shall be
construed to include saving? banks whose. business it is to
receive and take charge of small deposits,and whose amount
of annua! net profits does not exceed six per cent, upon those
deposits.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. Why use the term "small
deposits ?"
Mr, COLLAMER. That is not material, ex-
cept as matter of description.^ If any savings
bank, I do not care where it is, does not make
move than six per cent, per annum—and our little
savings banks make but five—they must be such
as there is no occasion for laying any tax on.
Then the large banks at Louisville and San Fran-
cisco, who make much more, will not be excepted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The savings banks in
San Francisco hav.e large amounts of deposits,
but they are deposited in small sums and depos-
ited as savings. They are not speculative con-
cerns; they are not banks of deposit and discount,
except in a small way to keep active the money,
and they loan it out not upon discount, but upon
mortgage securities; and six percent, interest is as
much interest as they expect to derive.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think all gentlemen will
agree with me that such companies as I have re-
ferred to should be cxceptea. I desire that the
committee's recommendation should be non-con-
curred in, and that the proposition I have now of-
fered should be adopted at the end of the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Chair will so put the question.
The first question will be on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole,
striking out the words «• and savings institu-
tions.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
now put the question upon adopting the proviso
offered by the Senator from Vermont, to insert at
the end of section seventy-eight, page 115:
And provided, further, That nothing iu this act shall be
construed to include savings banks whose business u is to
reecive and take chaigc ot small deposits, and whose an-
nual net profits do not exceed six per cent, on &aid deposits
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was to strike out section eighty, after
the enacting clause, in the following words:
That on and after tho 1st day of May,,1862, there shall be
Said for in respect of every insurance from loss or damage
y fire which shall be made, renewed, or continued, or
which shall be indorsed upon any open policy, by any com-
pany or Us agents, or by any association or individual after
this act shall take effect, a duty of ten cents upon each and
every $100 insured for one year, and at and after that rate
for any fractional part of $100, and foi each and cveiy year,
or fractional part of one year, as well as for any number of
years for which the insurance shall be made, renewed, or
continued, or shall be indorsed upon any open policy: Pro-
videdf however. That any such insurance made, renewed,
or continued, by any company or its agents, for a period of
time not limited, shall, lor the purpose of this act, betaken,
and bo deemed to be an insurance for ten years; and foi
and in respect of every insurance from lo-s or damage,
which shall be made, renewed, or continued, or which shall
be indorsed upon any open policy by any marine or inland
insuianee company, or its agents, or by any association, or
individual, after this act shail take effect, a duty of one dol-
lar upon every $100 of premium on such insurance, and at
and after that rate for any fractional part of $100 of pic-
mium for any insurance made, renewed, or continued, or
indorsed upon any open policy.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That on the 1st day of October, A. D. 1862, and on the
first day of each quarter of a year thereafter, there shall be
paid by each insurance company, whether inland or marine,
and by each individual or association engaged in the busi-
ness of insurance from loss or damage by lire, or by the perils
of the sea, the duty of three per cent, upon the gross receipts
for premiums and assessments by «ueh individual, associa-
tion, or company during the quarter then preceding; and
Hke duty shall be paid by the agent of anyloreignin^uiaiice
company having an office or doing business within the
United Suites.
Mr. SUMNER. I renew the motion which I
made in committee, to substitute one per cent, for
three per cent.
. ^r- EESSENDEN. Do you want that on fire
insurance? You want to make a distinction be-
tween fire and marine, I suppose
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr, FESSENDEN, The Senator will notac-
complish his object by striking out " three'
inserting (i one," because then he strikes c
and
nsertwg one," because then lie strikes down
the tax on fire insurance. Everybody is satisfied
with that rate of duty on fire insurance. He ought
to have gone through and made the other neces-
sary alterations.
Mr. SUMNER, I beg the Senator's pardon.
In the debate that occurred some days ago, the
two were treated alike. I made the proposition
myself, and it was precisely the one which I make
now, to substitute " one" for " three."
Mr. DIXON. Do I understand the Senator
from Maine to say that everybody was satisfied
with three per cent, on fire insurance?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it so. The
debate that occurred was on the proposition with
reference to the stamp on the policy.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon,
it was on my motion; and the debate occurred
here at this place on my proposition to substitute
" one" for " three*," and it was equally applica-
ble to insurances on fire and at sea. The words
" or forlife insurancc"had been previously struck
out. Then I moved to substitute "one" for
" three." I have no desire to go into that argu-
ment again now. It was very extensively consid-
ered before. The tax of three per cent. 1 think it
was satisfactorily shown was too high, and it was
further shown that it was one of the cast-off taxes
of England. England kept it up for a long time
until finally her experience has been such that she
has been induced to lay it aside, and now it is pro-
posed to us to take it up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. The repealing
act is not a law in England. There has been a
majority vote in the House of Commons; at least
the Senator quoted from a paper that a majority
of the House of Commons had pronounced against
it; but that is all.
Mr. SUMNER. The House of Commons pro-
nounced against it certainly. I think, there/ore,
1 did not use too strong language when I said it
was a cast-off tax of England. It has been pro-
tested against, as the Senator knows, repeatedly,
for several years, as an injurious tax, as a tax
upon a tax, a tax upon a premium, and as a tax on
something which was in itself almost a charity.
Insurance basin it a certain charitable clement, in
which respect it differs from other business, and
on that account the tax has U en for many years
protested against in England, and at last that pro-
test has ripened into a vote of the House of Com-
mons against the tax; and now, within a few weeks
of that vote in the House of Commons setting that
tax aside, we are asked here to take it up. I call it
therefore a cast-off tax of England which w^are
asked to adopt. I hope we shall not do it.
Mr. DIXON. I have already taken up as much
of the time of the Senate on this subject as I
ought perhaps to do, and I do not propose now
to occupy more than a very few minutes. I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate particularly
to this subject, and to have the intelligentand de-
liberate voice of the Senate upon it. The proposi-
tion is to taxfire insurance companies—and I speak
now particularly m reference to them, although
the same principle applies to the others—at the
rate of three per cent, on their entire receipts for
premiums. As I saidafewdaysago, that amounts
in nearly all cases to at least twenty per cent, on
their profits in years when they make profits. If
they make no profits, of course, it is a heavy
burden. Take the last year; look at the condi-
tion of things then. The business of insurance
has been spoken of as a very profitable business.
I have the return of the fiie insurance companies
to the comptroller of the State of New York for
the year 1861. It includes the returns of the com-
panies in New York, and all other companies in
other States which do business in the State of New
York, and I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate for a few moments to one or two figures on the
subject. The whole amount of premiums received
in 1861 by the companies out of the State of New
York was §5,116,134. The amount of expendi-
tures, including losses and the expenses of con-
ducting the business, without any reference to
profits or any reference to dividends, of the same
companies for the same time was $5,124,108, leav-
ing a loss actually to these companies. They
paid out$5,124,108, while they received $5,116,134
in trust for the insured to pay losses, and they
had no other means of paying losses except by
a resort to their capital. They paid out the whole
of that sum in losses and expenses. Now, it is
proposed to tax them on that sum three percent,
on the $5,000,000 which they received and actu-
ally paid out.* I do not ask the Senate to exempt
them from taxation because their business was
that year unfortunate, and still continues so. I
only ask that a reasonable amount be placed upon
them. I say that one percent, on that $5,000,000
is all that they ought to be required to pay. That
is a very large percentage, because they made no
profits. If you take the companies in the State
of New York, you will find a similar state of
things, although they did, to be sure, make some
profits during that year, but very slight. I will
take a single instance: take the Phcenix company,
which was referred to the other day by the Sen-
ator from Ohio as having been very fortunate.
That company received $379,459 in premiums.
It paid out, in expenses and losses, §413,000;
more than the whole amount of receipts. I ask
the Senate if it is right that that company, one of
the most prosperous in the country,should pay a
tax on the amount of its losses; for that is the
proposition. It received a certain gross amount
of premiums, it paid out more than the whole,
encroached on its capital, and now you propose
to tax it. I say it is an unjust basis of taxation;
but if you take that as the basis, you ought not
to go over one per cent.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Connecticut a question. I want to ask
him whether the instances he cites are fair aver-
ages of several years; because, according to his
showing, the business of insurance is evidently a
losing business, and the companies are merely
keeping up their institutions for public accommo-
dation, and are losing annually.
Mr. DIXON. I will answer that. It is more
than a fair statement. There have been years in
which a few companies have made money, but I
assert here to the Senator and the Senate that the
business has generally been disastrous. That,
I think, is the experience of the country. The
companies very frequently break. I stated the
other day that if you take the case of the most
fortunate company in the country, its dividends,
taking the whole fifty years of its existence, have
not exceeded seven per cent.; and that is a remark-
able case; it is the exception. The business of
these companies is well known to be extremely
hazardous. Someyearsthey makemoney. When
they make large amounts of money, it is an ex-
ception. The general rule is that they have not
been fortunate. I have here a list of the market
prices of the insurance companies' stocks in Hart-
ford, which arc as* profitable us any, and if the
Senate will look at them, they will see that they
rule, with two exceptions, below par. They vary
from ninety to fifty. That is the price of the stock
at this time; and only two are above par. But I
am not asking that these companies shall be ex-
empted from taxation. I merely desire the Senate
to place upon them a proper rate of taxation.
What will be the amount received under this
tax—this rate of three per cent.? The business
of insurance in the single city of Hartford, a sin-
gle interest, in a single place, will pay under the
proposed taxation $120,000 a year. It seems to me
that interest ought not to be expected to bear that
burden. They may do it one year, but can they
continue for a series of ten years to pay $120,000
a year? One per cent., if it is fixed at that, will
make them liable to a tax of §40,000 a year, and
that they are willing to pay—$40,000 from a sin-
gle interest in a single town. I think Senators
will see that I do riot desire them to be exempted
from taxation. I desire them to pay a liberal tax,
a heavy tax; and I say $40,000 a year from a sin-
gle interest in a single town is a heavy rate of
taxation.
It is said that if this rate of tax, three per cent.,
is laid on the companies, they will place it upon
their customers, they will raise their rates of in-
surance. Even if that should be the result, I am
not certain that that is a mode of raising money
which ought to be adopted, by taxing those who
insure their property; but I say to the Senate that
will not be the case; the fact is that the competi-
tion is so great, as I said a few days ago, the
rivalry between the companies is so great that
they cannot raise their rates. The result will be
that many of the companies will die out. About
half the companies, the minor companies, the
weaker companies, the more feeble will say, " we
