n%
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14.,
3^th Cong....2D Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
fully meet them before any intelligent and impar-
tial tribunal at any moment; and hence I have
been prepared for the conflict from the very first
day the resolution was introduced; for
" Thrice is he armeel who hath his quarrel just."
I merely mention these things in passing; and
J now notify my colleague that if ever I shall be
under the painful necessity of making any assault
upon him, in any way whatever, I will never do
it through another. If I shall ever think it is rny
duty to do'it, I will notify him of the fact, and 1
will do it in my own proper person. That is the
way I will treat him. My sense of justice to a
colleague indicates that I should do so; and not-
withstanding the somewhat ungracious manner in
which ho has treated me, I shall always treat him
in a way that I think proper, courteous, and just.
Mr. President, the speech of my colleague was
extraordinary in many respects. Ho did notcon-
fino himself to the record. The indictment, I
thought, was long enough. I have had some little
experience in courts, and J have rarely ever seen
an indictment longer than the one my colleague
hits drawn up against inn. But, sir, he went out
ofthe record, and compels me to meet charges that
are not in the record,and of which I had no notice,
and in doing that I hope my colleague will excuse
me if 1 tell him that, in many particulars, he has
drawn upon his fancy for his facts. Before I pro-
ceed to the gravamen of thecluuges, I will notice,
at the outset, some of these outside allegations of
my colleague and dispose of them. Iteally the
gravamen of hii speech, as 1 understood it, was,
that I ought to be expelled from the Senate he-
cause I had misrepresented the will ofthe Union
men of Kentucky, and because I had opposed the
doctrine of coercion—had opposed the wai, mid
voted against men and money to cariy it on. That
was the staple ofhin speech.
My colleague, with the zeal and ardor with
which ho always enters into any controversy, told
the Senate that there was an immense mass meet-
ing in the county of Owen, and that the people of
that good county were invited there to drink
whisky and feast on treason from Iireckinridge
and myself. 1 would not regard it as any want
Of loyalty if 1 had gone to the county of Owen
and addressed my fellow-citizens there. Whether
u would be disloyal or not, would depend on the
matmdr in which 1 spoke to them. I can tell my
colleague and the country that I should think it
no discredit to me to speak to the people of the
county ofOwen. I have Ion;;'known ihose people.
They have been my last, linn, political friends. 1
have spoken tu them on many occasions, and al-
ways with nlensuie. When 1 have been a enndi-
(lulu in ihe SltUo ol ivontucky, I luivo been ujvvnys
cheered nl the close o/ the polls by tin; overwhelm-
ing majority that tile people of Owen sent up for
Inc. It will always afford me pleasure to mingle
with and speak to t he noble, patriotic, true-hearted,
and gallant men of Owen. But, sir, the Senate
will perhaps be surprised when I tell them that
although my colleague said 1 lmd been recently
feasting those people with treason, I have not been
an the county of Owen since the year 185G; and
consequently the people at that meeting did not
enjoy the banquet of which my colleague spoke.
1 do not know why it was that my colleague,
ill his hot zeal to convict me of disloyalty, should
have represented me as addressing assemblies
ot which 1 know nothing and at which I was
not present. It is tiue lhat some time after this
meeting was over, I suw a statement in a news-
paper announcing a great mass meeting in the
county of Owen, and thai Mr. Breckinridge, Mr.
Vallandigham of Ohio, myself, and others would
address them; but Senators all know how an-
Jiounci'inenis of that kind arc made in political
canvasses. So far, lh<-n, as that part of my col-
league s speech is concerned, it certainly can have
no weight with the Senate; but if 1 had gone there
and spoken to the people of Owen, I do not think
1 should liavedonefliiy thing wrong. Ihavespoken
to them often with pleasure. 1 hope to be able to
speak to them again, for 1 always met in that
county good and brave men, true and loyal to the
Constitution of their country.
My colleague said, too, that Humphrey Mar-
shall was oiganizmg troops in the county of Owen
to march upon the capital of Kentucky, and he
said that 1 knew it. Sir, I had no knowledge on
God's earth that Humphrey Marshall was ever
organizing troops for the purpose of marching on
the capital of Kentucky. If he had any such in-
tention, it was certainly unknown to me. After
the panic which seems to have prevailed for some
time at the capital had subsided, I saw a state-
ment in the newspapers that Colonel Marshall had
contemplated a descent upon the capital, but I re-
garded it as one of the many false rumors afloat
m the country. I also saw in the papers a letter
written by Colonel Marshall meeting this very
charge—a letter written some fifteen or sixteen
days after the ]0th of September, when I attended
a mass meeting at Frankfort, at which meeting
the resolutions which my colleague has putin his
charges were passed. If Colonel Marshall was
at any time organizing men to march upon the
capital, 1 had no knowledge of it, was in no way
implicated in it, and am in no way responsible for
it. I, however, do not believe he ever contem-
plated such a thing. His letter was written on
the 27th of September, 1861, to Judge Prior, who
had been instructed by General Anderson to ask
Colonel Marshall to disperse some men who were
said to be under his command. I will here state
to the Senate Lhat all the knowledge or informa-
tion I ever had about Colonel Marshall organizing
troops anywhere at any time I got from the pub-
lic journals of the country. In fhis letter of Col-
onel Marshall, written a short time after the time
at which, according to my colleague's statement,
he was about to make a descent on Frankfort, he
says:
"T have heard with piofound astonishment and regret
the rumor tiiat 1 contemplated a descent upon Hie capital
or Ihe homesteads of Uiuun men. J assuie yon nothing
could be more lalse or preposterous, for if I had ten thou-
sand men assembled, every Union inan in the county or
elsewlieie might sleep in pcrteet security that I would not
molest lorn or his, but, on the contiary, would protect him
in the enjoyment of all those rights which arc his birthright
as weil as mine.
" It is bill ui'Mi who desire to convulse society who spread
these report*—men who would precipitate the shock of
arms and civil strife, that they might find opportunities for
self-aggrandizement amid the turmoil they excite. I saw
a paragraph stating that I was at New Liberty, surrounded
by eight bundled secessionists to prevent mv'arrest; when
1 pledge my honor that I have not with me any one but
my sou ot twenty-one years, who accompanied me from
home."
It is not necessary for me, after the statement
I have made, to assure the Senate that I had no
knowledge that Colonel Marshall was organizing
troops there. I do not know whether he was or
not. If he was, it was certainly unknown to mo.
I neither advised it, coneuried in it, nor had knowl-
edge of it. How, then, is it that I can be made
responsible for it, even if Colonel Marshall in-
tended to do what my colleague charges, which
Marshall himself, however, denies?
My colleague stated to the Senate that the neu-
trality which I and others advocated was not the
neutrality of the Union men of Kentucky. I will
show hereafter from the resolutions of their mass
meetings, their speeches, and from their votes in
the Legislature, that they were for the very neu-
trality I was for. My colleague said that they
had assumed neutrality to divert the attention of
the people; lhat is, that they were not sincere in
it, if I understood him. So far as that neutrality
is concerned, I shall show presently by incon-
testable records that it was inaugurated by the
Union party of Kentucky. After it was inau-
gurated, I and many others, who had no hand in
inaugurating it, assumed it for the purpose of
keeping peace within the borders of Kentucky.
tl my colleague was correct in the announcement
lie made that that policy was adopted with a view
to divert the attention of the people, I assure him
that 1 had no hand in that. Whether those who
first pioclaimed it and who supported it durin^
two or three canvasses in Kentucky were in ean>
est about it, I do not mean to say. I know that
when x cooperated with them for neutrality,! was
honest, I was in earnest, I meant it; and I was
really astounded when my colleague proclaimed
to the country, from his place in the American
senate, that they assumed that position for the
purpose of diverting the public attention; in other
WCft/r '111 order to cheat the people.
My colleague announced, too, that if I had
gone with the Union party, they would have re-
ceived me with open arms. He was kind enough
to tell the Senate that I had very great personal
popularity in Kentucky, and to say that he had
never heard a person speak otherwise than kindly
of me personally. For that, I thank him. I fear
that he does me over-justice in that. But I will
say to my colleague that if I have the great pop-
ularity of which he spoke, I obtained it by act-
ing with strict integrity in all my transactions,
both public and private. As a politician, I never
avowed before the people anything that I did not
honestly believe. I never assumed a political
tenet for the purpose of cheating and deceiving
the people in any way whatever, and I trust and
believe that the honest, the noble, the chivalrous
people of Kentucky, if they esteem me at all, do
so because of my direction, my sincerity, my
truth, my devotion to their interests and to the
interests of my country. They are a brave, hon-
est, and generous people, and if they know that
one of their public servants errs, but errs hon-
estly, they are ready to cover his defects with the
broad mantle of their charity.
It is not often that I have acted oolitically with
my colleague. We were never, that 1 know of,
together, but once. My colleague was a distin-
guished member in the olden time of the Whig
party; he served with distinguished ability for
many years in the other end of the Capitol from
the Ashland district. He cooperated with that
party ably and zealously. I, from my youth up,
was a Democrat, cooperating always with that
party. In the mutations of political parties, the
Know Nothing or the American paity came up,
and my colleague was a distinguished member of
that organization. I was firmly opposed to it.
So, you see my colleague and myself hare ever
been in antagonism politically; but when my col-
league and his party in Kentucky assumed the
grou nd of neutrality, they appealed to the people of
the whole State by resolution and by addresses from
their central committees to get on it, and, in order
to preserve the peace of Kentucky, while I said
lo my private friends that I did not believe they
would maintain their neutrality, if the war should
continue any great length oftinie. I agreed for the
public good to go for it, for I was anxious to avert
this most dire of all calamities, civil war, from
the borders of Kentucky. I did take the ground
of neutrality, and I thought I was then, for once,
with my colleague; but to my utter astonishment
he announced to the Senate yesterday that they
got upon that platform to divert the public atten-
tion, and by some sort of hocus pocus to cheat
and deceive the people. So I find that though my
colleague and myself were together ostensibly, I
was in earnest and he and some of his party were
not. Now, Senators, I do think that a great many
of the Union party in Kentucky were in earnest
about this matter. I distinctly avow here that I
was in earnest, and acted honestly in this whole
matter of neutrality; and I had but one object, but
one purpose, and that was to keep the war out of
the borders of Kentucky, and to allow Kentucky,
who had nothing to do with bringing on this war,
who had been opposed to it, to stand as peace-
maker between the belligerents with the single
view of preserving the Union. That was the
neutrality that I advocated; and in order that the
Senate may see that I do not speak of that kind
of neutrality as being advocated by me here, be-
cause of the pecujiar circumstances by which I
am surrounded, I beg to read a short extract from
a speech I made m response to the honorable
Senatoi fiom New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Kyck,] when
he interrogated me upon this subject of neutrality
at the last session of Congress. My remarks will
be found at page 109 of the Congressional Globe
of the first session Thirty-Seventh Congress:
" The Senator, as I understand bun, asks how the State
oi Kentucky, consistently with her duty to the Constitu-
tion, refused to obey this call."
That was the President's call for troops.
" r Win state to the Senator and to the eountrv the view
that Kentucky took of that question, as far as f am ad-
vised. Kentucky believed that this call for seventv-five
thousand men was not neccssary for the defense of the
capital or of the public property. She believed that the call-
ing forth of such an immense armament was for the pur-
pose of making a war of subjugation on the southern States,
and upon that ground she refused to furnish the regiments
J ^"Tr seS",sbe a little offended at the
neutrality of Kentucky. Sir, Kentucky has assumed a
