5t0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
The Clerk read, as? follows:
• . Just as the dragoons tutned back, a cry was raised tluit
the Black Horse, a formidable body of the rebel cavalry,
(and tiiese were part of them.) were charging upon us. and
it seemed as if the very devil of panic and cowardice seized
" every mortal soldier, officer, citizen, and teamster. No of-
ficer tried to rally the soldiers, or do anything, except to
spring and run to wards OentreviUe. There never was any-
thing like it for causeless, sheer, absolute, absurd coward-
ice, or rather panic, on this miserable eaith before I
."Off they went, one and all j off down the highway, over
across# fields towards the woods,anywhere,everywhere, to
escape. Whether it communicated back to the soldiers
still In the woods, and so on back to the regiments who had
just driven off the rebels, I do not know, but think it did
to a part of them, for a share of our army seems to have
been demoralized, if not broken up.
" Well, the further they ran the more frightened they
grew, and although we moved on as rapidly as we could,
the fugitives passed us by scores. To enable them better
to run, they threw away their blankets, knapsacks, can-
teens, and finally muskets, caitridge-boxes, and everything
else.
"We called to them, tried to tell them there was no
danger, called them to stop, implored them to stand. We
called them cowards, denounced them in the most offens-
ive terms, put out our heavy revolvers, and threatened to
shoot them, but all in vain; a cruel, crazy, mad, hopeless
panic possessed them, and communicated to everybody
about, in front and rear. The teamsters all turned their
heavy wagons, and lashed their horses to a run, and mixed
and mingled with a crowd of running footmen, citizens and
horsemen all raised an obscuring cloud of dust; and tlnn
the dust filled the entire highway (a macadamized turn-
pike) with a heterogeneous mass of flying madmen, intent
upon nothing but to e&capc.
"The heat was awful, although now about six; the men
were exhausted—their mouibs gaped, their lips cracked
and blackened with the powder of the cartridges they had
bitten off in the battle, their eyes starting in frenzy 5 no
mortal ever saw such a mass of ghastly wretches.
"As we came on, borne along with the mass, unable to
go ahead or pause, or draw out uf it, with the street blocked
with flying baggage wagons, before and behind, thundering
and crashing on, wc were every moment exposed to immi-
nent danger ot being upset, or crushed, or of breaking down ;
and for the first time on this strange day 1 felt a Utile bulk-
ing of the heart, and doubt whether we could avoid destruc-
tion in the immense throng about us; and nothing but the
remarkable skill of our driver, and the streugih of our car-
riage and endurance ofour horses saved 11s. Another source
of peril beset us. As we passed the poor demented, ex-
hausted wretches who could not climb into the high, close
baggage-wagons, they made frantic efforts to get on to and
into our carriage. They grasped it everywhere, and got on
to It, into it, over it, and implored us every way to take
them on. We had to be rough with them.' At li^t they
loaded us down to almost a stand s.liil, and we had to pu*h
them off and throw them out. Finally, Brown and I, with
a pistol each, kept them out, although one poor devil got
In in spite of us, and wo lugged the infernal coward two
miles. I finally opened the door, and he was tumbled out."
Mr. COX. Now hear what these brave Con-
gressmen actually did to stay the tide of retreat:
"The other side of Centreville we had overtaken Sen-
ators Wai>e and Chandler,or saw them in the crowd, the
Borgeant-at-Arms ot the Senate, and a M . Eaton, of De-
troit, with whom we were in company much of the way
afterwards.
44 Waoi: planted himself with a cocked i Maynard* In the
attitude of battle, [laughter;] Chandler with a revolver
near him; and we placed ourselves—except Morris—by
them; and all with loud voices commanded one and all to
halt, or have their brains blown out. Our action instantly
checked them. Manvon horseback undertook to dash by,
and we seized the bridle-reins of their horses and compelled
them to stop.
"Seven men staying a crowd maddened and desperate
with fear; Wade linn and bold as an old lion ; Chandmor
frantically excited, and the rest of our band struggling, com-
manding, entreating, and thieatening. As forme, Iacild
just as you know I would when thoroughly roused,
[laughter,] earing for nothing and nobody, and determined,
as we all were, that the men should t top there."
Mr. GURLEY. I wish to ask my colleague-—
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentlemen yield
to his colleague ?
Mr. COX. 1 do not mean to convey the. im-
pression that my colleague wrote it. It is a scrap
of history, written by a Republican Congressman.
Mr. GURLEY. I desire to say that I am not
the author of it.
Mr. COX. Ruttoth e accountgiven in this let-
ter. It is this Wade, "firm and bold," whom my
colleague eulogized as so "brave," and who was
heralded in the New York Tribune as likely to
succeed the sick and dying McClellan a few weeks
since—who was urged by certain parties for the
}5osl now held by Mr. Stanton, and whose reelec-
tion to the Senate is so much desired now by a
faction at home, and who is lugged into this de-
bate to be glorified here that he may shine at home.
It is this Wade, with the aid of Chandler, who
"cocked his Maynard in the attitude of battle,"
[laughter,] and helped, with the "callsto order"
from the other Congressmen, to stay the maddened
crowd of fugitives. The people, who have been
under the impression that the crowd never stopped
till they got into Washington, will be now grati-
fied to learn that the Congressmen won the Bull
Run battle against our own. soldiers. [Laugh-
ter.]
I refer to this precious bit of history to show
how Congressmen fit themselves for military crit-
icism. # t
My colleague yesterday said he was at Bull Run,
and made as good a retreat as Sigel. He was
asked then about tjie battle of Fredericktown, in
which he said he was present.
Mr. GURLEY. I did not say I was present at
that battle.
Mr. COX. Very well. He showed in answer
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,]
whose brave brother-in-law fought that fight, that
he knew nothing about it. My colleague said
he preferred not to go into " details." I wanted
the details, sir. I needed them to estimate the
military experience of my colleague. If his part
has been as inglorious there as it was at Bull Run,
I submit that I must be careful how I take his
conclusions about McClellan.
There will be, Mr. Chairman, empyrics in med-
icine, pretenders in religion, pettifoggers in law,
mushrooms in vegetation, secessionists in Govern-
ment, snobs in society, and we must not be sur-
prised at military wiseacres in Congress! [Laugh-
ter.] Since my colleague has hurled the glove at
McClellan,I havea right to examine hisclaims as
acritic. He admits to being at Bull Run. Hismas-
tcrly activity on the retreat he admits. How that
retreat was effected I only know from rumor. I
have seen it reported—and perhaps it is as apoch-
ryphal as some of the facts upon which my col-
league arraigns General McClellan—that my col-
league, after his fatiguing race to Centreville,and
having passed that point with the speed of Gilpin
—and not having the benefit of a carriage like the
Congressmen who kicked out of it the cowardly
and tired soldiers besmutched with their cartridges
in battle—was careering along like the devil
[laughter] in Milton, where he is described as
flying
O'er bog, or steep, through strait, rough, dense, or rare.
With head, hands, wings, or feet pursues his way,
And swims, 01 sinks, or wades, or creeps, or flies"—
until luckily, he met—whatthink you,noble Rep-
resentatives?—a herd of stampeded cattle, who
were from my own beloved district—Texas cattle,
sir, wintered m the Sciota valley, and selected
by their keeper for their stampeding propensity,
[laughter;] when, seizing upon the extreme rear
of a noble ox, he was borne from the field, hold-
ing on with vigorous prehension to the tail of the
animal! [Great laughter.]
Mr. GURLEY. That is a poetical sketch of
my colleague. It is a thing that never took place.
Mr. COX. I am glad to hear it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. It is out of order for members of the House
to applaud, cheer, or laugh in the manner they
have been doing, [laughter,] and I submit 
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman make that point
on me? I have not applauded,cheered, or laughed.
Mr. EDGERTON. l'submit that order should
be preserved on the floor of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is well
taken.
Mr. EDGERTON. I hope the Chair will en-
force the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is satisfied that
when gentlemen consider the impropriety of any
disturbance, it will not occur again.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I acknowledge a violation
of order. I laughed; but for my life's sake I could
not help it. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I will do justice to my colleague,
[Mr. Gurley.] I put this as an apocryphal case,
which I heard as a tumor. I am glad to do jus-
tice to him,and to that noble ox, my constituent,
and to whom the gentleman should have apolo-
gized, if the story were true.
I was about to commend this strategy of my
colleague; for his quick sense of its commissary
advantages. I deprecate his drawing on that or
any experience at Bull Run to read the gifted Mc-
Clellan and this Congress a homily on military
affairs. The ancient warriors rode in their scythed
chariots; the warriors on the South American pam-
pas dash off with their lasso on horseback; the
ancient Germans went ipto battle as our Indians
do with terrific yells, and in painted horroi; the
courtly knightdashed into tlu- tourney with iron-
clad armor and vizor down. Various as human
ingenuity are the modes of human warfare, both
in advance and retreat; but never* sir, in the ac-
counts of Xenophon or Marshal Saxe; from the
time of Joshua to General Taylor; in the contests
of Achilles or Gaiibaldi, have wc so unique a per-
formance as this suppositious race of my constit-
uent and my colleague on the fields from Bull Run.
[Laughter.] Docs he claim that this, if true, would
make him a military expert?
But my colleague was undaunted. As soon
as Bull Run was over, and Congress adjourned,
the telegraph thrilled both in wire and pole to
bear the tidings West, that " Colonel Gurley, of
Ohio," was about to assume the post of aid to
General Fremont. Fremont was then in the as-
cendant. Before him lay what seemed to be the
enchanted chambers of power. He had the magic
lamp, which made gold as common as the pebbles,
and my colleague hastened to his side. Some men
smiled. They thought it strange that a minister
should forget the beatitudes of the Sermon on the
Mount for the disquietudes of a Missouri camp.
[Laughter.] They thought that the affluent expe-
rience of Bull Run was not of that kind to excite
confidence in the new field of Mars to which the
patriotism of my colleague hurried him. Butl,sir,
knew my colleague better. I admired his patriot-
ism. IthoughtofPeterthe Hermit. [Laughter.] I
saw in his hand the crozierand thesword, and Bull
Run did not obscure the sign in the sky—in hoc
signo vinces ! I had read in Ivanhoe of the priestly
Knight of Malta; and I knew that this new " son
of Malta" [laughter] could carve out such a rep-
utation that the muse of history would proudly
stoop from her Parnassian seat to say: " Let it be so
recorded." [Laughter.] But, sir, disappointment
followed close on expectation. A week—perhaps
two, or three—and Fremont lost his magic lamp.
He waned under the consuming lens of " Blair's
rhetoric." [Laughter.] His ill-starred fate was
perceived by my colleague.
At this critical juncture the only parallel I can
find for my colleague is the description which is
given of Job's war horse: " Canst thou make him
afraid as a grasshopper? The glory of his nos-
trils is terrible. He paweth in the valley, and re-
joiceth in his strength. Heswalloweth the ground
with fierceness and rage; neither believeth he that
it is the sound of the trumpet. He saith among
the trumpets, ha ! ha! and he smelleth the battle afar
off." [Great laughter.] The parallel fails only
in one regard. While the war horse of Job was
advancing, that of my colleague was retreating.
Leaving his campaign in Missouri unfinished,he
flew from Fremont to Ohio, with the " certainty,
celerity, and security" of a star bid in the Post
Office Department. [Laughter.]
What he learned m his bloodless campaign in
Missouri; how much he perceived of the value of
the fortifications around St. Louis — in cash, I
mean; what estimate he made of the strength of
the Fremont horse; what martial achievements
he witnessed in the ante-chamber of the short-
lived western satrap, he did not, and wc cannot,
tell. One thing he corrects to-day, and we must
deduct that from his military life, that he was not
at the battle of Fredericktown, though I under-
stood him yesterday to say he was there. But
has my colleague any actual experience? Has he
ever killed any one? Did he ever see a man killed
in battle ? Dvd he ever speak to a man who saw
a man killed in battle ? Did he ever hear the whiz
of deadly lead ? Was his heart brave and his face
unblanched? My colleague quoted that fight to
show that a battle could be fought and won with-
out McClellan's orders, and in spite of orders.
That was his point, if any. Now, I happen to
know that there was nothing in General McClel-
lan's orders to forbid that movement on Freder-
icktown. As I understood the case, it was fought
by Colonel Ross, who was sent by General Grant,
of Cairo, to follow after Jeff Thompson. He
overtook him unexpectedly, and fought well.
General Grant approved and complimented his
action.
I wish that my colleague would cultivate some
faith in General McClellan. He is a minister of
the Gospel, and is full of faith in the salvation of all
men. i glory in according to him the fullestu soul
liberty" in religion. His creed includes the salva-
tion of all—emhiacing in its comprehensive faith
Jeff Davis, Jeff Thompson, Wigfali, and all that
crowdofconspicuoussinners. [Laughter.] Heb'e-
lieves that Zollicoffor is now in glory; he can even
see Humphrey Marshall entering,as my colleague
