1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
3Yth Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
position of neutrality, and I only hope that she inayJ e able
to mam tain it. She has assumed that position because there
is no impulse of her patiiouc heart that de ne& her to lm-
hi uo her hands in a brother's blood, whether he bo from the
North or the South. Kentucky looks upon this war as
wicked, unrighteous, and unnecessary. Kentucky believes
that this war, if cairied out, can result in nothing else than a
final disruption of this confederacy. She hopes, she wishes,
she pi ays that this Union may be maintained. She believes
that cannot be done by force of arms; that it must be done
by compromise and conciliation, if it can be done at all;
and hence, being devoted truly to' the Union, she desires to
stay this war, and desires measures of peacc to be presented
for the adjustment of our difficulties.
"That is the neutrality of Kentucky, and that I under-
stand to be the reason why she assumes to be neutial. It
is the first time in the history of that proud Commonwealth
that she ever failed to i espond to the call upon the country
for volunteers; she never was called upon to fight a public
and foreign enemy that her tiue and gallant sons did not
rush to the Mandaid of the country in numbers M)gi eat Unit
many had to bo tinned back. In other wars, in the vvai of
1812, and the war with Mexico, twenty times more men
than could be taken were presented; and she would be
ready to do it, again, if it were a war against a foreign enemy;
buUhe has no de*ne to shed the blood of a brother, whether
of the North or South. I think her position is one that
should be admired and esteemed by all patriotic men, by
all Christian men. by all men who love their country and
love the Union.
" She stands in an attitude, if possible, of a peacemaker,
between the belligerents North and South, and I hope she
may be permitted to maintain .that attitude. It was one
not taken out of any hostility to the Government; she took
it because she believed it was the only means possible by
which those dtfticulties could be averted, our couutry saved,
the Union restored, and our people once more made pros-
perous, contented, and happy.
" 1 am awaie that the position of my State is not palata-
ble to gentlemen who rush fieicely on to this wai. I am
aware also that peisons in the extreme South, poihaps, aie
not satisfied with the condition of Kentucky. They think
we ought to unsheathe our sword at once, and make com-
mon quarrel with them. We have chosen to act differently,
and we will, with the blessing of God, maintain our posi-
tion of neutrality. This immense annamont called out by
the President looked to in ?is if this wine to be :i war of
subjugation, and not one in defense of the public property.
For that, in addition to the other loasons I have stated, we
wished to piobent, if possible, a barn or between the fierce
conflicting elements North and South, and lestore peace
to this country.5'
That was the neutrality of which I was the
advocate, and I thought that the whole people of
Kentucky who assumed it were alike honest with
myself. I knew the position was somewhat anom-
alous, and 1 told some of my Union friends that
I feared we should not be able to maintain it; but
I said to them, "as you have taken it, for the
peacc of the State, for the common good, I will
cooperate with you." I did cooperate and went
not a whit further than the Union party went, as
I will show you, though my colleague seems now
to think, indeed declares, that they were not in
earnest but were fixingup some clap-trap to cheat
The people. If so, they deluded me on their plat-
form, and because I went upon it and advocated
it, as I always advocate everything, in public or
private life, honestly, they want to sacrifice mu.
That is the truth, and I will make it manifest here.
That is the only time I ever thought I wasacting
politically with my colleague; and it seems I was
utterly mistaken in that; that I have been made the
dupe, that I have been deceived by the artifice, in-
sincerity, and political juggling of my colleague
and those with whom he acted.
If my colleague wishes the extensive popularity
which he imputes to me—a popularity I do not
claim to have—I will say, that if he will act as I
have acted in this and all other matters, consist-
ently, with integrity, with honest directness, the
noble people of Kentucky will sustain him. If I
have any popularity, I got it in that way. I never,
never attempted to deceive them in anything. 1
do not claim the popularity that my colleague im-
putes to me; but if I have it, it is because I have
been true and faithful to the people, uttered my
convictions honestly, without fear and without
favor, 1 have announced them and carried them
out as far as I could, consistently with public duty
and public interest.
My colleague pronounced his usual philippic
against the Breckinridge Democracy. Becausc
Breckinridge has gone with the southern confed-
eracy he seems to think that he can overwhelm
any opponent by announcing that he has been of
that party. I saw no necessity for his thrice-
uttered philippic here against the Breckinridge
party. It is true, Senators, that in my State,and
perhaps in other States, many of those who sup-
ported Major Breckinridge for the Presidency are
in the southern confederacy. It is also uue that
many who cooperated with my colleague and sup-
ported John Bell are there. I do not suppose my
colleague is responsible because John Bell is in
the confederate cause. He certainly should not
make me responsible because Breckinridge is on
thatside, unless he takes the responsibility to him-
self because Bell is there. Breckinridge went
there; I did not. Bell went; my colleague did
not. What is the logic of that rule ? I know that
some of the most distinguished men of both the
Douglas and the Bell party in Kentucky are with
that confederation. The gentleman singled out a
few Breckinridge men in the Legislature, upon
whom he pronounced a glowing eulogy. I sup-
pose they voted for him for Senator. I know those
members of the Legislature to whom my colleague
referred. They are honorable, worthy, and tal-
ented gentlemen. Why, sir, a distinguished gen-
tleman, who pronounced himself a little while
before that an unconditional Union man, in the
gentleman's own neighborhood, Colonel Hanson,
one of the most distinguished of the Bell men, by
the by, a gentleman of ability and of talents and
courage, was, unfortunately for himself, captured
at the head of his regiment at Fort Donelson.
Then there was another distinguished Union Bell
friend, one of his electors, who is now a member
of the confederate congress, Colonel Crockett,
another gentleman of ability and valor from the
town in which I myself live. Is my colleague
responsible for these things? Certainly not. Why
then, does he attempt to attach responsibility to
me becausc of the action of the Breckinridge De-
mocracy. That is all bosh, fustian-stuff. There
is nothing in it. In these times it is as much as
a man can do to take care of himself.
My colleague told the Senate, too, that my as-
sociates and myself are responsible for the devas-
tation of a large portion of Kentucky. I was
amazed when my colleague made that announce-
ment. How I could be responsible, when from the
beginning, as the Senate know, 1 have been for
peace? I have been opposed to the war,nnd for that
offense my colleague wishes me expelled from the
Senate; for that is the charge, that 1 have been op-
posed to coercion. In every act of my life, in this
whole connection, I have opposed the war, and
striven in Kentucky, in mass meetings and other-
wise, to keep the peace—to keep the hostile armies
of the confederate Suites and of the United States
from our borders. Then, how could I be respons-
ible? I was really amazed. I could not tell; I did
not know by what logic or what deduction of rea-
soning my colleague could make me responsible
for the invasion of Kentucky. I can tell my col-
league that when the passions of the day shall
have subsided and reason shall have resumed its
throne, and this whole atfair shall be calmly in-
vestigated, the responsibility for the invasion of
Kentucky will attach to others than myself. It
will attach to those who got on this neutrality
platform for the purpose of diverting the attention
of the people, who were not in earnest about if,
and who then went about organizing camps of
FederalsoIdiersatCamp Dick Robinson and other
places. In my judgment, the responsibility for
this war in Kentucky attaches to them. 1 will
not charge it upon anybody; but I know that I
had nothing to do with it, for I was opposed from
the beginning to the war being brought into Ken-
tucky. I tried to avert it. I tried in my place in
the Senate, as I shall presently show, to settle
these difficulties by conciliation, by compromise.
I failed. I then assumed neutrality along with the
Senator's party. That was overthrown against
my earnest protest, and how he can possibly make
me responsible for the introduction of hostile
troops into Kentucky, I am at a loss to know. I
know that I am in no way responsible for it; and
I do not fear to meet the people of Kentucky to
discuss before them the whole matter.
My colleague, in commenting on one of the
resolutions of that little county meeting in Hen-
derson , made a singular announcement; but it was
only singular in view of what I had known to be
the political history of my colleague. The state-
ment to which I allude was, that he had always
been an unconditional Union man. I have hpre
the proceedings of a meeting at which my col-
league was present, that I will read to the Senate,
and 1 will lead some of the resolutions of the meet-
ing, and then I will ask the Senate how the reso-
lutions reported by colleague as chairman of
the committee, and which it was said were passed
unanimously by a large mass meeting, comport
with his declaration that he has always been an
unconditional Union man. I allude to resolutions
adopted by the Union State conventions held in
Louisville, on the 8th of January, 1861. I take
them up at this time, because I wish to place be-
fore the Senate in a consecutive manner the action
of the Union party on the neutrality question.
That action of course commenced after the Presi-
dent issued his proclamation for seventy-five thou-
sand men on the 15th of April; but as these con-
ventions were anterior to that time, I allude to
them now. I wish to show where my colleague
and the Union men of Kentucky then stood. I
was at that time in the Senate Chamber, fighting
for the Crittenden compromise, as the Senate
know, and was exerting every effort I possibly
could to have it passed, and to have our difficul-
ties settled amicably, peaceably, without war, in
order to avoid bloodshed and the final disruption
of the Union:
"The following resolutions were reported to the Unfon
Democratic State convention by a committee composed of
the following gentlemen; Governor Dixon"—
Now a distinguished Union man, my intimate,
personal friend, once a member of the Senate,
who lives in the same village in which I reside—
" William G. Thompson, Judge ftarbee, J. P. Barbour, Al-
exander Luske, John Jackson, V. B. Young, T. L. Jones,
J. F. Bullitt"—
Now one of our supreme judges—
" And to the Union .State convention by the following com-
mittee : lion. Gauett Davis, Hon. Joshua F. Bell"—
The gentleman who my colleague said, if he had
been elected Governor would have given troops—
>' J. L. Shackleford, John W. Uiockctt"—
A gentleman who is now in the confederate con-
gress—
u W. Ij. Underwood, Z. Wheat, Thomas W. Kiley, William
C. Goodloe, Orlando Brown, J. B. Huston, and James
Tayloi."
The Senate will notice in this committee some
of the most distinguished gentlemen in Kentucky.
Joshua F. Bell is an ex-member of Congress, and
was the late candidate of the gentleman's party
for Governor. Warner L. Underwood was re-
cently a member of the other House. Z. Wheat
is an ex-judge of our supreme court. Thomas W.
Riley is a distinguished attorney. William C.
Goodloe is at present one of the circuit judges of
Kentucky. Orlando Brown is the late secretary
of state and a distinguished politician. J. B.
Huston is now one of the most distinguished
Union men in the Kentucky Legislature.
The Senate may think it strange that there were
two committees there, but I will explain that,
The Douglas men and the Bell men both had con-
ventions in the city of Louisville on the same day;
they met in different halls; but they agreed through
the instrumentality of committees upon the same
resolutions; and hence it is said " they were re-
ported to their respective conventions by the sep-
arate committees, and unanimously adopted."
These resolutions go on to treat generally of our
difficulties, of the aggressions of the North, and
expressed very great devotion to the Union. They
then copy the entire Crittenden amendments to the
Constitution, and proceed to resolve as follows:
"Resolved, That wc recommcnd to the Legislature of the
State to put these amendments in iorm and submit them to
the other States, and that if the disorganization of the pres-
ent Union is not arrested, (he Stat^ a^teemg to these
amendment1? of the federal Constitution «hall foim a *<'p-
arato confederacy, with power to admit new States under
oui glouous Constitution thus amended ,}
Senators, you sec that my colleague, as chair-
man of a committee composed of the most dis-
tinguished citizens of the State, reported a reso-
lution as early ns the 8th of January, 1861, in
which they say that if the States do not take the
Crittenden compromise, and the disorganization
of the Union is not arrested, they recommend to
the Kentucky Legislature, which was then in
session or about to convene, to put it in form and
submit it to the States, and that such States as
adopted it should form a separate confederacy,
with power to admit new States. That is theun-
conditional unionism of my colleague. Certainly
he has shown nothing that I have ever had any-
thing to do with, so direct as that.
While I produce this resolution here, and show
