1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrEOBE. .
will insure your property at our present rates, de-
ducting the ux," in order to obtain the business,
and all the companies will be obliged to do it, so
that the burden will rest on them. I do not think
it makes much difference where the burden falls,
provided the rate is unreasonable. I say it is too
high. The amount which they are willing to pay
is one per cent.; that they will cheerfully pay,
although I think it is a high rate, and thatamount
as I have already shown raises a large sum, and
it is as much as the Senate ought to require from
that one interest.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask a question
in relation to the Hartford companies. There is
the Etna and another large one, two great compa-
nies there. I ask the gentleman what the stocks
of those companies, that cost §100 a share, are
worth now?
Mr. DIXON. I will inform the Senator. I have
the list here. There are in Hartford nine compa-
nies; two of those companies are very profitable;
the Etna company's stock is now quoted at §160
per share.
Mr. COLLAMER. How much have the div-
idends been ?
Mr. DIXON. I have stated that the dividends
averaging the last fifty years have been at the rate
of seven per cent., as I am informed; but 1 can
tell the Senate that for nearly twenty years there
were no dividends,"and since my recollection the
stock has been given away. I have myself had
it offered to me. For a period of twenty years
there was not a dollar of dividend.
Mr. COLLAMER. How much was actually
paid in on the $100?
Mr. DIXON. I stated a few days ago, and I
will state again, that that company is an excep-
tion to the general rule. It has been extremely for-
tunate. It began with a capital of only §150,000,
and its capital now is §1,500,000, which has been
mostly made by profits. It has, it is true, en-
riched its original proprietors. I do not know of
one other company in the United States, out of
some three or four hundred, which has had any
such experience. That company is now doing an
immense business, and can bear this tax; and 1 will
say further to the Senate, that that is not a com-
pany which has interfered here in this matter; it
iias addressed nobody, so far as I know; it is the
smaller, the minor, the weak companies that have
complained.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has there not been an-
other company formed m Hartford since the Etna,
and in operation now, which has gone on at about
the same rate?
Mr. DIXON. There is one other which has
been very fortunate, though it has not gone on at
the same rate—the Old Hartford. Its capital is
about five hundred thousand dollars, and that is
nearly all made up of profits. I will state in op-
position to that the case of the Protection com-
pany, which began with the Etna, with a capital
of $300,000, the whole of which was lost.
Mr. COLLAMER. How much was actually
paid in on the share in the Etna company?
Mr. DIXON. I suppose in the origin about
ten dollais a share. 1 believe that was the fact;
I so stated the other day. I say that is an ex-
ception; it has been extremely fortunate; but look
at this other list, if the Senator will give me his
attention a moment. Here are seven other com-
panies in Hartford, with capitals of §200,000,
every dollar of which has been paid in by the
stockholders. The Legislature of Connecticut
for the last ten years, in chartering an insurance
company, has required them to pay up the whole
amount of their stock. You cannot now start an
insurance company in Connecticut or anywhere
else, with any idea of obtaining any business,
without paying up the whole amount of your
capital. The laws of the several States require
it; they will not allow agencies from companies
which do not. There are now seven companies
in Hartford, the stock of every one of which is
below par, struggling to do business, struggling
for an existence. By their returns "for the last
year, and I think for two years past, they have
paid out more than their receipts, in losses and
expenses. These are the companies which say
to you that they think they ought not to be taxed
more than one per cent., and the case of these
groat, rich corporations is brought up in opposi-
tion. It is a matter of indifference to them. I am
not sure but that the Etna company would prefer
it; at any rate, I think it is for their interest thata
heavy taxshould be laid on thesmall«ompanies,to
break them down. They are independentandpow-
erful, and a great, powerful corporation, as the
Etna is, with a million and a half of capital, and
assets amounting to nearly two millions, can bear
this tax; but here are in that same city seven com-
paratively feeble companies, their capital is all
paid in and safely invested, but they are doing
business under low rates, at rates which do not
pay, their returns show it; the price of their stock
shows it; the price of the stock, as I have said,
varies from fifty to ninety, and the returns show
that they have paid out more in losses than re-
ceipts. These are the companies in whose behalf
I appear. I ask the Senate whether it is right to
place on the whole insurance interestof the United
States a tax of three per cent, on their gross re-
ceipts, because one or two giant companies have
made immense sums of money? That is all I
have to say on the subject.
Mr. GRIMES. The argument of the Senator
from Connecticutis based principally on theground
that insuring is a very hazardous and unprofitable
business. Well, it is very hazardous; there is no
doubt about that; but it is not a bit more hazard-
ous or unprofitable than selling goods, or manu-
facturing. Ifl remember rightly, I sawitstated in
Hunt's Merchants' Magazine some years ago that
ninety-threeoutofevery one hundred men who em-
barked in business as merchants, at some time or
other failed, and I think I have seen it stated else-
where at a larger proportion; that even as high as
ninety-seven out of every one hundred men who
embarked in business at some period of their lives
failed, and that the same rule applied to manufac-
turers. Now, the same argument of the Senator
from Connecticut, which would exempt these in-
surance companies from being taxed three per
cent, upon their sales—for this is a sale; it is a
sale of a policy of insurance—would cause the
Senate to exempt every manufacturer in the coun-
try, and every merchant in the country, because
he is engaged in a hazardous business. 1 would
like that Senator or somebody else to show me
the distinction between the two cases. If we are
going to pass this bill and retain die taxation oil
manufacturers and merchants, with what reason
is it that we are asked to strike out this tax upon
insurance companies-'
Mr. DIXON. One word in reply to the Sen-
ator from Iowa. In the first place, as to this being
a tax on the companies, the Senator takes the
ground that the tax is not paid by the companies,
I suppose; that is the ground which he took in
regard to manufacturers.
"Mr. GRIMES. It is paid by the company or
the manufacturer, equally in each case. I know
that finally the greater portion of it falls on the
consumer.
Mr. DIXON. If the merchant who pays a
premium to have his property insured, has to
pay an additional rate in consequence of this tax,
the tax falls upon him, and not upon the com-
pany.
Mr. GRIMES. The two cases, I take it, stand
exactly alike. It may be that a part of the charge
imposed oil the merchant and on the manufac-
turer comes out of the customer, as I have said,
and so a part of this will come out of the insured;
but in the first place it is paid by the company.
Mr. DIXON. I do not wish to follow up that
argument. 1 will barely dwell on another point,
and then I shall npt detain the Senate further.
The Senator speaks of this being a profitable busi-
ness. A hazardous business must be profitable
in certain cases. Gambling is hazardous, and
sometimes there are great profits. The fact that
this is a hazardous business makes it profitable to
some companies. If a hundred companies start
at once, the very fact of the hazard of the busi-
ness will pile up money in the coffers of some of
the companies, while perhaps most of them will
be beggared. That has been the experience of
these companies. One or two have made im-
mense sums of money and enriched their pro-
prietors, while the others have failed.
The Senator speaks of my desire that they should
be exempted from taxation. I ask no such thing;
I ask that they shall be properly taxed; that a rate
of taxation reasonable and just shall be fixed upon
them. The rate proposed here is three per cent,
on the gross receipts, which, as I have said, takes
from a single interest in a single town, $1.20,000
per annum. I say to tfte'Senate that one per cent.,
which will take §40,000 from that interest inlhat
town, is a high tax. I do not ask that they shall
be exempted from taxation. Consider for a,single'
moment what the sum is on which.- you fix.-Uie
tax. Everybody knows that the larger the sum
on which a commission is paid, the lessfgehirally
the commission is. Here is a vastsum o.ri which
you impose this tax—their receipts for.premiurns.
One per cent, on that is a very large sum of rnon'ey:
Three per cent, may seem small as a tax:, but
when it is laid on an immense sum, it amounts to
a very great aggregate. The insurance companies
of this country receive an immense amount- of
premiums; their receipts in gross are enormous;
and it is upon those gross receipts that you pro-
pose to tax them. Their outlays also are enor-
mous; as I have shown you, in many years, the
whole amount of receipts is paid out, and still
you propose to tax them upon those receipts.
Now, I say, having adopted this enormous basis
of taxation, the amount of their gross receipts,
one per cent, upon that is sufficient as a tax. If
you go as high as three per cent., in myjudgment
you actually endanger the safety of these compa-
nies. Many of them will be crippled by it. They
are now insuring at as low a rate as they can af-
ford under the great competition in the business.
If you take three dollars out of every hundred
they now receive, in addition to all their otherex-
penses, you will put on them a burden which f
think they ought not to be expected to bear.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This matter in regard to
fire insurance companies was very fully argued
the other day, and the Senate by a very decisive
vote decided to retain the whole clause.
Mr. SUMNER. There was no division.
Mr. DIXON. I stated expressly that I would
not call for a division, but would w^it until we
came into the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be; but I
thought the matter was very well settled. There
is a difference between the two classes of insur-
ance to which I wish to call the attention of the
Senate. In the House bill the tax put upon fire
insurance companies was ten cents on $100.
Mr. SUMMONS. On the policy.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was ten cents for the $100
on the amount insured.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And then,there was a tax
on. the policy itself. At the same time that they
put that tax on fire insurance companies, they
provided for a tax of but one percent, on the gross
receipts of marine insurance companies. The Com-
mittee on Finance came to the conclusion that the
House of Representatives had made a mistake;
that they had made too great a difference between
the two species of insurance; and we had the mat-
ter very fully investigated before us. The fire in-
surance companies came largely represented. They
called a public meeting in New York of the repre-
sentatives of fire insurance companies all around,
and delegates came here and-appeared before our
committee, and there the matter was talked over.
When we told them that we had concluded to
change the whole thing, and put only three per
cent, upon them, they seemed to be exceedingly
well satisfied. They said that was what they had
come on for. They thought it was rather higher
than it ought to be, but that was what they came
for, and they went away apparently very much
satisfied; and it was not until after the Troy fire,
where they had very heavy losses which injured
some of the companies very much, that we heard
anything more with reference to changing it from
three percent. They then said someofthecompa-
nies had paid a large portion of their capital, and it
had come hard on them. Undoubtedly it will be
so for a year or two. We made a pretty great re-
duction in bringing the tax down to three per cent.,
and did not dream at that time that we shpuld ever
hear a word more from the fire insurance compa-
nies on the'subjeet. With regard, however, to
the marine insurance companies, there has been
a protest from the beginning. It has been con-
tended that the marine companies stood on a dif-
ferent footing; and the Committee of Ways and
Means of the other House originally put one per
cent, upon their receipts. It was so fixed upon
several considerations. I cannot better express it
than by reading a letter that I have received from
a gentleman who came on here recently as their
agent. They have protested all the time that the
business of marine insurance would be ruined if
