1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-571
from Cleveland once said of John Brown—" the
pearly gates of Paradise"—and that too without
the enlargement of the gate.-? or the lessening of
Marshall's bulk. He can, with his eye of faith,
and in his universal benevolence, see the Fal-
staffian Kentuekian, this mountain of secession
mummy, squeeze through th«e celestial doors,
[laughter,] and larding the golden pavements of
the New Jerusalem, [laughter;] but he cannot ex-
ercise a little faith, just the size of a mustard seed,
in the prescience, skill, and sagacity of our ac-
complished young general.
Oh! if there is one thing more beautiful than
another, itis that trust which we repose in another
in dark hours of trial and death. It is said that
reason was the first-born, but faith inherits the
blessing. Reason is apt to be fallible, short-sighted,
pager, impetuous, and impatient of contradiction;
■while faith is gentle and docile, ever ready to listen
to the voice, by which alone truth and wisdom can
effectually reach her. God has created two lights
■—the greater light to rule the busy day—reason;
the lesser, to rule his contemplative night—faith;
but faith shines only so long as she reflects some-
thingoftheillummation of the brighterorb. Where
a man has no faith he has no light of reason.
There are some things in which a man must
exercise his trust. The American people, unlike
my colleague, have read the history of General
McClellan. They know his military studies, his
travel and observation, his practical railroad life,
his mode of dealing with men and bodies of men,
his prudential reserve, his unfailing patience,
patriotism, and confidence in his own resources.
They know that the enemy would have been glad
to have had him at the head of their forces. They
know that he has never blundered; that he is safe,
if not brilliant; that his power to surprise and com-
bine are rare qualities of his military genius; that
his knowledge of topography, engineering, and
field strategy, his method and industry, and his
quick apprehension of military strength and weak- j
ness, eminently fit him for this high command, i
Knowing this and reasoning upon this, now that '
the night is upon us, they will keep their faith in
him, and no hostile criticism of the gentleman here
can shake that faith. The attack of my colleague
is like that of the " pigmy with a straw against a
giant cased in adamant."
My colleague is not satisfied with anything short
of an advance at every hazard. He is not satis-
fied with the President, for he defers to McClel-
lan; not satisfied with any commander-in-chief,
for no one can command even three hundred thou-
sand men; not satisfied with what has been done;
not satisfied with what is to be done. He would
discourage all oureifoi ts,and make taxation weigh
like a useless burden on an anxious and saddened
people. His policy would disorganize the Army,
and realize his theology by making a hell on earth
[laughter] without giving us the satisfaction of a
future state, where secession may have its fit eter-
nal doom. [Laughter.]
So much for the critic. Now what is the crit-
icism ?
First: he carries us to Missouri, and says that
General Curtis was sent with some ten thousand
men against Price, when there was almost a cer-
tainty of Price's capture, when all at once an order
came from a general officer, either^there or here,
which called a halt, and nothing was done. Now,
either my colleague meant that General McClel-
lan or General Halleck, by their hesitation and
delay, have allowed the campaign against Price
to be suspended, if not abandoned. 1 do not care
which general he meant; it is simply not true
that either of them have been thus derelict The
facts are these: Generals Cut lis, Sigel, and Asboth
have been ordered toward Springfield to attack
Price, if it was thought best m their judgment.
They sent forward a large cavalry reconnoissance,
and found that indefatigable and able General
Price m such force that they concluded to hold a
council of war, and decided that sis additional
regiments were needed. On notifying General !
Halleck, he at once ordered them from General 1
Pope's command, near Sedalia, to move to the
scene of operations. General Halleek's opinion,
in a letter received by Geneial McClellan only two
days ago, was that they would cither beat Price
or drive him out of Missouri. Perhaps my col-
league never got as far as Springfield, and he does
not know the almost matchless strategy of Price.
He has ventured to appear in force in southwest-
ern Missouri; but he takes care to be within con-
venient leach of ihe Boston mountains, where he
can hide in that almost inaccessible locality, and
. where it is easier for him to go than our generals
to follow. But it is utterly unjust to General
McClellan to say that he has restrained the eager
impetuosity of the Missouri soldiers. General
Halleck has received no orders inconsistent with
the most prompt movement in Missouri. When,
General Halleck took command of the Army in'
Missouri, he found mountains of difficulty to over-
come—as Buell did in Kentucky, as McClellan
did here—in the organization and equipment of the
troops. General llalleck found, it is true, a fine
paper organization. He has labored with a states-
man's foresight, a publicist's learning, and a sol-
dier's skill to bring order out of chaos. He found
troops without concentration, and required arms,
transportation, and supplies, which General Mc-
Clellan has strained every nerve to afford. There
has been no delay by any orders of General Mc-
Clellan. His orders to Halleck, as to Buell, have
been to hurry his movements as fast as it was safe
and possible. I state these as the positive facts
of the ease; and if gentlemen want the facts, let
them go to the headquarters and they can have
them.
Again, my colleague makes the specific charge
that he is informed, on authority which he is not
permitted to question—and I suppose to quote—
that some ten or fifteen thousand confederate
troops, near Romney, were in the power of our
army of forty thousand, and that the capture so
easy was not made, because an order came from
headquarters here not to advance! This is a charge
as sweeping as it is irresponsible and groundless.
I do not care who is his authority, I question it
here, and now. My colleague reads certain tele-
graphs which have strangely come into his pos-
session, to show that Lander and Kelly dispatched
that they could take the rebels, and all that was
wanted was an order; and presto! here they are
We have had a good many such successes m an-
ticipation. 1 believe we had one at Piketon. It
is said that General Lander telegraphed and Gen-
eral Kelly sent a messenger to apprize each other
of the absolute certainty of success. General Lan-
der I admire for his caution and intrepidity; but
I will state the facts to which J suppose my col-
league refers. I state them correctly. General
Lander went to relieve General IOlly at Rom-
ney—Kelly being sick. He readied Hancock on
the 5th of January. He found the enemy, under
General Jackson, on the other side ot the river,
m considerable stiength—say-fifteen or sixteen
thousand. The enemy had diiven a few of our
troops across the river. When Geneial Lander
reached his post, the enemy were shelling, or about
to shell, Hancock. General Jackson summoned
General Lander to surrender. Lander declined.
Jackson .shelled away at Hancock without effect.
Lander sent for reinforcements. General McClel-
lan sen tone of Banks's brigades, by forced marches
at once. While there, General Lander sent two
or three long dispatches,suggestingvarious move-
ments to cut off Jackson. General Jackson had a
shorter distance to return to Winchester than Gen-
eral Banks had to march to cut ojf Jackson's retreat,
besides the river, which it would take forty-eight
hours to cross, as they had no means of crossing.
General McClellan refused to trust a command to
cross the river under these circumstances, with no
chance of retreat provided. General Lander then
sent another dispatch to General Banks, criticis-
ing the President, General Banks, and others; to
which McClellan replied that General Lander was
" tuo suggestive and ciitical." I think here is the
rub: McClellan had seen enough of the Ball'sBluff
business—that affair which I do not refer to ex-
cept to say that no one attaches the responsibility
to General McClellan for that terrible disaster.
He knew what the gentleman from New York
depicted so graphically, that to cross a river like
the Potomac, in the face of an enemy, and with
no means of retreat, was almost insanity. He did
what a prudent general, having Ins own plans
matmed, ought to have done; and heie I distinctly
say that General Banks wrote a letter, in which,
from his stand-point, he entirely commended the
action of General McClellan. And now, and here,
we have our general anaigned by my colleague
on facts notauthentic; and when, so far as we can
see, my colleague's military experience does not
reach so far as to tell, by practice, the rear rank li
from the front, or the breech fro^n themuzzle of a
musket!
1 have replied to these complaints in detail.
Now for these general complaints of nomovement,
so glibly rehearsed by the gentleman.
It is complained that McClellan has not moved,
that nothing has been done, and that nothing is
about to be done; that he does not let curious
people know what he is about. If he is doing
nothing, as they allege, he has nothing to divulge-
to these curious gentlemen. If he is doing some-
thing, the vciy way to undo it is to let them know
it, for they are as leaky as the present weather,
or Oregon, where it is said to rain fifty-two weeks
of the year.
But has he done nothing? I say that he has
done all that he-could safely. McClellan has not
merely perfected the defenses of Washington and"
the Potomac; but, considering the fact that the
force and spirit of the South are concentrated here
on the Potomac, and near our capital, and con-
sidering the untoward season, weather and roads,
is it nothing that he has, as a Richmond paper
asserts, held Beauregard and hisarmy as in a vice;
and that too when the enemy have all the advant-
age of an equal army, a railroad for concentration
in the rear, and n power of combination impossible
for our general.
I3uthe has delayed too long here; and he is
taken to task now because he does not move his
army to a certain destruction, by assaulting an
enemyequal in number to his own,and that,too,
in their intrenchments. .
My answer to this querulous "questioning is,
first, that my colleague himself gives a reason why
no movement could have been made the past three
weeks, because he says that the artillery would
go under the mud. Very well; does he want that
done? Had the roads been on the 2Jst of July
last as they are now, my colleague would not have
been able to escape the companionship of my
friend from New York. Second, when General
McClellan took command here—I say it without
any desire to reilect on General Scott—he found
things disorganized,and no combinations between
different parts of this grand army. Hehadtocon-
stiuct intienchments, and make the Army effect-
ive in many details. This he has done. Inde-
fatigable even unto sickness, ho has accomplished
what my colleague's " brave Wade " could never
have done, had he studied tactics and war for a cen-
tury. And third, he never contemplated a move-
ment on the enemy's intrenchments. It is not too
much to say here that he intended first to have
General Buell'get the Tennessee road; that for this
end he has given all his energies to aid him and
hasten him in this purpose. All that Buell asked
for—arms, transposition, troops—have been fur-
nished. When General Buell took command,
he found his troops straggling and scattered. He
had to gather them, and concentrate and form
them in divisions. He has had bad roads and bad
weather; but I speak knowingly, when I declare
to this Congress and the people, that no delay of
General BueJl's movements are attributable to any
orders from McClellan. On the contrary, he has
ordered him to hasten with all dispatch; not to
lose a day or an hour in the accomplishment of
the design to seize the Tennessee railroad, to the
end that not only shall Eastern Tennessee be
opened to the army of the Union; not only to give
relief to the Union men of Tennessee, about whom
my colleague makes so injudicious a jeremiad,
but to the grand aim, to cutoff this rebel army of
the Potomac, not alone from the line of their sup-
plies, but from the line of their retreat!
In Kentucky wc have more than one hundred
thousand soldiers, ready, eager, active, and tri-
umphant whenever they have had any chance in
a battle. McClellan's orders are for the speediest
movement there possible.
My colleague praises the recent victory of our
troops at Mill Spring. I share with him, as my
constituents did with his, the pride of that hard-
fought encounter; but I will not shame my State,
which called McClellan to her service, by pluck-
ing the laurels from his brow, when there is not
a soldier in that battle who will not rejoice to see
him wear them, as well for his conduct in West-
ern Virginia as for the strategy by which even the
Mill Spring battle was directed, though at a dis-
tance. It was, as I said, apartof his design upon
the Tennessee railroad; and there is no impedi-
ment, but every encouragement from him, for
