1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
staple of commerce, and its loss would be a national
calamity, affecting-every interest wherever situated
throughout the country. Great interests of this
kind, though apparently local, are not so in fact.
Whatever benefits any one great branch of indus-
try, indirectly advances all others, and he who can-
not see the intimate .relations existing between
them, and their mutual dependence upon each
other's prosperity, can lay no claim to the title of
statesman. But let England cease to purchase our
cotton, when by her persistent efforts, continued
through many years, she has gained anindepend-
enceofus in this respect. I honor her for the care-
ful guardianship she exercises over all her interests,
and if we are equally careful, and display equal
foresight, in advancing the interests of our people
by creating a market m China for our manufac-
tures, then, when she ceases to buy our cotton, it
will oniy be transferred from the looms of Old
England to the looms of Now England, much to
the benefit of the industrial and financial interests
of the country.
Another consideration of great importance that
should not be oveilooked by any who have the
welfare of the country at heart, is the agricultural
interests on the Pacific coast. We have in the
States of California and Oregon and Territory of
Washington, an area, in square miles, as great
as that embraced in the seven States of Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Minnesota, with enough left to make seventeen
States the size of Rhode Island. Tins extensive
region is as rich in soil as any which we possess,
and, as it extends through sixteen degrees of lat-
itude, has a greater variety of climate than is to
be found on our Atlantic border, and thus favored
in soil and climate, is capable of sustaining a pop-
ulation of many millions, and is undoubtedly one
of the greatest fields for agricultural enterprise
ever opened to the industry of any people. Prop-
erly settled and cultivated, it is capable of turning
off a larger surplus of cereals than is now pro-
duced in the whole country. And even now, not-
withstanding the great majority of our people have
been engaged in mining, and neglected agriculture
almost wholly until lt>54, our exports of wheat
from San Francisco amounted m 1860 to nine
hundred and forty-eight thousand two hundred
and twenty bushels; and of flour, to fifty-seven
thousand eight hundred and twenty barrels, or
mure than one fourteenth part of the entire ex-
ports of the country in these articles; while our
export of barley was probably somewhat larger
than of wheat. This surplus will be increased,
under ordinary circumstances, annually from ten
to twenty per cent., until it reaches a maximum
greater thfin I should like now to name, for fear
of being considered speculative. Our herds of
neat cattle have already become so numerous that
we scarcely know what to do with them, and are
even now being slaughtered for their hides and
tallow, upon the Mexican system.
What is to be done with these surplus products,
is a question that addresses itself to every states-
man,as the future prosperity of the country m no
small degree depends upon the people of that coast
finding a remunerative market for the products of
their industry. In my opinion, if we provide for
a continental road, it will be the means of giving
us such frequent communication with Asia, and
make our relations with the countries of the East
such, that they may be made to occupy, as regards
this excess of productions, the same position which
England docs to the Atlantic sea-board. In this
direction we have already made an important ho-
ginnnip*. In 1357, we exported to China in farm
products,in va!ue,^2(H,532,andni 1860,$513,113.
These expoi ts, though small, are gratifying, as
they more than doubled m three years. In our
exports of ld57,the item of flour amounted to only
eleven thousand five hundred and ninety barrels.
In 1860 it had increased to thirty-seven thousand
three hundred and twenty-eightbai rels. The pro-
cess of introducing our pioduets is necessarily
slow, as the Chinese are unaccustomed to our
habrt.s and articles of diet*, but theprogt ess already
made is a sufficient indication that, with closer
commercial relations and more frequent inter-
course, they would, in a short time, adopt suffi-
cient of our habits to require fiom us all the sur-
plus cereals we shall have to snare them.
In securing a market in China and Japan for
the production of the people of this distant por-
tion of our country, the grain-growing and stock-
raising States lying: east of the Rocky mountains
are particularly interested, forif they do not find
a market in that direction, they must continue to
be competitors of those States in the markets of
New York and Europe. This they may not
damagingly feel now, but they will seriously feel
such a rivalry in the future.
Sir, the benefits to be derived by obtaining
control of the oriental trade cannot well be over
estimated; and I apprehend the more thought we
devote to the subject, the more we shall be con-
vinced we have hitherto failed in its just and
proper appreciation. Towards the possession and
control of this trade will the commercial strategy
of nations be directed for the next ten years, and
within that time it must be won by us-or bj&some
more enterprising people. Whether it shall be
ours depends almost wholly upon our action in
regard to this continental road, which alone can
give us the facilities to command and to con-
trol it.
We may obtain some idea in reference to the
magnitude and importance this vasteastern trade
is soon likely to attain, when we consider the
progress made in but a single branch of it for a
few years past. An eminent commercial writer,
speaking of England's India trade, says:
" The whole trade of India, in 1833, amounted to some
tliree millions steiling, and now that of Bengal alone is
thirty; while if that of Bombay, Madras, Pegu, and the
straits be added, the total will not be far fiom seventf-five
millions. Estimating the piofit on that commerce at only
twenty-five per cent., cauying trade included, India still
adds nineteen millions a year to British wealth. And if the
trade of India lias inc>ea*ed in value withm the Jastlwen-
ly-five years to the extent of seventv mill ions steiling. when
it ha*, with one exception, Bengal, been almost entirely
confined to the coast and the deltas of the great livers, the
bolder eoii|ccttne will h.udly exceed probability in guess-
ing at it-, expansion wiilnn the next twenty-five yeai&, or
by the end of tin' centuiy.-5
Of course, so far as Hindostan is concerned,
or the bay of Bengal, we cannot hope to affect the
supremacy of English commerce, but we may
make it in some measure tributary to us; and we
would certainly command a fair proportion of the
light freight and passenger travel between Europe
andAsia,and our trade with Sumatia, Java, Bor-
neo, the Philippines and surrounding islands, so
rich m their commercial products, would be greatly
increased.
We have, then, in urging us to favorable action
on this measuie, all the considerations of national
safety from foreign aggression, internal develop-
ment, the fostering of great interests, and a maiket
to supply to the. Pacific coast, which is in itself,
in area, an empire, and in soil and climate the
most favored portion of the country. Are not
these sufficient reasons for the passage of this bill
without delay? Let it not be said that this war
will leave the country too much involved to give
the required aid to this important enterprise. If
wc are poor, theie is so much the gicater reason
why all the avenues to wealth should be opened
to our people.
If the aid to be given towards the building of
this road was a donation, instead of a loan of the
credit of the Government, on unquestionable se-
curity, it would be but a mere bagatelle, consid-
ering the gieat results to be achieved by its con-
struction.
Shall we delay, then, until England has built a
road from the Canadas to Vancou vei, and ob-
tained absolute contiol over the oriental and even
the Mexican trade on the Pacific, and established
a protectorate over the Sandwich Islands, lying
almost at the entrance of our Golden State, as
France has already done over the Society Islands ?
Shall we longer permit the energy of our citizens,
m carrying out great national objects of this kind,
to maintain doubtful struggles against rival enter-
prises carried on by the combined efforts of the
Governments and people of other countries, un-
aided by the friendly care and strong arm of our
own Government? Arc wc to follow in the foot-
steps of the old-school politicians, who could find
no power in the Constitution to do anything but
plunder the national Treasury, by distributing
th<- spoils of office among wrangling adherents,
and whose masterly administration of the Gov-
ernment—masterly in its shameless frauds and
wiongs—terminated in the present rebellion? Or
shall we rather seek the public good, and by wise^
and judicious legislation fertilize all the fields ot
enterprise in which our citizens are engaged; and
by aiding the construction of this road, not only
secure the Rational Safety, but indirectly give prof-
itable employment to millions 'of our citizens
their factories, workshops, and mines, arid on
their farms throughout the country, a$d abroad,
on thehighseas? Isfeve-rdidasingle workpromise
such grand results. And, sir, that we:shall thug
gird the continent by.belts of iron is not only <}e~
manded by the majority of our people, but isfdiie
to American enterprise and interests, and .to the
position, standing, strength, and safety of this
great Republic.
Mr. K.ELLEY. Mr. Chairman,the people who
I have the honor to represent, have no special in-
terest in a Pacific railroad; nor after the well con-
sidered remarks of the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Campbell,] and those of the able Represent-
ative from California, can I hope to add much,
if any, to the argument which has been presented
to the committee. But, sir, a Philadelphia news-
paper, bearing date October 21,1850, that lies be-
fore mo, reminds me of the interest I felt at that
early day in this great project, and I feel that I
should be faithless to myself, and, if I may hope
to influence the vote of any gentleman on this
floor, to the country, if I did not utter my convic-
tion, and, so far as 1 can, redeem the discussion
of this great national measure fiom the appear-
ance, at least, of reference to a merely local ques-
tion.
I think the time peculiarly fitting for the com-
mencement of this work. Our domestic exigen-
cies require its immediate commencement and
early completion; and not untiTwe shall have
completed a Pacific railroad will this nation as-
sume its proper position among the nations of the
world. Let us look at our geographical position.
We are the inhabitants asitwerc of agreatisland,
lying between two continents. We have upon
the one hand the Atlantic; on the other the Pacific
ocean. On the one hand dwell two hundred and
fifty millions of busy enterprising producing peo-
ple; on the other hand are seven hundred and fifty
mill ions of the less active people of the older world.
We of the Atlantic coast are strangers to the peo-
ple beyond the Pacific, and those of the Pacific
coast are strangers to those beyond the Atlantic.
But when wo shall have built this road we will all
be in immediate commercial neighborhood with
yie thousand millions of people whose trade in-
vites us to the work. Make this road, and the
time for travel from Liverpool to Canton orShang-
hae will be reduced to a period of about or prob-
ably less than thirty days.
Sir, it was to sail due west to the marts and
wealth of India that Columbus started on his ad-
venturous voyage. That he run upon a continent
was an accident,afactnotwithmhiscalculations;
but it did not change the route from point to point;
it did but show the necessity for new modes of
tiavel. He was no mere dreamer. His theory
was correct; his undertaking was practicable, and
its execution waits but the completion of the work
now under consideration. The Pacific railroad
will secure to the American people the advantages
on the grander scale of our age which Columbus
and his countrymen hoped fiom his adventures.
Build thisroad, and California and Oregon, with
her gold region now so rapidly developing, and
Washington, yet scarcely explored, having to-
gether a coast as extended as the Atlantic codst of
the thirteen original States, will be speedily popu-
lated. The woild at large will share and contribute
to their wealth. Why is it, with gold abounding
in that region, that population has increased so
tardily? Not tardily in comparison with the
growth of other nations, but tardily in viewf of
the temptation held out to the emigrant. It is the
expense of the overland passage. Your laboring
man from the East, burdened with a family, can-
not emigrate. We all know the danger of an over-
land passage, but few of us realize the expense
attending it. The completion of this road would
make the transit easy and cheap, and would give
us upon the Pacific slope a population as capal.de
of protecting itself against the assaults of a foreign
enemy as the people of the Atlantic States are to-
day. And that population, with the enterprise
which characterizes the American people, would
bring us into intimate commercial relations with
Japan, China, and the whole East, would give a
!! stimulus to the productive power of the country
'[ such as it can derive from no othersource. Then
the influence of America would be felt indeed.
Ii Then the western country, that would excite and
