1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
reward our enterprise, would be found among the
hiving millions west of the Pacific ocean.
But, sir, while this is requisite to give us the
commanding" influence and position which belong
to us, from our geographical position, our supe-
rior resources, and the energy and enterprise of our
people, it is no less necessary to maintain the in-
tegrity of our country. When that wonderful man
who now presides over the destinies of France
became, not the Emperor, but the Prince Presi-
dent, he set about knitting together the distant
departments of France. The republic for four
years had halted before the proposed expenditure
of money necessary to complete her railroads lying
fractional and unfinished. I remember well when
he issued a little rescript, decreeing the comple-
tion of these roads, designating the person to su-
perintend them, and indicating the sources from
which the requisite money should be drawn.
In 1852 it was my good fortune to witness the
enthusiasm with which the people of Paris hailed
him on his return from the celebration of the com-
pletion of the Strasburg road. He went on qui-
etly, sir, until he knit the frontiers of France to
the capita! by iron rails, so that he could, on a
signal, transport its armies from any one frontier
to another, or concentrate them at the capital.
Thisaccomplished,he began to develop his policy.
While these works were incomplete, he was the
Napoleon of peace; but when he had made of this
—I was about to say disintegrated France—a com-
pact empire, he treated with the nations on ques-
tions of trade, boundaries, &c., and showed that,
although he had been calicd the Napoleon of
peace, he was ready, if France needed, to show
that she was no less powerful in war than she had
been under his great uncle. So it should bo with
us. Nobody can disguise the fact that California
and Oregon lie at the mercy of England, should
we engage in war with her. It is not for me to
announce that we could nottransport men, arms,
and munitions, and stores for their defense. The
records of the country already proclaim the fact.
The distinguished gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] brought to our attention the other day
a portion of the able report of Jefferson Davis,
then Secretary of War, on that subject, in which
he asserted that overland transportation of such
supplies was an utter impracticability.
On this point I will invite attention to a brief
cxtract from his report, as I find it. quoted by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent:]
"This tetmory i-< not more lemote fiom the principal
Europcnn State* than fiom those p:\ita of our own country
whence it would detive its military .supplies; and some of
those State* have colonies and po-seM-ions on the Pacific
which would gieatly facilitate then opeiationt. attain it.
With theseadvantage^, ami those which the nttaekim? force
always ha* of choice of time and place, an enemy po*se^-
ing a considerable militaiy marine could, with compaia-
tivcly little cost to himtelf^ubjectusto onoi mou^ oxpen&es
in giving to our Pacific frontier that pioteetlon winch it is
the duty ot the Goiuual Government to afford.
u lu the first year^of a war with any gieat inamiiue Power
the communication by sea eould not he iehed upon ten the
transportation of supplies from the Atlantic to the l'aciiic
.States Our naval peace establishment would not Hniush
adequate eonvoy& tor the number of Ktore-dupy which it
would be necessary to employ; and sfore.ship>alone, laden
with supplies, could not undet take a voyage of twenty thou-
sand miles, passing numerous neutral pott*, wheie an en-
emy's armed ve*sel*,cven ot the smallest size, might he in
wait to intercept them.
" The only hue of communication, then, would be ovei-
land ; and by tln.s it would bo impracticable, with any means
heretotoie ured, to fumis.ii the amount of supplies returned
for the defence of the Pacific froutiei. At the present prices
over the best pait of thi> unite, the expense of land uau*
pot tation alone, tor the annual supplies ol provision*., elotli-
p'g, camp e(juip'i?e3 and ammunition tor such an army a-
it would be necessity to maintain there, would exceed
000.000 ; alxl to maintain troop - .lnd eauy on defensive
operations under tbo?.« ciieumstauces, the expend per man
would he s-ix times gi,.atet than it is now; the land trans-
portation of each field twelve poundei, with a due .supply
of ammunition tor one \ ear, would co?>t ; of each
twenty-lour pounder and ammunition. -$9,1)00 ; and of a nca-
eod>t gun and ammunition, $1*2.000. Tin1 nanspoitation of
ammunition for a yeai toi atiiou-and -ea cour-t guns would
co<t $10,000,000. But the eo.st of ttan-pottation would be
vastly increased hv a wai; and at the iate> that were paid
on Use northern tiontier dining the List war with Gieat
Rniam, the above estimate^ would be neblcd. The time
icquired ior the overland lournov would he faun font to
month*. In point of fact, howeuu, Mippho for such an
army could not betian.spoited acio-.-,the eoutiucnt. f hi tin
arid and batren belts, to be ero«*pd the limited (|uantitie^ of
watei and gras* would soon be exhausted by the immeioiis
draught annual, requited for heavy tram^ and ovei Mich
distance* forage eould not bo canted foi then oiiboistcnee.
" On the other hand, the enemy would send out iu^ sup-
plies at from one seventh to one twentieth the above rates,
and in lotime—pei hap • in one torn tb the time—if he eould
obtain command ot the Isthmus ioute. Any reliance., tiiere-
foic, upon furnishing that part of our frontier with means
of defense from the Atlantic and interior States, after the
commencement of hostilities, would be vain."
Are the Pacific States and Territories of value
to us? Is it necessary that we should maintain
the integrity of the country, that our shores should
continue to be laved by two oceans, and that we
should remain one people? If it is, then must
we, and the sooner it is done the better, provide
means by which the one shore shall be knitted to
the other, and by which the intervening spaces
shall be populated. It is not the time, say some,
to begin this work. When will it be the time?
It was not the time in 1850. Then attention could
hardly be concentrated on it. Yet, had the work
been begun in that year, the road would have
been completed ere this, and the city of San Fran-
cisco would have been as safe as New York or
Boston.
The railroad operates as the river did in the
olden time. We know that population could settle
only upon the river banks. Land so remote from
a navigable stream that it would cost to get its
product to market nearly its market value was
worth nothing. It is no longer so. That law of
nature would have kept our coasts apart for cen-
turies. But the railroad is the river produced
by modern science. We can carry these streams
over mountains and across valleys, and they will
be followed by towns and cities along the plains.
Frotfn this great stream rivulets will flow, so that
in Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Washington, Ore-
gon, Nebraska, and Kansas, American civiliza-
tion will spiing up, and the land teem with life.
We can by this means, and this alone, cement
the two coasts of our country, and make the East
and the West parts of a well-united nation, easily
governed,easily defended by its own people, and
from any part of which to the other the Govern-
ment may at all times throw the requisite force
for defense, or, should God in His providence
permit a recurrence of it, the suppression of rebel-
lion. *
I cannot feel that the time was ever more pro-
pitious for beginning this work than now. What
immediate expenditure does it require? None in
the next year, but in two or three years hence
probably an expenditure of $180,000, increasing
semi-annually to about five millions of dollars per
annum. Can there be any question that our coun-
try can bear such an augmentation of its annual
expenditure5 Or will it harm us, if posterity, be-
ing blessed by this work, should perchance have
to pay the principal of the credit invested? The
time is propitious. The people of the world are
beginning to lealize what a country ours is, and
what nil • ■ ih rgetic people inhabit it. The world
is beginning to see that a republican Government,
which in time of peace sits upon the people as
light as the surrounding atmosphere, is the most
powerful Government yet known to man. Let
them also sec, and let posterity embody it in his-
tory, that in the very agony of our country, her
Representatives and the Government had a care
for the future, and for the welfare and dignity of
the country; and that while they provided ample
means for suppressing the rebellion, and the pun-
ishment of those who originated and sustained it,
they also provided for the immediate future and
the ultimate grandeur of their country.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, after the
lengthy remarks which I submitted upon the pol-
icy and the military necessity of a Pacific railroad
early m the session, and the explanation I gave of
the financial features of the measure as urged by its
immediate friends, it may seem unnecessary for
me to recur to those topics. But, sir, I represent
a constituency vitally interested in this question,
j who will not hold me guiltless if I do not seek on
all proper occasions to present their wants in this
regard, and exert all the influence of which I am
possessed in aid of this great measure. It is my
purpose, before I conclude, to discuss the features
of the bill icported by the select committee to
whom the subject was referred, and who have
spent much labor and thought upon the subject.
Hut, sir, I deem that this measure cannot be just-
ified to the House and the country, in this day of
vast expenditure and necessary retrenchment, un-
less it is clearly demonstrated that the Pacific rail-
road is not merely a matter ofcon venience, or even
commercial advantage, but is an overwhelming
military necessity, necessary for the integrity of
the country, the preservation of its honor, and
calicd for by considerations of patriotism and
safety. To a work of this character, if such it is,
we need to bring the most earnest and solemn con-
sideration. That it is a work of this character the
concurring testimony of many of our most emi-
nent statesmen attests; that it is such has been
shown by the events of this war, where railroads
have been used to an extent never before seen in
the history of the world in precipitating armies
into the field; that it is a great military necessity
is shown by the geographical features of the con-
tinent, the impossibility of defending our Pacific
possessions without it in the event of a war with
a foreign maritime Power, the ease with which
such a war may be excited, as witnessed by the
events of the past three months, and the great and
obvious disaster and disgrace to the nation that
would occur by the loss of our noble Pacific em-
pire.
Sir, twelve years have passed away since the
first Pacific State was admitted into the Union.
Since that time over half a million of souls have
settled in our possessions upon that occan, great
commercial interests have grown up, vast gold
fields have yielded millions to preserve our balance
of trade in the markets of the world, and yet to-
day, save a few insignificant forts, nothing has
been done for the protection of these valuable pos-
sessions, and we are indebted to accident only that
the western boundary of these States is not the
Rocky mountains instead of the Pacific. We are
indebted solely to the lucky accident that we have
had no war with any Euiopean commercial nation
—that our clashing commercial interests with Eng-
land and France, our causes of rivalry, ourpoints
of contact, have not involved us in war with those
Powers, or one of them; to our good fortune and
not to our statesmanship, that we have not ere this
paid the penalty of our inactivity in neglecting this
great engine of defense, in the loss of the richest
portion of our territory—the very jewel in our
coronet of States. We cannot hope for such im-
punity forever. The wheel of fortune will turn if
we are unworthy the favors of the blind goddess.
We cannot hope to disregard all the lessons of ex-
perience, all the warnings of the present, all the pre-
cautions suggested bym ere self-defense, and escape
the penalty of carelessness. The awful prospect
of foreign war has but just faded from our vision,
and for the moment all seems serene. But who
can tell when the next occasion of war shall come ?
Even if we had internal peace we should be no more
justified m neglecting a great work of national de-
fense like this than wc have been in neglectingto
construct u navy that could compete with the iron-
clad ships of the Old World. And let me tell gen-
tlemen here, and the country, that while the recent
experience of the country in the sinking of the
noble frigates at James river by the iron-clad mon-
ster of the rebels has shown that the English War-
rior and the French Gloire, had foreign war fallen
upon us, might have penetrated our best fortified
harbors on the Atlantic, and laid their cities m
ruins, that such a war would also have wrested
your whole Pacific possessions from your grasp,
and reduced them to colonial vassalage to England
or France.
Sir, I do not deal in exaggeration in these state-
ments. In case of a foreign war you cannot hold
this continent together without rapid communica-
tion across it. Look at its configuration. You see
two great empires, one on the east, bordered by an
ocean washing the shores of Europe; one on the
west, looking out on the wastes of the Pacific and
on Asia. Between these empires you have no link
of communication. Two ranges of mountains
divide us, and wide deserts, with little water or
grass, occupying nearly two thousand miles of
intervening space. The history of the world re-
bukes the idea that such empires can be perma-
nently united without an annihilation of the inter-
vening barriers. Sir, there has been no instance
in history where a country has maintained the in-
tegrity of its territory if that territory was riven
by a chain of mountains. Napoleon's armies over-
ran the Alps and the Pyrenees, yet France fell
back to the base line of those mountains—its old
limits. The homogeneous character of our peo-
ple, the devoted love which our Californians have
for the Union, has led them and will lead them to
cling to that Union even if they are compelled to
seek a tropical passage back here to the seat of
their Government, which is at the same time the
cradle of the liberties that make the name of Amer-
ican illustrious, and which name they proudly
