572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
^General Bueli to. forward the movement to that
desired end.
In Eastern Kentucky, Humphrey Marshall has
proved that while his spirit was willing, his flesh
was weak—[laughter]—before the Ohio soldiers
under Garfield." ZolhcofFer has been killed, and
liis forces routed; and nothing but the impedi-
ments of nature prevent our soldiers from lifting
otrir ensign upon the mountains of Tennessee,
North Carolina, and Alabama. In fear for the fate
of Memphis, Beauregard is hurried out to Colum-
$m&, Kentucky, to avert the northern avalanche
which impends there*, while' Buell, with consum-
mate skill, is drawing his fatal lines around the
confederates, as the lines have been drawn in Vir-
ginia.
But itissaidthat the Potomac is blockaded. So
*It is*, but it is of no practical disadvantage. For
all. the purposes of supply, we are in communica-
tion with every part of the North. There are com-
pensations,perhaps unknown to my colleague,, for
this seeming disadvantage. Would that he would
^exercisehis faith in some things inscrn table-to him.
But is there no credit to be given for the reten-
tion of Maryland*, the rescue of the Virginia east-
ern shore; the constant preparation and discipline
of an army of one hundred thousand men here?
And all this with the Secretary of War dabbling
in slavery questions and trafficking in contracts.
Western Virginia wehave held against the hos-
tility of the disloyal. BMoyd has been compelled
to decamp, and from the mountains to the Ohio
«i " right there is none to dispute.
But, sir, although General McClellan has had
•charge of all these matters, and is entitled to share
their merit, it was not my purpose to paint a pic-
ture of our successes. We have gained as yet
no great bloody battle commensurate with the ar-
mies in the field. Indeed, sir, I would prefer that
the war should be carried on and ended by blood-
less tactics than by bloody carnage, if it were pos-
sible. I would leave as little hate as possible as
the legacy of this conflict. If it were possible to
close this war by the melting away or capitula-
tion of the confederate army, the country would
prefer it; General McClellan is not making this
a war of vengeance, but a war for the restoration
of the Union \
To this end he has, by his comprehensive en-
ergy, seized the coast from Ship Island to Fortress
Monroe. There is no example in history of a
sea-coast so extensive, and a country of such area,
•surrounded and closed in by such a superior force
as is the rebellious part of our land.
As the curtain lifts and this procession of facts
transpires, we shall see the Union element of the
•South dilating and emerging from its despond-
ency. We shall sec the loyal men coming forth
and gladly seizing the musket to rally to the old
ilag.
The great mistake on the part of these military
fledglings, who criticise the conduct of the war,
is, that they habitually underrate the extent and
strength of the rebellion, just as they underrated
and contemned the alleged or fancied grievances
<of the South and their hold on the southern mind.
I venture to say thatthis is the capital delinquency
of the Administration, if they have been delin-
quent. Had they realized the fact, " that a con-
siderable body of insurgents had risen against the
sovereign," which Vattel alleges is the test of a
civil war; with all its appurtenances of a humane
code of warfare, the exchange of prisoners, &c.,
we might have had less difficulty and more honor
in the conduct of this immense ordeal by battle.
Those who do not recognize the fact of the im-
mensity of this rebellion will find at every step
■difficulties about belligerent rights on sea and
land, and inhumanities which would sicken the
heart of a savage, We must learn by experience,
if not a priori.
_ Even my colleague, with his Bull Run retreat,
is yet in his nonage. He must resort to the Ba-
conian system of induction, and by experience
iearn, and begin to learn by being a 44 child in
arms." [Laughter.] In surveying thisgrand field
of action, from this capital to San taFe,"he makes
the mistake which the £avan made when he sup-
posed the moon annihilated, because an animal-
cule had crept over the disc of his telescope and
obscured the view. Let him take another glass
and clear his vision.
This presumptious dictation to our generals is
only a small illustration of what we see herein a
larger measure, when gentlemen undertake to in-
terpret the inscrutable designs of Providence to
sustain their finite views. These political "cuck-
oos, who breed in the nest of another trade," these
civilians, who go on cliirpingabout war as if they
were trained to it, when, in truth, they are only
trained in the political convention and the talk of
Congressional Globes, cannot apprehend that this
revolution, which is the work of years and the
movement of millions, is anything more than a
little derangement of the political machine, which
will regulate itself by some political compensation,'
or some act of revengeful confiscation; when, in
truth, it can hardly be corrccted without breaking
the machine, or at least retarding its motion. It is
so stupendous, sir, that it can only be likened to
the ocean, which lifts itself up under a darkened
sky and rolling thunder, and resists the exercise
of anything short of Supreme power witlwan ele-
mental forcc that defies all the little expedients of
carping man.
These complaints about the war are getting as
common in the press and the House as they were
before they produced the Bull Run disaster.  Afew
of these impatien t people then learned a lesson from
their incautious^impuisiveness; but here we have
it again. They belong to that class of skeptics
who take everything incomprehensible to their
feeble sight as nnk'nown and non-existent. They
cannot see McClellan doing anything; therefore
he does nothing. They are not partners in his
confidence; therefore he does wrong. He has not
rushed about in wild theatric style; therefore he
is unfit. He has no retinue, no laced and gilded
supernumeraries, no blast of trumpet and boom of
guns, to announce himself here and there. He
docs not dress his child up like the young Prince
Imperial m the Tuilleries; therefore he lacks the
esprit. J le has no elan, no dash, no plumed non-
sense; therefore the public faith m him must be
sapped. Most of all, he regards this as a great
war for the Union and Constitution, for the sal-
vation of the white man's free Government of
America; and because he does not play General
Phelps in proclamations, or Fremont in deeds of
manumission, In; is abused and maligned.
Who are those that thus question McClellan's
ability? Did they see and understand his mas-
terly strategy in Western Virginia, the fame of
which is the pride of the western soldiery? Do
they know the calm confidence and meritorious
patience with which he now pursues his schemes
by sea and land, by river and road, grouping whole
sections in his comprehensive combinations of
strategy, and striving, without irritating and in-
consequential skiimislun£, to end the war by "a
sharp,though it maybe adesperate struggle,"and
thus restore the Union? He has pledged himself
to the President that if he livp, and be allowed to
carry out in action whathe has matured in design,
that we shall soon see our flag triumphant and the
rebellion crushed.
These ready military critics have not even the
militia training, which was so important years
ago, to make them experts.
A former colleague of ours, in the days of 1840,
when the campaigns of General Harrison were
discussed by a brigadier general of the Michigan
militia, with grotesque humor held up to the rid-
icule of the American Congress the peculiar mil-
itary studios by which the member from Michigan
was fitted to the subtle criticisms on strategy, and
the careful reviews of battles. He ventured to be-
lieve that the militia general might have studied
the title-page of Baron Steuben enough to know
that the rear rank stands right behind the front
[Laughter.] Besides, the critic on that occasion
had the fortune to have been in the toils, priva-
tions, sacrifices, and bloody scenes through which
a militia officer in time of peace was sure to pass.
It is long since I read that graphic picture of a
muster dayin the West, touched by the tints of
Corwin's facile humor. Thetroopsinmotion! the
corn-stalks, umbicllas, hoe and ax handles, and
other like deadly implements of war overshadow-
ing all the field, when lo! the leader of the host
approaches! Far off his coming shines. I need
not describe his horse, the rising cloud, the rain,
the retreat, the remorseless fury with which the
water-melons are slaughtered, and the whisky
drank in a neighboring grocery. [Laughter.] If
with such experiences the member from Michigan
was regarded then as the prince of military critics,
what shall we say now oi the member from Ohio,
whose gentle life has been passed in the green pas-
tures by the still waters of peace, and whose every
prospect was the millennium, in which the lion and
the Iamb shall lie down together, and the little
child shall lead them.
Oh! how it jars to hear the voice so often raised
in benediction and prayer, and tuned to the sweet
accents of love and mercy,
" Splitting with tremendous sounds our ears asunder,
With gun, drum, trumpet, blunderbuss and thunder."
[Here the hammer fell, Mr. Cox's hour having
expired. Leave was granted him to print the re-
mainder.]
If a militia general was so well fitted for the task
of criticism on war, a fortiori, what heed shall we
not pay to my reverend colleague, whose only ex-
perience has been that of a Bull Run retreat ? Such
critics ought at least to know a spear from a prun-
ing-hook, or a sword from a plowshare. It is
doubtful if they can tell an ambulance from a cais-
son. They could notbiteacartridge without biting
their tongue. The only fuse they know is a po-
litical fusion; they can deploy around a conven-
tion or caucus, and fire the political thunder from
the batteries of a demagogue, masked with the
negro. If they fired a gun and should hit, they
would do it, as did Winkle, when he killed the
rook—he shut his eyes and blazed away in timid
despair.
My colleague is one of those whose politics and
prayers have ever been to be delivered from the
men of war. In times past he has thought more
of Saint Peter than of saltpeter. When the Mex-
ican war was declared, the elass to which he be-
longs echoed Sumner's "true grandeur of na-
tions," when he said " there was no war which
was not dishonorable, and no peace which was
not honorable." They sang the ironical Yankee
slang of Hosea Biglow to the recruiting sergeant
of Colonel Caleb Cushing:
Fife away, you fifin5 feller,
You may fife till you are yeller,
'Fore you get a hold of me."
There, away down in some New England vil-
lage, " they kind o* thought Christ went agm war
and pillage, and that eppyletts warn't the best
mark of a saint." Now, they are willing to swear
" that the apostles were rigged out in their swal-
low-tail coats, an5 marched round in front of a
drum and a fife." Now, they agree to the ironi-
cal verse:
" John P.
Robinson—he
Says they didn't know everything down in Judee."
These men whose lives have been dedicated to
considering the horrors of war and slavery, and
whose consciences were very tender about the
downtrodden when they wanted votes, now under-
take, by congressional committees, declarations,
and military diatribes here, to set squadrons in the
field, and to show McClellan how ho is not doing
it at all, or how he might do it with the aid of armed
blacks so bravely ana all at once. Not satisfied
with the President of their choice; not content
with that which they voted in the Crittenden res-
olutions as the object to which the war should be
devoted; not happy in the calm progress of a
campaign which, so far as General McClellan is
concerned, has been comparatively successful,
and certainly without blunders, they want a move-
ment " at all hazards," even if it moves the coun-
try and the Government to secession,dictatorship,
chaos, or destruction. Such political dyspeptics
and martial zanies ought to be sent home to teach
boarding-school misses the doctrines that brought
many members here—the beauty of John Brown's
life, and the glory of his death.
Judging by the remarks made here, one would
infer that these gentlemen were all ready to receive
and provide for the four millions of blacks who
are to be freed by the war power; that the corn
bread and fat pork were all provided for the jubi-
lee of freedom. But where will they get the food,
or where will they fix the locus in quo for the fes-
tive scene? In Kentucky?—Ohio? Some of our
soldiers, who have just fought so nobly under
General Thomas, have written me complaints that
they get clothes through which they can put their
fingers, and chickory for coffee. We do not even
feed decently our white braves; yet these gentle-
men, who reason so lunaticaily, think that there
is some virtue in a colored child or woman, and
that the Lord somehow will provide for them as
he did by Elijah with the ravens.
