2554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
we imposed a tax of three per cent, on them, and
he states his reasons, which I will read:
" In behalf of the underwriters of the city of New York, I
respectfully ask the privilege to make the following sug-
gestions: .
" By section eighty-one of the tax bill, as reported m the
Senate, a tax of tnree per cent, is levied on the dividends
made by insurance companies.
"By section eighty three, a further tax of three percent,
is levied upon the gross receipts of the companies.
« By the stamp duties (or duties on policies, checks, 8tc.,)
a further sum, large in the aggregate, te exacted.
" The second item—tax on gross receipts—the underwrit-
ers feet to be oppressive and unjust. It not only increases
rhe tax on their dividends (which are in fact their only
property) to six per cent., but levies a further tax of three
percent, upon the money paid by them for losses. It would
scarcely be maintained to be just to tax a merchant for his
cargb which never arrives. That would be pronounced a
levying a tribute from misfortune; yet this section does
demand a tribute of three per cent, upon shipwrecked
property.
" The New York underwriters paid, during the past year,
" $7,689,001 53forlosse3. This consumed all the receipts of
some of the companies, and a considerable portion of the
receipts of all.
u The proposed law, if it had been in operation last year,
would have required to satisfy the tax au average of twenty-
four and a half per cent, of all the funds not expended for
losses—the lowest percentage being twelve and a half, and
the highest thirty-nine and a half.
u It is a mistake to suppose that this is simply a mode of
taxing the merchants. The competition is already so close
between English and continental underwriters and our own,
that a fraction of a penny may easily turn the scale.
Now, in all matters ol public moment, the history of the
New York underwriters shows their action to have been
beneficial. They sustain life-saving associations, and va-
rious charitable and beneliccnt organizations. Moreover,
as concentrating a large capital, under control loyal to the
Government, assuredly the Government has a deep interest
in refraining from that which will crush them, and thereby
throw their vast business, with all its attendant benefits,
into foreign and hostile hands. The past year has proved
these benefit5?, by the aid rendered to the Government by
them in every possible way.
" This is a mattei of serious importance to the commcrce
and welfare of the country, and that must be my apology
for urging these considerations.
<{ There are several minor objections, such as the exaction
of quaiterly returns, from which a wholly delusive state of
accounts would ensue; but it would seem that the simple
fact that the Government would demand twenty-four and
a half per cent, on all the piofits (which are also the capi-
tal) of these companies, n sufficient to make manifest the
injustice of the proposal.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let me ask where the
distinction is between fire and marine risks—
whether the same reason does not apply to poli-
cies against loss by fire as well as by shipwreck?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Fire risks do not enter
into competition with foreign companies.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 understand they do
very extensively.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not. I can only
state what appeared to the committee. While this
was insisted upon, and we were advised that the
effect of this tax upon marine insurance would be
to destroy the business, which wo did not want
to dofthere was no such pretense with regard to
the three per cent, on fire insurance; but 1 repeat
what I said before: when we notified them that
the tax would be three per cent., I inferred from
the appearance of the gentlemen, and from what
they said, that they were satisfied. As I said, I
heard nothing further against it until after the
Troy fire. My own conclusion—I do not pre-
tend that it is correct; I only give it for what it
may be worth—after all the consideration I have
been able to give the subject, is that the tax on
fire insurance ought to remain where it is, and
that the tax on marine insurance ought to be re-
duced to one and a half per ccnt.
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator from Maine
is mistaken as to the feelings of the underwriters
on this subject. I know he is, because they told
me how they felt, and they told me expressly that
they were gratified that the tax was reduced;and
if the Senate understood the point from which it
was reduced, they would not wonder at that ex-
pression of gratification. The proposition in the
first place,amounted to a tax of over ten percent,
on their gross receipts, which would have been
utter ruin to every company in the United States.
I do notknow a company in the United States that
could continue business a year if ten per cent, of
their gross receipts were taken as a tax. When
they weie informed it was reduced to three per
cent., they certainly expressed gratification, not
at the rate of three per cent., but at its having been
reduced so much.
When I was upbefore I did not state to the Sen-
ate the amount ot gross receipts of the insurance
companies in the United States. The return be-
fore me shows that the companies reporting to the
State of New York received $12,000,000. That is
the basis of this tax, and you propose to exact
from them three per cent, on $13,000,000. The
companies of the United States probably received
twenty-four millions of dollars in premiums, fori
presume that not more than one half the com-
panies are represented in this table; but put it at
$20,000,000; thirty per cent, on that is $600,000
a year, to be taken in taxation from this one in-
terest. Is it not enormous ?
The letter which was read by the Senator from
Maine attempts to show a distinction between ma-
rine premiums and fire premiums; but the very
same reason given there why marine insurance
companies should not be taxed on their gross re-
ceipts,applies to firecompanies. It is not profits.
It is a cargo that has not yet come in; it has not
been received; it is not received until the end of
the year, and they may have to pay it all out.
Without taking up more time, I barely wish to
repeat this idea, that the basis of taxation is im-
mense, is enormous, and therefore a tax of one
per cent, amounts to a very large sum; and a tax
of three per cent, amounts, as I think, to a ruin-
ous sum.
Mr. KING. The disposition to meet the exi-
gencies of the times is universal in the country,
and although it is natural and we may expect that
each large interest which is to pay a very consid-
erable proportion of the tax should desire to make
its own burden as light as in its own judgment
would be only a fair tax, there has, in the main,
been a very general disposition all around to meet
the burdens that disinterested and impartial per-
sons have distributed to them* I think, however,
that in regard to the marine insurance companies,
the course suggested by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance is proper. The principle is to
put the taxes on interests which can meet and pay
them conveniently for themselves; and, by wise
discrimination, not to impose a tax on a business
that would interrupt and prevent its continuance.
That is a proper discrimination. No matter what
the wealth or profits of a concern may be, if by
taxing it you destroy it, the tax becomes unprofit-
able and the country loses its business. There-
fore the difference which the Senator from Maine
takes between the fire insurance companies and
the marine insurance companies I think is well
taken. It is a notorious fact that there is a great
deal of competition between our own marine in-
surance companies and foreign marine insurance
companies in the ports to which our vessels go.
It is a matter of very little importance to the mer-
chant in which of the ports he insures. The in-
surances are open. A mere note from the merchant
to the insurers effects a contract or agreement for
insurance, and the whole matter is afterwards set-
tled. The business is done, in the first place, by
noting the name of the ship on which the insur-
ance is made and the nature and quantity of the
cargo, and that note may be sent to a London or
a Liverpool insurance company just as well as to
one in New York or Boston. The competition is
very sharp between the foreign companies and
our own as to who shall have these insurances.
A duty of three per cent, on the gross receipts of
our companies will be a very heavy difference as
against them, in favor of foreign companies. In
my opinion, our marine insurance companies
should be exempted, for the reason that this tax
will probably deprive them of the business and
send it to European ports. Fire insurance is a
business which will continue in the country. Most
of us are, piobably, insurers against fire; I am, to
some extent, myself. The tax on fire insurance,
in myjudgment, is notunreasonable; and the fact
that the companies were satisfied with the reduc-
tion is a very good reason, in my judgment, why
the tax should be retained as it is in the bill. 1
would vote to relieve the marine insurance, as we
have, in some instances, on the solicitation and
suggestion of persons who have the best knowl-
edge in relation to particular manufacturing es-
tablishments, made discriminations in relation to
them, because nobody desiies to impose a burden
that cannot be borne, one that would strike the
business out of existence. The question of cot-
ton, about which I had a good deal of feeling, is
one which has been arranged in that way. If the
estimates in relation to the results of these taxes
have been correct, the action of the Senate has
been right, because these taxes will be levied
where they can be collectcd.
Mr. SIMMONS. I recollect-the circumstance
to which the chairman of the committee alludes of
men connected with the insurance companies com-
ing before the committee. According to the bill as
it came from the House of Representatives, the tax
averaged about twenty per cent, on their gross
receipts, and of course when they got it down to
three percent, they felt very much relieved. That
was perfectly natural; but I had an engagement
that day to go into the city at twelve o'clock, and
as I was walking down the street those three gen-
tlemen overtook me. I said to them " I am very
glad we have arranged this matter so that you are
satisfied." " Not satisfied/' said they, " but a
great deal better satisfied with three percent, than
with twenty." They thought the three per cent,
too much on their gross receipts.
I have always thought that the true policy of
taxing any of these companies was to tax their
profits. For instance: if an insurance company
had met with a great many losses and lost all they
received that year, it seemed to me very hard to
tax them for what they had not got, beca use they
had done a good deal of business and happened
to lose it. 1 have always thought, therefore, that
a tax of three per cent, on the net earnings of
an insurance company would be more equitable
than to tax its gross receipts. Then those com-
panies that make so much profit would pay a good
deal, and those who made nothing would not have
to pay anything. That always looked to me to be
the equitable mode of assessing this tax. I never
owned a dollar's worth of insurance stock in my
life, nor do I ever expect to; but I would like to
see this tax, as the Senator from New York says,
so levied that it would not drive people out of the
business. All over the country there are agencies
of great London and Liverpool concerns, for in-
suring against lire as well as marine risks. I
always insure in our own offices, for I know
them better; but a great many people insure in
offices in Europe. For my own part, [ never could
se§ the difference which some other Senators who
are more sagacious than 1 am, observe between
marine and fire companies. If a marine office
makes twelve per cent, profit upon its capital and
a fire office makes twelve per cent, profit, I do not
know why they should not be taxed alike on
profits; but I agree in case of gross receipts it is
different. I think a table was shown me for the
whole State of New York, that the premiums re-
ceived from marine lisks were about ten millions
of dollars, and the Josses about nine millions of
dollars. There was a great proportion of the re-
ceipts paid out again for losses. I do not know
anything about the aggregate profit of the fire in-
surance business. All I know is that I have heard
in our part of the country that the Etna company
has made a monstrous sight of money, and the
Hartford also. Itis avery strongcompany. Now
as to mutual offices, the provisions of this bill
struck me as very singular, I have not read them
particularly, but I think it is provided that the
receipts of mutual offices should be taxed three
per cent. Is that so?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is, and I was justdraw-
ing something with a view to amend tnat.
Mr. SIMMONS. That strikes me as very sin-
gular. I have been insured in a mutual office a
good many times. We give premium notes, and
when these is a loss it is assessed among the mem-
bers. It seems to me very singular when I am
assessed §100 on my premium note, that the Gov-
ernment should tax me three dollars more because
I have lost §100.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am drawing an amend-
ment that will relieve that.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was merely expressing my
surprise at it. It will not hinder you from reliev-
ing it. I wish the chairman of the committee
would consent to put this tax on the net profits,
instead of the gross receipts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would be a different
tax from whatwe have on anything else. Itshould
be uniform. *
Mr. McDOUGALL. I regard this as one of
the extraordinary taxes contained in this extraor-
dinary bill, and it cannot be bettor proved than
by the letter which the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance has read in relation to the tax on
marine insurance companies. He makes a dis-
tinction between the two, which certainly is not
justified by the letter on which hu founds the ex-
ception. 1 will call the attention of the Senate to
