n
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 14,
37tii Oon&....2d Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
matter Dad so much of love to God and love to man in it,
that it will meet the sanction of an approving world. So
far from being denounced for this action, it is everywhere
looked upon as ail act of purest patriotism, resulting from
imperious necessity and the highest instincts of selt-pres-
orvation—respected by the very Administration that alone
could have complained of it, and will, we doubt not, be rat-
ified by it. if not m terms, at least by its future action. 1 hat
fact did not take her out of the Union.
" Kentucky, in so grave a matter as this, passes hy mere
le<*al technicalities, and a discussion of theoretical difficul-
ties of government, poises herself upon her right to do what
the necessities of her condition imperatively demanded of
her, and relies upon the good sense and magnanimity ot
her sister States, seeing that there ia no parallel in her con-
dition and theirs, to do her justice. . .
" In all things she is as loyal as ever to the constitutional
administration of the Government. She will follow the
stars and htnpes to the utmost regions of the earth, and de-
fend it ftom foreign insult. She refuses alliance with any
who would destroy the Union. All she asks is permission
to keep out of this unnatural strife. When called to take
part m it, she believes that there is more honoi m the breach
than in the observance of any supposed duty to pertonn it.
"Feeling that she is clearly nalit in this, and has an-
nounced her intention to lelrain from aggression upon oth-
ers, siie must protest againsthersoil being made the theater
of military operations by any belligerent. The war must
not be n.uihft tied by the warring sections from their own
to her hoidirs. Such unfriendly action cannot be viewed
with indifference by Kentucky."
Why, sir, that is the doctrine that I have an-
nounced, and for which I am so harshly and bit-
terly censured by my colleague. I have read the
distinguished names signed to this address; and
right here allow me to defend one of those gentle-
men from what, 1 have no doubt, was an uninten-
tional ns.-muli by my colleaguo. I allude to Mr. ;
Joshua F. Bell. My colleague, with stentorian |
voice and lusty lung's, announced that if Joshua |
P. Bell had been elected Governor instead of Ma- ,
goftin, he would have famished troops at the call
of the President; that they were not furnished m
consequence of the treason of the Governor. Why,
sir, in this address, signed by him, Joshua F. Bell
says the Governor did right; that Kentucky's
position was right. 1 have known Mr. Bell for
many years. In early life I was his school-mate
in the university. I sat on the same benches with
him. 1 have known him since. lie is a talented,
high-toned,and honorable gentleman. In my judg-
ment, Joshua F. Bell would scorn to approve in
another what he would not do himself. The fair
inference m, that Mr. Bell, if he is an honorable
gentleman, and I know him to he such, would have
acted just as Magoffin acted; for he approved of
Magoffin's action. I know my colleague did not
intend tu make any assault upon Mr. Bell, for I
understand there are the most friendly relations
1mmween them.
1 have now read to Senators the proceedings of
the Legislature. I have still another action of
theirs that I desire to present. The Kentucky
Legislature Jn May last, in obedience to the re-
solves of these Union meetings—for they callcd
upon them to do it—passed a law to organize her
military. That law, as you will sec, rciteiates the
very same idea on the subject of neutrality that
is contained m the resolutions that I have read. I
will read you the tenth section of that military
law which was passed in May, 1861:
"Nothing contained in this act shall he so construed as
to authorize said bo,mi. or auv of the military organizations
eieaird by the militia law ot thin State, to use m any wi e
the ami-* and munitions of war herein authorized to bepur-
elu- ed, ut ihoM> ah e:nly lu'loniing to the State, against the
Go\emn < in of itie United States, not against the confed-
erate Strife-. nti!< in proloetin«oui soil !iom unlawful in-
vasion, it In Irig the intention alone that said aims and mu-
ni t tons ot war .tie to be used for the sole defense of the State
of Kentucky/'
The law declaied that the arms and munitions
of war were not. to be used against the confeder-
al States, nor against the Federal Government,
but in defense of Kentucky. That low was passed
in obedience to the resolves of the Legislature of
Kentucky, and particularly in accordance with
the resolutions of my colleague's party m the State.
Allow me to read another extract on this subject
of neutrality. 1 have shown you, from their res-
olutions and addresses, that they meant just what
I did by neutrality. Judge tJnderwood—well
known to this Senate—wrote a letter on this sub-
ject of neutrality, dated Glasgow, June 6,1861. I
will read one short exfractfrom that letter. Judge
Underwood believed in the right to coerceaState,
but in speaking of neutrality he said:
"Now, although my opinion as to the right of coercion
remains unchanged, I have, fiom many considerations, too
numerous to be here mentioned, come to the conclusion
that Kentucky may propei ly refuse to participate in the
war in progress. Hence I proposed thatshe should occupy
the position of neutrality, believing she could thereby he
moie efficient in putting an end to the war, and restonng
the Government to its legitimate action, than in any other
way. Having taken that position, I think we are bound
in honor to maintain it; after assuming to be neutral, it we
ioin Our forces with those of the national Government and
aid m coercing the seceded States, we shall present our-
selves before the world as an oscillating, undecisive, unre-
liable, and timid people; meriting lidicule and contempt,
instead of respect and confidence. We can attract the ad-
miration of mankind by taking a firm, immovable, and yet
conciliatory stand."
That was the opinion of Hon. Joseph R. Un-
derwood,oncb an emincntand distinguished mem-
ber of this body, a gentleman eminent for ability,
integrity,and worth,now a distinguished Union
. member of the Kentucky Legislature, on the sub-
ject of neutrality. My colleague must see then
that all the Kentucky Union men were not like
himself, that some of them were in earnest on
this subject of neutrality, and meant what they
said. I will read extracts from a speech of Hon.
Archibald Dixon, delivered at Paducah, Ken-
tucky, on the 9th of March, 1861. Mr. Dixon
is a distinguished member of the Union party, a
gentleman of talent and high position, having filled
many offices of honor and trust in Kentucky; he
was once a member of this body. He said:
"That the distracted condition of the country was not
without cause. There was a cause, and that cause must
be lemoved, or peace between the sections could never be
lestoied.
" Tiie people of the slave States had been wronged, griev-
ously wionged by some of then bretinenot tiie tiee States,
but not by rhe Federal Government."
"The Black Kepubhcan paity, led on by Lincoln, their
Piesident, Sewatd, and others, are enemies of the people
ot the South, and ot then institutions; they alone aie ie~
sponsible for all the mjiuies of which the people of the
southern States have ju^t cause of complaint.
" Jt was this party that icsisted the execution of the fugi-
tive slave law; that organized and piotected undeigiound
raihoads ; that encouiaged and aided its f'olloweism steal-
ing the negroes of the southern slaveholders; that gave
countenance and suppoit to such incendiaries and muuier-
eis as Helper and John "Drown; thatstiricd up strife be-
tween master and slave." * •<• * * *
" But we aie told that the Black Republican party has
succeeded m electing a Piesident and Vice 1'iesldeutupon
,i principle puifily-oetionaland ho-ttle to the institutions of
the slave States. Tins is true; andsuchatmunph, of such
a party on sueh a punciple, was and is an insult, not only
to the people of the southern States, but to the conserva-
tive men of the whole nation.
" And if such a paity after all that has occurred, is to be
continued m power by the deliberate judgment and suf-
, frages of the people of the free States, I thmk the sooner a
! sepaiation upon just and amicable principles takes place
between the sections the better foi all patties. Hut before
this takes place, I am fot appealing dnectly to the people
ot tin' fiee States fo tin n this (action out of powet and amend
the Fedetal Constitution m such a way as to prevent a te-
eutienee of similar difficulties, and alford to the people of
the e-lave States Mich guaranteob lot the safety of thou slave
property, both in the Suites and Territories, as the neces-
sities of the case may requne.
" This, in my judgment, woufd be infinitely better for all
paities than hazily and uxshly to break up and destroy a
Government, that if properly administered and properly ap-
preciated by the American people, would be productive of
moie real and -substantial blowings, to those who live under
it than any that ever ext&ted or peihaps that ever will exist."
* * * * "Are these States that have separated
themselves from the FedeialUnion, because of wrongs and
injuries done their citizens by the Black Republican party,
to be torced and driven back into the coiifedeiacy by that
paity? And are the people ot Kentucky to be compelled to
enlist under the Black Republican banner and aid them in
dishonoring and degiadmg those who have common sym-
pathies and a common interest with them?
u [ do not know that Air. Lincoln means to attempt tin.-,. Ia
his maugmal he says that the laws must be enfoiced m every
State in the Union; but lie could not have said less than
this, as he swoni to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and to see that the laws aie faithfully executed.
" This means, of course, that the revenue laws now exist-
ing in all the States <hall he enforced; and it may he that
not only existing, but ail laws which a Black Republican
Congress amy pas*, shall be ; and it may be, m his judgment,
his sworn duty to see that they are enfoiced.
" A Black Republican Congress passes a law to collecta
direct tax, not only of the peopleof Kentucky,butof cveiy
other slave State, to tab-e money to support armies and na"-
vtes to whip a seceding State hack into the Union. Will
Kentucky submit to such a tax ? A Black Republican Con-
gress passes a law to raise tioops in Kentucky to compel
Ketituckians to submit to Black Republican jule, or to aid
the usurping Administration to whip sistei slave States into
subjection, or back into the Confedeiacy. Will Kentucky,
with the lash ot unprincipled faction suspended over hei
back, submit to «ueh outrages, such wrong, such indignity?
Will she suffer the foot of a Black Republican invader to
desecrate her soil, whether the object of such invasion be
the subjugation of her own btave and noble sons or of her
brethren in her sister slave States? Never, never." *
* * * " Shall Kentucky, then, resist him if he at-
tempts to compel her to aid him in coercing her sisterslave
States back into the Union ? Of course she will. She con-
siders him and his party enemies to the whole country; as
disorganizers, usurpers, and destioyeis of the liberty and
peace of the nation lioxo will she lesist him ? By seced-
ing ftom the Union, and surrendetmg all into his hands?
In my judgment, this would be unworthy of the high char-
acter which Kentucky has always sustained for courage
and chivalry. If she does not secede, what other couise
will she adopt to maintain her honor and protect her rights
under the Constitution ? I say, th i ow herself upon the res-
olutions of 1798, and, in her soveteign character, declare
every law of Congress passed by the Republican party to
cocice in any way seceding States unconstitutional and
void. And if the President attempts to enfoicc any such
laws after they have been declared by Kentucky unconsti-
tutional and void, by raising money, by direct taxation of
the people of Kentucky, or by compelling them to enlist
under his banner, or maiching his troops through her ter-
ritories, let her meet him swoid in hand, and appeal to the
God of battles to determine the right between them.
" In this light she will have as allies ail the people of the
slave States, and half or more of the people of the free
States; for those opposed to Black Republicanism in the
free States, hate it with a moie undying hatred than even
the people of the slave States.
"They have been faithful to us through all our conflicts,
and are ready in a just cause to stand by us to the last ex-
tremity; and we ought not to deseit them beeausc tempo-
rarily borne down by the Republican faction, their enemies
and ours. Let then the fight be, as it should be, with the
Black Republican paity, and not with the Government. It
will be time enough to wage war against the Government,
and separate ourselves from it, when the people of thcfiee
States, after having had a (an opportunity of voting on the
great question ot light, decide such question against us, and^
refuse us such guarantees as we have a laiht to demand of
them. But this, in my opinion, they will never do. I have
not always been an advocate of the principles contained in
the lesolutions of 1798; but the perils by which out State
is now suirounded,and the necessity she may be undei in
a short time to choose between secession and nullification,
have satisfied me that they ate hei last hope; and to save
the State government fiomdeatiuction, and the people fiom
anarchy, and it may he from civil war, she must plant hei-
self firmly upon them. If she does this, she will not he
foiced against her will into a con the t with either the Noith
or South, but will have it m her power to act as mediator
between them. She will not have to bear her portion of
the tax on her property imposed by the southern eonfed-
ciacy, and which she would be compelled to do if she se-
ceded from the Union and became a membei of it, and
which she would willingly do if she thought secession right
or there was just cause "tor it. Nor would she be compelled
to furnish men or money or arms again«t her own stern
judgment of right to coerce sueh confederacy."
I have shown you, Senators, what was the ac-
tion of public meetings and the legislature of Ken-
tucky on this subjcct. I shall now read one or
two extracts from the leading political journals of
Kentucky, to show that they took the same po-
sition. I will first read an extract from the Louis-
ville Journal. It is but just to the editors of the
Journal and the Louisville Democrat, extracts
from which papers I propose to read, that I should
state that I find these extracts taken from those
journals in other papers. I tried to obtain a copy
of their files, to see if they were correctly quoted,
but was unable to find them. I believe they were
properly and correctly extracted. The Louisville
Journal, speaking of the Presdent's proclamation
calling for seventy-five thousand men, says:
"The policy announced in the proclamation deserves the
unqualified condemnation of every American citizcn. It is
unworthy not meiely of a statesman but of a man. It is a
policy utterly haiibrained andruinotis. If Mr Lincoln con-
templated this policy m the inaugural addtess,he isaguilty
dissembler; if he has conccivcd it undei the excitement
raised bythe seizuie of Foit Sumter, he is a guilty Hotspur.
In either case, he is miserably unfit, fot the exalted portion
m which the enemies of the country have placed him."
Again, the Journal says—this was written, I
suppose, m May last:
"In oui judgment, the people of Kentucky have answeied
this question in advance; and the answer, expressed in
every conceivable fonn of popular expression, and finally,
clinched by the glorious vote of Saturday, is : aim Ken-
tucky, efficiently but nghtluUy and fattiv, with the clear
declaration that the aiming is not for offense against either
the Government or the sccedtng States but ptiiely for de-
fense against whatevei power sets hostile* foot upon the
actual soil of the Commonwealth. In othei woids, the Le-
gislatuie, according to the manliest will oi the people, should
declare the neuttaiityof Kentucky in this unnatural and
accursed war of bmthers, and equip the State for the suc-
cessful maintenance of her position at all hazatds. And
when the Legislature shall have done this, it may, in our
opinion, wisely adjourn, leaving the cause of peace and of
constitutional Government, so far as Kentucky is con-
cerned, in the hands of the twelve mediators whom the peo-
ple of the Commonwealth have just chosen exptessly for
that high custodianship. This, it seems to us, as it plainly
seems to the people at large, is what the Legislature should
now do."
That was soon after the election of delegates to
the border State convention. I will now read
some extracts from the Louisville Democrat:
" Let Kentucky preserve her neutrality, and she at once
becomes the rallying point for patriots from all portions ot
the land. Western Virginia, southern Ohio, southern In-
diana, and southern Illinois will stand by her to a man, and
