5m,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
our,Qovemment, I protest against that dangerous
and-horrible malversation of oar congressional
office .which would usurp the power of the States
over their own institutions, seek through the Army
the further disruption of the Government, destroy
the last vestiges of our confederation, and stop its
magnificent career among the nations,
Mr. GtJRLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to make a correction in reference
to the battle of Fredericktown.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. Ifitisto occupy
^ny length of time, I shall have to object.
Mr. GURLEY. It is not a personal matter,
but it is due to General Fremont that I shall make
a statement.
No objection was-made.
Mr. GTJRLEY. I ask the Clerk to read one
paragraph from my speech of yesterday.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" I stated that the battle was fought without orders from
the commanding general, as I understood, but upon orders
given by General Curtis. It was without the oider of the
commanding general who was at that tune far away fiom
St. Louis. I have so understood, and, in fact, i saw the
order telegraphed by the commanding general himself for
the return of reinforcements sent in that direction."
Mr. GURLEY. I alluded incidentally yester-
day to the battle of Fredericktown merely by way
of illustrating a position taken by me that gener-
al/our battles had been fought without orders
from the chief commanders. I had no desire, of
course, to detract from any merits of General Fre-
mont in my remarks, as a commander. I only
stated what was a matter of common conversation
in St. Louis at the time, and which corresponds
with a dispatch which I hold in my hand. But it
is due to General Fremont to say that I have seen,
since I came to the House this morning, several
dispatches from him to the commanding officer at
Cairo, ordering on troops, and ordei ing lum to cut
off* the ictieat of Jeft'Thompson. It appears from
these dispatches that General Fremont did give
those orders; but here are some dispatches which
seem to conflict with that conclusion. As I bast'd
my remarks on one of them, I will ask them to be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
(No. 1.)
.From Colonel Boyd, at Pilot Knob, to Brigadier General
Curtis, Camp itcnton, shoiving strength after General
Curtis had sent troops down.
Pilot Knob, October 19, 1851.
To General Curtis :
Wo will have about three thousand live hundred (8,500)
men at the post. Can take three thousand away to meet the
enemy if near us. Two regiments aie at Ironton, and the
remainder at Pilot Knob, one and one quarter (1|) miles
apart. The position would be verv strong if the railroad
to St. Louis were well guarded. Without that guard, we
would be entirely at the mercy of the enemy, as we are in
a nanow valley surrounded by mountains, the goigesof
which can be easily closed on either inside or outside. Guns
left in my qurutermastcr's post.
It. S. BOYD, Colonel.
(No. 2.)
From Captain McKcero, by order of General Fremont, to
General Curtis at Camp Benton, ordei ing General Curtis
to withdrawtroops he hud sent down—cig/Uh iVisconsiii and
Boyd's Missouri volunteers.
Headquarters, October 21, 1861.
To Brigadier General Curtis :
Order all the troops that you have sent on the lion Moun-
tain road back to Benton bauaeks. The whole affair has
been grossly exaggerated. Colonel Carlin should have kept
the ioad open without any additional foice.
By order of Major General Fremont.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. A. G.
(No. 3.)
.FVom Colonel Boyd at Pilot Knob, to General CurfU at
Camp Benton, s&owingthat Boyd had been left with ki$ com-
mand to guard road, post, arul send out train.
Pilot Knob, October 22, 18'>i.
To General Curtis : 9
I have sent two companies as escort to tiain for Fiedcr-
icktown. Two companies. just sstaitcd to guard bridge.* be-
tween tins and Big river, f have one hundred (100) men
here. I know of no other forces.
S. R. BOYD,
Colonel Commanding Post.
(No. 4.)
from Captain McKceoer to General Curtis, Camp Benton,
showing that the battle c.atneojj on ike 22(7 October, the day
after the order to withdraw,
Headquarters, October -23. 1801.
To Brigadier General Curtis, iienton Barracks:
Cofonnl C'ai/m left Pilot Knob Sunday. Attacked the
enemy }e.-terday and routed lum. The eighth Wisconsin
and Colonel iJoyd'.s Missouri volunteers, will remain for the
present at Pilot Knob. You will oider Colonel St. James
with his command to icrurn immediately to Benton bar-
racks. Orders will be issued at once sending his regiment
forward to Tipton.
By order; C. McKEEVER, A. A. A. G.
Mr. GURLEY. I merely wish to remark that
there had been ordered up to Pilot Knob by Gen-
eral Curtis two regiments and a battery of artil-
ery under Colonel Schofield. Had it not been for
the assistance of these two regiments and battery
of artillery, the battle of Fredericktown could not
have been fought, as will be seen by the foregoing
dispatches. When I saw the d ispatch No. 2, order-'
ing back this force to St. Louis, I presumed, of
course, that the battle was fought without orders;
and I cannot now explain the discrepancy be-
tween that dispatch and the general orders which
I have seen from General Fremont to advance on
the enemy from Cairo to Cape Girardeau. I
am satisfied that it was the intention of the com-
manding general to advance; and, probably, if
General Fremont had been in St. Louis at the
time, he would not have had that dispatch sent;
but, as the case stands, the order to send back to
St. Louh some two thousand men from Pilot
Knob, if General Curtis had obeyed it, the battle
of Predericktown could not have been fought, so
it appears to me.
Mr. SHANKS. I desire the consent of the
committee to make a few remarks.
Mr. ALLEN. I wish to ask gentlemen of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether there is
any disposition on their part to extend this de-
bate? If not, I shall not endeavor to thrust my-
self on the attention of the committee at this time;
otherwise I desire to make some remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The debate is
already closed. It is very dersirable that this bill
shall be disposed of to-day.
Mr. SHANKS. I desire only to make a few
remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. SHANKS. It is much easier for members
of the Mouse to defend themselves, and to defend
their friends, than it is for those who are not only
held under military discipline, bur are also re-
strained by the fact that they are before an inves-
tigating committee, whose every act is'secret, to
defend themselves when their character is assailed
all over the country, and assailed, too, by those
who should stand by them; but who, as has been
said here to-day, did not stand by them when the
buttle was coining on. I hold in my hand the tel-
egraphic dispatches concerning that battle of Pred-
ericktown, which 1 will ask to have published in
connection with these remarks.
The dispatches are as follows:
(1 ) [Vol. 5, p. 94.
(Special Messenger.) Pilot Knob, October 15, 1831.
Captain C. McKeevkr, A. A. G;
Jetl* Thompson is reported twooty-two miles oast, near
Faimington. I require two more, regiments if you can send
them. 1 will attack him and follow him up. His force is
estimated at three thousand, (U,000.) The- telegraph is
broken or cut, and 1 fear the railroad will be obstructed.
CAUL IN, Colonel Commanding.
( 2 ) [Vol. 5, p. 94.
Syracuse, October 15, 1H61.
Captain C. McKekver, A. A. G:
Rumor repoits the destruction of Long bridge on Iron
Mountain ioad, and the capture by the enemy of its guaid.
General Fiemont is to-night twenty-live milcs'xouth oiheie.
Dispatches sent to me can iench him by expio^s from this
place. McKJNSTJtY, Bi igadicr Genciul,
( 3 ) [Vol. 5, p. 100.
Bentqv Barracks, October lb. 1861.
C. McKekver, A. A. G;
Who commands south of St. Louis comity > Important
reports are coming to me Thompson was at Big River
bridge. ^ SAMUEL R. CURTIS,
Brigadier General Commanding.
( 4 ) [Vol. 5, p. 101.
St. Louis, October 15, 1861.
Brigadier General Grant, Cairo, Illinois:
Jeff Thompson, with between two and three thousand
men, is at Fai miugton, twenty miles ea-n of Iiontou. Send
as larg" a foiee a* you can from Cape Giiaideau, in the di-
rection of Ironton, oi Pilot Kuob, to cut oft'ins letreat into
Ai kansas.
By order of Major General Fremont.
McKEEVER, A. A, G.
( 5 ) [Vol. 5, p. 102.
Camp Bewton, October 10, 1861.
C. McKeeveu, A. A. G.:
The remainder of the (8th) eighth Wisconsin went to
depot eaily this morning. Boyd's is about ready ro move ;
is delayed for want of wagon-;, but will -oon move down.
S. R. CURTIS, Brigadier General.
(6) [Vol 5. p. J02 
Camp Benton, October 36,1861.
c. McKkever, A. A. G.:
Have detailed Captain Spoore's company, Dodge's light
battery, and the captain, to go forthwith.
S. It. CURTIS, Brig. Gen. Com.
[Vide No. 5.] ( 7 ) [Vol. 5, p. Ul.
St. Louis, October 16, 1861.
Brigadier General Curtis, Benton Barracks:
Colonel Carlin is in command south of St. Louis county.
Ilis headquarters are at Pilot Knob. Send six days' pro-
visions with Colonel Boyd's regiment. Have the remainv
ing companies of the eighth Wisconsin left this morning ?
Thompson is at Farmington. Answer how soon troops can
be at depot. C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
[FuteNo.6.] (8) [Vol.5,p. 111.
St. Louis, October 16,1851.
Brigadier Generaf Curtis, Benton Barracks :
Have one of tiie companies of light artillery under your
command equipped immediately. You will make requisi-
tion upon Major Allen and Captain Callunder for everything
that is necessary. Please notify me which company you
intend equipping.
By oYder oi'Geneial Fremont.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. <?.
( 9 ) [Vol. 5, p. 113.
Headquarters, St. Louis, October 16, 1881.
Colonel Carlin, Pilot ICnob:
Two regiments are ordered to join you forthwith.
By oider of C. McKeevcr, Assistant Adjutant General.
R. RUSH 1'LUMLEY, Major and A. D. C.
(10) [Vol. 5, p. 191.
Headquarters, Western Department,
St. Louis, October 16, 1861.
General Grant, Commanding at Cairo :
Send one o/two squadrons of cavalry and one or two sec-
tions of light artillery to Cape Girardeau to the support of
the movement againt-t Thompson.
By order of Major General Fremont.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
( 11) [Vol. 5. p. 106.
Cairo, October 16, 1861.
C. McKekver, A. A. G.:
Your first and second dispatel^jjpeceived. In my order,
in obedience to your first, I oidered all yourequiie in your
first and second.
V. S. GRANT.
(12) [Vol. 5, p. 41.
St. Louis, October 16, 1861.
To the Commanding Officer of
First Rfrssouri Light Artillery, Jefferson Ban acks:
Send Major Schofield with one company of light artillery
to Pilot Knob at the earlie&t possible moipent.
(12) [Vol. 5, p. 118.
Jefferson Barracks, October 16, 1861.
Captain McKeever, A. A. G.:
Major Schofield is in the city; an officer wil.l go to him
immediately. A company wiil be prepared to move as
soon a-, possible; but as yet they have no harness. In all
other icspeets they are ready.
( 13 ) [Vol. 5, p. 130.
Jefferson Barracks, October 17, 1861.
Captain McKeever, A. A. G.:
Your dispatch has been communicated to the command-
ing officer of the first Missouri artillery, and he reports that
it is impossible for the battery to move to-night, the harness
i< not fitted fo the horses and cannot be belorc to-moriow.
The rum and guns can go, but they would be useless without
the horses. The caissons are for six-pounders, and the
twelve-pounders that cannot be packed in them. It seems
it would be impossible for the battery to move before to-
morrow.
( 14 ) [Vol. 5, p. 143.
Headquarters, St. Louis, October 10, 1861.
Major Schofield, Jefferson Barracks:
Can't you get off this evening? You could go as far as De
Soto and wait until morning. Itisvery nece^saiv. Answer.
C. McKEEVER, A A. G.
Other telegrams of a similar natme passed, vide vol. 5.
( 15) [Vol. 5, p. 143.
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, October 17, 1861.
Colonel Doyd, De Soto :
Encamp by the Big River bridge and lcmaiu there for the
pie^ent Major Kappner will go down to-mnnow with
workmen. Detach two companies to the place he will
show vou. C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
To be forwarded to Colonel Bojd if he is not theie.
( 16 ) [Vol. 5, p. 137.
St. Louis, October 16, 1861.
Brigadier General Harding, Pacific or Franklin:
Pioceed at once to attack the tebels. Take command in
person. Your pie&cnce is not icquired in St. Louis until
alter you have touted the enemy.
By oider of Major General Fremont.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
( J7 ) [Vol. 5, p. 133.
St. Louis, October 15,1831.
Major General Fremont, Tipton:
I have sent two regiments to reinforce Colonel Carlin,
who will attack Jetf. Thompson and I hope rout him.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
( 18 ) [Vol. 5, p. 151.
Sr. Louis, October 17, 1861.
Lieutenant Colonel Joins Mills, Big Hicer Budge:
At Icatitfoureompaniod ot the eighth" Wi>cou-*in ot what-
ever regiment maybe nearest at hand, should icmmn to
guard the workmen and bridge while n is being rebuilt.
The remaindei of the troops should proceed at once to Iron-
ton or Pilot Knob.
C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.
