2556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
ance conipaniee as they exist in the country, are
got up in this way: they insure nothing but the
property of theirown members from fire, for every
man that takes a policy is a member. In the next
place, they never take in any money at all, with
the exception that the clerk charges, say fifty
qents, for making out the policy. They have no
money except when there is a loss. Every man
takes, his policy and gives his note for the pre-
mium money. Tliat note lies there; that consti-
tutes the capital. Whenever there is a loss, the
directors make out the assessment on these pre-
mium notes, ami each pays according to the size of
the notes he gave and the amount he had insured.
There is to be no profit; there cannotbe any; there
is no capital; there is no money about it, except
to pay their losses. Now, here is a tax of three
per cent, upon what they are to contribute to pay
somebody's loss, and the greater the loss the
greater is the tax. There are no profits in the con-
cern; there aie not to be any, and never can be any
in the very organization of the institution as such.
I ask what on earth can be the foundation for a
tax of that kind > it is strictly a mutual company;
it is nothing butan agreemcntamong themselves;
for instance, so many gentlemen agree together
that they will stand by each other in case of loss
by fire, and contribute when ithas occurred. That
is all there is about it; and why that which is
merely a private association for each other's sus-
tenance in case of trouble should be seized hold
of and taxed just in precise proportion to its loss
—not its gain—is to me very extraordinary. I
cannot agree to it. Is there an amendment pend-
ing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment to an amendment pending.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then 1 give notice that
in due time I shall offer a proviso that nothing
herein contained shall be construed to extend to
a company that is confined to 'insuring its own
members, and has no capital and no profits, and
never can have any.
Mr. SIMMONS. One word in reply to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. I think he is entirely mis-
taken as to the difficulty of ascertaining what
insurance offices have made. I was once a director
of a mutual office; not one exactly similar to the
company of which the Senator from Vermont has
spoken. There was paid in aBouttwo fifths of
what was supposed to be the fair amount of the
risk, and then we gave a premium note for the
remainder; and when the end of the year came
round we had a method of settling up accounts,
and charging the lisks of what we had to run off,
and ascertaining what was to be paid back to those
who were insured.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a fire insurance.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what he spoke of.
Mr. GRIMES. Hcspoke of marine insurance.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is just so in marine in-
surance companies. How do they divide? Some
of them divide every month. They have rules
about making up their accounts and declaring div-
idends just as any bank has; and it is just as easy
to estimate the amount of their profits as it is to
get at the profits of a bank, and they are just as
well known when they divide as when a bank di-
vides. There is no trouble about getting at the
profits any more than there is in estimating the
profits of a bank.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The amendment that I
shall propose when I have an opportunity, in or-
der to carry out the idea, is to make the clause
read:
That on the M day of October, A. D. 1862, and on the
first day of each quarter of a year thereafter, ihere shall be
paid by each mamie it^urance company, and by eacti in-
dividual or association en^a^ed in the business of insurance
fioin lots by the pei iN ol tin' .<, adutv of one and one half
per cent., and by each file insurance eomp.my, and by each
individual ot association en^a^d in the business of insur-
ance from io*s or damage by lite, a duty of three per cent,
upon the gross leceipts i'or premiums and assessments, See.
And then the Senator from Vermont can add
his proviso.
p Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand the ques-
tion that is now to be voted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pendingamend-
mentis the one submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts, striking out three5' and insert-
ing- i( one."
Mr. CHANDLER. I trust that that motion
wiii not prevail. We come back upon the basis
of taxation piecisely us we do m manufactures.
This three per cent, is not really a tax upon the
insurance offices. The argument of the Senator
from Connecticut proves too much. He says the
competition is so great that it is impossible for
them to put on this three per cent. Why is it so
great? Did you ever know a business that was
unprofitable in which the competition was very
great? He proves too much altogether.
Now, sir, in many of our western States we
have no fire insurance. In my own State there is
not a single company. Our State convention put
a clause in the constitution prohibiting the char-
tering of any incorporation; and we have not and
cannot have an insurance company. Connecticut
sends out agencies all over our State, and gathers
up a vast amountof money for insurance. If that
business is not profitable, how came the State of
Connecticut to go so largely into it ? I believe the
State of Connecticut has more capital invested in
insurance than any other State in the Union, ex-
cept New York. Certainly she transacts more
insurance business throughout the country than
any other State in the Union, not excepting New
York. I believe this business to be immensely
profitable. The very company of which he speaks,
with a capital of $1,500,000, if I am rightly in-
formed, never had but $15,000 paid in—ten percent,
on $150,000; and all the rest, save that $15,000, is
accumulated profits. Now, sir, insurance busi-
ness is, as I said theother day, precisely likeevery
other business. If it is well, judiciously, and pru-
dently managed, with a careful scrutiny over risks,
it is always profitable; if it is not, it is unprofita-
ble. I really think you have not in the whole
list of taxation one single item that can so richly
bear this three per cent, tkx as your premiums on
insurance; and I hope the amendment will not
prevail. 1 shall stand by the three per cent.
Mr. SUMNER. The question,as 1 understand
it, is now on striking out " three" and inserting
" one."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. In the discussion which took
place the other day, which I remember very well,
the two classes of insurance, marine and fire, were
treated alike; and I am not aware that the sug-
gestion was then made that a discrimination should
be made in favor of one rather than of the other.
That suggestion is now made by the Senator from
Maine. My own impression is, that the argu-
ment for the reduction of the tax is almost as
strong in the one case as in the other; at least, it
is sufficiently strong in both cases. I am unwill-
ing that there should be any discrimination be-
tween the two classes of insurance.
In reply to the letter which the Senator from
Maine read, which undertook to state the opin-
ions of those who represented the underwriters of
New York, I read one from a gentleman who
represents the underwriters o<£Massachusetts, and
in Massachusetts the business of insurance is car-
ried on upon as large a scale as anywhere in the
country. I think the number of underwriters is
greater, in proportion, in Massachusetts than in
any other part of the country. Now, a gentle-
man writes me, under date of May 17, as follows:
" I will only arid that throe per cent, upon the profits of
insurance companies, or one per cent, upon premiums?,
would, in my judgment, be a tax as large as any corpora-
tion tax, average profits, eonsideied, to be found in the bill."
And in a conversation with this gentleman, he
told me, that in his opinion the tax ought to be
one per cent, on the premiums,or three per cent,
upon the profits; and those two taxes, he said,
would be about alike. It was to carry out that
idea that I made the motion which I have sub-
mitted. I hope it will prevail.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Piesident, the tax pro-
posed by this bill on fire insurance companies is
heavier than they can bear. It will break them
down and ruin the business. The Etna Insur-
ance Company of Hartford is alluded to as being
the most prosperous, the mammoth corporation,
indeed, thatcan bear anything. Subject that com-
pany to this tax, and it cannot do business but a
few years. The gross income of that company in
18G0 was $1,865,094 73. Three percent, we pro-
pose to put on that to start with; which makes,
in round numbers, $54,000. That company di-
vided the same year, 1660, in dividends to then-
stockholders, $165,000. We propose to put three
per cent, on that. That, in round numbers, is
$4,900; very nearly five thousand dollars. That,
added to the $54,000 on the gross receipts, makes
$59,000. Then there is to be added to that the
amount which is fixed by the bill upon policies.
The House,I believe, proposed twenty-five cents;
I think the Committee on Finance of the Senate
have recommended ten cents. What that will
amount to, precisely, I have not the means of
knowing; for I do notknow what number of pol-
icies the company issue. But taking the year 1860
as the average year—and it was a prosperous year
to the company—this company, under this bill,
would pay a tax of over sixty thousand dollars
on dividends amounting to $165,000. I want to
know what company can continue to do business
on such a basis as that? And that, sir, is the
company of all companies most prosperous, the
Etnalnsurance Company of Hartford, which does
the largest business of any fire insurance company
in the United States of America; and that is the
result on that company in a prosperous year to
take$60,000 fromdividendsamounting to$165,000
only to their stockholders.
Now, sir, does it need to be argued that no com-
pany can liveundersuch a state of things as that?
Surely it does not. We need not stop to argue
the effect in ayear of adversity, when the receipts
may be just as great, but their losses so heavy that
they can divide nothing; and yet you will take
$60,000 from them when they divide not a cent.
Remember, we take $60,000 from them when they
divide $165,000 in a most prosperous year. It is
out of the question that that company, or any other
company, can live m this state of things. It can-
not be done.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The tax will be charged
to the insured.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment to the amendment; and
they were ordered. -
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FOSTER, after first voting in the affirm-
ative, said: I wish to change my vote. 1 vote
" nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 16, nays
20; as follows:
YEA?—Anthony, Rrownins, Davis, Dixon,
Hale. Harris, King, Latham, McDougall, Ncsmith, Rice,
Simmon;-, Stark, Sumner, Wilkinson, and Wilson ot Mas-
sachusetts—16.
NAYS—Mfssis. Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Doo-
httle, Fe.-senden, Foof, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Powell, Sherman, Ten Evxk,
Wade, Willey, YVilmot, and Wright—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will now move the
amendment I suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment in the section still pending not agreed upon.
It is the amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the clause inserted in Committee of the
Whole. Peihaps it would be difficult for the
Clerk to read it at night, and I will read it myself,
and then a vote can be taken upon it. 1 propose
to amend the clause inserted in committee, so as
to read as follows:
That on the 1st day of October, A. D 1865, and on the fir<=t
day of each quarterof a year thereafter, there shall be paid
bv each marine insurance company, and by each individual
or association engaged in the business ot insurance from
loss by the perils ot the sea, the duty of one aud one li ilf
per cent., and by each fiie insurance eomp.my, and by eacn
individual or association engaged in the bufeine&s iiis-nr-
ance front loss or damage by fire, a duty ot'thiee per cent,
upon the gioss receipt-* for premiums and a^es-menis by
such individual, association, or company duimg the quar-
ter then pieceding; and aline duty shall be paid by the
agent of any foreign insurance company having an office or
doing business within the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has stated the
reasons why he offered this proposition. I will
state that the amendment, as proposed by the
committee, was agreed to, I supposed, unani-
mously, after full consideration, and I supposed
that one of the points agreed upon was that there
should be no distinction between fire and maiine
insurance. There is no reason for it in my judg-
ment. I have conversed with a great many per-
sons in regard to marine insurance, and they
make the same argument for lowering the rates
as were made by the fire insurance compan.es.
Both claim that they cannot collect the tax from
the insured. The class of arguments by which
they attempt to lower the one is also used to lower
the other, and you cannot draw a distinction be-
