1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
contemplated in. this bill that that road must be
constructed between the thirty-ninth and forty-
third parallels of latitude, and upon the most di-
rect, central, and practicable route between those
parallels, due regard has been had to commercial
considerations and a connection with the great
lines of railroad communication now existing.
Thus, the fork of the road starting from the west-
ern boundary of Iowa, with the Hannibal and
St. Joseph connection, connects with the lines of
road running through Springfield, Chicago, Mil-
waukee, Detroit,Cleveland, Buffalo,all the cities
on the lines of the lakes and in central New York,
as well as the New England States. The connec-
tion at Kansas City takes in St. Louis, Vincen-
nes,Cincinnati, Louisville, Indianapolis, Colum-
bus, Pittsburg, Wheeling, Harrisburg, .Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, Washington, &c. Liberal grants
of land have already been made to roads through
Minnesota, and the road already projected under
those grants, from St. Paul to Sioux City, will
bring Minnesota into connection with the Pacific
railroad; while Wisconsin is already partially sup-
plied with railroads that connect with the system
of lake railroads to which I have adverted. Yet,
sir, notwithstanding these ready and equitable
connections with the great railroad systems of the
country, and all parts of it, the branches proposed
in the bill to effect these connections arc short and
simple, and obtained at a less cost than any which
have heretofore been considered by Congress.
Such connections are necessary, not only to yield
.the highest commercial advantages to the country,
but as feeders over which matenals shall be trans-
ported to construct the main road.
The theory upon which this bill proceeds, that
aid must be granted by the General Government,
will not be questioned by any gentleman who
expects to see this work completed during this
generation. You cannot organize a company to
undertake this work without substantial aid from
the Government. By a communication laid upon
our tables from the President, in response to an
inquiry of the Senate, giving information upon
the railway systems in France, we learn that the
Governmenlextends its aid by the issue of bonds
for railroads, and has thus developed a vast net-
work of roads, traversing the whole empire, which
roads pay well upon the investment, reimburse
the Government, and develop the resources and
business of the regions they traverse. In my
fbrmei remarks, I called theattention of the House
to the extensive system of uulroads being built
in Russia and British India by Government aid,
making the power of those Governments impreg-
nable against foreign aggression or internal dis-
content. Oar Government only, with territory
equally extensive and exposed with that of Russia
or the British Indies, and far more than that of
France, seems indifferent to the future, either as
bearing upon the increase of our national wealth
or defense, for it has these many years neglected
to use the obvious means to mcrcase that wealth
or to provide for the national defense. Is distant
India more important to England, or the Crimea
to Russia, than oar Pacific possessions are to us?
I will here remark, by way of parenthesis, that
our minister at the Court of St. James says, m a
dispatch accompanying the information concern-
ing the French system of railways, that—
" We shall find <u the close oi' thi*- war one half of our
cotton biMiios h.e- been u.uusfyjrctl to India. Soon, too,
Uu-^t.in {o, (K will he opened tlnongh the whole region ot
the Tone None, I'mio the Black sea to the B,i!ue, which,
from it^ rich bottomlc.-s soiN, will yield incalculable quan-
titie^ of food now maecc*5? >ble. Fiance is piutunghei lad-
way system down into Spam,and m conceit with that Gov-
ernment i < opuniMg up va-t ie«ions hitheitn uncultivated,
which would giow wheat etioush lo (eed all Ihir^pc. In
these ways our expoi t tiudo is ^eium^ly tin eai coed, and can
only be prcaetved bv a i ail way bj-tem piopoinoned to the
magnitude of our teintoiy and its mutual nvotiree-*, by
which ever} thing that the induftiy of the countiv can p>o-
duce can have, its maiket. The union of the Pacific and
sea-board Slates hv an iron ioad never appealed so clearly
a national necessity as, it has -ance the iccent thieatened
rupture with England. The fast und inemtublc r< suit of- a
waruith any great naval Poicci would be the loss of our Cal-
ifornia possessions.
■' Whatever may lmve been the traditional pohry of the
Government heretotoic, some e?my. sure, and rapid com-
munication between the Atlantic and the Pacific i> now a
subject of Mich dnect national concern that the Govern-
ment must charge ltsell with tho execution of it without
much delay,"
thereby announcing the views I have endeavored
to enforce upon this floor. I ask gentlemen but
to glance at the jail way policy of the English Gov-
ernment in India, und of the Russian Government
within its dominions, where thousands of miles
of railroad have been constructed by the aid of
those Governments, to cement their vast empires,
and develop the commercial capacities of their do-
minions, We ask nothing novel when we claim
Government aid in an enterprise that will add to
the stability of the Government, settle up its un-
productive lands, develop the resources of the
country, and enable it to*defend the integrity of
its territory. Tho only question that can arise
is as to the best method of granting the aid that it
is the interest and duty of tho Government to
furnish. It has been decided by the votes of many
gentlemen before me that the proper method is by
the issuance of bonds of the Government, bearing
a reasonable interest, and payable sufficiently far
in the future to insure the completion of the road
before their maturity. I believe, sir, that aid ex-
tended in that manner will construct the road. By
this bill we provide for the issuance of bonds—
not enough, it is true, to build the road—but gradu-
ated in amount per mile to the character of the
country over which the road passes, so that the
aid is small where the work is comparatively easy,
and larger where mountain ranges must be sub-
dued, and wc provide for security to the Govern-
ment for its expenditures and for a repayment by
transportation of mails, troops, and munitions of
war, and also by dedicating a portion of the. net
earnings of the road. I say we do not appropri-
ate enough to construct the road, for $60,000,000
will not build such a road. But we make it an
object for capitalists to embark their own means
in the undertaking by the aid we furnish. We
insure a proper application of the national funds
by requiring a section of a given number of miles
to be fully completed, and furnished in every re-
spect, before we issue any bonds or furnish any
aid whatever; and so on until the road is com-
pleted. Capitalists who build the road do not,
under this bill, have the funds of the Government
to speculate upon. Tlicy must use their own
money to build the road, and are paid only as sec-
tions are fully completed. It matters not what
any given section may cost, the aid the Govern-
ment will furnish is limited fn the bill. Such a
system guards against abuses and jobs. It insures
a speedy and economical construction of the road.
1 call attention to another feature of this bill, as
bearing upon the present capacity of the Govern-
ment to embark tn this enterprise. Gentlemen
have sometimes talked as if we designed to put
our hands into the Tieasmy, now that it is de-
pleted by an expensive conflict,and abstract there
from fifty or sixty millions of dollars. We design
to do nothing of the kind, and such will not be the
operation of this bill. In the first place, no pay-
ment of the principal of these bonds will be re-
quired under thirty or forty years, when the coun-
try will have swelled in population to a hundred
millions, and our wealth will be fourfold what it
now is;-.when this road will have been twenty
years in operation, and have created half a dozen
new States where uninhabited wilds now occupy
our territories', and when the trade of Asia poured
into our lap, and widely-extended commerce, by
its means, will have far repaid tho expenditures,
even if the companies constructing the road shall
not, before that tune, have paid up the loan by the
means provided m the bill. And it is also an error
to suppose that the interest upon this amount is to
be paid now or presently. The bonds will be is-
sued slowly,fewata time,asthe work progresses.
It will be probably two years before any bonds
will be issued, for surveys have to be made, and
preparations for woik, and part of the road con-
structed, before any will be due. The whole
amount of interest to be paid up to 1866 will be
but §108,000, and up to 1867 but $504,000; and
when the road is fully completed, and we are ex-
periencingall the security and commercial advant-
ages which it. will afford, the annual inteiest will
be less than $4,000,000, and that sum will be but
gradually reached year after year. The War De-
partment has paid out, on an average, §5,000,000
per year, for the past five years, foi transposition
to the Pacific coast, and the mails cost $1,000,000
more at their present reduced rates. The saving
of tho Government would be two millions per year
on these items alone. 1 beg gentlemen who talk
of the exigencies of the times to observe that we
ask nothing of the Government for two or three
years to come, and how very little we ask at the
expiration ot that time. As this road progresses
west from the Mississippi, and east from Cali-
fornia, it will be available to the Government for
transportation; and I have no doubt that the ser-
vices it will render will very soon absorb the in-
terest money to be paid under this bill.
If gentlemen will take into consideration the im-
mense outlays by the Government for want of rail-
road facilities across the Territories, they would
better appreciate the propriety of these moderate
expenditures we now require. The Mormon war
cost millions to the Government—probably one
third the amount contemplated by this bill; and a
very large proportion of that cost was in the item
of transportation, and much of it on account of
the necessary delay in military movements with-
out railroads over such distances. That war never
could have occurred with a railroad across the
continent. With such a road you would avoid In-
dian wars, which cost millions to the Government,
through the territoriestraversed by it. You would
save the lives of citizens who now take their weary
way across those territories, falling victims often
to savage onslaught. Sir, you can follow the emi-
grant trail from Missouri to California, and never
lose your way, for the route is broadly marked
with the bones of men and beasts, of broken wag-
ons and abandoned property.
To illustrate my views fully upon the financial
workings of this bill, I have prepared a table of
the amount of bonds to be issued each year, until
the entire road is completed. It will be observed
that no payment of these bonds is to be made
under thirty years from their date, only the inter-
est upon them, as it accrues; and that their is-
suance is in fact, aside from their interest, a mere
loan of the credit of the Government. As they
are issued only for completed sections, which have
already been paid for by the cash of the compa-
nies, the Governments not interested in the ques-
tion whether they are worth in the hands of the
holders their face or a less amount. It is not com-
pelled to make good any deficiency, and it is se-
cured to the full amount of the face and interest
by a first mortgage upon the road, which will
have cost upon the average double the amount of
the bonds issued.
In the absence of positive information with re-
gard to the cost of the road through the Territo-
ries, the Curtis bill, without recognizing the ab-
solute difference in expense of respective sections
of the line, considered the work as being of equal
cost per mile, adding thereto a certain amount at
the crossing of each degree of longitude as com-
pensation for the increased outlay for transporting
iron, ties, and materials for construction, as the
road progressed from the two ends towards the
interior, thus: commencing at the eastern end
with $12,000 per mile, and increasing the amount
$3,000 per mile until the one hundred and ninth
meridian of longitude was reached. This made
the appropriation for the last degree of longitude
$48,000 per mile. It is well known that for the
fust six hundred miles the line passes over a com-
paratively smooth, level country, the real diffi-
culties of the work only commencing when the
Rocky mountains are reached. So, upon the west-
ern end, tho real difficulties of the woik commence
at the western base of the Sierra Nevada mount-
ains in California, the passage of which compre-
hends the most difficult and expensive portion of
the whole road. In fact, the cost of crossing these
mountains has, until recently, been a matter of
speculation. Recent surveys, however, have de-
monstrated, not only their feasibility at reduced
grades, but have furnished data for a correct esti-
mate of the cost of the same, all of which has been
taken into consideration in determining the rela-
tive amounts of appropriations per mile.
Under the provisions of this bill, the amount of
bonds proposed to be issued are $16,000 per mile.
Upon reaching the base of the Rocky mountains
from the east, and the base of the Sierra Nevadas
from the west, this amount is trebled for one hun-
dred and fifty miles, making $48,000 per mile for
that distance, which includes the most difficult and
expensive portion of the road.
Between these two points, and through the in-
teiior or great basin, where the line passes over
a rolling, hilly country, intersected by numerous
streams, this first-named amount is doubled,mak-
ing $32,000 per mile.
it is believed that this appoi tionment of appro-
priations conforms more closely to the absolute
cost of the different sections of the line than that
