1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7?
37th Cong....2d
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
we are veiy much mistaken if Tennessee will not heartily
cooperate.
" Conservative men from all parts, botl) North and Soutl),
will join her standard tostay the fratricidal hand which ia
now being raised in anger and fan."—Louisville Demo-
crat, Jipril 19,18G1.
££ One other feature of these speeches of Mr. Lincoln find
we shall, for the present, have done with him. At Indian-
opolis he, by the most direct indiiection, threatened the
southern States with piactical coeieion, and the country
with speedy civil war. At Pittsburg he distinctly stated
that the Chicago platform, as regarded the tariff and sla-
very, would be sacred law to his administration, and at no
other point has he retracted or essentiailj' modified these
positions or assertions. The countiy mav, hereafter, re-
gard coercion and 110 more slave tmitory as the settled
policy of his administration. It' it comes to that, and the
issue is simply submission to that policy or disunion and
war, Kentucky will accept the issue. And Mr. Lincoln
might as well know, once lor all, that Kentucky takes war
with all its fearful consequences;. And when wai come?,
no intelligent son of the Commonwealth can for a moment
doubt in which direction the hostile batteries of Kentucky
will be pointed, upon what soil the steady uamp of heun-
vading battalions will be heard, or in whose bosoms the
keen blades of her conquering swords will be flashed. Let
Mr. Lincoln and his abolition myrmidons, whoso valiantly
press him on to 1 no compromise' and war, consider weil
these things, and bewaie in time, while yet the dangeis
they suggest are not at their own doors."—Louisville Dem-
ocrat* February 24, 1861.
"Theie are some principles born with the people of this
country, oi inculcated from the cradle, and one is, that all
Governments derive their just powers from the consent of
the governed. When whole communities will notconsent,
what is to be done ? Shall they be forced ? We shall not
discuss the right of secession. It docs not come into the
case. Deny it, and the difficulty remains. If whole com-
munities ate forced to submit, how shall itbe said that the
powers of the Government over them is derived fiorn the
consent of the governed ? Besides, when war begins, where
will it end? Will it not defeat forever the object, ihe res-
toration of this Union. We are satisfied it will. Time and
the policy of conciliation will lestore all that islost. Foice
will destroy all hope of such a result.
" Tt is too late to talk of coercion in any shape ; it is com-
promise or wai if coercion i-s attempted. Lincoln mustsee
this; and if ho does not, his advisers, some of them, cannot
fail to see it. We aie told of the tlne.it* ol those seceding
States; Imt they threaten because they appiehend coer-
cion."—Louisville Democrat, February k23, 1861.
Mr. Prentice and Mr. Harney, the editors of
the Journal nnd Democrat, are both gentlemen of
eminent ability, and have great influence in form-
ing public opinion in Kentucky. Both of these
journals at one time opposed coercion, and ap-
proved the action of the Governor in refusing to
obey the call of the President for troops in April
last.
I could give you several other extracts from the
same papers, but I shall not take up the time of
the Senate by doing so.
I have now shown you, Senators, distinctly the
record of the Union party in Kentucky on this
subject. I have shown it by their meetings, by
their legislative resolves, by their addresses, ana
by their political journals. I have shown it to be
precisely in accordance with the votes that I gave
here at the called scssionof Congress; and yet my
colleague says that I have niisrepiesented the peo-
ple of Kentucky. What evidences have you of
it, sir? Here were these resolves of the Legisla-
ture unrepealed at the time I cast those votes.
Here were those resolutions and addresses of the
Union mass meetings unrevoked. It was in ac-
cordance with those resolutions and with the
express will of Kentucky, as declared by resolu-
tions unrepealed on the statute-book, that I cast
those votes in July last. I do not believe that the
honest, bold, chivalrous people of Kentucky,
when they see the whole facts, will be willing to
censure me for doing what I had reason to believe
was the will of the people of my State, expressed
in every form in which the public will could he
conveyed to a public servant.
The Senate will bear in mind the fact that it was
not until after the 10th day of September last that
the Legislature of Kentuckyabandoncd neutrality.
I regret very much while on this subject of neu-
trality that I have not a letter written by my col-
league after he made a visit some time in April or
May last to Mr. Lincoln. Mr. Warner L. Under-
wood, who visited the President about the same
time, wrote a letter also. I have an extract here
from Mr. Underwood's letter which I will read,
and if my recollection is right, it is about the same
in substance with the letter of my colleague. I
must say, however, that my recollection of my
colleague's letter is very general and indistinct. I
regret 1 have not been able to obtain a copy of it.
Mr. Underwood says:
" In reference to Kentucky, Mr. Lincoln told me he hoped
Kentucky would stand by the Government in the present
difficulties; but if she would not, that, let her stand still and
take no hostile pau against it, and that no hostile step should
tiead her soil. This is also true with Missouri."
My recollection of my colleague's letter is that
Mr. Lincoln would acquiesce in Kentucky's neu-
trality. I may be mistaken in that, however, as
I have no very distinct recollection of it. I read
it hastily when it appeared in the newspapers, I
think some time in May last.
Now, Senators, having disposed of the subject of
the neutrality of Kentucky, with your permission
1 shall address myself brief! y to the specific charges
contained in the pending resolution agairvst me.
I think my colleague himself, as one of myjudges,
ought now to be satisfied that I have not misrep-
resented the will of the people of Kentucky. The
vindictive manner in which he assailed me I sup-
pose resulted from his character as prosecutor;
but I have a right to appeal to his calm and dis-
passionate reason in his capacity as judge to know
if I have not shown, by the most incontrovertible
documentary testimony, that I did act in accord-
ance with the will of the people of Kentucky, as
made known to me in every form. If he would
divest himself of his prejudice, I might yet have
some hope of obtaining his vote against this res-
olution; but I do not think I shall; his prejudices
are too deeply rooted to be overthrown by any
array of facts, however convincing and irresisti-
ble they might be to an unbiased or unprejudiced
mind
Let me notico for a moment the resolutions of
the conventions that were alluded to by my col-
league yesterday. I shall very briefly notice those
resolutions, for I have now spoken longer than I
intended to do. The resolutions of the meeting
in the county of Henderson contained one clause
approving the proclamation of the Governor, and
that was criticised by my colleague. The Gov-
ernor of Kentucky was only faithfully carrying
out the neutrality of the State assumed by the Le-
gislature. My colleague also read a portion of the
proclamation of the Governor. I will read the first
part of that proclamation to show what the Gov-
ernor's meaning was:
" Whereas numerous applications have been made to me
from many good citizens of this Commonwealth, praying
me to issue a proclamation foibiddmg the maich of any
lorecs ot tin* or any other State or Suites over our soil to
make an appiehended attack upon the Federal forces at
Cairo, in Illinois, or to diftuih any otherwise the peaceful
attitude of Kentucky with reference to the deplorable war
now waging between the United States and the confederate
States; and whereas numerous applications from like good
citizens of this Commonwealth have also been made tome,
piaying me to issue a proclamation forbidding the occupa-
tion of any post or place or the march over our sacred soil
by any foice of the United States for any purpose; and
whereas it is made fully evident, by every indication of
public sentiment, that it is the determined purpose of the
good people of Kentucky to maintain, with eourngeous firm-
ness, the fixed position of self-defense, proposing or intend-
ing no invasion oi aggression towards any other State or
States, foibiddmg the quartering of troop** upon her soil by
eithei of the hostile sections, but simply standing aloof from
an unnatural, hotiid, and lamentable s-mfe, foi the exist- :
encc of whieh Kentucky, neither by thought, word, nor act,
is m any wise icsponsible; and whereas the policy thus
recommended by so many of my fellow-citizens of ail po-
litical leanings is, in my judgment, wise, peaceful, * ife, and
honoiablo, and the most likely to presoive peace and aunty
between the neighboimg boidermg States on both shores of
the Ohio liver, and piotect Kentucky generally from the rav-
ages of a deplorable war; and whoieas the aims d^tubuted
to the ' .State guard,"1 composed as it is of gentlemen equally
conscientious and honest, who e'ntertain the opinions of
both parties, are not to be used againstlhe Federal Govern-
ment nor the confederate Slate?, but to resist and prevent
encroachments upon her soil, her rights, her honor, and her
sovereignty, by either of the belligerent parties, and to pre-
serve the peacc, safety, prospenty, and happiness and stiict
neutiality of her people, in the hope she may soon have an
oppoitumty to become a successful mediator between them,
and in Older to remove the unfounded dhtiustand suspi-
cions of purposes to foice Kentucky out of the Union, at the
point of the bayonet, which may have been strongly and
wickedly engendered in the public mmd m legard to my
own position and that of the 1 State guard.5 "
That shows that the Governor had but one pur-
pose in issuing the proclamation—that was to pre-
serve the neutrality of the State. One reason that
caused him to issue it was to prevent the march-
ing of troops across Kentucky to attack the Fed-
eral troops in Cairo, Illinois. The Governor states
that in the proclamation. He speaks particularly
of that. Then he forbids troops being marched
through Kentucky by either contending party,
and asserts the neutrality of the State—a doctrine ;
that had been proclaimed by the Legislature and
by all the mass meetings of the Union men, as i
well as southern rights men, throughout the Com-
monwealth. The Governor's proclamation is
dated May 20, 1861.
My colleague states that one of the objects of
the convention at Frankfort, on the 10th of Sep-
tember, was to intimidate the'Legislature. Allow
me to say to my colleague that the Legislature
was composed of many gentlemen of eminent
ability—men who could not be intimidated—and'
I svill venture the assertion that not a delegate to
that convention ever thought so poorly of the
Legislature as to believe they could be intimi-
dated. The members of the convention had«too
much respect for the intelligence and manhood of
the Legislature to harbor such a thought for a
moment. I regard the charge of intimidation as
unjust, both to the convention and to the Legisla-
ture.
My colleague stated yesterday to the Senate
that eight or nine months ago a majority of the
people of Kentucky, if the question had been sub-
mitted to them, would have gone South. How
does he reconcile that statement with the asser-
tion that I misrepresented the people by entertain-
ing sentiments that were too strongly southern,
in the session of Congress that commenced on the
4th of July last—more than eight months since ?
The larger num ber—nearly all—of the votes given
and speeches made about which he complains,
were made before the 20th of July last, the date
of the battle of Bull Run.
There was one resolution passed in the Hen-
derson meeting that my colleague did not put in
his indictment, for he carefully culled them. He
only used those that he thought would induce the
Senate to vote with him. That resolution is this:
"That all honorable efforts for the conciliation of the
belligeient sections and the reconstruction of the Union
are desirable, and we will heartily sccotid and furthersucli
efloits."
There we distinctly declared that we would do
everything we could to reconstruct the Union.
Wc thought it could best be done by peace, and
hence we declared it. Wc were opposed to co-
ercion, and we so distinctly stated. 1 will say
here iu relation to that meeting tlmt I was merely
called to preside over it. It was called to nom-
inate a candidate for the Legislature. Resolutions
were passed with very great rapidity, and without
much notice from me. I have always been for
the reconstruction of the Union and for peace, and
opposed to coercion.
Then there was another resolution which my
colleague cited, and which I will now read;
" That the recall of the invading armies and the recog-
nition of the confederate States is the true policy to restore
peace and preserve the relations of fraternal love and amity
between the States."
That resolution does not contemplate a perma-
nent dissolution of the Union, as its very terms
show. It says, "in order to restore peace and
preserve the relations of fraternal love and amity
between the States,'' they advocate the withdraw-
ing of the troops. Then there was another reso-
lution, which I read a moment since, declaring
that we would do everything we could to recon-
struct the Union; that we would use every effort
for that purpose. But the whole intentand mean-
ingof that resolution was,that rather than attempt
to reconstruct by coercion, which was thought
could not be done, but if persisted in, would result
in disunion and eternal severance of the States of
the Union, it would be bettor to withdraw the
troops; in other words, that you should make
every honorable effort to reconstruct the Union by
peaceable adjustment and compromise; and if you
failed, then, rather than have a long, exhausting
civil war, acknowledge the independence of the
confederate States, and make as close a treaty of
amity and commerce as possible with them, and
perhaps in a short time both sections would find
by experience they could live more prosperously
united, and the Union would again bo recon-
structed with such constitutional guarantees as
would satisfy both the North and the South. That
is an idea I have heard advanced by many men
of ability and experience; that was the whole idea
of that resolution. The resolution speaks of re-
storing the relations of fraternal love. What
fraternal love could there be, if we were parted
eternally in separate and independent States? The
resolution manifestly contemplated a reconstruc-
tion of the Union; the terms of the resolution
