1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
whenever it appears that the .net earnings of the
entire road and telegraph, including the amount
allowed by the United States for services rendered,
after deducting repairs and the furnishing and run-
ning and managing the road, shall exceed ten per
cent, per annum, exclusive of the live per cent, to
be paid to the United States, Congress may re-
duce the rates of fare, if unreasonable in amount,
and fix and establish the same by law. Provision
is made against any unreasonable speculation in
the lands donated for the use of the road, and for
the transportation of materials; and the power of
amending the actm any particular, and of passing
any new act to insure a compliance with the intent
of this act is expressly reserved, so that no plea
of irresponsible privilege can be set up by either
of the companies named.
I believe, sir, that this bill is more perfect in its
provisions than any ever before submitted to the
attention of Congress. It is the result of much
labor and thought by the special committee; is
drawn in view of the experience that has accumu-
lated upon the subject; and after careful review
of the debates in both Houses at the previous ses-
sions of Congress. •
The passage of this bill at the present time,
"while it will not add to the financial burdens of the
country, but on the contrary will open a vast field
for future revenue, will evince more strongly than
any other act the confidence of Congress in the
future of the country, and show to Europe that
we can calmly and efficiently provide for the im-
provement of the nation, as well as energetically
repel rebellion against its legitimate authority.
Russia magnified its power as much by pushing
on its gigantic system of railroads during the ex-
pense and disasters of the Ciimean war, as it did
m driving back the invaders from its soil; and by
so doing it provided new guards for its future se-
curity, by the creation of means for the concen-
trating of troops and warlike stores at any point
* on its widely extended frontiers, and developed
regions before almost untraversed. Even so may
we become more secure and wealthier, and shosv
to the world that despotisms are not wiser or more
powerful than republics.
Most earnestly do I desire to return to my con-
stituents and say to them their wants have been
appreciated, their security insured, their love for
the Union not in vain. L>y a single act you can
send a thrill of joy through the Pacific States. You
can deserve the blessings of your now isolated
brethren upon the Pacific, and cause them to look
upon their share of the burdens of this war as not
drawn from them selfishly by those who care for
them only as customers and tax payers, but as
contributed to perpetuate the glory of a Govern-
ment that cares for their interests, and consults
them by practical measures for their advantage.
With u Pacific railroad San Francisco will be as
near the center of population as Chicago is to this
city. You can as easily defend itasyou can Port-
land. You will have opened new channels of trade,
created new States,encouraged emigration, turned
the wilderness to prosperous settlements, secured
the trade of Asia, bound together two oceans, re-
alizing in the fact the idea of the Persian who
sought to bind the Hellespont; and you will de-
serve for this Congiess the name of the wisestand
most far-seeing of any that has convened since the
formation of the Government.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion for the pres-
ent, that we may go into the House and postpone
the special order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We have occupied much
time in the committee to-day, and I propose to go
into committee again to-mouow upon this bill,
and piess it to a vote before we lise to-morrow.
The motion of Mr. Campbell was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the Pacific
railroad bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
PERSONS OF COLOR IN DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr, ROLLINS, of New Hampshit e, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill to repeal certain
laws and oidinances in the District of Columbia
relative to persons of color; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to move to post-
pone the special order—the Pacific railroad bill—
to a day certain ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that it be postponed
one week from Monday next.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the motion is not in order except by unan-
imous consent.
The SPEAKER. It has been held over and
over again by the present Speaker, as well as by
those who have preceded him, that a majority can
postpone a special order. The Chair, therefore,
overrules the point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope the motion
will not prevail. I have no disposition to hurry
the House to a vote.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This is a very important mat-
ter, and it ought to be investigated and studied.
It involves an appropriation of money, and I think
we should have a little time for consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is important, but it can
be considered carefully in committee to-morrow.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a point of
order; it is, that it is not in order for the House
to postpone a special order in the Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The committee cannot post-
pone it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Very true; but that
is not my point. The House cannot postpone a
bill which is not before it, but which is in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
except by a two-third vote under a suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER. It is the same point made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and the
Chair overrules it. It has been done repeatedly
this session.
Pending the question, on motion of Mr. VAL-
LANDIGHAM (atfouro'clock and ten minutes,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 10, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appioved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of South Danvers, Massachusetts, praying for the
abolition of slavery under the war power; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Massachusetts, approving the proposition sub-
mitted by the President of the United States in a
recent special message in favor of aid to those
States ^htch may adopt the gradual abolishment
of slavery; which were ordered to be printed, and
He on the table.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I present the petition
of H. B. Miller and twenty-five others, citizens
of Geneva, Jennings county, Indiana, for the un-
conditional abolition of slavery. They ask what
I suppose Congress has not power to grant; but
I am willing that our citizens should be heard,
even in their foolish requests. 1 move that the
petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of Clinton
Roosevelt, of New York, praying for an appro-
priation to construct works to enable him to test
his invention for the increased efficiency of can-
non and projectiles; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN piesented a memorial of the
American Wine Growers'Association, remon-
strating against the proposed tax on native wines;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LATHAM presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, remonstrating against
the taxation of mining claims for the financial
benefit of the General Government; in favor of
continuing the overland mail service, and that the
Federal Government transfer from the overland
route all printed postal matter other than the let-
ter mail to a steamship line, by way of the Isth-
mus of Panama, and, in addition, that the pony
express be restored; which were ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
PAVERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mary A. Moore, adminis-
tratrix of Jacob 13. Moore, late postmaster at San Francisco,
be takpn from the files of the Senate, and-referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the President pro
tempore was authorized to fill the vacancy upon
the Committee on Territories occasioned by the
absence of Mr. Johnson; and Mr. Lane, of Kan-
sas, was appointed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, Chief Cleik, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (No. 60)
extending the provisions of a certain act to all
the military departments of the United States;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 188) to in-
crease the efficiency of the medical department of
the Army, with an amendment; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 48) declaring that the United
States ought to cooperate with, affording pecuni-
ary aid to, any State which may adopt the gradual
abolishment of slavery; and it was signed by the
President pro tempore.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. A NTI-IONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a petition of German
citizens of New York, praying that thirty thou-
sand copies of the Agricultural Reportof the Pat-
ent Office may be printed in the German language,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, ftom the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
113) relating to the judiciary, reported it with
amendments.
^ Mr. SIMMONS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 269) to establish
a Department of Agriculture, to report it with
amendments. 1 propose to call the bill up on
Monday, if the Senate shall be willing to consider
it then.
VESSELS CAPTURED BY GENERAL BURNSIDE.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be diiected to re-
port to the Senate what disposition has heen made of the
vessels captured by General Burnside at Roanoke Island,
North Carolina.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, gave notice
of his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
amend an act, approved September 18, 1850, en-
titled "An act to amend and supplementary to
the act entitled ' An act respecting fugitives from
justice and persons escaping from the service of
their masters,' " approved February 12, 1793.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.267) to
incorporate the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
THOMAS SUNDERLAND.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to call up the bill (S.
No. £47) for the relief of Thomas Sunderland and
others, on which there is an adverse report, merely
for the purpose of getting rid of it. I move to take
it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
STEAMSHIP LINE TO CHINA.
Mr. LATHAM. As there seems to be no fur-
ther morning business, I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of bill No. 75.
It is the special order for one o'clock to-day; but I
do not wish to interfere with the confiscation bill,
