THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOIIN C. RITES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1SG2.
New Series....-.jN'o. 37 
streets, and fall into the hands? of men whose po-
sition will attach to them a substantial character,
which they do not now have. T approve of the
action which the Secretary of War has taken, in
this and many other matters, thus eaJy in his ad-
ministration of the War Department. I hope he
will be enabled to strike down all of the enormous
impositions practiced upon the Government.
I am in favor of encouraging, as I have already
said, the founding of armories winch will turnout
ail the arms which the Government will need,
whether it is upon a war footing or a peace foot-
ing. As I understand the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] this appropriation con-
templates simply working up to its highest point,
and giving full effect and facility for the manufac-
ture of arms at Springfield. I am in fcivoi of doing
that thing, and if the next section, which I have
not seen, but to which attention has been called,
looks to the establishment of a new armory, either
at Pittsburg, as it is advocated by my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] or m the State
of Illinois, or in any other part of country, for
the manufacture of arms for the Government, I am
for that appropuation.
The question was taken on Mr. ICellogg's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to increase
the appropriation, for the purpose of saying that
I am as much disposed as any g-entleman upon
this floor to seo an armory established west of the
Alieghanymountainsjbccause I believe that there
is a necessity for the crection of an armory in that
section of our country. I will give mv vote cheer-
fully for any such measure. 1 am not, however,
in favor of creating«a necessity for any such Gov-
ernment establishment. I think that this appro-
priation of §150,000 to extend the usefulness of
the Springfield armory is a proper one. The pro-
duction of that armory can be increased largely
at a much loss expense than we can build a new
armory in the West. If there is not a necessity,
independently of the Springfield armory, for the
establjshnientof an armory in the West, I am not
m favor of having it at all. I am for making this
Springfield armory as useful as possible. I am
awar a, sir, that no armory can be established in
the West at a cost of $1.50,000, which will pro-
duce as many arms, and put them into the hands
of our troops as expeditiously as this Springfield
armory. If there be no necessity for an armory
in the West now, 1 certainly am the last man
in favor of creating such a necessity. 1 am for
making tins appropriation, because 1 am in favor
of the Government making its own arms, and of
making them as expeditiously as possible. I do
not care to have arms purchased for the Govern-
ment in foreign lands, and 1 know that this Spring-
field armory can be made to furnish the arms
needed by thcGovemment much earlier than any
armory in the West.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Chairman, at the
extra session of Congress, we made a very large
appropriation for new buildings, and for additions
to the machinery at the Springfield armory. I
think that that was a proper appropriation, and
that it has been the souice of much benefit to the
country. I have been at that armory, and was
very much pleased at the manner m which the
Government work is there conducted. 1 think
that it has for its managei one of the best men in
the Army. I believe that Major Dyer is deserv-
ing of much credit for the skill and ability with
which he discharges his duties. Since the en-
largement of that armory it has been stated that
it 1ms a capacity sufficient to manufacture all_the
arms needed by the Government ot the United
States. I do not believe that. I for one do not
desire to cripple the Springfield armory. I think
that wo want all the arms that wc can manufac-
ture. I agree with the gentleman from New York
in hoping that the Govei nment will cut off all con-
tracts for the supplyofatms fiomabiuad. I be-
lieve that the guns made at the Springiield armory
aie the very best in the world. I believe that
they are recognized by military men as the very
37
best guns in use. I think that there are cogent
reasons for the establishment of an armory in the
West; and, at the proper time, 1 will take much
pleasure in submitting them to the House. I
merely make the-statement in reference to tins ap-
propriation which I have made that we mny not
hereafter be estopped, by the enlargement of the
Springfield armory, from pressing upon the atten-
tion of the House the establishment of an ai mory
west of the Alleghany mountains. I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read for the consideration of
the House a letter from the ordnance depai tment,
asking an appropriation to work the Springfield
armory to its fullest capacity.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Ordnance Office,
Washington*, July L'5, 1861.
Sir: Uudor a Mantling rcaukition of the VVar Depart-
ment, prohibiting thiect cotie^pondencc between commit-
tees of Congiotb and the heads of bureaus, I have the honor
to send, through yuu, ihu following reply to the letter of
Hon. F. y. Blair*, of the 10th instant, which i.-s herewith
inclosed.
The present capacity of the national armory at Spring-
field, Massachusetts, is sufficient to tut n out three thousand
riile miibketsper month. The fui tlier expenditure nece^saiy
and contemplated to be made tor opcnmtig the armory to
its full capacity amounts to $.">32,000, which Mini is em-
braced in the estimates recently submitted to Con^rf^, and
which it is consideied accessary to have appropuated.
Very respectfully, \our obedient servant,
JAMES \Y. llll'LEY, .
Brevet Brigadier General.
Hon. Simon Cameron, Secretary of War.
Mr. MOORHEAD. From this it appears that
the appropriation then asked for was to operate
the armory to its full ciparity. Why ask for more
now ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend by adding
two dollars to the amount of the appropriation
contained in the bill. I make the motion merely
as a formal matter, as every one will understand.
I feel that it really is trifling with the attention and
seiiousncss of the House to be raising this ques-
tion at the piesent time; and especially do I feel it
to be so when tins agitation comes fiom gentlemen
who seem to be so much m fear lest the appropri-
ation absolutely necessary, as considered by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and as the De-
partment has certified it to be, shall stand in the
way of the ultimate establishment of the armory at
the West. I pray to inquire of the gentlemen who
have been so determined and intent upon the es-
tablishment of such an armory, when that matter
was referred to a special committee ? It was some
time during the extra session, and it was supposed
that some conclusion would be arrived at, at least,
during the present generation. I now ask the gen-
tleman who is chairman of that armory commit-
tee, and who has now moved to strike out this
appropriation, what steps have been taken, how
many meetings have been held, and whether it lias
been possible until within the last foi tnight to get
thatcommittee together to considerevcn the taking
of preliminary steps? If that is to be the rate ot
progress towards the establishment of a new arm-
ory, I pray the gentleman, in his ciphering, to tell
when that armory will be able to furnish its quota
of the arms which this Government desires ?
It is not necessary for me to say a word in eu-
logy of that establishment m Springfield, ot which
everybody else has voluntarily and sojustlyspoken
well" It is known to everybody who knowsany-
thingabout the matter how much relief the coun-
ti y has experienced from this particular manufac-
tory. It is as true to the national inierest as Mas-
sachusetts soldiers are true to the same inteicst.
Its production has been brought up from the man-
ufactuie of about two thousand guns a month,
which was the production one year ago this time, J
to the manufacture at tlfc present time of not less ;
than twelve thousand a month. And here let me i
| say, if theie is anything implied in the paper which ;
lias been read to the effect that there is a limited j
1 capacity to the armory at Sprmgfirkl, I wish it ,
i to bo understood now that when the proper time ,
I for the consideration of that question arrives, .
whether before the armory committee or before
this rnse upon a report of that committee, it
will bo fully demonstrated to the House, in my
judgment, that the capacity of that establishment
is unlimited.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
for the simple reason that I prefer to have the ap-
propiiation stand as it is in the bill; and I hope
the gentleman from Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
sylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] will withdraw his
amendment. My own belief is that this appro-
priation of $150,000 is necessary at this time for
the manufacture of arms to supply our Army.
We all know our deficiency in arms, and we aie
all glad to know that we have now a manufactory
which is capable of turning out so many arms,
and I am willing to make appropriations to give
it increased efficiency. But this appropriation is
not, as is supposed by some, to enlarge that es-
tablishment with a view to cut off the establish-
ment of an armory at the West, but to enable
them to turn out a further supply of arms. I hope
the amendment will be withdrawn.
But I do not think with the gentleman from-
Missouri, [Mr. Blaiii,] that only one armory is
necessary.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman mis-
apprehended me. I did not intend to say any such
thing.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I understood him to say
that until the necessity of another armory was
demonstrated he was opposed to establishing an-
other, but it seems I was mistaken. I am satis-
fied that when the report of the armory commit-
tee is made, the necessity of another armory will
be demonstrated, and then I hope gentlemen will
vote in favor of it. There is good reason why we
should have more than one armory. Suppose a
war with Great Britain, and a British army should
cut oil' Springfield from the rest of the country,
where would be our manufacture of arms ? Every
one will see, to use a homely expression, that it
will not do to have all our eggs m one nest.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, with a view to closing this debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Holm an reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union
had, according^o order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and especially the Army ap-
propriation bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that when the House
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, debate upowthe
pending section of the bill be closed in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVE-JOY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope we shall not adjourn.
Wo ought to dispose of this bill to-night. Weave
nearly through with it.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. " I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of tile Whole 011 the state of the Union, (Mr.
Holman in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the Army appropriation bill, the pending
question being on the amendment to the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Dki.ano.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely desire
to say very frankly that I unintentionally misled
the gonlIonian from Pennsylvania. This merely
relates to thesffmory at Springfield, and the other
clause relates to arsenals.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to ask the
gentleman funn Ma>saehuseUs who u'piesents
the Sprmgiiel.l district a question, in order to de-
termine whether ov not to withdraw my amend-
ment. I desire to know whether, it he gets this
appropriation of ^150,000 for the Springfield ai-
