1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and I think I can conclude what I have to say soon
after one o'clock, and then the Senate can go on
with that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 75) to establish a line of steam
mail ships between San Francisco in California,
and Shanghae in China, touching at the Sandwich
Islands and Japan, which had been reported upon
adversely by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
Mr. LATHAM. It is not necessary to read
the otiginal bill. Let the Secretary read the sub-
stitute which I have submitted, and now offer.
The PRESIDENT protempoic. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to strike out all after the enacting clause of
the bill and insert what will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That the Postmaster General be, and hereby is, author-
ized and directed to enter into a contiact, foi a term not
exceeding five ye,us, fot a sum not exceeding .$500,000 pel
annum, with such pei>on or petrous, being the lowest bid-
ders, otfeung sufficient and pati.-,factoiy security, after due
public notice, Tor the uanspoitauon of the United States
mails, upon the best temis lor the United Stated, monthly,
and in thiny-live davs, tiom San Fianciseo, California, via
the Sandwich Islands and Japan, in ca^e any poit of that
empire sh.ill be opened to the United States, to Shanghae,
in China, and bade, in steam ve^'ls of not less than two
thousand tons buiden, of the best foim of construction
adapted to the navigation of the Pacific ocean; and any
excess of the amount which may be confiacted to be paid
for this service over the aggregate of postages collected
therefor shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise apptopuatcd.
Sec. 2. And be \t further enactcd, That these mail steam
vessels shall be apptopnately armed and equipped as wai
steameis, in such niannei as the Secretaiy of the Navy may
direct; they shall each be commanded by a lieutenant of
the United States Navy, and while employed in canying
the mails as heiem provided, they shall be tcquued topio-
teel coinmeiee in their route between Shanghae and San
Francisco, in the same manner as if the said vessels were
wholly devoted to that service.
Mr, LATHAM. Mr. President, it may per-
haps seem strange that at a period like this, when
the country is engaged in a death struggle for the
maintenance of its integrity, its institutions, and
laws; when the Treasury is being strained, and
the people are about to be taxed to their utmost
capacity by the exigencies of a cruel internecine
war; when thousands and hundred of thousands
of brave hearts rush into battle to save the glori-
ous inheritance of the fathers of the Revolution,
the Senate of the United States should be called
upon to listen to a proposition such as is contained
in the bill now before it. The policy I am about
to submitto your consideration is not merely com-
mercial, and does not exclusively refer to naviga-
tion and trade. It is not merely one of material
interest in which your constituents and mine have
a large permanent share, but also one of sound
far-sighted statesmanship, and in a military point
of view of paramount necessity, if we intend to
put the most distant, and therefore the most ex-
posed, part of the Confederacy in a state of defense
against the possible aggression of a foreign enemy.
A line of steamers between San Francisco and
Shanghae, in China, is not only a commeicial de-
sideratum to California, but would also save time
and money to New York, Boston, and Philadel-
phia importers, and commissions which are now
earned by London bankers, through whose agen-
cies and £>y whose creditsour American merchants
now make their payments for goods purchased in
China, running constantly the risk of interruption
or an entire suspension of trade with that vast
empire should our relations with England cease
to be of that friendly character which, thus far,
it has been our mutual good fortune to preserve
and cherish. Before considering the present bill,
I desire briefly to allude to the first attempt made
by our enterprising ship owners in New York to
enter into serious competition with Biitish mer-
chants and navigatois for the transportation of
the mails and the carrying of passengers and val-
uable freights by fust class ocean steamships.
The proposition to carry the United States mail,
as well as troops and munitions of war, from New
York to Chagres and from Panama to San Fran-
cisco, and vice versa, stood alone. That line of
steameis had no foreign rival, and no domestic
one, until the Nicaragua and, Utter, the Tehuan-
tepeclinw were started, and of course realized large
profits while it aided m developing the inexhaust-
ible resources of our vast Pacific empire.
But the New York and Liverpool line, estab-
lished by the enterprise and perseverance of E,
K. Collins, had a fierce and deadly struggle to
encounter. Not only had he to compete with the
experience, mechanical skill, and nautical science
of his British rivals oftheCunard Steamship Com-
pany, but also against vastly superior associated
capital and the wise liberality of a Government,
which, by encouraging the private enterprise of its
subjects, develops its own strength and increases
its aggressive and defensive means. The Cunard
Steamship Company receives large subsidies from
the British Government, and receives them without
being obliged to renew its applications from year
to year, and without fighting a score of domestic
rivals to secure a permanent support. With a
company thus armed and equipped, and perma-
nently secured in the possession of its unrivaled
advantages, Mr. Collins had to contend; and
though his profits were not equal to those of the
British line, and though the American people did
not sustain him with the unanimity which on the
other side of the water insured the success and
amassed a fortune to the British line, yet his ships
were pronounced models of naval architecture,
superior in speed and accommodations to the ships
of his British rivals.
The support of mail steamers in all directions
and on every sea by Government aid has become
the settled policy of England, and vast are the
benefits which she derives from it, in the increase
of her wealth, in the extension of her commerce,
and in the overshadowing influence of her mari-
time power. We did, in an ill-fated hour, throw
away these advantages, but I trust we have seen
our error. If we now had a fleet of such steamers
as the Adriatic, the Baltic, and the Atlantic, what
advantages might we not have already derived
from them in this unfortunate civil war? How
much might not a fleet of such steamers have
shortened the period of its duration-, and how
many millions would have been saved to the Gov-
ernment and the people which have heenlavished
on knavish contractors and speculators? We
have seen what immense service these subsidized
; British mail steamers have been to England and
France m the Crimean war; how useful, nay m-
; dispensable, they have been as transports in con-
; veying troops from England and Fiance to the
| shores of the Euxine; and we have had the testi-
mony of so high a personage as the Emperor Na-
poleon, in his speech at the conclusion ofthe war,
that but for the facilities offered by these English
transports, such large bodies of troops, as the
allies were obliged to send to the Crimea, could
never have reached that classical soil in time to
make an impression upon it.
And what do we see now in our own interna-
tional struggle ? Are not the Collins and the Van-
derbilt line of steamers those on which the Gov-
ernment now relies with the greatest safety ? Are
they not the cheapest, the safest, and in all re-
spects, the most reliable of all the transports we
have in the service? Whereare there such steam-
ers as the Vanderbilt, the Baltic, and the Atlantic?
And have we not now reason to be thankful that
there was a period when our Government, with
statesmanlike forecast, resolved to have its mails
carried by national steameis, and its flag period-
ically displayed in the principal ports of the
world? And ought we not now to profit by the
experience of the past, and the example set us by
other nations, and establish permanently, as a
Government measure, lines of steam communica-
tions to carry our correspondence, our treasure,
our products, and our people under our own Hag
to the commercial marts of the world ? The war |
in which we are now engaged, has demonstrated ,
that, with our extensive sea-coast, it is princi- ;
pally tianspoi ts that we stand in need of—fast and !
safe sailors which can be relied on in all kinds of
weather.
For that important service, our mail steamers,
and especially those which are proposed in this
bill, if constructed and equipped as therein de-
scribed, will always be fit; and in answering that
purpose and regularly performing the mail and
passenger service for which they are especially
created, they ought to satisfy the demands of the
Government and the public.
The armament of these steamers is with a view
of rendering them serviceable in protecting our
flag in the China seas and the Indian Archipel-
ago—seas infested by pirates—and against all un-
lawful acts of the peoples and Governments of!
those distant countries/ To say that these fines
of steamers ought to be self-supporting, and not
in part at least a charge to^ the Government,"is to _
take a veiy short-sighted vlewfof the matter. •
Perhaps-if the whole were-left to" private com-
petition—if no other powerful GoverSrR&tt-tf&s
aiding and promoting the success of sdch- lifies
when established by its own subjects—we-might
leave it to the enterprise-and perseverance- of
our citizens to run a race with their English or
French rivals: But when we find all mail steam-
ship lines, wherever established, backed andsub-
sidized by their respective Governments* it'is
worse than idle to suppose that a company of pri-
vate citizens, unaided by Government support ill
our own country, may successfully compete with
them. It is with these mail steamers as it is with-
armies and navies of different nations. If one
nation increases i^s navy, the other, not wishing
to become inferior, is obliged to follow the exam-
ple, or subside into a power of less consideration
and political influence. The question is not what
is absolutely necessary, but what is relatively ne-
cessary, not to be distanced in the national race!
The mail facilities granted to its subjects by the
British Govern men thave been followed by France,
Austria, and Russia, who subsidize their respect-
ive lines of mail steamers in the Mediterranean,
knowing and fully appreciating the importance of
having those regular messengers and representa-
tives appear at shortest intervals in the principal
ports of that sea. It is by such means, rather than
by the blood and carnage of expensive and uncer-
tain naval battles, that France is steadily advan-
cing her interests in the Mediterranean sea, which
she hopes in course of time to make essentially
a French lake, in spite of the three British strong-
holds, Gibraltar, Malta, and Corfu, in the Ionian
Islands.
Let the Isthmus of Suez be pierced principally
by French enterprise, and you will immediately
see a line of French mail steamers plowing the
Red sea, and trading coastwise to Aden, Bombay,
Madras, and Calcutta. And yet, how small is
the commerce which France has to protect and
foster m comparison to our own! But the Gov-
ernment of France knows the importance of hav-
ing its business done by its own agents, and of
being in constant communion with all foreign
countries now at peace with herself. Regular
vessels of war are at best but slow messengers
of disaster or wrongs suffered by a nation's ships,
while a periodical mail communication is sure to
carry tidings within a specific period, and to lead
to promptreparation or relief. Now, ifthis course
of reasoningapplies to such small and inland seas
as the Mediterranean, how much more striking
must be its application to the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans! It is a melancholy fact, and has been
repeatedly reproached to us by British and French
writers and orators, that in spite of our large com-
mercial tonnage, the American Government has
had but little care to protect the interests of its
merchants and navigators. The China sea and
the Indian Archipelago are known to swarm with
pirates, yet how few vessels of war have we ever
had in commission in those seas; and where would
have been our ships, and their valuable cargoes,
if they had not been protected by the presence in
those waters of British, French, and even Dutch
vessels of war?
Until a very late hour we have not had ships of
war enough m commission to bear our share in
the international police of the sea; and yet, pre-
vious to the present civil war, our commercial ton-
nage was larger than that of every othernation on
the globe ! Now, ahneof armed mail steamships
such as is proposed in this bill, is the very best
means of establishing a maritime police, and of
protecting our navigation and commerce in every
ocean. Each ship would be a sentinel on the
watchtower, a picket thrown out to observe the
position or the advance of a foreign enemy. There
has certainly never been a time when these sen-
tinels were more necessary than now, when we
may at any moment be involved in a foreign war
or besetand molested by insurrectionary cruisers.
Mr. President, I look upon the establishment
of this line of armed steamships between San Fran-
cisco and Shanghae, in China, as a duty which
we owe to the people of the United States, in vir-
tue of that part of the Constitution winch makes
it imperative on Congress to provide for the na-
tional defense and the common welfare.
