1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
very great difficulties. This clause was before the
committee, and 110 motion was made to strike it
out by any member, but it was only proposed to
alter it as it has been done, and then it was agreed
to nem con.
Mi. McDOUGALL. I ask the chairman if I
did not object to it all the time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator made no mo-
tion to strike it out; he may have objected to it.
I do not want to take up time in talking. I find
that I have to fight everything through, and I have
almost every member of my committee endeavor-
ing to tear the bill to pieces to accomplish certain
purposes. The Senate may do as they please; if
we strike out this we shall next have to strike
out something else, and so we shall go on.
Mr. SIMMONS. I only asked the Senator if
he would consent to this.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I cannot.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not going to fight about
these calves. You may tax them five cents if you
please, but it is rather a small kind of taxation.
Mr. McDOUGALL called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biowmng, Carhle, Cowan, Doolittle,
Grimes, Harlan, llarri-s, Howe, Latham, MeDougall, Nes-
muh, Powell, Slieunan, Stark, Willey, and Wright—16.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Ciiamllei, Claik, Davis,
Dixon, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Howard, Kmc,
Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Rice, Simmons, Sumner, Teh
Eyck, Trumbull, and Wilson of Massachusetts—19.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the new clause inserted,
"on all calves and cattle under eighteen months
old, five cents," the words "slaughtered for
sale," after " cattle," were left out accidentally.
I move that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. Section seventy-three was stricken
out. I now move a section in lieu of it:
JJnd be it further enacted, That from and after the 1st day
of July, 1S62, there shall be levied, collected, and paid an-
nually by any person oi persons owning and holding for use
any gold or silver plate beyond fifty dollars' worth, three
pei cent.; on billiard tables, kept for use, twenty dollars
each.
I believe that the productiveness of this bill and
of every bill that has been suggested to the con-
sideration of either House of Congress, has been
greatly over-estimated. I have not the least be-
lief that, for the first year at least, the bill will
produce anything like the amount that has been
conjectured. It is very important that the Gov-
ernment should raise enough revenue in the first
bill that is passed by Congress. It is much easier
to reduce the amount that is raised by a tax bill
than it is to increase it. I venture to express the
opinion that if a tax bill were passed that should
be found deficient $50,000,000 in raising the neces-
sary amount of revenue to answer the purposes of
the Government, it would be an exceedingly dif-
ficult matter at a subsequent session of Congress
to bring up the rates to an amount that would pro-
duce the requisite sum. It certainly is a much
easier matter to reduce the amount of taxes pro-
duced by laws imposing taxation, than it is to
increase them. I hold that one of the legitimate
principles of taxation is to impose it upon what
is able to pay, and in accordance with that prin-
ciple, an imposition of taxes upon luxuries that
are consumed is among the most legitimate sub-
jects of taxation. The two subjects selected by
the section which I propose are luxuries. One,
to be sure, in addition to being a luxury, is a
gaming apparatus.
What will be the probable amount raised by
this section ? I take it for granted that the amount
of gold and silver plate in the United States sub-
ject to taxation by my amendment reaches some-
thing like $50,000,000, so that a tax of three per
cent, on that aggregate sum would produce
$1,500,000. How many billiard tables are there
in the United States? I presume that a moderate
estimate would be fifty thousand. A great many
gentlemen have them in their private houses for
their amusement, and there is scarcely an enter-
prising interior village anywhere in any State
where a billiard table would be at all tolerated
which has not one or more in operation. I should
not be surprised if the number of billiard tables
in the United States amounted to one hundred
thousand. I suppose that a moderate estimate
would be to put them at fifty thousand. At
2559
twenty dollars a table, fifty thousand would pro-
duce $1,000,000 of taxes, and one hundred thou-
sand would produce $2,000,000. If this section
should be adopted, I think it would produce from
three to four millions of dollars—a very import-
ant sum. It seems to me that in the hunt we are
making, the close search we are making to find
profitable and legitimate subjects of taxation that
will be remunerative in their returns, there are no
two subjects that are more legitimate than those
embraced in the amendment I have moved as an
additional section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a matter entirely
for the Senate to decide without any opposition
from me. I supported the motion to strike out this
clause because it was reported by the committee,
but I suggest to the Senator from Kentucky that
when the committee kept in the tax on billiard
tables they confined it to billiard tables kept for
hire. They supposed that if anybody chose to
keep one for his own use, in his own house, and
not for hire, it should stand on the same footing
with a piano or a musical instrument, or any other
thingin this schedule of about the samecost. The
Senate struck out this whole section and inserted
a provision in the license section requiring a li-
cense of five dollars for each billiard table kept for
hire. If the Senator intends to go further and apply
that to a table kept for private use, it is a separate
question, of which the Senate will judge. 1 think
myself there is just as good reason for a tax on
horses and carriages as on plate. The reason why
the committee decided to strike out the whole sec-
tion was that we had representations from all
parts of the country, pretty much, that there was
nothing else about the bill that would send the
tax-gatherer into peoples' houses to see what they
had there, to examine everything and see whether
a man had a watch, and to inquire after other arti-
cles, which many people have as matters of lux-
ury and taste, even when they are ill able to keep
them. For that reason, because it was supposed
to be the only part of the bill that was distasteful,
the section was stricken out. My friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] moved to reinsert it to-
day, and the Senate rejected his motion. This is
only a part of that section, and I suppose it may
be considered as sharing the fate of the rest. Of
course, if the Senate see fit to vote it in, I have no
objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I voted myself against striking
out the schedule. I thought it a very legitimate
and very lucrative source of revenue. I am still
of that opinion. All the articles embraced in the
schedule are subject to taxation in my State,and
I think they are very proper and legitimate sub-
jects of taxation under a law of Congress. I be-
lieve that schedule, if retained, would yield at
least §10,000,000 a year.
Mr. HOWE. The estimate made in the House
of Representatives by the Committee of Ways
and Means in reference to that schedule was that
it would yield about two millions of dollars.
Mr. DAVIS. It was a very understated esti-
mate, and that is obvious. If my amendment
should be adopted, the tax upon billiard tables of
five dollars can be stricken out of the other part
of the bill. That is not enough.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That'is for billiard tables
kept for hi re.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not enough.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been adopted by
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The tax on billiard tables in my
State is $100 apiece, and agreatmanyof them are
in operation under that tax. I think it is a pretty
low tax.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by including " pleasure or racing vessels,
known as yachts, whether moved by sail or
steam."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust this thing has
been sufficiently discussed for the Senate to under-
stand that it is one of the most offensive taxes that
could be imposed on the country.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
and the question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Dai is,
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. If this provision be adopted,
it will be the only part of the bill that will require
the officers to go into peoples' houses. It will
not pay. We thought we had cleared that out
once in committee, and I hope it will not be put
back.
Mr. HOWE. One word by way of apology.
My friend from Rhode Island is mistaken in say-
ing that this is the only inducement the collectors
or assessors will have to go into peoples'5 houses.
They have to go into every man's house to ascer-
tain what his income is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. HOWE. They will have to go and see
what a man's income is, and what it is derived
from. That is more inquisitorial than this. It
ought to be more inquisitorial than all these taxes
put together, if you mean to assess the income
properly. Here is a plain matter of fact. You
want the income of the nation, the earnings of the
nation, to pay a certain amount of this revenue.
I suppose every one wants that; but here is a vast
amount of capital—I cannot estimate it—i nvested
in these articles of luxury, yielding no income;
and either it ought to pay a revenue equal to that
which it would pay if it was employed in some
profitable and productive business, or it does not
do that, and the nation is injured to iust that ex-
tent.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Doolittle, Foot, Fos-
tci, Grimes, Hole, Hmlan, Howard, Howe, Kill", Lane of
Indiana, Latliam, Nesmitli, Powell, ltice, Willey, and
Wright—18. '
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, Fessenden, Harris, MeDougall, Morrill,
Sherman, Simmons, Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyclc, Trumbull,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—17.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend section sev-
enteen by striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting,*as a substitute:
That assessors appointed under this act shall severally
receive five dollars for each day they shall be actually em-
ployed in the peiformancc of their duties, and also at the
rate of two dollars for every one hundred names contained
in any tax list delivered to a collector. Assistant assessors
shall receive three dollars for eaeli day so'employed, and
also at the rate of two dollars for every one hundred names
upon any tax list delivered to an assessor. Assessors and
assistant assessors shall also be allowed all reasonable
charges for stationery and blank-books used by them in the
execution of their duties. I  cases where a collection dis-
trict embraces more than a single congressional district the
Secretaiy of the Treasury may allow the assessor such com-
pensation as he may deem necessary. The Secretary of
the Treasury is also authoiized to make such allowance as
he may deem necessary to assessors and assistant assessors
in the States of California and Oregon and in the Terri-
tories, as he may deem proper.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I may be
in error in my judgment about it, but it seems to
me this bill does not provide adequate compensa-
tion for the assessors. I think the assessors are
very important officers under the bill, and they
ought to be men of capacity and of high charac-
ter. I think they are of more eonscqucnce than
the collectors, and may more readily be imposed
upon to the detriment of the Government.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out that part of it which authorizes
an allowance for blank-books and stationery.
There have been great abuses practiced under that
in courts and everywhere else, more than the Sen-
ate have any idea of. If it be putin, it will only
be a corruption fund.
Mr. PESSENDEN. There have been no
abuses in that matter except here in Washington.
There have been no abuses in regard to the few
books required by officers like these.
Mr. HALE. There are gross abuses under it
in the Federal courts all over the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to the amendment of the Senator from New-
York, striking out so much of theamendment as
relates to an allowance of stationery.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on.
the amendment of the Senator from New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
I think the present rate of compensation is ample,
except, probably, in the city of New York.
Mr. ANTHONY. I inquire if the Senator
moving this amendment does not intend to include
the provision in the original bill which declares
that " the rates of compensation thus allowed
shall not exceed the rates paid to similar officers
in the States and Territories, respectively." As
I understand it, this leaves the Secretary of the
