1862.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T9
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
my colleague, that that is very strange language.
Why, sir, I hold in my hand an extract from a
letter of Hon. Edward Everett, of Boston, in
which he used this language:
" To expect to Iiold fifteen States in the Union by force
i6 piepohtorouy. The idea of a civil wai, accompanied as
it would be by servile insurrection, is too monstious to be
entertained fot a moment. If our sister States must leave
us, in the name of Heaven let them go in peace."—Edward
Everett's Letter to the Boston Courier, February 22, 1861.
I suppose Mr. Everett will not be denounced as
disloyal for those sentiments. Those were my
sentiments.
Stephen A. Douglas, in a speech in the Senate,
remarked as follows upon coercion and civil war:
li I do not understand how a man can claim ro hp a friend
of the Union, and yet bo in favor of war upon ten millions
of people in the Union. You cannot cover it up much
longer under the pictcwt of love for the Union.
k' War is disunion; war is a final and eternal separation;
and the man who is tor piosecuting tins war, though he
may have Union in hie heait, a disuuioni&t."
John Cluincy Adams, in 1838, in speaking of
the right of revolution, said:
" With these qualifications we may admit the same right
as vested in the people of every State m the Union, with
reference to the Gene* al Government, which was exercised
by the people of the United Colonies with refeicncc to the
supieme head of the Butish empire, of which they formed
a part; and under those limitations have the peopleot ertch
State m the Union a right to secede from the confederated
Union it&elf. Tims stands the right. But the indissoluble
link of union between the people of the several States of
this confedeiated nation is, after all, not in the right, but in
the heart. If the day should ever come (may Heaven avert
it) when the affections of the people of these States shall
be alienated from each other; when the fraternal shall give
way to cold mdilFeirnce or collision of interest, shall fester
into haued, the bonds ol political association will not long
hold rojrnthoi paities no longer athaeted by the magnetism of
conciliated iuteie&ts and kindly rvmpuihie.-; and larbettet
will it bo loi the people ol these disunited States to part in
friendship from ouch othoi than to beheld togethei by con-
straint. Then will be the tune toi remtin? to ihe prece-
dents which occurred at the fonuation and adoption of the
Constitution, to toi in again a more pei tect Union by dissolv-
ing that which could no !on«ci bind, ami to leave the Popu-
lated parts to be united by the law of political gravitation
to the centei."
Mr. Adams states distinctly, m the extract just
read, that it would be far better for the people of
disunited States to part in friendship from each
other than to be held together by coercion.
At the close of my spccch just quoted, on the
Crittenden compromise, I stated my attitude to-
wards Kentucky as follows:
" T have been often a-slced what Kentucky will do in the
event of a retu&al on the part of the North to yield the guar-
antees she asks. Allow me to say that i am not authonzed
to speak lor Kentucky. She has convened iiei Legisldtmc
in extraordinary session, to consider the condition of the
country. In a very slioit time her chosen representatives
will make known her position. X have every confidence
that she will meet this crisis, and that she will act m the
midst of the great events by which she is suriounded, in a
mannei becoming the honor and the dignity of a brave
people, and the peopk of u Irce sovereign State, who know
their nght<, and knowing, dare maintain them. When the
position of Kentucky shall be thus taken, when her sover-
eign will shall be legitimately made known, whether it be
according to my pei onal judgment or not, I, as a true and
loyal son, will obey liei high behests."
Kentucky did makp known her will, and I, to
the best of my poor ability, obeyed it, as I have
shown; and for that my colleague desires to visit
upon me the harsh censure of expulsion. In the
speech that I delivered hero at the executive ses-
sion I declared that I was for maintaining the con-
stitutional Union. I have been true and loyal to
the Constitution. I have resisted and denounced
every infraction of that glorious instrument; yet
my colleague says I have violated it; he has not
pointed to a single instance in which I have not
observed it.
My colleague arraigns me for voting against all
war supplies, and things of that sort. He might
have saved himself that trouble. It was known
to the whole Senate. What 1 did I have not done
in a corner-, it was here in the Senate Chamber,
and I admit it. 1 acted conscientiously. I believed
I was right, and have no regiets in telling my col-
league that I did what I believed was right. I may
have been in error: but I have never regretted my
action when I believed that action was right, and
the duty was conscientiously performed. He read
extracts from my speech denouncing thePiesident
for usurpation. I did, sir, m my place in the Sen-
ate censure the President for suspending the writ
of habeas corpus, and adding to the regular Army
and Navy without the authority of Congress, and
causing arrests to be made without warrant. I
then believed and now believe that I was right in
doing so; but even in that speech which perhaps
has called upon me most of this censure, I said:
" I still declare, to-day, that I desire these difficulties to
be settled in any other way than by a iccourse to arms. I do
not believe this Union will ever be reinstated, or that it will
ever be held together by force of aims. I believe that those
who really love the Union, those who wish to restoie the
Union ot these States, those who wish to bring them back
in harmony undei the Constitution of the country, desire to
avert war. 1 said in my place last winter that I believed
war was equivalent to disunion. [ solemnly believe to-day
that every battle you light will widen and deepen the chasm
that divides the States of this Union. In my judgment. Sen-
ators, you can ne^r reunite this distracted, bioken Con-
federacy by foice of arm5:. [ do notbehevo lhat one section
can ever conquer the othei ; but If it could, so far from that
blinging about the result tor which you goto war, you would
have pioduced the vejy opposite; you would have foiever
destiojed the constitutional Union.
" Senators, in my judgment, we should make every cffoit
to settle this matter peaceably. 1 would like to see this
war instantly cease on both sides, and then see the States
that are novv airajcd in hostile attitude against each other,
exhaust eveiy means possible forthe peaceful settlement of
the difficulties by such amendments to the Constitution as
would satisfy all parties, and allow us to live in peace and
harmony once moic as a united people. I desire to seethis
Union reunited, and tins constitutional Confederacy go on
as a whole, as much as any man in thN Chamber. But I
feel confident that) on can nevci effect that by arms. You
mn<t do it by eoiuptoinise; you must do it by conciliation.
You cannot do it by fotce. i heartily concuired with the
Senator Irom Illinois, (now, 1 regret, no moie,) the late
Mi. Douglas, in the speech which he made heie on the IOth
of March last. It so fully meets my views on this question
of coercion, that I will send it forward, and ask the Cleik
to read it.
"The Clerk read, as follows :
" 'I piefer such an amicable settlement to peaceable dis-
solution ; and I prefer it a thousand tunes to civil war. If
wc can adopt Mich amendments as will be satisfactory to
Virmnia, Noith Caiolina, Tennessee, and the other bordei
States,the plan of pacification which will satisfy them will
cteato a Union party in the cotton Stares which will soon
embt'iee a laige majority ol'thc people in those States, and
bring them baekol their own tree will and aeeotd ; and thus
restore, strengthen, and poipetuatc this glorious old Union
foiever. 1 icpeat, whut<'\it jruamutees will satiety Maiy-
larid and the bordei States (the Stales now in the Union)
will create a Tnion party in the seceded States that will
bung them back by the voluntaiy action ot their own people.
You can lCstoie and pn^ei vo the Government in that mode.
You can do it in no othei.
a <■ War is d'sumon. War is final, eternal separation,
[fence, disguise it you may, eveiy Union man m Amet-
ica must advocate such amendments to the Constitution as
will pieseive peace and lestore the Union ; while eveiy
disunlonist, whether openly oi secietly plotting itsdesuuc-
tion, i* tiJo advocate of peaceful secession, or ol war, as
the suiest means ol' rendering leunion and leconstiuetiou
impossible. I have too much icspect lot his intellect to be-
lieve, lor one moment, that then: i* a man lbi wai who is
not a disunions yer s<\ flence I do not mean, if I can pie-
vent if, that the enemies of the Union—men plotting to de-
stioy it—shall diag thiscountiy into war,undei the pretext
of protecting the public pioportyand enforcing the laws
and collecting levenue, when their object is disunion, and
war the means of accomplishing a cherished putpose.
" 'The disunionist*, therefore, are divided info two classes:
the one open, the other secret disuuionists. The one is m
favor of peaceful secession and a recognition of independ-
ence ; the other i  m favor of war as the surest means of
accomplishing the object, and of making the separation
final and eternal. 1 am a Union man, and hence against
war; but if the Union must be temporarily broken by a rev-
olution, and the establishment ot a de facto government by
some of the States, let no act be done that will prevent res-
toration and future preseivation. Peace is the only policy
that can lead to that result.
" ' Bur we atefold, and we heai it repeated everywhere,
that we miht find out whethei we have gotaGoveinment.
u ilavo wc a Government?" is the question, and we ai e told
we must test that question by usin<r the mihtaiy powet to
put down all discontented spirits. Sn, this question," have
wc a Government?'' has been propounded by eveiy tvrant
who has mod to keep Ins feet on the necks ot the people
since the world began. When the baions demanded Magna
Chaita from Kmg' John at Itumnmcde, he exciauncd,
'• Have we a Government r" and callcd for his at my to put
down the discontented barons. When Chailes I attempted
to collect the ship money in disiegaid of the lights of the
people, and was resisted by them, he exclaimed, " Have we
a Government? We cannot tieat with icbels ; put down
the naitois ; we mu«t show that we have a Government."
When James II was duven fiom the throne of England for
tiamplin? on the hbeitie^ of the people, he caiicd for his
.-amy, and evclaimed, " Let us show that we have a Gov-
ernment." When Geortre HI called upon his aimy to put
down the rebellion in America, Lot d Noirh etied lustily,
'•No compromise with traitois; let us demonstrate that we
have a Government." When, m 1248, the people io^c upon
their tyrants all over Europe and demanded guaiantee^ for
their rights, evetv crowned head exclaimed,Have wo a
Government?" and appealed to the army to vindicate their
authotUy and enforce the law.
"'Sir. the histoiy of the world doe* not fail to condemn
the folly, weakness, and wickedness of that Government
which draws its sword upon its own people when they de-
manded guarantees loi their lights. Tins cry, that wc must
have a Government,is mcrelv following the example of the
besotted Bouibon, who never learned anything by misfor-
tune, never forgave an injury, never forgot an afFront Must
we demonstrate that we have got a Government, and co-
erce obedience without reference to the justice or injustice
of the complaint? Sii, whenever ten millions of people pro-
claim to you, with one unanimous voice, that they appre-
hend their rights, their firesides, and their family allars are
in danger, it becomes a wise Government to listen to the
appeal, and to remove the apprehension. History does not
recoid an example where any human government has been
strong enough to crush ten millions of people into subjection
when they believed their rights and liberties weie imperiled
without first convening the Government itself into a des-
potism, and destroying the last vestige of freedom.5
" Mr. Powell. Mr. Piesident, the sentiment expressed
in fhe extiact just read from the speech of the illustrious
Senator fiom Illinois, now no more, fully meets my ap-
pioval I approved it when it was uttered in this Chamber;
I approve it now. X vcnly believe that those who propose
to maintain the Union of these States by arms are disunion-
ists. They may not wish to destroy the Union; but the
vety me.ins to which they lesort for the purpose of saving
it, will most assuredly accomplish its destruction. Hence
I have been from the beginning opposed to war, and I am
now opposed to it. I think that, in this age, as a Christian,
enlightened people, we should settle these difficulties with-
out a resort to arms.''
I declared in that speech that I was in favor of
using every measure to reunite the States. 1 so
stated in every speech that I ever made on the sub-
ject. I defy any Senator to point to any speech
of mine in which f clo not distinctly declare for the
constitutional Union. I have differed with Sena-
tors as to the best means to bring about that result.
Some thought it was best to do it by coercion. I
thought it could only be done by concession and
compromise. But, sir, I suppose this is the first
time in the history of this nation that it was ever
attempted to expel a Senator because he held opin-
ions that were not palatable to the majority. Mr,
President, I am willing to stand by my congres-
sional record; I do not regret the speeches I have
made, or the votes I have given. I acted honestly
and conscientiously, with the single view and in-
tention of promoting the best interest of my coun-
try, and saving the-country from war, desolation,
and ruin. I am willing that impartial history shall
pass upon it. I will abide the verdict.
Mr. President, if my colleague would govern
his vote by the principle lie himself announced
the other day, 1 should feel very sure that it would
be in my favor. In speaking of Mr. Stark's case,
he said:
"Mr. I'lesident. we had a ease involving this principle
before the Senate a few weeks ago; and in the discussion
and adjudgment of that case the punciple seemed to be gen-
eially conceded that an abstiact opinion, however dedoval
it might be. unaccompanied by an overt act, was not sutfi-
eient to expel a member fiom the Senate. That was my
own proposition, and my own punciple, and I now adhere
to it; I maintain it against all odds."
Well, sir, all the charges brought against me are
but abstract opinions; and in truth there is but
little in the resolutions that have been quoted
against me, but what i have uttered here in my
place in the Senate; for the whole scope and verge
of them was to maintain the neutrality oF Ken-
tucky, and to reunite the States by peaceable"
means. In this long list of charges brought against
me by my colleague charging disloyalty he docs
not point to overt acts, lie says my purposes, if
not my acts, are disloyal. I had supposed that
there was no man who could look into the pur-
poses of Ins brother, and summon him to trial and
condemn him for what he proposed to do. I
thought it was left to the omnipotent God alone to
look into the hearts of men, and to find out their
purposes. 1 believe if the great Jehovah wished
to makfi a vicegerent upon earth, and endow him
with power to look into the consciences and mo-
tives of men he would select a more amiable per-
son than my colleague, one who was not so hasty
to judge or quick to condemn; for my colleague is
as intense a gentleman as I know of. He is very
intense, very excitable, unrelenting, bitter, and
unforgiving. I have always accorded to him hon-
esty with his intensity; 1 do it now; but I do not
believe that the great Jehovah would make a vice-
gerent out of one who is so ill-natured, petulant,
and so unforgiving as my colleague sometimes is.
I think he would select a more benevolent, a more
amiable, and a more forgiving person, i protest
against my colleague sitting in judgment upon my
motives. He is so filled with animosity, spite, and
spleen, that he is incapable of doing me justice.
Senators, so far as the charges, innuendoes, and
deductions in this accusation, drawn up by my
colleague, about my loyalty are concerned, 1 deny
that there is any truth in any of them. They are
utterly unfounded; they do not exist in fact, but
only in my colleague's, I regret to say, prejudiced
