1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
"Art. 1. In ail the territory ofthe United States now held,
or hereafter acquired, situated north of latitude 36" 30', sla-
very, oi involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for
cri uio, is prohibited while such territory shall remain under
temtoiiai government. In ail the territory south of said
line ot latitude slavery of the African race is hereby recog-
nized as existing, and shall not be interfered with by Con-
gress ; but shall be protected as propeity by all the depait-
ments of the territorial government during its continuance,
and when any territory north or south of said line, within
such boundaries as Congress may prescribe, shall contain
the population requisite for a member of Congress, accord-
ing to the then Federal ratio of representation ot the people
of the United States, it shall, if its form of government be
republican, ho admitted into this Union on an equal footing
with the original States, with or without slaveiy, as the
constitution of such new State may provide.
"Art. 2. Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery
in places under its exclusive jurisdiction, and situated with-
in tue limits of States that permit the holding of slave*.
" Art. 3. Congress shall have no powerto abolish slavery
from the District of Columbia so Jong as it exists in the ad-
joining States of Virginia and Maryland, oi eithei, nor with-
out the consent of the inhabitants, nor without just com-
pensation liist made to such owners oi slaves as do not
consent to such abolishment. Nor shall Congtess at any
time piohibit officers of the Federal Government, or mem-
bers of Congress, whose duties require thein to be in said
District, fiom bringing with them their slaves, and holding
them as such, during the time their duties may require them
to remain there, and afterwards taking them from the Dis-
tricts
" Art. 4. Congress shall have no power to prohibit orhin-
der'the transportation of slaves from one State to another,
or to a Territory in which slaves aie by law permitted to be
held, whether that transportation be by land, navigable riv-
ers, or by the sea.
" Art. 5. That, in addition to the provisions of the third
paragraph of the second section of the fouith articte of the
Constitution ol the United State*, Congiess shall have
power to provide by law, and it shall be its duty to so pro-
vide, that the United States shall pay fo the owner who
shall apply tor it the l'ull value of hi  fugitive slave, in nil
cases, when the marshal or other officer whose duty it was
to ariest said fugitive was prevented from so doing by vio-
lence oi intimidation, or when, after airest, said fugitive
was rescued by force and the owner thereby prevented and
obstructed in the pursuit of his remedy foi the recoveiy of
his fugitive slave undei tue said clause of the Constitution
and the laws made in pursuance thereof. And in all such
eases, when the United Stales shall pay for such fugitive,
they shall have the right, in their own name, to sue the
county in which said violence, intimidation, or rescue was
committed, and to recover fiom it, with interest and dam-
ages, the amount paid by them for said fugitive slave. And
the said county, aiter it has paid said amount to the United
States, may, for its indemnity, sue and lecover fiom the
wrong-doers, oi rescuers, by whom the owner was pre-
vented from the recovery of his fugitive slave, in like mail-
nei as the owner himself might have sued and recovered.
" Art 6 No future amendment of the Constitution shall
affect the five preceding articles, nor the third paragiaph of
the second section of the fust article of the Constitution,
nor the thud paragraph of the second section of the touith
article of said Constitution, and no amendment shall be
made to the Constitution which will authouze or give to
Congiess any power to abolish or interfere with slavery in
any ot the States by wiiose laws it is or may be allowed or
permitted.
" Resolved, That we tender cordial greeting to our faith-
ful allies of the North who have so long battled for our
rights and endeavored to beat back the tide of fanaticism
in theii midst; we hail them as brethren good and true, and
bid them stand firmly by u* in the preservaiion ofourGeu-
cial Government in its whole constitutional vigor, a* the
4 sheet anchoi' of our peace at home and oui safety abioad.
" Resolved, That we cannot regaid the Constitution ot
the United States as a mere compact to be broken at the
will of each, hut as mote and greater than that—the great
bond of the people, establishing a more perfect union for
themselves and their postei ity, only to be dissolved by com-
mon consent or revolution.
" Resolved^ That we iecommend totheLegislatineoftne
State to put these amendments in form, and submit them
to the othci States ; and that, if the disorganization of the
present Union is not anested, that the States agreeing to
these amendments of the Federal Constitution shall forma
separate confederacy, with power to admit new States un-
der our glououp Constitution thus amended.
" Rcsoleetl. That it is expedient to call a convention of
the border free and slave States, and such othei States as
may see fit lo unite with them, to consider the best mode
of settlement of the questions which now agitate and
threaten to destroy the union of these States.
« Resolved, That we deplore the existence of a Union to
be held together by the sword, with laws to bo enforced by
standing armies; it is not such a Union as our fathers in-
tended, and not worth preserving.
« Resolved. That if the State ot Kentucky be represented
in any convention of the States, such representation should
be chosen by the people themselves."
Address of the Union Stale Centrul Committee of Ken-
tucky to the People of the Commonwealth.
"The alliance between paity spirit and the sectional
question ot slavery has at length piodueed the legitimate
fiuit of such.a combination- Disunion and war are upon
the land. No fmther retiospeet is necessary for toe pur-
noses of this brief address. The past i* understood. We
here propose to touch alone upon the present and the suture.
" A condition of hostilities, as is known, exists between
the seceding States and the national Government,  pnng-
in« immediately from the seizuie by the lorinei ot one of
the national foits. The President, in view of this seizuie
and of the kindred acts committed previously by the seced-
ing States, and of the secession out of which the acts have
New Series—No. 6.
grown, has published a proclamation callmg*foith the mili-
tia of the several States of the Union to suppress what he
describes as 4 combinations too powerful to be suppressed
in the orditiaiy way/ and to ' execute the laws,' appealing
at the same time to 4 all loyal citizens to facilitate and aid
this effort to maintain the laws and the integrity of the na •
tional Union and the peipettlityof popular government,
and redress wrongs that have long been endured.5 Ken-
tucky, through her Executive, has already, we understand,
responded fo this appeal. She has refused to comply with
ft. And in this refusal, she lias acted as became her. We
approve the lesponse of the Executive of the Common-
wealth. One other appeal now demands a response from
Kentucky.
"The Government of the Union has appealed to her to
furnish men to suppress the revolutionary combinations in
the cotton States. She has refused. She has most wisely
and justly refused. Seditious leader* in the midst of us
now appeal to hei to furnish men to uphold those combina-
tions against the Government of the Union. Will she com-
ply with this appeal? Ought she to comply with it? WTe
answer, with emphasis, no.
" if a conviction that the policy of coercion is wild and
suicidal, promising only to deluge the land in blood and dis-
solve the Union lu'etuevably in the crimson tide, is a good
reason, a* it ia, for Kentucky to withhold her countenance
and aid fiom the effort of the Government to suppress by
force the revolutionary combinations of the Gulf, surely her
allegiance, undnnmed as yet by a solitaiy blur, hei own
sovereign interest and the all but equal Interest of the com-
batants themselves in the maintenance o! her piesent inde-
pendent relations towards both of them, and, finally, the
sacred and ovcrarehmg interest of the national peace and
of the national life, are good reasons, nav, unansvvei.ible
and decisive ones, for Kentucky, as the case now piesents
itself, to decline tu diaw the swoul m behalf of the seced-
ing States against the. Government ofthe Union. Kentucky
could not comply with the appeal oftheGovernment with-
out outraging hei solemn conviction of duty mid without
tiampling upon that natural sympathy with the seceding
States which neither their contempt for her inteie>t nor
their disloyalty to the Union has sufficed to extinguish. She
could not comply with the appeal of tiie seditious leaden*
in the midst of us, without sullying her unspotted loyalty,
destioynig her most vital mteiest*, quenching in the blood
ot her'own sons the last hope ol leestabhshing the Union,
and hwhinghei free destiny amidst the clash and fuiy of
aims, to the chaiiot wheel* ofthe Gulf alliance. She ought
cluaily to comply with neither the one appeal noi the othei.
And, if she lie not smitten with judicial hlindm-—, she will
nol. The present duly of Ken'ueky i* to maintain her pi ev-
ent independent position, taking sides not with the Gov-
ernment and not with the seceding Stales, but with the
Union against them both, declniimi hei koiI to be sacred
liom the hostile tread ot eithei, and. if necessary, making
the declaration good with hei strong light aim. And, to
the end that she may b<- fully prcpaied for this last contin-
gency, Ave would have hei mm herself thoioughly at the
earliest practicable moment.
" What, the mttuedufy ot Kentucky may he, wcot couise
cannot with eeitainty foiesrees but, if thu enterpiisc an-
nounced in the pioelamation of the l'i evident should at any
time heieafter assume the aspect of a war tor the ovenun
ning and subjugation of the seceding States tlnough the full
asseitiou therein ot the national juu*dietion by a standing
mihtaiy force, we do not hesitate to say that Kentucky
should promptly unsheath her swoidm behalf of what will
have then become her common cause Such an event, if
it should occur, of which we confess theie doesnotappear
to us to be a rational probability, could have butone mean-
lug—a meaning which a people jealous of their liberty
would be keen to detect, and which a people worthy of hb-
eity would be prompt and leatless to lesist. When Ken-
tucky detects this meaning in the act ton ol the Government,
&he ought, without counting the cost, to take up aims at
once against the Government. Until she does detect this
meaning, she ought to hold hei sell independent of both sides
and compel both sides to ie.sp<->et the inviolability of her
soil. The portentous meaning in question i* not discernible
at this lime, and we believe it will never become discern-
ible. We, however, have deemed it hi, m eousuleiation
of all the oxtiaoidinaiy features of the tune, to anticipate
tins possible contingency.
" Such, as we conceive, is the piesent and contingent
duty of Kentucky. Will Kentucky disehatge this duty?
Will she abide nobly by the dictates of pamoti-m, ot wis-
dom, and of enlightened self-inteiest? Will she, m this
most ciitical moment of the most living juncture in oui lns-
toiy. still be true to the country and Due to hei self? Will
Kentucky, as the tempest of civil war begins to roai through
the quivering masts of the ship ot the Umon, throw over-
board such tried and trusted pilots as Crittenden and Guth-
rie and Morehcad and Dixon and Bell and Wicklifte and
their worthy colleagues on the Union ticket for the bolder
conference, and inuust the helm ot her destiny to James
13. (May and llenry C. Unrnett and A. G. Talbott and Em -
oiy Wiiitakei and then colleagues on the secession ticket?
Is this a moment tor wise and sober and chivalrous Ken-
tucky to quaff off the cup of pieeipitation and ieel ovm
the hunk oi secession into the bloody pit below ? Is Ken-
tucky a craven, that she requires the intoxicating stimulus
of precipitation to nerve hcrfoi the peril* thatconfront hei ?
Mubt she get drunk with excitement in Older to work up
the spint to guard her safety and her honor? Does it be-
come proud and gallant Kentucky thus to meet the awful
responsibilities ofthe hour ^ Kentuckians ! wo submit the
momentous case to you with nnwaveung confidence.
"J. II. Ilainey, W. F< ISulloek, G. D. Prentice, James
Speed, Charles Itlpley, W. 1*. Boone, P. Tompeit, II. Pope,
Nathaniel Wolfe, L. E. Harvie."—Issued April 17, 1861.
Proceedings and Resolutions of a Mass Meeting of Five
Thousand Union Men, held at Louisville on the l&th of
April, 1861.
"One ofthe grandest and largestpublic meetings ever held
in Louisville, filled the great east hall of the court-house last
night, in response to a call for a sober expression a  to the
proper portion for Kentucky to assume in* the present
crisis. It was a splendid meeting, both as regards num-
bers and material, it was a closely attentive and under-
standing assemblage, of the best Intelligence of the city,
and its effecr. must he wide and wholesome. If the war-
ring sections will but respect Kentucky's position and her
advice, all may yet be well, civil war averted, and peace
restored. We were more than gratified Avith the meeting
and its work. The stars and stripes wore on both sides of
the speaker's stand, and Avere frequently cheered as allu-
sions to the national banner weic made.
"James Speed, Esq., called the meeting to order, and
nominated Judge Pirtle as chairman. The nomination was
unanimously continued.
" Mi. Speed then nominated Messrs. W. E. Glover, C. 1).
Penuebaker, A. 11. Seinple, G. W. Houghton, Phil. Tom-
port, A. 1). Hunt, Geo. Amslie, and James Malona as vicc
presidents, all of whom weic elected by acclamation.
Lewis 15. tlaivie, Esq., was appointed secretary.
" Judge Pntle buefh addressed the meeting on taking the
chair, expressing Ins thanks for the honor conteried upon
Inm, and upon the importance ot the occasion lie mged
that reason and reflection should govern the course of Ken-
tucky. and not passion and lesentmei't.
" IJon. Nat. Wolfe moved the appointment ofacommittee
on resolutions, and the following gentlemen were accord-
ingly appointed to draft resolutions expre«sive of the .sen-
timents and sense ofthe meeting: Nat. Wolfe, Lovel l?us-
senu, Joseph Speed, G. A Iloughton, J. H. Harney and
Judge Bullock.
"Hon. Nat. Wolfe, from the committee on resolutions,
reported the following preamble and resolutions, which
were adopted with hatdly a dissenting voice:
" Events of commanding importance to the future safety
and honor of Kentucky have occuired which call for action
on the pjutofbei citi7.cn-; and every consideiution of self-
interest, and eveiy dictate of wisdom and patriotism must
prompt our State to maintain rnojyt resolutely her position
of loyalty. Situated on the bolder ofthe Plave States, with
sewn hundred miles of temtorv exposed to the hostile at-
tack, should the Union be divided into two sepaiate sover-
eignties, and with bul one million of population to oppose
the f'oui or five millions of the States contiguous to her,
which might become unfriendly, Kentucky owes it fo her-
self fo exeieiM! a wist; precaution before she precipitates
any course ol action winch may involve her in an interne-
cine war. Sins has no ieason lo distrust the present kindly
leolmgs of the people who reside on the north bank of tiie
Ohio liver, long hei f'nendly neighbor, nnd connected by
a thousand ties of business and consanguinity, but she must
realize the tact that if Kentucky separates fiom the Fed-
eral Union and assumes hei soveieign powers as an inde-
pendent Slate, that Ohio, Indiana, and Hlmoi;-, remaining
loyal lo the Fedeial Union, must become hei political an-
tagonists. If Kentucky deserts the stars and stupes, and
those States adhere to the Hag of the Union, it seems im-
possible to imagine a continuance of our old fiiendly iedi-
tions when constantly recuirmg causes ol in nation could
not be avoided, it is from no fear that Kentucky would not
alwavs piovo herself equal to the exigencies of any new
position she might see proper to assume, and fioiu no dis-
trust of the biavery of her sons that these suggestions are
made, but as £ when in the course of human events it be-
comes necessaiy foi one people to dissolve the political
bauds which have connected them with another, a decent
respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should
declare the causes which impel them to a separation,' so
an equal necessity exists that we should not dissolve those
bands with old fuends and neighbors without calling to our
aid every suggestion of prudence, and exhausting every
effortto reconcile difficulties, before taking steps which can-
not be retiaced, and may lead to exasperation, collisions,
and eventual war: Theiefoie,
" Be it rciolced, That as the confederate States linvc,
by overt acts, commenced war against the United States,
without consultation with Kentucky and their sistei --outh-
em States, Kentuckj icseives to herself the right to choose
her own position, and that, while her natural sympathies are
with those Avho have a common lnteiest in the piotecuon
of slaveiy, she still acknowledges her loyalty and fealty to
the Governmontof the United States, Avhiehshc will cheer-
lullv rendei until that Government becomes agmessive,
tyiannical,and regaulless of our rights in slave piopeity.
" "2. That the national Government fchouid be tiled by its
acts, and that the several States, as its peers in their ap-
piop>iate spheres, will hold it to a rigid accountability, and
require that its acts should be fraternal, in their dibits to
bring back the seceding States-, and not sanguinary or co-
eicive.
"3. That as we oppose the call of the President foi vol-
unteer for the purpose of coercing the seceding States, so
we oppose the raising of troops in this State to coopeiate
with the southern confederacy, AVhen the acknowledged
intention of the latter is to maich upon the city of Wash-
ington and captuie the capital, and when ill its match
thither it must pass tlnough States which have not yet
renounced their allegiance to the Union.
"4. That secession is a remedy for no evils, real or im-
aginary, but an aggravation and complication of existing
difficulties.
"5. That the memories of the past, the interests of the
present, and the solemn convictions of futuie duty and use-
fulness in the hope of mediation, prevent Kentucky from
taking part with the seceding States against the General
Government.
"6. That 'the present duty of Kentucky is to maintain
her present independent position, taking sides not with the
Administration nor with the seceding States, but with the
Umon against them both, declaring her soil to be sacred
fiom the hostile tread of either, and? if necessary, to make
the declaration good with her strong right arm.'
" 7. That to the end Kentucky may be fully prepared for
any contingency, < we would have her arm herself thorough-
ly at the earliest practicable moment)' by regular legal ac-
tion.
