1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
tance in a shorter period; but the expense of such
steamers running suchgreat distances, and being in
consequence deeply laden with coal, would hardly
be in proportion to the advantages derived from
them. One of the Collins line of steamers would
consume fifty-five tons a day, while a first-class
steamer of two thousand tons burden, with mod-
ern improvements of model, engine, and boilers,
and without top-hamper of upper deck ,&c., would
not exceed an average consumption of twenty tons
a day, and a war steamer of the same tonnage,
such as it is proposed to build, would not exceed
twenty-five tons a day.
Let us suppose that with economy and improve-
ments the consumption of coal is reduced twenty
tons a day, and, computing the expenses of a line
of steamers from San Francisco, via the Sandwich
Islands and Kanagawa, in Japan, to Shanghae,
in China, making an average speed of two hun-
dred and twenty miles per day* and thirty-one
days' running time, it would foot up, as follows:
1. Four pvopolieis of 2,000 tons each, costing each at San
Piancibeo $300,000 ... .$1,200,000
% Supply of coal lot monthly trips from each
port, lequiring two coaling? per month, and to
have always six months' supply on hand,
would requite for each steamerfiomtheSand-
wich Islands to Kana«awa, 0,000 miles, burn-
ing on an uveiage 20 tons per day, say seven-
teen daysJ steaming, 340 tons of coal; and from
the Sandwich Islands to San Francisco, against
curients and head winds*, allowing fiom thir-
teen to fifteen days'steaming, 300 tons of coal,
with at least two additional days' supply each
way, making 80 tons. Added together, the
total tequired at the Satuhvieli Islands for each
steamer would be 720 tons ot coal. Six months'
supply would be six tunes as much, or 4,320
tons, at an average co^t. say, of &-2-J per ton,
or for the whole, $95,000, as tile minimum of
the outlay indispensable to the successful pros-
ecution of such a line of steamers.
In addition to tlu*, it would he required that a
coriesponding amount of coal should be con-
stantly kept on the way to supply {he wants of
the stearneis, winch would at least involve a
first outlay of eoal   $£5,000
Which added to the sum of  ' 95,000
Would make a totalJnvcstmentof $120,000
A supply of coal must also bo had at
Kanagawa of nearly or quite th<> same
amount as at the rfandwich [Maud*.. 120,000
And a supply of coal ot at least 1.000
tons must be had atthe Honm Islands
10 cover possible contingencies, at a
rn*t pel ton, landed, ol at lea->t ,«25..
25.000
Total otitiav for coal in foreign ports  26>,000
At tfa:i Fianeisco only half the <imount of eoal
would be leqmred which j* necr-^ary at the
Sandwich Islands or Katiagawa, say  00.000
Total amount of investment tor ship-i and eoal, jJl,vJ>,000
The expense of running the line to and from San
Francisco to Shanghae and back, taking sixty-
two days3 running time, and five days' detention
each way, and five days at Shanghae, making in
nil seventy-two days, to which must be added
three days fot dischaigo of cargo and paying off
crew at San Francisco, making seventy-five days,
at a probable cost of $60,000, would be as follows:
Twelve trips a year  $720,000
Seven per cent, interest on the onginal invest-
ment ot $1,52.5,000 ^  I«0,<55
Insutanee on cost of steamer-*, at eight per cent.
pei annum, on $1,200,000   90,000
Insurance on investments m coal to the amount
ol §325,000, at three pei cent  9.750
For reprint? on steamers per annum  100,000
Depu'oiation on stearneis per annum, say ten
percent  120,000
Giand total of yonily expense #1,152,500
The receipts or earnings of t ho li tie may be safely
estimated as follows:
Freights on bullion to Japan and China, say annually ten
millions of dollars, (£10,000,000.) at the rate of tlw «j
quaiteis of one per et.*nt .    §75,000
Through passengeis each trip,say twenty pei nip,
at j$ioO ^aeli   .*   72,000
Through trcight from China, aveiage per tiip,
$3,000, on twelve tiips.,  36,000
Through freights to China fiom San Francisco, at
the beginning merely nominal 
Business with the Sandwich JMumU p  r tup, «.ay
.§5,000, twelve trips  00,000
Business between Kanagawa (Japan) and Shang-
hae, (China,) average per trip §7.500 90,000
Total   * $333,000
or about one third of a million of dollars, leaving
an annual deficit of $§19,500, or in round figures
§800,000, to be covered by earnings for carrying
the United States mail, by the increased commerce
which the cstablishmentof the line is to operate,
or by the economy which skill, experience, and
practice will introduce in the management of the
line.
The estimates here given are on the authority
of the first business men of the country, whom I
have consulted, and may be substantially relied on.
There can be no doubt as to their correctness as
far as the beginning of the enterprise is concerned,
though as theline would become better known, and
its managers better acquainted with the wants and
business capacities of'each country, a reduction
in its expenses and an increase in the earnings of
the line may reasonably be expected.
Thus, in the beginning, the passenger trade
would certainly be limited, so that twenty pas-
sengers each trip to China appears to be a very
large allowance.
Up to this moment no vessel has carried China
passengers from Shanghae to San Francisco, all
Chinese travel being from Hong Kong direct by
sailing vessels, which mode of travel will con-
tinue so long as Chinese emigration is confined to
the laboring classes; but it is hoped that the es-
tablishment of a lino of steamers to Shanghae,
and the increasing liberality of the Chinese Gov-
ernment, may effect a changc even in that respect,
and that the increased facilities will also produce
an increase of travel.
The amount of freight to be earned by the steam-
ers will also remain small for some time, the bulky
articles on which freights are principally earned
from San Francisco to China being naturally car-
ried in sailing vessels, and the voluminous arti-
cles of Chinese exportation to this country seeking
the same means of transpottation.
A large allowance, however, has been made in
the estimates just submitted for freight on bullion.
To carry $30,000,000 annually would require half
the entire amount from European ports to be car-
ried by our steamers. That our San Francisco
and Shanghae line would eventually carry the
whole of it, may not seriously be doubted; but for
that purpose it must fiest have earned a reputa-
tion for safety, regularity, and dispatch, which,
I fully believe, the line will enjoy after being once
m operation, sustained by our Government.
That the stearneis of this line will eventually
carry passengers and goods besides bullion, we
may, I repeat, expcct in fhe course of time; also,
that the expense of running the line may be re-
duced ; but years must elapse before these advant-
ages can be fully available to the company which
engages in the enterprise. The first advantages
derived from the establishment of the line will
not accrue to the stockholders of the company,
but to the merchants of New Yotk and other At-
iantjcctties, as well as to those of San Francisco;
afid it will also accrue to the Government, which
requires early information of what occurs in the
East and on the Pacific, and to the whole people
of the United States, who will thereby be brought
in as regular communication with the people of
Asia as they now are with the people of Europe.
It will, perhaps, be suggested that a line of
stearneis from San Francisco to Shanghae might
carry a considerable amount of raw silks for Eu-
ropean markets. Ourown consumption of raw silk
for manufacturing purposes is as yet very small;
but the European consumption of raw Chinese
silk has, during the last few years, wonderfully in-
eieased, France importing probably not less than
$20,000,000 worth per annum. The silk crops of
Upper Italy, on which the French manufacturers
heretofore chiefly relied, have for many years past
partially failed, and the disturbed state of that
country, which has so recently been the theater
of " war and rumors of war," is naturally op-
posed to the peaceful operations of industry and
commerce. China raw silk, moreover, possesses
considerable advantage over the best Italian silk,
especially in the manufacture of the more elegant
lustrous textures, and will on thataccount remain
a permanent article of exportation from China to
England and France, and in nil probability to Italy
herself; but it is scarcely probable that our Califor-
nia and China steamers will ever carry any con-
j siderable portion of that merchandise. Few costly
1 articles bear transhipments, and China silks from
Shanghae to Havre and Liverpool would need to
be twice transhipped: once in San Francisco, and
once or twice on the Isthmus of Panama.
This disadvantage is shared by silks shipped
by the Peninsular and Oriental Steamship Com-
pany, but with less damage, as I am about to
show. Silk isa delicate article,which requires skill-
ful handling, and in regard to which the personnel
of the British Peninsular and Oriental Steamship
Company have acquired an experience and dex-
terity against which it is hopeless for any new line
to compete with success. It would be difficult and
expensive to effect insurances against loss or in-
juries sustained by so costly and delicate an ar-
ticle on a new line, and a reduction of freight on
the. Peninsular and Oriental line might, for the
present, take that trade entirely from our steamers.
Neither can we expect to carry passengers from
and to Europe by our California and Panama lines,
to and from China. Passengers from Shanghae,
by that way would require from seventy-five to
seventy-eight days to reach the port of South-
ampton; whereas the Peninsular and Oriental line
carries them in from fifty-three to fifty-five days,
by the Isthmus of Suez, the average distances mn
being these:
Days.
Fiom Shanghae toHongKong...  7
From Hon^Kong to Point de GaJle  J9
From Point de Galle to Suez  13
Fiom Suez to Alexandria   2
From Alexandria to Malta *  4
Fiom Malta to Southampton   8
Total  53
These distances are of course not run by the
same steamers, but by those corresponding with
one another, and belonging to the same company,
so that one is ready to start as the other arrives
and transfers her passengers and treasure.
By the Panama route the time would be as fol-
lows:
Days.
From Shanghae to San Francisco    3,5
Tune and detention in San Fianciseo, ;it lca=t  3
From San Fiaaeisco to Pauama, usual passage  14
Detention at the Isthmus, and at Aspiuwall, at least, 3
Aspinwall to Southampton, usual passage  18
Total    73
We cannot expect, therefore, that our San Fran-
cisco and Shanghae line will ever become the mere
passenger route to and from China, especially
now, when the work of piercing the Isthmus of
Suez is steadily progressing toward completion,
making the whole route from Southampton, Eng-
land, or Marseilles, France, a water route; nor can
we reasonably expect to carry merchandise from
China to or from European markets. It is quite
a different thing, however, with bullion, which is
chiefly produced on this continent, and the largest
poition of it in our own country or with commer-
cial men makingaround of business engagements.
A subsidy fiom our Government, as low as
$500,000, for which a return is made by cairying
the mail and munitions of war, besides protecting
our commerce and whalers in the Pacific ocean,
and thereby saving the Government the expense
of keeping three or four vessels of war in com-
mission in those waters, is therefore the minimum
I can ask for the proposed San Francisco and
Shanghae line of steamships; that sum being, as
I think I have shown, the smallest thatcan induce
capitalists to embark in the establishment of such
a line, with a reasonable hope of continuing it
with success.
We do not wish Government to hold out insuf-
ficient inducements; neither do we desire any com-
pany to come periodically here soliciting addi-
tional aid and protection. Let us do justice to
ourselves, a company who may undertake it, and
the country, by making at once an adequate ap-
propriation to secure the accomplishment of our
design; and let us trust the enterprise, persever-
ance, and ingenuity of men who engage in this
great work, that they will prosecute it to an issue
creditable to the commercial and maritime reputa-
tion of themselves and their countrymen.
And now, Senators, after explaining the policy
and necessity of this line in a military point of
view; after demonstrating the vast commercial
advantages which would flow from it to our mer-
chants in the eastern cities, and to the country
generally; after clearly establishing the fact that
without such a line our merchants must continue
to depend on British mail facilities for correspond-
ence and information; what is it that the citizens
of loyal California ask of your generosity and
patriotism ?
A simple mail contract to the amount of not
more than §500,000, not permanently, but merely
for a period of not more than five years, to carry
