82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14.,
37tii Cons....2d Sess.
Mr. Powell's Defense—Mr. Powdl.
Senate.
"8. That tfe look to the young men of tlie Kentucky
State Guard as the bulwarks ot the safety of our Common-
wealth, and that wo conjure them to remember that they
are pledged equally to fidelity to the United States and Ken-
tucky.
"9. That the Union and the Constitution, being mainly
the work of southern soldiers and statesmen, in our opin-
ion, furnishes a surer guarantee for ' sonthern rights' than
can be found under any other system of government yet
devised by man."
•fiction of Kentucky Respecting Federal Relations.
January 21.1861, Mr, George W. Ewing. icpresentative
from Logan county, laid before the House the following
joint resolutions:
" Resolved by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, That this General Assembly tins henid with
profound regret of the resolution* teccntly adopted by the
States of New York, Maine, and Massachusetts, tendeimg
men and money to the resident of the United States to
be used in coercing certain soveieign States of the South
ijitoobedience to the Federal Government.
"Resolved, That tins' Geneial Assembly receives the
action of the Legislatures ot Nmv Yoi k, Ohio, Maine, and
Masauchu*eu*> as the indication of a piupose upon the part
of the people of these States to furthei complicate existing
difficulties by forcing the people of the South to the ex
tremity of submission or resistance; and so regaidmg it,
the Governor of the Slate of Kentucky is heieby requested
to inform the Executives of each of said States that it is the
opinion of this General Assembly that when ever the author-
ities of these States shall send armed forces to the South
for the purpose indicated m said resolutions, the people 01
Kentucky, uniting with their brethien ot the South, will,
as one man, resist such invasion of the soil of the South at
all hazards and to the last extremity."
The first resolution above wa> adopted—yeas 92, nays
none ; and the sccond way adopted—yeas 87, nay* (>.
Resolutions recommending call foi a convention of the
United States.
Whereas the people of mhho ot the States feel themselves
deeply aggrieved by the policy and measure-* which have
been adopted by the people ot some of tlio oilier States; and
whereas an amendment of the Constitution of the United
States is deemed indispensably ni'f'«.«aiv lo seentc them
against simiku gm-varnvs in the nmue: Theieforo,
Rewired by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, That application to Congiess to cull a conven-
tion for proposing amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, pursuant to the fifth article tbeieof, be, and
the same is heieby, now made by this Geneial Assembly of
Kentucky ; and we heieby invite oui <is.ror States to unite
with us, without delay, m simthu application to Congress.
Resolved, That the Governor of this State lot tl> witii com
nmnicuus the fujegoing lesolution u> the PiesNhmt of the
United States, with the request that he immediately place
the same holme Congress and the Kxeeutivos of the several
States, with the request that they lay them befoie their
respective Legislatures.
Resolved, if the convention be called in accordance with
the provisions ol the foregoing resolutions, the Legislature
ot the Commonwealth of Kentucky Miggost lor the consid-
eration of thai emivrniion, as a hasH for settling exiting
difficulties, the adopi ion, by way ofamendment> to the Con-
stitution, tile resoliUionsolP'KMi m the Senate ot the United
State* by lion. John J. Ci itt<*nden.
Approved, January -J5, ib61.
Resolutions appointing commissioner to attend confer-
eneo at Washington city, l-'ebruau K in aecoidnnee with
the invitation ol the Vnginia Legislature.
Whereas, the Genetal Assembly of Vnginia, with a view
to make an eilort to preseive tin-,' Union and the Constiltt-
tion in the «|)irit ui whieh they wine established by the
fathers oi the Republic, have, by resolution, invited all the
Slates who are willing to unite with her in an earnest effort
to adjust Ute present unhappy eouiroverics, to appoint
eommis'imier-', to meet on the 4fh Febimny next, to eon
suW, and, it practicable, agiee upon some suitable adjust-
ment.
ltcsoh ed, That we hereby accept the invitation of our old
motbet Vnginia, and that the following six commissioner,
William O. Umlei, .1. B. Clay, .1. 1<\ Hell, C. S. Moiehead.
Charles A. Wickhll'e, atsd .Tames Gmhue. !i * appointed to
repiosent the Suite of Kentucky in the contemplated con-
vention ; whose dutv it shall be to lepau to the eitvof
Washington, cm the day designated, to meet such oominis
siOnera as may be appointed by any of the States in acconl-
ance with tlmloregomg invitation.
Resolved, That i( scud commissioner .shall agiee upon
any plan of adjustment lequirttig amendments to the Fed-
eral Constitution, they be lequested to communicate the
proposed amendment* to Congtess for the purpose ot having
the same submitted by that body, aceoidmg to the fonus of
that Constitution, to the several State* tor ratification.
Ilpsohcd, That if said eomimssioneis cannot agiee in an
adjustment, and, ii agreeing, Congiess shall relume to sub-
mit loi latilicatiou such amendments as they may piopose,
the oonmii-loners ot this State shall immediately commu-
nicate the result to the Executive o( this Commonwealth,
to be by him hud betore this General Assembly.
Resolved, That in the opinion or" the Geneial Assembly
ot' Kentucky, the ptopositions embraced in the resolution'*
presented to the Senate ot the United States by the Hon.
John J. CiiUendcn, so eonstmed that the first article pio-
pose d as an amendment to the Constitution ot the United
States shall apply to ali the temtoryol the United States
now held ot h ureal let acqui ted, south ot latitude 36° iiO', and
ptovidetnat slavery of the African laec shall he effectually
protected a-- propeity theiein dming the continuance ofthe
tentorial government,and the fomtli atte'ie shall secure
to the owneis ot s>Ui\e*. the light of uansii v. 1th their sla\es
between ar.d thiough tile no.i . lavehohhngStates and Tor
litoiies, constitute the basis of such an adjustment of the
unhappy controversy which now divides the States of this
Confederacy as would be acceptable to the people of this
Commonwealth.
Resolved, That the Governor be. and he is hereby, re-
quested to communicate information of the foregoing ap-
pointment to the commissioners above named, at as waily
a day as practicable, and that he also communicate copies
of the foregoing resolutions to the Executives of the re-
spective States.
Approved January 29,1861.
Resolutions declaring further action by the Legislature
on political affairs unnecessary and inexpedient at this
time.
Resolved by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, That the people of Kentucky view with the
most lively apprehensions the dangers that now envnon the
Union and thieaten its perpetuity.
Raolvrd, That we appeal to our southern brethren to
stay the wotk of secession—to return and make one mighty
effoit to peipotuale the noble work of our forefather, hal-
lowed by the iceollection of a thousand noble deeds.
Resolved, That we protest against the use ol force or co-
cicion by the Genetal Government against the seceding
States as unwise and inexpedient, and tending to the de-
struction of om- common count] y.
Resolved, That as tin* General Assembly lias made an
application to Congress to call a national convention to
amend thcConstitution of the United States, and requested
the Legislatures ol all the other States to make simiiai ap-
plications, and lias appointed coinnnssioneis to meet those
whieh have been appointed by the State of Vnginia, and
such as may be appointed by other States, at a designated
time and place, to consider and, if practicable, agree upon
some suitable adjustment ol the ptesent unhappy contro-
versy, it is unnecessary and inexpedient for this LegisJutuie
to take any further action on this subject at the present
time; and as an evidence of the sincettty arid good laith of
oui pioposttions foi an adjustment, and urn expiessmn of
devotion to the Union and desiu> foi its pte>et\,Uion, Ken-
tucky awaits with deep solicitude the iespouses from hei
sister States.
Approved Febiuaiy 11. 1H61.
An act to piovide for the election of delegates to a conven-
tion to be held at Fiankioit.
Beit cnacted by the Genaal Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That an election *ha!l he held, on the
fitst Satutday in May next, at all the election precincts in
this State, to elect twelve delegates to u comention oi the
holder slave States, and such ouiei slave States «is have not
parsed oidin.mees of secession, to meet atFianklmt, Ken-
tucky , and said delegates shall be voted lot and tle< ted by
the Stale at U ige, in the same mannci that Slate otljceis
ate now elected; and the -amo laws which app!\ to i.iul
regulate the mode of the election of Slate officers by the
qualified voter of the whole talc, shall apply to andgovjj n
the election ot stlici d.-legates.
Snc That the p'-ivon • who may-he thus elected shall
be, commissioned by the Governor as delegates) to said con-
vention, and am cmpowcied to meet Hie delegate* from the
States atoie.-aul, in convention, to con-ult on the eutieal
condition of the countty, and agiee upon >omc plan of
peaceable adjustment.
Si-:<j. The convention shall be held on thc2Uh of May
next, ot at such other tune as am.ijontj ol the delegaie*;
elected in this State maj appoint, to suit the eojivcnieiiee
ot the delegates ftoin the othei States.
Si.o 4. That oneot the delegate.-, ft) t entci-ent Kentucky
m the holder slave State convention shall he icquiud to
icside m each congtcssioual de-Hict in this State,
Sr.c. .">• 'i'his act shall take effect fmm Us passage.
Appioved Apul y, IbGl.
Mav 1(5, IHGi.the Committee on Federal llclations made
the following repoit:
A majonty oi \otir committee, consisting of Messrs
(lodge, l)mnam, Wolte, Caihsle, Lyne. Gowdy. Jacob**,
ami Hncknei, recommeiul liie passage ofthe following pte-
amble and resolution*.:
Considering the deploiable condition of the conntiy, and
for which the State oi KentnclvV is in no wav lespousihle,
and looking to the best means of pieseiviiig the mteinal
peace, and sccmina the lives, hhcnj, and ptopetly of the
eiti'/.ciw ofthe State* Til el doi e, .
h'psalred by the llouseot llrj>ic->ni(adres, 'J'iiat this State
and tin* citizens theieoi shall take no pait in the civil wat
now being waued, except as mediator andlneinls to the
belligerent paities ; and tiiat Kentucky should, dmmat the
contest, occupy the position of stnct neutiahfy : and join
committee unanimously lccommcnd the adoption ot* the
lollowmy lesohition .
Resolved, That the net of the Governor iu refusing to fur-
nish hoop* oi nulihny foice upon the cali ofthe executive
aufhoiity ot the United States, under existing circum-
stances, is approved.
GEORGE B. LODGE, Chahman,
The first resolution above was adopted—yeas 69, nays23;
and the second—yeas 89, nays 4.
\Iav 24,1631, under a suspension of the lules, Mr. 15 runcr
otieterl the toilowmg pieamble and ievolution*-:
Wheieas theie exists a civil war between the national
Government and the seceded States, which Kentucky
deeply deplores; a war she had no voice in creating, and
in which she has lutheito refused to take a pait, and she
now lefusei*. Being a part of the national Government, in
the enjojmentof its benefits—such as mail Utilities, na-
tional hospitals, Fedeial couits, protection at home and
abioad, a gauHon paid out of the national Tieasuty, into
which she is paying levenue—and having a tepiesentation
in Congress, Kentucky ought, at leasf, touunam neutial (ill
tho end ol the coutrovery ; neither hiudeniig the national
Goveiriment in the exett:*oof its autiiojjfy. no; fnrnisbins
me!!, as a State, to eithet of tiie belligeients , noi asking -nd
from cither to uiamtam hei position ; she wili, ail the time,
be leady and anxious to mediate between the belligerents,
and will be profoundly happy, should she be able to recon-
cile the contending parties, and aire&t the shedding of fra-
ternal blood by fraternal hands. With this position, Ken-
tucky is willing to go befoie the civilized world and let her
conduce pass into history, and await the candid and calm
judgment of future and disinterested geneiations. Being
connected with the seceded Statesgeograpineally, and hav-
ing the same domestic institution, she is unwilling to take
up arms against them. Being attached to the national Gov-
ernment, undei whieh she has always lived and gieatiy pros-
peied, and having no cause for war against it, she cannot
take up aims to oveithrow it. T-Iavmg m good faith taken
this position, she asked the belligerents toiespectit: There-
toie,
l Resolved by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. That Kentucky will not sever bet conneeiion
with the national Government, nor will she take up at iris
for either ofthe belligerent patties, but will arm hersell for
thr one puipose of pioseiving tranquillity and peace withm
out own border.
•2 Resolved, That Kentucky now tenders, and to the end
ot the wai all the tune will tender, herself as mediator, and
that she will constantly be ready to do all in lier power to
bring about a just and hono.rable peace.
3.'Resolved, 'J'iiat the Governor be diiected,to tiansmit
a copy ot the f'oiegoing preamble and resolutions to the
PiCsnlents of the United States and of the seceded States,
and to the Governors of each ofthe thirty-four States.
Adopted by the Senate—>eas 13, nays 9.
Letter from Hon. Garrett Vaiis. t
Baltimore, Ajiiil 28, 1831.
Deah Sir : Early last week I determined, upon my own
reflection and impulse, to make a hurried nm to Washing-
ton, to take a view of public aflairs there, and fiom thete,
and to talk with the President and some of the members of
Ins Cabinet in relation to our national troubles, and how
the Administration intended to neat them.
[found the Piesidont frank and calm, but decided and
fiun. lie expressed deep concern and tegiet for the exist-
ing condition of public affaus, and liis hope that there
would vt be a testoration ofthe Union, and peace and
am t\ among all the States lie icmaiked that neithei he,
noi any othei President, who had been elected h\ a'paity,
could admmistei the Government in exact accoulance u ,th
his o\v a opinions and judgment; but must make some de-
pal line to satisfy those who had placed him in powci That
befoie the Caiohmans had made then attack on Foit Sum-
ter, he had decided not to icnpoice or to att< mpt to teni-
foiee its garri-on. but merely, and only, to supply its hand-
lull of famishing men with food ; and that he had distinctly
communicated these puiposcs to the authotities of the
southern confedeiation. That be had also dcteimmed that
until the meeting ol Congress he would make no attempts
to ictake the loits, &c . belonging to the United States,
which had been unlawlulh seized and wiosted fiom their
possession, but would leave the then existing state ol things
to be eon-tdeied and acted upon by Congujss, unle-s he
should he constiained to depasf from fhat puipose by the
continued militaiy operations of the seceded Slates.'
The Picsident uuther <aid, that events had now leached
a point when it must be decided whethei oui system of
Fedeial Government was only a league ot soveieign and
independent Stales, iiom which any State could wnhdiaw
at pleasuic, or wliether the Constitution fotmed a Govein-
ment invested with sticngfh and poweis sutFtcient to up-
hold its own authoi it\, and to enfoice the execution ot ihe
laws ol Congte*s ; th it he had no doubt ot thetinthot the
lattc! piopositum, and he intended to make it good m the
adnunisti.ition ot fiie Govcinmcnt to the extent that he
should be sustained by the people ot tin" United State-.
lie remmked also, that he had expected all the States
upon which he had made a lequisition for militaiy aid to
enable htm to execute the laws, to lespond to that call;
and paiticularly the State ot Kentucky, which had buciro
loyal to the Union and faithful in the put formanco of all hei
duties. That he greatly legietted she had not acted up to
the pnnciple of liei gie.it statesmen now no moie, and foi
which she east her vote in the late Piesidential election,
"the Union, the Constitution, and the enforcement of the
laws "
That be intended lo make no attack, diiect oi indirect,
upon the m-tiUttions ot ptopeity of any State ; but, on the
contiaiy, would deiend them to the lull extent with winch
the Com tit tition and laws of Congiess have vested th" 1M ev-
ident wth the powei And that he did not intend !o Mi\ ado
with an aimed unee, oi imike any military or naval move-
ment against any State, unless she or lier people should
make i! icee-sary by a formidable lc^istance or'the authoi
ify and law ol the United States. That if Kentucky or her
citizens should seize the po.-t oi Newpoi t, it would become
his dutv, and tie might attempt to ictake u; but he contem-
plated no militaiy opoiations that would make it necessary
to move any tioops ovei hei teiu'oues, though he had the
unquestioned tight at all tunes to match the United States
tioops into and ovei any and cvciy State. That if Kon-
tiielvj made no demonstiat'oii ot loice against the United
States, iie would not molest her. That he regretted the
necessity of m.uehing tioops acioss Mary land, but forces to
ptouet the -eat ofthe United States Government could not
be coneentuted theie without doing so ; and lie intended
to keep open a lino of communication through that State to
Washington city, at any iisk> but in a manner least calcu-
lated to nritate and inflame her people.
In this time of gloom and danger, when the nation is
being locked to its base, and so many States aie icaplng
headlong into the abyss of revolution, it is the paramount
duty of evety ttue son of Kentucky to give all his: effoitsto
save hei from the fatal phmge, and thus keep away from
hei holders the most teruble of all seoutges. a civil ami ser-
vile war. Let her not become a patty to the- most unneces-
sary, unnatuial, and icvoltmg sectional --tn'c. Slie had
neithei pait not lot m hung it on. It \v:i' precpuat'd by
us a* togai.t author^ witinmt condescending to consult her,
agaifst lier earnest uMinuistiances, Uiid to put in peril all
hei inteiest-:, eveiy heaithsfDne within her borders, and all
