1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
her women and her children. Its flashes and thunders are
gleaming and breaking in the southern horizon over the
guiltj heads of those who dared it, would have it, find there
Jet it rage and waste its fury. There is no call of interest,
ot honor, or of duty upon us to rush into it and thus avert
rxrMi111 Smtth, and bring down its fury upon ourselves.
Will we permit our sympathies for those who had none for
us, or our reckless knight errantry, to intervene at the cost
ot haying our iair and peaceful land ravaged with fire and
sword ?
_ Let Kentucky look to herself and her own self-prcserva-
lion in this dread hour. Let her stand immovable as arock
peering above the tempest-tossed ocean, and as the red
waves bf war, from North or South, beat against her film
base, let her roll them back with all their desolation. To
enable her to perform this difficult and perilous duty, let
her clothe heiself in full panoply. Let all her men and all
her youths procure for themselves the most effective arms,
and then themselves foim an independent organization ot
companies, regiments, and divisions. Let them drill thor-
oughly, and always be leady to defend their homes and
their State from all enemies, within or without. Let them
put themselves under the command of brave and faithful
men who are known to have no object but the defense and
preservation of our Commonwealth and the reconstiuction
of the Union. Let us husband our resources and perfect
our military organization, and when the eontendingpartles
become worn and wasted by a ptolonged and bloody war,
we can then effectively interfere to command a general
peace.
Faithfully yours, GARRETT DAVIS.
George D. Prentice, Esq.
EMANCIPATION".
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. DOOLITTLE,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the Senate, March 39, 1862.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 108)
for the release of certain persons held to service
or labor in the District of Columbia, to which Mr.
Dayis had moved the following amendment:
Jlntl be it fat ther cnacted, Thatall persons, libeiated under
this act shall be colonized out of the limits of the lTnitod
States, and the sum of .$>100,000, out of any money in the
Tieasury not otherwise apptopriated, shall be expended
under the dueelion of the PiCsident of the United States
for that purpose.
Mr. Doolittle moved to amend the amend-
ment, so as to make it read;
%dnd be it further enacted, That the sum of $100,000, out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
shall be expended under the direction of the Pic*ident ot
the United States to aid in the colonization and settlement,
with their own consent, ot free people of coloi from said
Distiteun the lepublics of ilayu and Libci ia, or elf-ewhcte.
The question being upon the amendment, to the
amendment,
Mr. DOOLITTLE said:
Mr. President: Believing, as I do, thatall men
have a natural right to their liberty, and that Con-
gress has exclusive legislative power in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, I am ready to give my vote to
put an end to slavery here forever. But, sir, I
cannot support the amendment proposed to this
bill by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
unless my amendment to it shall be adopted, and
then I will give it my hearty support. But before
going into a discussion of its meiits, I wish to say,
in spite of all we have heard here or elsewhere about
the alleged incapacity of the negro race, I believe
thatall the races of mankind are capablc of enjoy-
ing and maintaining civil and religious freedom,
undertheinflucnceofChristianity and in harmony
with the laws of nature. I say, therefore, that in
this District, where we have the undoubted con-
stitutional power, I would extend freedom to the
colored man. I go further: the freedom I would
give him should be more than a thing in name; it
should be a thing in substance, freedom in fact.
Two things are necessary to give him that. He
must be free not only from tho control of a single
master; he must be free from the presence and
domination of a stronger race. It is in vain to talk
of the independence of Indian tribes, or of the free-
dom and equality of individual Indians, scattered
in the midst of our white population in the tem-
perate zone. They may be free in name, in theory,
but m fact they are a dependentand a subject race.
In givingfreedom to the men of African descent,
some are content to give them the right to be free.
1 would do more, make them free in fact. I would
not make an idle promise to the ear, to be broken
to the heart.
Upon one extreme, it is said that our fathers,
in asserting the equal rights of all men, did not
embracc the negro race at all. I have heard it
on this floor. In the Dred Scott ease tho Chief
Justice says it. Sir, I have before maafac simile
of the original draft of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence in Jefferson's handwriting. The same
pen which wrote "all men are created equal"
wrote these words also:
" He [the king of Great Britain] has waged cruel war
against human nature itself, violating its most sacred rights
of life and libeityin the persons of a distant people [the
negroes] wiio never offended him, captivating and canymg
them into slavery in another hemisphere, or to incur mis-
erable death in their transportation thither. This piratical
waifare, the opprobilum of infidel Power®, is tho warfare of
the Christian king of Great IJutain; determined to keep
open a market where men should be bought and sold, he
has prostituted his negative foi suppressing eveiy legislative
enactment to prohibit or to restrain this execrable com-
merce ; and that this assemblage of honors might want no
fact of distinguished dye, he is now exciting those very peo-
ple to ri?e in arms among us, and to purchase that liberty
of which he has deprived them by murdering the people
upon which he has obtruded them ; thus paying off former
eumes committed against the liberties of one people with
crimes which he uiges them to commit against the lines of
another."
I read this whole extract, Senators, not for the
burning words of denunciation against England
for first forcing negro slaves upon the colonics,
and then inciting them to insurrection, but to
show that- the same mind which conceived and
the same pen that drew the Declaration of Inde-
pendence embraced all the races of men, and to
make it doubly sure, when speaking of the negro
race, printed the wo;*d u men" in large capitals.
But, sir, that same master mind comprehended
this whole negro question. He knew what, it
seems to me every man may know, that in solving
it two great ideas must be considered at the same
time, one of race, and one of condition. The
negro question involves more than the question
of voluntary or involuntary servitude. I am not
satisfied without an answer to the whole question.
Jefferson gives it in these woids:
"Nothing is moie ceiumly wiitten in the book of fate
than that tho^e people aio to be fiee ; nor i-. it le^ eeitain
that the two nice*, equally free, cannot live jn the .-ame
Government. Nature, habit, and opinion have diawn in-
delible Iino?> of distinction between them. It is still m our
powei to dnect the pioce^ of emancipation and depot ra-
tion peaceably, and in such slow device a^that the evil
will wear oft'nisenMbly. and then place-* be, paii passu*
filled up vviti) fiee white laboieis. It, on the conlraiy, it is
left to ioiee it&ell on, human natuie must shudder at the
prospects held up."
Mr. President, in the temperate zone, the Cau-
casian race has always been dominant, and al-
ways will be. In the tornd zone the colored man
dominates, and will forever. No laws of Con-
gress or any other legislative power can reverse
this great law stamped upon the earth and upon
the constitution of man. Poets may dream other-
wise; unwise philanthropy may hope to make it
otherwise; but it cannot he done. The Creator
has written it upon the earth and upon the race.
Look southward, to our own tropics; go, if you
please,to Hayti; and what do you find there? You
find that the white race is doomed. The colorbd
man is the stronger race. Not only the laws of
climate and race are against the white man, but
even tho municipal laws are reversed upon him.
He cannot, it is said, own a foot of laud m Hayti,
nor can he give his testimony in court against a
negro. Theorderof things here is reversed there.
The colored man is dominant. I recoliecta colored
man by. the name of Harris, from Cleveland, Ohio,
who made a trip to Centuil America and to the
islands of the Gulf of Mexico, for the purpose of
exploration. He wrote a book on the subject,
which I once read; and he states a fact patent to
all the wo i Id. "The white race is doomed in this
ciimatc." Why doomed ? Because it has become
effete, enfeebled, and degenerated to such an ex-
tent that no choice is left but to commingle with
the colored race, or in a few generations cease to
propagate then species. Nature asserts her su-
premacy; she claims her own; she will have them;
the negro is the child of the tropics and of the sun;
he is going there and you cannot hinder it. He
will go there as a freeman or as a slave. I would
aid him to go there as a freeman. The sooner
our minds and hearts and political action shall bo
in harmony with those laws which God the Al-
mighty has established, the sooner may we look
forward to a final and permanent solution of the j
greatquestion now agitating the American people,
Some object to colonizing people of African de- j
scent, because they allege that the negro race is
incapable of maintaining' civilization, and cspe- '
cially civilized government, in the tropics where
he naturally belongs, or anywhere else. But the
facts I think show the contrary. In addition to.
what was stated by tho honorable Senator from'
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] yesterday, I .will
state some factsin relation to the French colonies,
derived from a book lately published on the aboli-
tion of slavery by Augustin Cochin. The French"
have four colonies, Martinique, Guudaloupe, Cay-
enne, and Reunion. The population of Martinique
was 121,130; ofGuadaloupe, 129,109; of Cayenne,
19,375; ot Reunion, 103,280. The total white and
free mulatto population was 139,089; the slave
population, 233,814; making in all, 372,903. He
gives many statistics showing their condition for
five years next previous to the abolition of slavery,
and for the ten years after.
Slavery was abolished in these colonies by the
republic of France in 1848. In 1840, eight years
before abolition, there were required, to preserve
order at Martinique, 3,026 soldiers; and in I860,
only 1,384 soldiers. At Guadaloupe there were
required, in 1840,2,900; and in 1861, but 1,384
soldiers. At Reunion, the garrison in 1840, was
1,719; and in 1860, there were but691. The first
fact 1 mention is, that the soldiers required to pre-
serve the public peace in those islands since slavery
was abolished is but one half of what was required
before.
There arc other facts in relation to the admin-
istration of justice. In the island of Martinique,
in which there is a population of about 121,000,
there were tried before the court of-assize, in
1852, for crimes against person, 31; crimes against
property, 87; in 1853, 21 against person, and 87
against property; in 1854, 29against person, and
87 against property; in 1855, 30 against person,
and 88 against property, in 1856, 21 against per-
son, and 75 against propeity; in J857,"27 against
person, and 69 against piopeity; showing that in
a population of 121,000, there was less limn one
person in a thousand that was tiied charged with
an offense against either person ot property before
the court of assize. Compare that with civilized
countries, and 1 think the people of Martinique
will not sulTer m comparison.
But, sir, as another test of tjhc condition of these
colonies since emancipation, as compared with
their condition before, let us look at their produc-
tions. Take the five years before emancipation,
fjom 1843 to 1847. The mean production of su-
gar in Martinique during that time was in value
39,226,503 francs; from 1848to 1853, ihefirstfive
years after the abolition of slavery, 36,676,503
francs; being a reduction of 3,000,000 per year.
This was, in part, in consequencc of the revolu-
tion in France, disturbing commerce there, and
makmgimportations less. But the mean produc-
tion of sugar in Martinique for the next five years
was 51,000,000 francs; going up fiom 39,000,000,
dining the five years previous to abolition, to
51,000,000 during the last five of the"first ten years
after the abolition of slavery. So, too, in Guada-
loupc, the mean annual production was 39,904,671
francs; and at Reunion, 72,324,705 francs. ^
Now, Mr. President, i will call attention !<o
some statistics which hear more nearly upon the
actual social condition of the people of those
islands. What was the effect of emancipation
upon the families of the people of these islands?
'•In the ten jvars from 18:38 to 1847, there vveie but
1.751 marriages among the about 2." 0 per >e\it\ of
which 29 weic at Martinique, 61 at0nadalotipe,01 at Cay-
enne, and 135 at Jieunion. Anions; the ftee persons, there
wcie 6,173 marriage-* during the suime time. In the nine,
years aftei 1848, between J8-18 and l8r>b, there weie 38,468
mauUgc:;. 11 you eompaie 1S.">6 with 1846, at Martinique
among the si.i\ e population, fheie were 037 maniagesj in
place of 46; at Giuulalonp" 1)07 marriage-* in place of 10];
at (/avenne, 138 maniacs in plaee of 17 j at Reunion, 6*37
inamages m place of *2-25."
During the existence of slavery in those islands,
there was this proverb: " the white is the child of
God; the black is the child of the devil; and the
mulatto is the child of nobody." But emancipa-
tion in those islands has given, not only freedom,
but family to the subject race.
Onee more: 1 will now refer to their religious
condition:
"In 3839. theie was oncpriestto about forty-five hundred
per-oilr>. Now there is one priest to about twenty-live bun-
dled pei*<mr.. The muldvfof churches has conoid"!ably Ui
creased. Manv of.them have' been founded by the black,-;
themselves. The parishes arc still too large and the churenep
too few; hutlheirgood tnoial efi'oet has. operated immensely,
