1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
lieve, on a committcc consisting of the Secretary
of State and some others. That is what I am
told, though that does not appear officially. The
way they have done their duty reminds me of an
incident that once occurred in my own State, and
I think I can illustrate my meaning better by re-
lating that than I can by a labored argument.
When Governor Gilman , one of the worthiest and
best men that ever sat in the executive chair of
New Hampshire or any other State, was Gov-
ernor, there was a gentleman from one of our ex-
treme northern towns, in the neighborhood of the
White mountains, and above there, near to the
Connecticut river and the State of Vermont, who
came down to Exeter, and brought the Governor
a large and beautiful box of butter, which he made
a present of to his excellency, as a loyal citizen
of the State should. The Governor received it
graciously, and was much obliged to him for it;
and, as he seemed to be in a good humor, the
farmer went on to tell him that there was a great
necessity for a new justice of the peace in his
town, and he hoped that his excellency would see
that one was appointed. His excellency said he
would certainly attend to it right off, and if he
would only name a man lie should be appointed.
" Well," said the farmer, "to tell you the honest
truth, Governor, I don't think there is another
man in the town except myself who is fit for it."
[Laughter.]
Thus you see how this committee performed
this duty. William !I. Seward, Secretary of
State, is at the head of it; Caleb B. Smith, Sec-
retary of the Interior, is next; Mr. Edward Ev-
erett, a man who speaks a piece on Washington
occasionally, [laughter,] is the third; Robert B.
Minturn, who, I believe, is a highly intelligent,
respectable, and worthy merchant of New York,
is the next. Professor Henry, of the Smithso-
nian Institution in this city, is another. Mr. Klip-
part, Mr. Partridge, and Mr. Coleman, I do not
know. Mr. B. P. Johnson, I believe, is a man
eminently qualified fox the place; and the only one,
so far as I know, that has the least pretensions 
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform my friend that
Mr. Klippart is admirably fitted for the position.
He is a gentleman of education, and is at the head
of agricultural societies in Ohio; a man of char-
acter and standing in every way.
Mr. HALE. Then the only wonder is how he
got on here. [Laughter.] 1 said 1 did not know
him. The next one is Mr. Wallach, who, I be-
lieve, is mayor of this city; Mi. Seaton, who is
editor of the National Intelligencer; Mr. Whit-
ney I do not know; and Mr. J. C. G. Kennedy,
Superintendent of the Census Bureau. These are
the men that come from all parts of the country.
I believe I have read the names of every one of
them. Thirty-five thousand dollars are to be ap-
propriated; and it is provided that all salaries—
which has been amended so as to read expenses
—of commissioners, if any shall bo allowed, as
well as all expenses of freight, &c., putting the
salaries or expenses of the commissioners fust,
shall be within the limits of this appiopriation.
Now, sir, 1 have not the slightest objection on
earth to these gentlemen making a tour to Europe
this summer if they can be spared from the State
Department, the Interior Department, the Census
Bureau, the Smithsonian Institution, the muni-
cipal affairs of this city, and the National Intelli-
gencer; if those great public institutions can all
snare their heads this summer to take a tour to
Europe, 1 have not the slightest objection on earth;
]f I could uflord it, I should like to go with them,
[laughter;] but I am opposed to taking $35,000 at
this moment out of the public Treasury to pay for
any such pleasure tour as tins to Europe for these
gentlemen. I have had a conversation with sev-
eral gentlemen who are interested m this subject,
mechanics, &c., who feel indignant that the whole
body of mechanics have been overlooked, that all
the men who have any practical knowledge of this
matter should have been entirely overlooked, and
this little mutual admiration society of the city of
Washington should have been selected to lcpie-
sent the industrial interests of the country at this
exhibition. I except, of course, after what the
Senator from Ohiohas said, (though I do not know
li'm,) Mr. Klippart; and I am told by my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] that he is the only one
of the eight millions of people m the Northwest
that has been selected. If this thing was what it
ought to hove been, those who ore interested in
the subject, the mechanics, the men of geniusand
skill, would have been selected. I am opposed to
it on that point.
Then again J am opposed to it on the grounds
that the Senator suggests: I do not think that this
is a time to take this amount of money from the
public Treasury for this purpose. There are other
reasons that influence my vote which I do not
want to lay before the Senate, as I do not suppose
they would influence theirs; but 1 am opposed to
the whole of it, and shall vote against every dollar
of appropriation.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no speech to
make, but I shall vote against this resolution, be-
lieving that, in the present state of the public mind,
we can get up no respectable exhibition in Lon-
don. I believe this is not the time when the pub-
lic mind is looking to that point I know, as has
been said, that ten years ago we had a triumph
there upon the exhibition of some of our agricul-
tural implements—the McCormick reaper for one;
but, sir, this is a time when the reapers are en-
tirely different and must be entirely different from
what they were ten years ago. The sword and
the cannon are the reapers now, and the rebels
are the harvest; and to that purpose and to those
reapers I shall devote my attention.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Piesident, I simply wish
to reply to the suggestion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, that in the constitution of these com-
missioners certain great interests were neglected.
I think he is mistaken. I believe that the commis-
sion was constituted carefully, and with a des>ire
to carry forward, best and most truly, its most
essential interests; and I find that one of the first
acts of the commissioners was to institute a board
of agents, whose names I will read: J. W. Hoyt,
of Madison, Wisconsin; D. Davis, of Blooming-
ton, Illinois; J. W. Hearney, of Ladoga, Indiana;
James H. Baker, of St. Paul, Minnesota; R.
Lowe, of Iowa; Leland Stanford, of California;
and Jacob M. Howaid, of Detroit, Michigan.
Mr. RICE. Will the honoidble Senatoi oblige
me by reading n^run the name of the gentleman
appointed from Minnesota''
Mr. SUMNER. James H. Baker, of St. Paul.
Mr. GRIMES. Who is appointed from Iowa?
Mr. SUMNER. R. Lowe.
Mr. GRIMES. I do notknow any such man.
Mr. SUMNER. Their names will be found
here in the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What duties have they to
perfoi rn ?
Mi. SUMNER. They arc local agent*, whose
duty it is to put themselves m communication
with persons who wish to send their products !o
the exhibition.
Mr. GRIMES. With what salary ?
Mr. SUMNER. They are to have no salary.
Air. WILKINSON. Their business is to stay
at home.
Mr. SUMNER. Their business is to stay at
home, as the Senator says; and so is the business
of the commissioners to whom the Senator from
New Hampshire has referred. And that brings
mo to another point of his romaiks. He made
the suggestion that these commissioners were to
go, as he said, on a pleasure tour to London, for
which they are to be paid. Sir, the Senator is
eniiiely mistaken. The resolution winch is now
under discussion provides that the President him-
self shall appoint such commissioners as he shall
think proper to represent the mdustiy of the Uni-
ted States at the exhibition. The commissioners
now d< signatcd for tins home purpose, for this
local purpose, will have no function to perform
there. A new set of commissioners are to be con-
stituted, whose business it will be to go there and ■
perform that duty. Nor do I understand that it
will be m anv sense a pleasure tour. The Senator
is mistaken when he throws thatimputation upon
this resolution.
I need not defend the Administration in this :
connection; but I am sure that tins commission j
was constituted by the President with all possible i
care. I had occasion more than once to confer ;
with him in respect to it, and I know the piudent !
forethought which he brought to its eonsidera- :
^The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will .
nardon the Chair. The morning hour having ex- ,
pired, it becomcs the duty of the Chair to call up ,
the special order.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may proceed with
this resolution. We can finish it in five minutes,*
I have nothing more to say upon it.
Several Senators. Let us take the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, the
special order must be proceeded with. If no ob-
jection be interposed, the Chair will consider it the
sense of the Senate to allow the vote to be taken.
Mr. HALE. Let us have the vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bright, Browning, Collamer, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Foot,Harris, Henderson, Howe,Latham,
MeDougall, Nesmitli, Pearce, Rice, Sumner, and Wilson
of Missouu—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cailile, Clark, Cowan, Fes-
senden, Fos-tei, Gilines. Hale, Howard, Johnson, Kennedy,
Lane of Indiana. Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell, Saulsbury, Ten
JJvck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Willcy, Wilmofc and Wilson
ol Massachusetts—22.
So the joint resolution was rejected.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 181) to secure the early completion of
the southwest branch of the Pacific railroad in the
State of Missouri; which was read twice.by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
HOUSE! BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 209) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the service of the year ending the 30th of June,
1862—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 256) for the relief of Philip Speyer
& Co., of the city of New York—to the Committee
on Claims.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etiieripge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(S. No. 169) to authorize the President of the
United States in certain cases to take possession of
raihoad and telegraph lines, and for other pur-
poses-, which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom were referred resolutions of the
Legislatuie of Kentucky concerning the Federal
courts for the disti ict of Kentucky, reported them
back, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 182) to repeal
an act entitled "An act providing for additional
terms of the United States circuit and district
courts in the State of Kentucky," approved June
15, 1860; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
THE COOLY TRADE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is now before the Senate, and the Senator from
California [Mr. McDougall] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move to suspend all prior
orders with a view to take up House bill No. 109,
to prohibit the cooly trade by American citizens
in American vessels. I apprehend it will take no
time whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California yield the floor?
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. Certainly, sir.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Then I submit that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, an
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 109) to prohibit the
" cooly trade" by Ameiican citizens m American
vessels. The bill proposes that no citizen or cit-
izens of the United States, or foingner coming
into or residing within the same, shall, for him-
self or for any other person whatsoever, either as
master, factor, owner, or otherwise, build, equip,
load, or otherwise prepare, any ship or vessel,or
any steamship or steam vessel, registered, en-
rolled, or licensed, m the United States, or any
port within the same, for the purpose of procur-
ing from China, or from any port or place therein,
or from any other port or place, the inhabitants
or subjects of China, known as coolies, to be
transported to any foreign country, port, or place
whatever, to he disposed of, or sold, or trans-
