1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
court held each year at the capital of the State,
and this is all the amendment will accomplish.
The great importance of this bill .secured for it
a most careful and impartial investigation in the
committee. All interests involved have been can-
vassed fail ly and candidly, with no other object
than to arrive at a determination which should be
just and equitable towards all sections and inter-
ests concerned, and the committee believe that the
passage of this bill is demanded by the highest
considerations of public interest. The judicial
department of the Government is now most illy
adjusted to the wants of the country, and must
remain so until we discharge the high trust de-
volved on us by providing for a readjustment by
the passage of some such measure as the one we
are now considering. Should this bill fail to re-
ceive the sanction of the House, we can hope for
the success of no similar measure at the present
session, perhaps not during this Congress, and
we can make no calculations as to what action a
future Congress may take. Defeat now may re-
sult in preserving the present unjust and inade-
quate organization of the judicial circuits for many
years. I hope no such result will be rendered
possible by the action of this House, but that we
will concur in the pending amendments, and then
pass the bill.
Mi. WASHBURNE. Will thegentleman from
Iowa allow mc ask him at how many places the
district court is now held in Iowa?
Mr. WILSON. At three points. This bill does
not increase the number of places for the holding
of the district court
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 understood this bill
to make a fourth point.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir It only proposes the
holding of an additional term. Now, Mr. Speaker,
if no gentleman desires any further information in
reference to this bill, I will move the previous
question.
^ Mr. MAYNARD
tion in reference to this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish to enter a motion
to postpone the further consideration of this bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. The suggestion which I
asked to make was in reference to the location of
my own State in this proposed change of distri-
bution. It is proposed to make the sixth disuict
consist of the States of Lou'Siana, Texas, Arkan-
sas, and Tennessee. The people of Tennessee, who
are interested in this matter, object very seriously
to that modification. The proposed district is one
of immense size. The distance from the portion
ofTennessec where 1 live to the remotest part of
Arkansas or Texas is quite as far, if not further,
than it would be to Portland, in the State of Maine.
Geographically, it might as well be attached to
the New England States. Legally, it would be
much better. There is more analogy in the sys-
tem oflaw thatobtainsin the Stateof Tennessee—
modeled after the common law of England—with
that which obtains in the New England States,
than there is between that State and Louisiana,
Texas, or Arkansas. Therefore, to throw us into
a district of such geographical proportions, of such
peculiar civil and legal organization, would be to
treat our people as they conceive—and 1 think
justly—with great hardship. I hope, therefore,
that the House" will not adopt the proposed change,
so far, at least, as Tennessee isconcerned. i hope
that Tennessee will be placed in a district moie
compact, geogiaphically, more homogeneous by
the character of its laws and its civil polity. I do
not propose to characterize this bill as an outrage.
I do notspeak in that style of any legislation that
receives the anpioval of a majority of this House.
But! know very well that the feeling of our peo-
ple on this subject will be that it is as great an in-
convenience and as great a haidship as though it
had been the result of a deliberately premeditated
outrage.
I trust, therefore, that the motion made by the
gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mi. Wasiibuiixe,] will
so far prevail as to have time given us to discuss
the features of this bill,and to settle a question of
so great importance to all those portions of the
eoiinu y that are to be atfected by it. The people
of Tennessee desite to lemam in connection with
Kentucky in the district in which they have been
united from the beginning of the Government.
Their systems of law are very similar. Their
habits of professional intercourse are intimate.
Their commercial and business relations are also
intimate. The character of the people of both
States is very much the same; and there is every
reason which should operate, in a reorganization
of judicial districts, in requiring that these two
States should continue to be kept tugether in the
samedistrict in which they have hitherto been.
I hesitate about proposing an amendment to this
hill. 1 am sure it would suit the people of my
district to have the judicial district remain *sitis
now*, but rather than that we should be thrown
into the districtembracingTexas, Louisiana,and
Arkansas, I would say put us in with the neigh-
boring States of Kentucky and Ohio.
I hope the gentleman from Iowa will not at-
tempt to force the passage of this bill upon the
House without giving them an opportunity to
examine the details.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that this bill has
been before the House for two or three months,
just in the shape in which it is now presented to
the House. The bill was reported, ordered to be
printed,and recommitted to the committee,and
every member has had an oppoi tunity to examine
it. I consider this as one of the most important
measures we have had before us during this ses-
sion. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] complains of the cncuit m which Tennes-
see is placed. The States of Iowa, Minnesota,
and Kansas never have been embraced in any cir-
cuit, and in order to preserve the circuits in the
form desired by the gentleman from Tennessee,
those States would have to be left out of the pres-
ent organization.
Mr. POTTER. Allow me to ask the gentleman
why the Committee on the Judiciary thought it
necessary to change the circuits from what they
weic as fixed in the bill as it came from ihe Sen-
ate' According to the Senate hill, Wisconsin was
put in adismctwith Indiana,Michigan,and Min-
nesota The Committee on the Judiciary propose
to change that and put Wisconsin into a district
with Indiana and Illinois. I understood the gen-
tleman to say that the Senate arrangement, in that
regard, was a very remarkable one. 1 do not see
that it is any more remarkable than the proposed
change.
Mr. WILSON. The circuit in which Wiscon-
sin was placed by the Senate bill was made up of
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Michigan, and Indiana.
A portion of the district was divided from the re-
mainder by Lake Michigan, and the lines of the
States were not contiguous. The circuit in which
the committee'samend men t proposes to place Wis-
consin, is composed of Indiana, Illinois, and Wis-
consin. They form a compact and symmetrical
circuit.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg the gentleman from
Iowa not to understand me as interposing an
objection to remodeling the judicial districts. I
think that should be done. What I object to is,
that such a bill should be put through the House
under theoperation of the previousquestion with-
out an opportunity of discussing the details by
those interested in the changes proposed. The
gentleman should remember that only a part of
the House is interested in the details of the bill,
any further than the general welfare of the coun-
try is concerned. They feel no local interest. And
besides, a large section of the country affected by
this bill is not repiesented here to-day; and 1 am
sure that neithet the gentleman from lowanoi any
othti gentleman upon this floor wishes to work
any injustice to that, or to any other portion of
the country, through the peculiar circumstances
which attend us at this time. He does not, I am
sure, intend to visit upon the whole population,
loyal and disloyal, a measure which would be re-
garded as an exceedingly hard one, and unneces-
sarily so. For these reasons, I think the gentle-
man ought to allow time for the examination of
the bill m its details.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I cannot under-
stand what grounds the gentleman from Tennes-
see can have to base complaints upon. They
have a supreme judge in the State of Tennessee,
a citizen of that State, and certainly the interests
of Tennessee will not be impaired or affected in
any way by the passage of this bill; and I may
say that the absence from this floor of Represent-
atives from Tennessee and from other southern
States is no fault of the members who are here,
and no fault of the States provided for by this bill
and which are not provided for by the existing
circuit system. The gentleman asks us to wait
until Tennessee can be fully represented, and
during that time the States of iowa, Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Kansas must be left,without any
circuit court whatever. .Now, those S.tates have
a right to complain, but certaiuly Tennessee, has
none.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am sure the gentleman
from Iowa misunderstood me. I have notasl<e.d
him to wait until Tennessee is represented .here*
but only to wait until the details of the bill.can
be sufficiently discussed, so as to be understood
by the House.
Mr. WILSON. I have waited now for three
months, with the bill before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is discussion here in the
House that enables us to understand a bill. The
gentleman from Iowa says that he does not see
how we of Tennessee can complain. Well, sir,
none of us understand our neighbors'interests as
well as our neighbors understand their own in-
terests.
Mr. WILSON. I will make this proposition
to the House, that the bill be postponed and made
the special order for Tuesday next, after the ex-
piration of the morning hour, if that will be satis-
factory to gentlemen.
Mr. MAYNARD. f have no objection to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to any special
order about it. I shall move to postpone the bill
til! next session when 1 get an opportunity.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will hear any sugges-
tions that gentlemen desire to make.
Mr. MENZIES. I desire to say that I concur,
and I believe ail the Representatives of Kentucky
concur, in the sentiments expressed by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee on the several occasions
of Ins interrupting the gentleman from Iowa; but
I desire to ask the gentleman from Tennessee if
he designs to propose an amendment which would
satisfy everybody orattemptto satisfy everybody,
and allow the States of Tennessee and Kentucky
to remain in the same circuit. We are solicitous,
if the matter can be accommodated, that that re-
sult should be attained,and I believe that it is not
impracticable, without doing violence to any part
of the country, according to the plan that the gen-
tleman is now urging. Docs the gentleman from
Tennessee intend to suggest an amendment? If
he does not, I think that some effort of that sort
should be made.
Now, sir, in regard to the House having un-
derstood this bill and having it before them for
months, 1 think the gentleman from Iowa is mis-
taken if he supposes that many members of this
House have examined it at all. I knew accident-
ally that this bill was before the Committee on the
Judiciary for, perhaps, the length of time that the
gentleman from Iowa has mentioned. I came by
the information rather accidentally. I have sev-
eral times inquired of members of that committee,
feeling some interest in it, when it was expected
to be reported, and I have been answered in a way
that induced mc to think that the committee were
not taking a great deal of interest in the bill.
Mr. WILSON. Thegentlemannevermadeany
inquiries of me respecting the bill.
Mr. MENZIES. I say that that was the im-
pression made upon my mind.
Mr. WILSON. Not by anything I ever said.
Mr. MENZIES. I have never spoken to the
gentleman from Iowa on the subject, and I hope
that he and the gentleman from Illinois will give
us time to see if we can perfect the bill, so as to
allow the States of Tennessee and Kentucky to
remain in the same circuit.
Mr. WILSON. I will renew the proposition,
as I understand the gentleman fiom Illinois to be
willing to withdraw his objection to postpone the
the biH, and make it the special order for Wednes-
day next, after the morning hour; and if the gen-
tlemen from Tennessee and Kentucky desire to
have these States in the same circuit, I shall then
make no opposition to it whatever. If they will
offer an amendment to that effect, it will meet with
no opposition from me.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It occurs"to me
that there can be vet y little difficulty in accommo-
dating this matter, and thatatonce. The commit-
ter, after considering the question as fully as they
could, and with a Mew to make the circuits as
compact, as possible, have leported this amend-
ment. In looking over the country to be embraced
