1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1608
the United States mail in armed steamers, month-
ly, from San Francisco, by the way of the Sand-
wich Islands, to Kanagawa in Japan, thence to
Shanghae in China, and back again, by the same
route, to the same port.
The vessels to be of not less than two thousand
tons burden, adapted to the navigation of the Pa-
cific ocean; to be commanded for greater Govern-
ment security by an officer of the United States
Navy; to be employed both in carrying a mail
and in protecting and increasing American com-
merce. The equipment and armament of these
vessels shall be under the control of the Secretary
of the Navy, in the same manner as if they were
a part of the American Navy, to be in all other
respects assimilated to men-of-war in the regular
service. No* party or parties of speculators or
contractors, as I have said in opening the subject
to you, are waiting or lying in ambush to seize
upon your appropriation to further exclusive
private interests.
The bill provides that the Government shall give
the contract to the lowest bidder, taking proper
securities for its fulfillment. Neither is anything
to be paid-to contractors, except that portion of
the annual sum in the way of compensation not
covered by postages received by the line.
With the annual increase of those postages, the
amount to be furnished out of the Treasury of the
United States would constantly diminish, and it
is not at all impossible that after the line shall have
been in successful operation for a number of years,
its whole expense to the Government may be de-
frayed by postages alone.
in the estimates of the probable expenditures
and receipts of the line, which I have just sub-
mitted to you, and which I had the honor to as-
sure you were based on the experience of our best
merchants and navigators, an excess of §800,000
of the expenditures over the receipts would have
to be provided for by the Government; but the
annual stipend provided for in this bill is only
$500,000, leaving still a deficiency of §300,000 to
be covered by the ingenuity and inventive genius
of our shipowners and merchants, not, peihaps,
directly by the earnings of the line, but by such
mediate openings of trade as experience and enter-
prise will suggest and use.
What more powerful stimulus could be given
to any company to devote itself with zeal and dis-
cretion to the object of their association ! The line,
therefore, which it is here proposed to establish,
answering all the purposes contemplated in the
bill, will tax the proverbial ingenuity of men who
engage in such enterprises to the utmost to pro-
tect themselves from loss.
We shall by this establishment add an active
force to our national Navy; we shall appear as a
maritime Power in the Pacific ocean; we shall
render our merchants commercially independent
of Great Britain, and we shall create newavonucs
of wealth for the mercantile genius of our people.
There can be no stronger inducements to legisla-
tion than these; no nobler task for legislators than
by their acts to promote the enterprise, wealth,
security, and power of their country!
The benefits of this bill will inure not merely
to California, but increase our national reputation
and standing, and elevate us as a people. I urge
the passageof this bill in the name of civilization
and progress, and with a view to o\\r independence
as a great commercial Power; I urge it on the
score of our national honor, which is constantly
exposed to insults from foreign nations while our
Pacific coast is unprotected by an adequate steam
navy; and I ask it m the name of religion, the
seeds of which, if the provisions of this bill are
honestly carried out, will be planted through this
medium in distant climes destined to be icdeemed
from the darkness of superstition.
It is not merely the'patriotic citizens of the loyal
State of California who, through their represent-
atives in Congress, ask your cooperation in what
they deem a.national enterprise, the far-sighted citi-
zens of the loyal Empire State have equally made
an appeal to your undoubted liberality and states-
manship. The New York Chamber of Commerce
memorialized Congress almost simultaneously
with the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco
in aid of the same object. The memorial of tiie
chamber of San Francisco bears date November
29, 1861, and that of New York is dated Decem-
ber 5,1861; both express the same sentiment and
urge the same reasons for accomplishing a great
national object. They believe, and the people of
the great State of New York are convinced, that
the establishment of a line of mail steamships from
San Francisco to Shanghae, in China, is aneces-
sary part of our*systcm of national defense, as
much dictated by prudence, forecast, and true
statesmanship as our river and harbor defenses on
the Atlantic coast or the fortifications on our west-
ern lakes and harbors.
California is, in many respects, the richest and
one of the most enterprising of States. She is the
greatest prize, the most imperial jewel that a for-
eign foe or coalition of foreign enemies to our
country would dare to cast a covetous eye upon.
Her position is exposed, and her population is,
as yet, in no proportion to the vastness of her do-
minion, her length of sea-coast, her inexhaustible
mineral wealth, and her boundless agricultural
resources.
Yet, small as the number of our people may be
compared to the princely domain, which it has
pleased Providence to open to their enterprise and
labor, their hearts arc stout, their will is strong,
their spirit resolute, and their loyalty and devotion
to good government as boundless as the ocean
which laves their shore.
She will stand by the Constitution and the Union
as long as civilization shall endure on this conti-
nent—as long as the memory of Washington shall
be cherished by his countrymen. We do not come
in fear and trembling, as the inhabitants of a dis-
tant province, to seek the protection of a strong
central Government; we are willing and resolved
to do our part as men in supporting and uphold-
ing that Government, through which we have
prospered, though all the Powers on earth were
to conspire to produce its ruin.
All that we ask is to aid us in carrying out our
strong resolution; to cooperate with us in the pa-
triotic attempt to establish our commercial and
maritime independence of Great Britain, and to
create and develop within ourselves the means of
repelling foreign aggression, and competing suc-
cessfully with foreign enterprise.
When we reflect on the vast expenditures en-
tailed on our country by this revolution, when
we count the millions it has already swallowed
up, arid the millions that are yet to be expended
to render the country safe against all complica-
tions, a small bonus, conditionally asked, to enable
us of remote California to contribute our share in
maintaining our national honor and supremacy,
appears indeed trifling.
Let us show to the world that our arm is not
palsied, our lecuperative energies not spent, nor
our undaunted spirit humbled by even a gigantic
internal struggle. Now is a proper time to prtjve
to the woild that we have surrendered none of our
high purposes; that we are still equal to the ex-
ecution of all the magnificent, designs which as
men, with an undying faith in ourgreat mission,
wc have dared to conceive. All national progress,
all greatness of character, all real virtue, is in
action; to stand still is to recede, and to recede is
but the beginning of national decline.
Mr. President, in this our hour of trial, I, for
one, cannot doubt my countrymen; cannot for a
moment give room to the thought that this great
country of ours, this world in itself, biassed with
everything that Heaven can bestow on land and
people, is to be annihilated by folly and crime.
Vast as it is, and capable of sustaining a larger
population in proportion than all Europe, nature
intended that Us magnificent domain should be in-
habited by one great people, of common origin
and blood, a common language, a common liter-
ature, a common inheritance of manners and cus-
toms, a common wealth, and a common history—
no impcruim in hnperio !
All our great rivers, the groat arteries of com-
merce,flow fiom north to south; all our mountain
chains run from northeast to southwest, equal-
izing, far more than the difference in latitude would
warrant, our climate, and producing greater uni-
formity of temper and disposition in our people,
north and south, than is observed among the in-
habitants of other continents.
The southerly winds from the Gulf of Mexico
are as exhaustingly felt in Boston as in Savannah,
and the northern gale, blowing from the Polar sea,
is as chilly in New Orleans in the midst of winter
as on the northwestern Jakes.
The natural productions of the North and South
may vary, and create a mutual dependence of one
section of our country on the other; but the peo-
Ele, with all the pains which short-sighted persons
ave taken to prove the contrary, do not demand
two distinct classifications, and. should be indisr
solubly bound together in fate and fame. And
though fratricidal hands be still uplifted in bloody
strife against a common national glorylet >isstiu
beseech the God of nations and of battle to prei-
serve and bring us forth a great, magnanimoi|s>
overshadowing people, whose influence shall be
felt on every continent and in the most remote
corner of the globe, and whose history may yet
for many years continue what it was, an unnn-
shed epic.
Instead of a fatal dualism, which ruined Greece,
divided Rome, and now divides our strength, ren-
dering us paralyzed at home and helpless to resist
coalitions of* foreign Powers, we shall then be
again a glorious unit, rejoicing in the manhood of
our national strength.
May the time soon come when patriotism will
doff his sectional shackles, and embracing>once
more the national faith, gather as in days of yore
round the old and honored national standard.
May the lost Pleiades be restored from the night
of their present aberration to that brilliant galaxy
of stars emblematic of our fixed faith, and typical
of our pathway of onward progress. -
Mr. President, in accordance with my under-
standing with the Senator from Illinois, who has
charge of the confiscation bill, I now move that
the further consideration of this subject be post-
poned until next Tuesday, at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
not propose to make it a special order for one
o'clock.
Mr. LATHAM. If it interferes with your bill
I will give way. 1 merely want to keep it before
the body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just let it be postponed,
and the Senator can have it taken up then, if it
does not interfere with the other bill.
Mr. LATHAM. Very well, sir; I will take
that course.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (No. 60) extending the pro-
visions of a certain act to all the military depart-
ments of the United States, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
ARMY MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
The PRESIDENT/)ro tempore. The Chair will
lay before the Senate the bill (S. No. 188) to in-
crease the efficiency of the Army, which the House
of Representatives has passed with an amendment.
The question is, " Will the Senate concur in the
House amendment?"
- Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate non-concur in the House amendment,
and ask for a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses. The amendment proposed
is substantially the original bill of the Military
Committee as introduced here. One very import-
ant sectionf confining the increase to the continu-
ance of the present rebellion, is left out. We can-
not concur in that, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring m the amendment of the House
of Representatives. The negative of that vote is
the affirmative of the proposition suggested by
the Senator fiom Massachusetts. The Chair will
put the question on concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
that the Senate ask for a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Wil-
son of Massachusetts, Lane of Indiana, and Nes-
mitii, were appointed.
THE TAX BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 312) to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government and pay
interest on the public debt; in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
The bill (H. R. No. 312) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, was read twice by its
title,and referred to the Committee on Finance.
