1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
- The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(-S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and free
the slaves of rebels.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New York
[Mr. Harris] not being in his seat, and being, I am
told, kept away by illness, I desire now to move
the amendment which I indicated some time ago,
as a substitute. I move to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and insert:
That the Piesident, in suppressing the present insurrec-
tion, is hereby authorized, and, wherever practicable, re-
quired, Co take possession of sill the property, real and per-
sonal, belongmgloanyorieofthcfollowingclassof persons,
to wit: First. Persons hereafter acting as officers of the
army <>i navy of the rebels, now or hereafter in aims against
the Government. Second. PeiHOnshereafteractingaspres-
ident, vice president, member of Congress*, or judge of the
so-called confederate States. Third. Governors of States,
members of State conventions and Legislatures, andjudges
ofeouits of States now in rebellion, wlio shall hei eat tcr take
au oatli tosupportthe constitution of said confederate States,
or, having taken such oath, shall hereafter act as such.
FourtffT Persons who, having held an office of honor, trust,
or profit in the United Suites shall hereattei hold or exeicise
an office in said contederate States. Fifth. Persons who,
owning property m the loyal Suites and lesiding m a State
in-rebellion against the Government, shall hereafter assist
ov give aid and comfort to suclncbcllion. All hdles, trans-
fers?, or conveyances by any such person of any such prop-
erty or of any claim to the service or labor ofanothei ai'ier
the committing of either of the acts herein descuhed shall
be nun and void ; and it shall be a sufficient bar to any suit
brought by such person to recover the povses.-ion or for the
use of such property or any of it, or to enforce such scivice
or labor, to allege and prove that he is one of the peisons
described in this section.
Sec. ±,jSnd be it further enacted, That to secure posses-
sion ot any of such property situate and boingin loyal States,
or distiu t&in which the oidiimry course ol judicial proceed
Ings K not obstructed by the lebellion, pioceodmgs in tern
shall be instituted in the name of the United States, in any
district court ot the United States, within which the estate
or property detcribcd in the fit ot section, or any part thereof,
may be found, which proceedings shall conform, as nearly
as may he, to proceedings m prize cases, or to eases of foi -
feitureariMiig under the levenue laws; and m all cases the
property adjudged to he the property of any person described
in the first section, whether real or personal, shall be sold
and conve>ed to the puiohaser as any sale of propeity m
execution,and the proceud^ bhall be deposited in the Tieas-
ury of the United States.
Sec. 3. Jim I be it further cnacted, That the property
seized under the first section of tins ;tct, situate and bring
in States or districts in which the ordinary course ot judi-
cial pioceedm^ is obstructed by the rebellion, shall be u&ed,
occupied, rented, ov held, until the mdmary couise ol judi-
cial pioceedings shall be restored in the State ordistnet in
which such pioperty is situate, when proceedings in rem
shall be li^titutcd jn the mode piociibed in the second
.section oi ihls act: Provided, Tuai aitides of ^ub-iMener
or of a perishable nature seized undei this hill shall be iNed
or sold ah tin: mteiest of tile seivice tequm'*.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enuiU'.d, That no pei^on de-
sciibed in the tiist section of tin?. act shall hold any pei&on
to service or labor who w.is held by htm to such service or
labor at any tune after the passage of this act, and beiotc
the tennumtion ot this rebellion ; and the person so held to
service and labor shall be disclunged thereltom.
Sec. o. And be it farther enacted, That the seveial dis-
trict courts of the United Stales aie hereby invented with
povvei to u ue all pioccs^, whether mo&ne or final, includ-
ing garnishee and process, as in eases of foreign attach-
ment, and to do every other matter and thing neee.^aiy or
proper to cany out the puipo.->cs ot this act.
Sco. 6. JlnA be it further cnacted, That the President is
hereby authoi izcd, by a pioclamatton of ainne^tv, to release
either of the five classes of poisons descubed m the first
section of this act, lesuimg in any paitieular State oi dis-
trict. irom the operations ol this act
Sec. 7. .find be it further enacted, That evei y person who
after sixty days from the pa-sage ot this act shall continue
in lelielhon against the United States, or adheie ft) then
enemies, giving them aid and oomtort, shall be deemed in-
famous. and shall hold no ofiice of honor, Uust, or piofit
within the United States.
Sec. 8 JInd I c it further enacted* That nothing in this
act shall opei.ite or \w. eoristmed to pieveut or m any way
affect any pto«.ecntton oi other pioceediugs against any per-
son who ma> have incuited the toifcitiuc heiein pie-?ciibed,
to punish any ctmie, or asseit or entoieo any other forfeit-
ure of which such person may be guilty, or winch he may
have incurred undei any oihet law ot the United Mates.
S^EC. Jind be it further enaited, That the Pie-ulent is
hereby authorized by pioclamation to call upon all inhabit-
ants within any State whose otticeis and State orgatii/a- j
lion shall still be in lebellion against the United States alter
sixty days from the pn-s.'ige ot tln«- act, to aid and assnt in
suppressing such rebellion; and all persons so aiding oi as-
sisting the United States, wiio under the laws ot such SLUe
owe service, or labor, or money, or propci t> to any poison
levying war against the United States, or aiding or assist-
ing their enemies, giving them aid and comloit, shall he
forever discharged ftom such obligation, any law ot custom
of such State to the contrary notwithstanding; and the
President is authorized to employ, arm, and equip all such
loyal inhabitants as he may deem advantageous to the pub-
lie seivice.
the vote shall be taken on strikingout and insert-
ing;, the Chair desires to suggest as a matter, not
of absolute order, but of practical convenience,
that the original bill be first perfected; and that
being done, that the substitute«s offered be per-
fected , and then the vote taken on striking out and
inserting.
Mr. WILLEY. At some time I intended to
offer an amendment to the third section of the
original bill. If it is proper to offer it now, I will
do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is entirely
proper.
Mr. WILLEY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
which Is a substitute for the original bill. Inas-
much as the original bill and the substitute are
open to amendment by way of perfection before
  I move to amend the third
section by inserting in the sixth line the words,
" and also of all other persons of the African race
who are now free in any of the United States;"
and after the word " emigrate," in the same line,
inserting " or who may be hereafter manumitted
either by the voluntary act of individuals or by
State authority for the purpose of being so trans-
ported, colonized, and settled," and at the end of
the section adding:
And the sum of millions of dollars is hereby appio-
priated out ot any money in the Treasury of the United
States not otheiwi-o appropriated, to be applied by the
Prc&idcnt in carrying into eftect the piovisions of this sec-
tion.
The section, if thus amended, will read:
That it shall lie the duty of the President of the United
States to make provision for the tiatlspoi tation, coloniza-
tion, anil settlement ni some tropical countiy, beyond tlio
limits of the United State:-, of «ucli persons of the Ahican
race made Iree by the piovi^ion- of this act, and also ol all
othei peisonsoftlle Afiicail nice who aid now flee ill any of
the United States as mav be willing to ''imuiati', who
may bo heieatter manumitted either by the voluntary act
of individuals oi byStale authority (or the puipo-col beim;
so tiansported, colonized, and settled, having lirstobtamtd
the content of tin1 Govi'rnmentof said country totheit pio-
teetion and settlement within the same with all the lights
and privileges of fieenien ; and the -mil of imllioilsot
do!I,u-i is hereby appiopiiated out of any money in the
Tiea-ury not otiierwise appiopnated. to be applied by the
Piesideut in cany nig into effect the provisions of this sec-
tion.
The PP^ESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
question is taken on this amendment to the ori-
ginal bill, it is proper that the blank in it should
be filled with some specific amount. Will the
Senator from Virginia, indicate the amount with
which to fill the black ?
air. WILLEY. Five millions.
The PRESi DENT/iro tempore. That sum will
be inserted. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator fiom Virginia to the original bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL, in regard to that amend-
ment, perhaps we may as well act on it at once,
if no one desires to speak on the bill. The amend-
ment is not germane to the bill; it introduces Into
It a new question; that is, the disposition of the
fiee negroes of the country. This bill relates to
the rebellion, and the third section provides that
the staves who are discharged by leason of the
crime of their masters in fighting against the Union
shall, so far as they desire to do so, be assisted
by the President to emigrate to some other coun-
try, or rather makes it the duty of the President
to assist such as may desire to emigrate who are
made free by the provisions of this act. Now,
the Senator from Virginia proposes a new prop-
osition, l4iat is, to colonize the free negroes of the
country. I trust, sir, that will not be introduced
into this bill, however desirable it may be. I agree
with him; I should be glad to see the free negroes
of this country settled where they could assert all
the rights and occupy the position of fiee men,
without any domineering race; where they would
notonlyhavecivilaml political rights,legal rights,
but where their social rights and privileges would
benpon a level with all the community with whom
they associated. Rut I do not think it best to in-
troduce a proposition of that kind into this bill,
and 1 tiust it will not be done.
' Mr. "WILLEY. I have no intention to discuss
this proposition of amendment at any length. I
merely presented it to have the sense of the Senate
upon it.
I do not know whether the bill will pass or not,
but amendments have been proposed on the hy-
pothesis that it might become a law, and, looking
to the consequences that would grow out of the
practical operation of the bill if it become a law,
1 have felt it my duty, coming from the State of
Viiguii.i, to propose this amendment. Allow mo
to say to the distinguished Senator from Illinois,
what I think the policy and public voice of his
own State have sufficiently indicated, that the two
races, the white race and the black race, in this
country, can never live together m harmony to
the advantage of either race, where, in point of
numbers, the races stand anything nearly equal.
The black man, the negro,cannotltveand prosper
in the presence of the white man. He is an infe-
rior, he must be inferior, and he must be subject
to all the inconveniences of inferiority. _ If the
number of negroes in any community in this
country shall approximate nearly to that of the
white race, just as inevitably as that fact takes
place, the other fact, so powerfully illustrated by
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] some
time ago, will necessarily occur. There will be
collision between the two races. They can never
live together in anything like equal numbers in
this country in peace and m security. The negro,
whatever we may say about the natural rights of
that race, must be in this country forever an in-
ferior race. He never can be socially equal, and,
after all, that is the distinguishing characteristic
of equality. He is under the ban of social infe-
riority in this country. Never can he rise to the
dignity of a freeman or to the enjoyment of all the
rights of a freeman. The two races cannot live
together and prosper.
"Now, sir, before I take my seat, allow me to
present to Senators certain facts; and they will
see that I am not introducing tins amendment by
way of embarrassing the bill of the distinguished
Senator from Illinois at all. I have no such pur-
pose in view. What will be the operation ot this
bill if it becomes a law and is applied to Virginia,
for instance? I will take Virginia by way of illus-
tration. How many slaveholders have we in Vir-
ginia, and how many of these slaveholders are
actually and absolutely engaged in the rebellion?
if this bill becomes a law, and if it have any con-
siderable practical effect, what must be the result
upon the State which 1 represent on this floor ?
We have now nearly sixty thousand free negroes
in the State of Virginia. Is it unreasonable to
suppose that the operation of this bill will be, at
least, to release an equal number of slaves, to
throw upon our community sixty thousand more
of this inferior race?
Sir, the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr*
Siiermam] the other day spoke of the fact that he
was not willing to receive into his State any more
free negroes than exist there; and yet Senators
are wilinig to throw broadcast upon the State of
Virginia, sixty thousand, or one hundred thou-
sand, or one hundred and sixty thousand, per-
haps, of this useless, inferior class ot population,
to the great detriment of the interests of the State
that I represent. Sir, is that just, is it fair ? The
State of the honorable Senator Irom Illinois has,
recently, I believe, adopled a constitutional pro-
vision, preventing the introduction of a negro
further into that State, and yet the policy of this
hill of the honorable Senator from Illinois is to
throw upon the community of Virginia one hun-
dred and fifty thousand more free negroes than
we have, perhaps, while he is unwilling to icceive
one single individual of this class of population
into his own State. I ask if this is just; I ask if-
it is generous to the coordinate and coequal States
of this Confederacy ?
Now, sir, let us look just a moment—for I will
not discuss this bill—a little further into the prac-
tical operation of it, and realize it. The evils ot
this useless and lnjuuous population in Virginia,
having, as I have said,about sixty thousand, have
been suclrthat it has been a matter of discussion
and serious consideration with our Legislature
lor years past whether both the interests of the
free negro and the interests of the white man did
not require that the whole race of free negioes m
Virginia should be reensUved. Sir, what will be
the necessary and inevitable result ol this policy if
it be carried into effect? It will be that Virginia,
by this increase of the free negro population under
the operation of this bill, will be driven not only
 nper 
to reenslave those who may be manumitted under
the operation of the present bill, but also to re-
enslave the sixty thousand free negroes already
there. That will be the policy that my honorable
friend fiom Kentucky [Mr. Davis] will see take
effect in his State; and so it must be in Mary-
land, and in eveiy State where the operation of
this bill will, to any extent, increase the number
of the free negro population.
I ask again, sir, whether it be not necessary,
