84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr. DoolitUe.
Senate.
judging both from the number of parishes, from the number
of churches, and from the progress among the schools."
1 have referred to these statistics, showing the
actual condition of these French colonies before
and after emancipation, and they go to sustain
what the Senator from New Hampshire showed
in his speech yesterday, that although the first
eiFectof emancipation was to disturb business and
show a falling off in imports and exports, yet, after
the first few years, there has been a full recovery;
and more, that they are, year by year, still ad-
vancing in their material, social, moral, and reli-
gious condition.
But it may be said that both in the English and
in the French colonies the cause of emancipation
was sustained by a great central power at home,
and but for the support of the civilized and pow-
erful Governments of England and France, this
feeble race would have failed. To meet that I
point you to the republics of Hayti and Liberia,
whore this race controls society, politics, and gov-
ernment. What are the facts in relation to Hayti?
Until this present session we have never recognized
the republic of Hayti; yet, in spite of our neglect,
our commercial lclations with her have been of
mou: consccmencc than with many of the civilized
Powers of tne earth. Out of seventy-five foreign
States or countries with whom we hold commer-
cial relations, she occupies the twenty-first rank
among our exports, and the twenty-fourth rank
among our imports. During the year ending the
*J0t ii of June, 18(50, our exports tollayti amounted
to and our imports from Hayti during
the .same period to #2,00^,7:23. Our trade with
llayli is mme than it is with the eight millions of
Mexico.
This colored race is put on trial in Hayti to-
day, So, ton, we ourselves arc on trial to determ-
ine the irrout question whether even our own race
with all our advantages, is capable of maintaining
constitutional liberty und self-government. "We
are m the midst of that trial. I, for one, am full
of hope, confidence, and expectation; but not
without fear. I cannot altogether repress the anx-
ious inquiry which sometimes rises, whether we
shall be able, to go through this great struggle and
maintain our constitutional liberty unimpaired.
Not whether wc&hirfl subdue this rebellion, for 1
have never doubted that; but whether, from the
exertion of such tremendous powers by the Fed-
eral Government, we may not absorb all power
here, trample under our (eet alfthe rights of the
Suites, break down all constitutional barriers, and
make this one gieat consolidated empfie to reenact
the history of Home. That is a question upon
which every reflecting mind must pause.
litif to return: the negro iace is 011 frio! in Hayti.
i itrfji've will be a success. The President of
that republic feels conscious of their situation, and
iu eloquent terms uppeals to tiie colored men to
come to thvir support and aid them in this trial.
President Gctfrard says:
Is Hayti will soon regain hov ancient splendor. This mar-
velous soil thai our fathers, blessed by God, conquered for
u*> will H(Mtn yield to UKihe woalili now hidden in its bo-
ttom. Let our black and yellow brethren, scattered through
the Antilles, ami North and SmiUi Ameilca, hasten to co-
op.-rutr with us In ro*torln« the glory ot the republic.
IJrtUi i* tin* rnmmon country of the black race, Ouraa-
ersionsm taking po-^ew.uou ol it, u'rivcaieiul to announce
iji tlirMm*utiition tluit tlicy pubh.-hod, that all th<'d« on«d-
mits ol Africans, and of the inhabitant* ol the West Indies,
by ii gin io the Hayti an I,und}-. The idea was <n:ruid
and j|Onero -..
Li-t<m, thou, ull ye negroes and umhitroes. who in Ibis
vavt cimtintmt of America surtbi Iroiu the prejudice- of
ca^-ee. The republic calls you; she invite* >ou lo tmii£?
to her your twin* mui y* ir minds. The toi?eaeratin« woik
tli;it i-hi- undertakes interest* all colored people and their
d<^eendaats no matter what their ongiu, or whore their
pt.'iee oi'biitii.
*• Ifayti, i('gaining her former position, retaking her an-
cient sceptei as queen of the Antilles, will b^ a lormal de-
nial, nuM (*lfxjnt:n't ami pereinptorv, against those detrac-
tors of our race who content oar desire und ability to attain
a high degree of civilization."
Through liis .authorized general agent of omi-
grniion lie ull'ors to these people greatadvantages.
Hp .says:
" f urn authoiizt',1 and instructed bv the Government of
llierepublic tooti'er you, individually and by cnmntunl'ics
a welcome, a home,ami ai'rec lioiur&iuHd, in Hayti." " '
* * * ^ ***##'
"To each family of emigrants, five carreaux" 
A carreau is about three acres—
"To each family of emigrants five earreaux of fresh and
ferule land, capable of growing all the fruits and staples of
the tropics, will be gratuitously given, on the sole condition
that they shal I settle on it and cultivate it, and declare their
intention of becoming citizens of Hayti. To unmarried
men, on similar conditions, two earreaux will be granted.
" Board and lodging, free of cost, will be furnished to the
emigrants for at least eight days after their arrival in the
island.
u The Government also will find remunerative work for
those of you whose mpans will not permit you to begin
immediately an independent cultivation.
" Emigrants are invited to settle iu communities.
" Sites for the erection of schools and chapels wiil be do-
nated by the State, without regard to the religious belief of
the emigrants.
" The same protection and civil rights that the laws give
to Haytians are solemnly guarantied to {lie emigrants.
" The fullest religious liberty will be secured to them;
they will never be called on to support the Roman Catholic
Church.
u No military service will be demanded of them, except-
ing that they shall foim military companies and drill them-
selves onee a month."
But it is said these people are unwilling to go.
The fact is otherwise, not as to all, but as to great
numbers of the most enterprising and intelligent.
They arc accepting this invitation from Hayti,
and arc going to it by hundreds and by thousands.
There is now a line of steamships. They are
going from Canada, from Michigan, from Ohio,
from New York, from every part of the United
States. They are building up flourishing commu-
nities; shall wc not aid thorn? Justice demands
it at our hands. Every consideration of human-
ity, every high, patriotic, and Christian motive
which can move a noble and munly heart, uiges it
upon us as a work of duty and of charity. Oh, my
God, if one half the money, talent, and energy
expended in this war had been directed to the
emancipation and colonization of this people, how
would the angels in heaven rejoice, and shout,
" peace on earth and good will to men."
I know it is sometimes said that the objection
which is felt on the part of the white population
to living side by side, on a footing of social and
civil equality, with the negro race, is mere preju-
dice. Sir, it has its foundations deeper; it is in
the very instincts of our nature, which are stronger
and oftentimes truer than reason itself. Men of
wealth and fortune, men of high-wrought educa-
tion, and men of rank and position, Who are re-
moved above the trials and sympathies of the
great mass of laboring men, may reason and theo-
rize about social and political equality between
the white and the colored race; but I tell you as
a practical fact, it is simply an impossibility. Out-
very instincts are against it. Let us look at the
facts, and neither deceive ourselves nor deceive
anybody else. Mow do the people in the free
States stand on this question ? In my State them
are so few colored men that there is now no great
feeling on the subject one way or the other; but
suppose it should now be proposed to distribute
the whoU negro population equally among the
States, which would bring into the State of Wis-
consin about one hundred and twenty thousand,
say seven thousand to Milwaukee, and fiom one
to two thousand to each of the towns of Racine,
Madison, Janesville,Kenosha, Watertown,Osl>-
kosh,l<\>nd du Lac, and other places, what would
be their feelings then? What would our people,
native and foreign born, say to that? Sir, they
would probably feel and say just what the.peo-
ple of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois
feel and say on this subject. Illinois has just
held a convention, and formed a new constitution,
which excludes free colored men, as did the old
constitution. Indiana has a similar piovision,
cithei by constitutional requirement or by legis-
lative enactment. Ohio had until quite recently
j a law by winch a free colored man was required
| to give bail for his good behavior. Nor are the
, people of New England devoid of this same feel-
j nigeither. By the laws of Massachusetts inter-
i marriages between these races are forbidden as
j criminal. Why forbidden ? Simply because nat-
j ural instinct revolts at it as wrong. Comedown
j to the practical question whether, if the whole
I negro population of the United States were to be
f sot free, and to be apportioned and distributed
j among the several States, and you would find
j just as much repugnance in New England as you
| no w see exhibited in Illinois, or Indiana, or Penn-
sylvania. Their humanity would rejoice at their
freedom; but their instincts wpuld shrink back at
their apportionment.
I can give you a ease directly in point. A very
distinguished gentleman from Vermont was first
elected to Congress, I believe, about 1843. One
of the well-to-do farmers in his neighborhood
called upon him, the evening before he was to
leave for Washington, to pay his respects. He
found him in his office, and told him that he came
for that purpose, and to bid him good bye. "And
now, judge,'' said he, "when you get to Wash-
ington, I want to have you take hold of this negro
business, and dispose of it in some way or other;
have slavery abolished, and be done with it."
"Well," said the judge, "as the people who own
these slaves, or claim to own them, have paid their
moneyforthem, and hold them as property under
their State laws, would it not be just, if we abolish
slavery, that some provision should be made to
make them compensation?" He hesitated, thought
earnestly for awhile, and, in a serious tone, re-
plied: " Yes, I think that would be just, and I
will stand my share of the taxes." Although a
very close and economical man, he was willing
to bear his portion of the taxes. u But," said the
judge, "there is one other question; when the
negroes are emancipated, what shall be done with
them? They are a poor people; they will have
nothing; there must be some place for them to
live. Do you think it would beany more than fair
that we should take our share of them ?" " Well,
what would be ouv share in the town of Wood-
stock?" he inquired. Thejudgercplied: "There
are about two thousand five hundred people in
Woodstock; and if you take the census and make
the computation, you will find that there would be
about one for every five white persons; so that here
in Woodstock our share would be about live hun-
dred." '• What!" said he," five hundred negroes
in Woodstock ! Judge,Icalledtopay myrcspects;
1 bid you good evening;" and he started for the
door, and mounted his horse. As he was about
to leave, he turned round and said: "Judge, I
guess you need not do anything more about that
negro business on my account." [Laughter,]
Mr. President, perhaps I am not going too far
when I say that honorable gentleman sits before
me now, [Mr. Collameh.]
Mr. COLLAMER. As the gentleman has
called me out, I may be allowed to say that the
inhabitants of the town were about three thou-
sand, and the proportion was about one to six.
Mr. DOOL1TT-LE. That does not vary the
result. Sir, when we come to the thing itself, and
look it squarely in the face,it is a very important
question what is to bedon^ m relation to this race
ofpeople when they arc emancipated. Within this
District and within the Territories, we have all
power and all responsibility. Within the several
States, however, it belongs to them and to their
people. They have the undoubted right to regu-
late as they have always regulated their own pol-
icy upon this subject for themselves. We know
how much that policy varies, in free as well as
slave States. In some free States they have civil
rights alone; in others, political rights also. In
others still, they arc forbidden to come at all.
The slave States have peculiar policies of their
own. In none are free negros allowed to come.
Some will not allow a negro to be emancipated un-
less he Is taken out of the State; and within the
hist few years some of them have passed most
cruel laws to compel those already free to leave
the State or be reenslavcd, sold at the auction
block.
All thisgoes to demonstrate that Jefferson knew
as much about this question as the new lights of
the present day. He, who was himself the author
of the declaration of the equal rights of all the races
of mankind, declares to you also as a fact indis-
putable that the two races upon the same soil side
by side in anything like equal numbers cannot and
will not live together upon a footing of equality.
To illustrate this feeling m the slave States still
further, I will state another fact not geneially
known, and I do so upon the authority of Andrew
Johnson, of Tennessee. In 1856, when he was
Governor, there were fears of a negro insurrection
in that State. Large numbers of the non-slavehold-
ing white population called upon him as Governor
for arms. For what purpose? To prevent an
insurrection of the slaves? ' This was the alleged
purpose; but he ascertained the fact to be that
these men were conspiring to massacre the whole
slave population in that section of the State, and
