1862.]
3Tth Cong....2d Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
Emancipation—Mr, Doolittle.
Senate.
he was compelled to call out the militia, not to
prevent the negroes from rising in insurrection,
but to prevent the whites from destroying them
altogether.
I know this bill relates only to the District of
Columbia, and my amendment to colonization
from this Districtonly; but it naturally opens the
whole field of discussion of the true relations of
the two races towards each other. Washington,
Jefferson,Madison, Monroe, Clay,and Jackson,
not only loved liberty as ardently as we do, but
they understood this question of race in all its
bearings. It is well known they all favored eman-
cipation with colonization. I state a fact notgen-
eraliy known, that General Jackson, when Pres-
ident, in Cabinet council, intending to carry out
this policy, proposed the purchase of some terri-
tory from Mexico, to become the homes of free
colored men, to be occupicd as a territory for
themselves and all who should become emanci-
pated. But the troubles growing out of the trea-
son of Calhoun postponed any definite action.
But the day for action is at hand; it cannot be
postponed. There must be a solution. It be-
longs, it is true, mainly to the people of the States.
Some responsibility, however, rests upon the Fed-
eral Government. It has the undoubted power,
by treaties with Hayti, Liberia, and other tropi-
cal States, to acquire rights of settlement and of
citizenship for all free persons of African descent
who may desire to migrate to those countries, and
thus, with very little expense, gain free homesteads
for them and their children forever. This would
open the way for the slaveholding States, if any
of them desire to avail themselves of the opportu-
nity, to emancipate and colonize their slaves, and
thus open their own rich fields to be forever the
homes of the pure Anglo-Saxon race.
There are,andtherecanbe,in my judgment,but
three solutions to this negro question. One is the
solution of John C. Calhoun, one of John Brown,
and a third, midway and equally removed from
both extremes, the solution of Thomas Jefferson.
calhoun's solution.
Calhoun and his followers, Toombs and Davis,
say,in substance, "slavery is a blessing to man-
kind, hlack and white. Extend it everywhere;
reopen the slave trade, bring all Africa into sla-
very, to christianize and civilize the negro race;
buy if you can, if not, seize (7uba and all central
ana tropical America; plant slavery all around the
Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean sea, until the
slaveholding aristocracy, proclaiming ' cotton as
king,'reaching through the valley of the Orinoco
to the valley of the Amazon, shall shako hands
with the slaveholding empire of Brazil. Then
shall slavery, the great Dagon at whose shrine we
worship, hold within its embrace a monopoly of
the sugar and the cotton of the world." This is
the solution of southern fanaticism; this is the
dream of southern mad ambition. It is a gigantic
dream. Could they have held the Government
for one or two administrations more, they would
have struggled to realize it. But the power was
wrested from their hands. Their dream is bro-
ken, and for that they make war upon the Gov-
ernment they could not hold.
john brown's solution.
The second is John Brown's solution. It is
based on this idea—that all the negro population
of the United States should be instantly set free,
by act of Congress, or by arms, where they now
are, side by side with their masters, throughout all
the slave States, and placed on a footing of equal-
ity, entitled to all the rights of manhood, civil and
political, of the citizens of those States; at once
trampling down the rights of the States, and pro-
ducing a system of equality which would bring the
laboring white man and the laboring colored ^nan
precisely upon the same level, to compete for wages
in the same market. This, of necessity, where
their numbers bear any proportion to each other,
must lead to an ii irrepressible conflict" of race,
and to the expulsion of one or the other, or to an
amalgamation of races, to produce in the southern
States the same condition that exists in Mexico,
making them into mulatto States, and thus solve
the negro question.
This is the John Brown solution. The first
through Davis and Toombs, fourteen months ago
said, "down with the Constitution, give us a new
Constitution to carry slavery all over Mexico and
Central America as fast as we can acquire it, or
we will destroy the Government." Tne second
cries, down with the Constitution. It is a cov-
enant with hell. It gives Congress no power to
abolish slavery in the States. Make a new Con-
stitution." Sir, I will not yield to the demands
of either.
Jefferson's solution.
I have stood and will continue to stand for that
solution of the negro question which Jefferson,
the author of the Declaration of Independence,
himself proposes, which, while it will in the end
give universal liberty to universal man, will grad-
ually and peacefully separate these two races for
the highest good and to the joy of both; giving
to each in their own place the enjoyment of their
rights, civil, social, political. That solutionis in
accoi dance with that law of the Almighty by which
the black man dominates the tropics, and always
will; by which our race dominates the temperate
zone, and will forever. It is easier to work with
Him than against Him. When we accept the
solution of Jefferson, which falls neither into the
fanaticism of the one nor the blindness of the
other, we shall then-see the beginning of the end
of that irrepressible conflict, more of race than of
condition, which has disturbed us so long. Until
it be solved, there can be no permanent peace.
Mr. President, what idea underlies the war now
going on ? The leaders of the rebellion were goaded
to it by mad ambition. Slavery was their pretext;
but the great mass of the non-slaveholding people
there were deluded into it. They wore told, and
became maddened at the thought, that the pur-
pose of the Republican party is, not merely to pre-
vent slavery going into the Territories and to abol-
ish it in this District, where we have the power,
but that its real purpose is to overturn slavery in
the States; to put the black man there upon a
footing of social and political equality with them-
selves and their wives and children. They wore
made to believe that John Brown was its true rep-
resentative; that if Mr. Lincoln should be elected
the slaves would be set free and armed against
their masters. They believed it. That belief
brought before their eyes, to be reenacted at their
own homes, all the horrors of St. Domingo—fire,
rape, and slaughter; dwellings burned, children
butchered, wives and daughters lavished upon the
dead bodies of their husb^idsand fathers. They
were made to believe it all. That belief drove them
to frenzy. That alone roused in their breasts a
passion too strong for their patriotism. That
alone made them desert the flag of the Union and
take up arms against this Government.
What we may constitutionally and justly do to
confiscate the property, including slaves, of the
leading conspirators upon whom this crime rests,
which {i ^ p0wers to damn"
can hardly punish, I will not now consider; I
may do so on some proper occasion hereafter.
I will only now say, that if we now do just what
they chargcd us with intending to do; if, by
one sweeping act of Congress, we declare the
immediate and unconditional emancipation of all
the slaves in all the States, to remain forever
within the States against the will of the people in
those States, we shall make true every prophecy
of our enemies against us, and make false the
pledges we made in the canvass of 1860, on which
we won the victory, and by which alone we
brought this Administration into power. This
course would make us appear to be false and
hypocritical before God and man. For one I will
not consent to do it. I say to my friends here,
there is no Republican on this floor who took part
in the canvass of 1860, who did not a hundred
times over declare that we had neither the consti-
tutional power nor the purpose to interfere with
slavery within the States. How then can we now
advocate a doctrinc in violation of every pledge
we then gave, and on which we brought this Ad-
ministration into power? Shall we now make true
every charge of our enemies against us, charges
which we denounced as false and infamous? Shall
we make them true instead of false prophets by
our actions now ?
Mr. President, while I would connect the ac-
tion of this Government in emancipating slaves
in this District with the idea of colonization, I
would rnake it not compulsory but voluntary emi-
gration. I would embrace those only who by
their own free consent are willing to go from this
District to Hayti, Liberia, or elsewhere. I am
not in favor of the amendment as proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] to compel
the colonization of all who maybe set free under
this bill. Upon this point I desire not to be mis-
understood . I would make this colonization vol-
untary ; upon their own free consent. I would hold
out inducements which might lead them to go, and
not compel them by force of arms. For that pur-
pose I have offered my amendment.
Another objection to Mr. Davis's amendment
is, that of those to be set free under this bill some
may be too old to go, some too young. There-
fore the money we appropriate for tins purpose
should be applied generally to all free persons of
color in this District who may desire to emigrate
under the direction of the President. If a com-
missioner to Hayti and Liberia were appointed he
could very properly superintend this business.
We may, perhaps, at some time hereafter estab-
lish a District bureau, with a commissioner, like
our Commissioner of Indian Affairs. The re-
public of Liberia also offers large inducements for
them to go there, and presents high hopes for tine
African race, and should not be overlooked; I
have already occupied so much time that I will
only say she offers substantially the same gen-
erous inducements which the republic of Hayti
now offers them. There are also many other
places. There is down upon the Gulf, just below
Tampico, in Mexico, a flourishing colony of free
negroes, founded by themselves, upon their own
account. They are raising cotton, sugar; and
coffee. There is also Honduras and the island of
Ruatan; then; is Nicaragua and Guatemala. The
President of Guatemala offers a large hacienda of
his own to settle a colony of free negroes, and will
favor a law to give them homesteads in the public
domain. There is also Venezuela, Yucatan, and
other States below the Gulf. The single island of
Hayti is capable of receiving immediately five
hundred thousand of these people. There, too, is
the island of Cuba, so long coveted to become the
seat of power for a great slaveholding empire
around the Gulf, which may itself, like Hayti,
yet become the cherished home of free colored
men. It is of itself capable of receiving and main-
taining the whole negro population of the United
States.
Behold all the islands of the Gulf and of the
Caribbean sea, all the lower States of Mexico and
Central and Southern America bordering upon the
Gulf.
There you see, sir, the best and most fertile re-
gion of the whole earth, capable of sustaining five
hundred millions of colored men lying almostat our
doors. With comparatively very little expendi-
ture we can plant those people as freemen, to re-
main our friends forever, all over that region; we
can, if we will, by treaties of amity, open up there
a commerce beyond the imagination of man to
conceive; we can found colonies to which our
ships will go loaded with emigrants and come back
loaded with their productions. Thus, by cher-
ishing friendly iclations, without owning one foot
of their terri tory, or being at the expense or trouble
of governing it, we can raise a commercial empire
at our feet which will be to us in commerce what
the East Indies are to Great Britain. All this we
can have almost for the asking.
In ail these countries the colored races predom-
inate. So far from objecting to receive our colored
population, they prefer them to the white race,
and for the same reason that we prefer our own.
The judicious expenditure of one, two, or three,
or even five, millions annually, in planting; our
best and most enterprising free colored men in all
these countries, would open new markets for ail
our productions and manufactures. Though not
nominally belonging to us, they would carry our
language, institutions, and customs with them.
They would be still of us; and by free trade, and
by the moral power of friendship and gratitude,
remain our producers and customers forever.
But, sir, there is another reason why we should
encourage colonization to Hayti now. ^Somo say
that Spain covets the whole island of San Do-
mingo. She has taken Dominica already, and
seems to threaten even the republic of Hayti. We
