584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
and received as a Democrat of the old school from
the olden time, and having fast southern- sympa-
thies, I did know all about them; and I cannot, in
the forum of my own conscience, conceive that
the Senator from Indiana knew less that I did. I
knew that secession was a thing determined upon.
Here I might state a fact; but I see there is a
great courtesy in the Federal Senate. Let me
remark one thing, and Senators will have occa-
sion to learn it, if they have not learned it yet;
they will want a little more infusion of iron, and
to be just as well as courteous. I say I cannot,
for a moment, suppose that the Senator from In-
diana knew less than I knew, and I was advised
of and understood the whole programme, knew
how it was to be done in its details; and 1 being
advised made war against it; he being advised
gave it his adherence and support. War had been,
in fact, inaugurated. What is war? Was it the
firing on our flag at Sumter? Was that the first
adversary passage ? To say so is trifling with
men's judgments and information. No, sir; when
they organized a government, and set us at defi-
ance, they commenced war; and the various steps
they took afterwards by organizing their troops,
and forming their armies, and advancing upon
Sumter; all these were merely acts of war; but
war was inaugurated whenever they undertook to
say they would maintain themselves as a separate
and independent government; and after that time
every man who gave his assistance to them was
a traitor, according to the highest law.
Now, without any unkindness to the gentleman
from Indiana, let mo say what I think of a traitor.
I think treason is the highest multiplication upon
crime known to numbers. It is falsehood to com-
mence with, and multiplied infinitely. A man who
is a traitor has to be false to himself, to his family,
to his God,and to his eomuiw. 1 do not mean to
say, in tins Senate, that the Senator from Indiana
is a traitor. I will not say that. I am only defin-
ing how I feel about a tiaitor. ( say that, he^not
knowing the fealty that belongs to the country,
not understanding what the duty was that a man
owed to his native land, to the country where he
had had his birth, to the institutions under which
he had grown up, lent his arm and his strength to
a foreign and a hostile power. If he were other
than he is, if he were less than a Senator, I might
understand that, ignorant of his obligations,
thoughtless of the duties he owed to the land
where he had been educated, and where he had
grown to manhood, and from which he had ac-
quired high office, he might have penned these
lines which have been published; but 1 cannot,
til my best and most just judgment, admit that as
a possibility. I know the Senator fiom Indiana.
He is a man of business; ho is a man of system;
he is a man of care. There are many men that I
can see about me now who might do thoughtless
things. When the Senator ftom Indiana did a
thoughtless tiling he made a mailt against it, 1
think, in the morning of lus hie, and he got over
it before he reached mature yeais. I cannot ;;ive
him the advantage of supposing that he only in-
tended to do a mere kindly, courteous act, which
I would give to many men whom I know. Nay,
more; were I disposed to do so, I should be de-
barred by what the Senator himself has declared
upon this floor, within the past month, reaffirm-
ing the sentiments held by linn when that letter
was written. I must hold hun, hy the Ivx scripta*
a careful man, who never put lus foot down any-
where be ft no he saw the place wheu; he was going
to plant it.
This letter was written by him iust on the eve
of extremities. 1 do not take anything from the
letter of Mr. Seward to our minister a! the Court
of St. James; I take nothing ftoiu what may hav
been said in the Tribune by a gentleman who is
called a representative of the Government. They
talked peace, 1 knew there was war. The Sena-
tor knew there was war. We ell knew that war
had been piede'termmed as the culmination of a
conspiracy of years. At that time, under those
eireumstaives, the Senate from Indiana wrote
his lettei—and he a Senator in this Hall; one of
the councilors of the nation; one of the men whose
office it was to he guardian foi the Republic—and
in that letter he commended to a traitor, at the
head of a tiaitorons government at war with us,a
man with his skill and his arms. 1 could read to
you from Blaekstone, and I could bring the act
within the tenus of the provision of the Constitu-
tion about treason, for I eould make it an overt
act; but I do not care to discuss those questions.
I merely wish to say that if I had done any such
thing, I think 1 should deserve, not merely ejec-
tion from high office, but the highest punishment
known to the law, and I would never dare to say
it was unjust when sentence was pronounced.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, when this
resolution for the expulsion of the Senator from
Indiana was first presented to the consideration of
the Senate, it was not my intention to say a single
word upon it. Presuming that action would be
had upon it at a very early day, I intended to
content myself with casting a silent vote. But the
question has assumed such a shape that, occupy-
ing the position I do, I cannot consent to record
my vote without giving some of the reasons that
influence my action.
I am no enemy of the Senator from Indiana. I
have no personally unkind feelings towards him.
I never had any, and have none now. So far as
my action on this case is concerned, it will be
controlled absolutely and exclusively by public
considerations, and with no reference to partisan
or personal feeling. I knowthat sincethediseus-
sion commenced, an intimation has been thrown
out, which I was pained to hear, that there was
a disposition on the part of some to hound down
the Senator from Indiana. Sir, I know that I
have no disposition* to "hound" any man. I
would to God it were otherwise than necessary
for me, as I think, to say a single word upon this
question, or even to be compelled to cast a vote
upon it. So far as I know, there has never been
any unkind feeling between the Senator and my-
self from the time we made our advent into public
life down to this moment. Although paity and
party associations and party considerations in-
fluence all of us more or less—and I do not pro-
tend to be exonerated from the influence of party
more than others—I know, if I know myself, that
no such considerations influence me now. Not
many years a%o there was a contest before the
Senate as to his admission as a Senator fiom the
State of Indiana; we a*ll remember the struggle
that took place. I will not say that the other side
of the Mouse were influenced by pnrty consider-
ations when the vote upon that question of ad-
mission took place; but if my memory serves me
correctly., there was upon one side of the House
a nearly strict party vote that he was not entitled
to his seat, while on the other side his right was
sustained entirely by a party vote. I was one of
those who voted for the Senator's admission to a
seat upon this floor under the circumstances. I
voted to let him into the Senate, and I am con-
strained to say that, before his term has expired,
1 am compelled to vote to expel him from if. In
saying this, I repeat that if I know myself, and I
think 1 do as well as ordinary men know them- j
selves, 1 cast this vote upon public considerations
cntiicly, and not from party or personal feeling.
Mr. President, I hold that under the Constitu-
tion of the United States we clearly have the power
to expel a member, and that, too, without our
assuming the character of a judicial body. It is
not necessary to have articles of impeaehmentpre-
ferred hy the other House; it is not necessary to
organize ourselves into a court for the purpose of
trial; but the principle is broad and clear, inherent :
m the very organization ofthe body itself, that we
have the power and the right to expel any mem- .
her from the Senate whenever we deem that the >
public mteiests are unsafe in his hands, and that i
he is unfit to be a member of the body. We all j
know, and the country understands, that provis-
ion of the Constitution which confers this power
upon the Senate. Jud^e Story, in commenting
upon the case of John Smith, in connection with
the pro\ision ofthe Constitution to which 1 have
referred, used the following language:
u 'I'li e precise mound of the failure of the motion docs not
appear; but it may be gathered, from the arguments of lus
counsel, that it did not nun upon any doubt tnatthe power
ol the donate extended to ea-e^ of misdemeanor not done
in the pie.-.-nee ot view of the body ; but most probably it
was decided upon some doubt a-^ to the tacts. It may be
thought dt then It to dirax a clear hnc ol distinction between
the ii'.'hf to inflict the punishment of expulsion and nny
otiiet puni-Jnnen! np;>n a member, founded on the time,
place, oi innne ot iho offense. The power to expel a mem-
ber is not in >be 7>iiu*di Jtou«i" of Commons confined to
offences committed by tin; paitv as a member, or during the
session of Parliament; bat u extends to all ease* wheie the
offense i-: Mich as. in the judgment ofthe House, unfits luni
for parh.inientaty duties "—Sfory^ Commentaries o/i tkr
Constitution, sec. 8J6.
The rule in the House of Commons was un-
doubtedly in the view of the framers of our Con-
stitution; and the question is, has the member un-
fitted himself, has he disqualified himself, in view
of the extraordinary condition of the country,
from discharging the duties of a Senator? Look-
ing at his connection with the Executive; looking
at the condition, and, probably, the destinies of
the country, we are to decide—without prejudice,
without passion, without excitement—can the na-
tion and does the nation have confidence in com-
mitting its destinies to the Senator from Indiana,
and others who are situated like him?
Tf wc were disposed to bring to our aid, and were
willing to rely upon, the public judgment, what
should we find ? When you pass through the coun-
try, the common inquiry is, "Why has not Sen-
ator Bright, and why have not others like him,
been expelled from the Senate?" ,1 have had the
question asked me again and again. I do not in-
tend, though, to predicate my action as a Senator
upon what may be simply rumor and popular
clamor or popular indignation; but still it is not
often the case that, when there is a public judg-
ment formed in reference to any great question be-
fore the country, that public judgment is not well
founded, though it is true there are sometimes
exceptions.
Having shown our power in the premises to be
clear according to the general authority granted
by the Constitution and the broad principle stated
by Judge Story in itg elucidation, I next turn my
attention to the case itself. The Senator from In-
diana is charged with having written a letter on
the 1st of March last to the chief of the rebellion,
which is the basis of this proceeding against him.
What was the condition of the country at the time
that letter was written? Did war then exist or not?
for really that is the great point in the case. On
that point, allow me to read an extract from the
charge of Judge David A. Smalley, to the grand
jury of the United States district court for the
"southern district of New York, published in the-
National Intelligencer of January 21, 1861:
" It is well known that war, civil war, exists in poitions
ofthe Union ; that persons owing allegiance to the United
States have confederated together, and with arms, by force
and intimidation, Jiave^rcvented the execution of the con-
stitutional acts of Congtess, have foicibly seized upon and
hold a eiMum-hmise and post office, forts, arsenals, ves-
sels, and other piopeity belonging to the United States, and
have actually fhed upon vessels bearing the United States
flag and carrying United States troops. This is a usuipa-
tion ofthe authority of the fedeiai Government; it is high
treason by levying war. Either one of those acts wiil con-
stitute high treason. There can be no doubt of it."
The judge here defines high treason, and he
goes on to say:
" What amounts to adbciing to and giving aid and com-
fort to our enemies, it is somewhat difhcult in all cases to
define; but coitam it is that furnishing them with arms"—
It really seems that, by some kind of intuition,
the judge had in his mind the precise case now
under our consideration, and had anticipated it
last January—
" ceitain-it is that furnishing them with arms or munitions
ot war, vessels orother means of'transportation, or any ma-
terials which will aid the traitois in eair>mgout their trai-
tmous put poses, with a knowledge that they aie intended
[ for such purpose®, oi inciting and encouraging others to
I engaee m or aid the tiaitors in any way, docs come within
j the piovisions ofthe act.'5
I In this view, even if we were sitting as a court,
bound by the rules and technicalities of judicial
proceedings, should we not be bound to hold that
this case comes within this legal definition. "And
it is immaterial," adds Judge Smalley,44 whether
such acts are induced by sympathy with the rc-
: bellion, hostility to the Government, or a design
| for gain."
i In view of these authorities, let us look at the
! letter. It was written on the 1st of March, ISM.
| The opinion of Judge Smalley was published in
! the Intelligencer of the 21stof January, 1861, and
| must, of course, have been delivered before that
I time. It would be doing the Senator's intelligence
i great injustice to presume that he was not as well
: informed on the subject as the judge was whowas
' charging the grand jury in reference to an act of
Congress passed at an early day in the history of
the Government. It would be doing him great
injustice to suppose that he was not familiar with
the statute. It would be doing him great injustice
to suppose that he had not observed the fact that
the attention of the country was being called by
the courts to the treason that was rampan t th rough-
