1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
I
remain here. They will increase. They will in-
crease probably in about the ratio that they have
increased. It will bother the wisest philosophy,
it will set at naught even the philanthropy and
•wisdom of my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.Doo-
little] to meet it with any schemes looking to
colonization in Central America, South America,
or elsewhere. He may elevate the condition of a
few; but, sir, any man who thinks that coloniza-
tion can in any possible degree remove this black
population from us, or that it can materially re-
tard their increase, that it will be felt even as the
small dust of the balance in relieving the country
of this population, had better turn to the records
of the Colonization Society from the period of its
first organization up to the present time, and he
will there find, illustrated in the official history of
that society, abundant proof of everything that I
have said.
Mr. WILLEY.' I certainly had no expectation
of provoking this discussion, and I rise now not
to prolong it but to disembarrass myself of a very
great misconception of the design and intention I
had in making ray previous remarks. Instead of
answering my arguments—if they are worthy of
being so called—the honorable Senator has trav-
eled into a metaphysical disquisition upon the mo-
rality of slavery. Sir, if the honorable gentleman
had been better cognizant of my antecedents, hum-
ble as they are, on this subject, he certainly would
never have conceived it to be his duty to rise
here and rebuke me for having uttered sentiments
that were contrary even to his peculiar theories.
It is not becoming a man to speak of himself; but,
rightfully or wrongfully, I have that consciousness
winch satisfies my own heart, having devoted
nearly half of all I had in setting negroes free.
Thousands of dollars out of my poor pittance and
estate have been surrendered as attestations of
my belief in the doctrine for which the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire has thought it ne-
cessary to rise up here and rebuke me. More-
over, sir, I go for this amendment upon the very
irmciples which he has so eloquently discussed,
t is that the progress of freedom, and 1 say it as
the representative of a slave State, may go on and
prosper; but that it may go on and prosper in a
manner that will be both secure and useful to the
white man and to the negro, to the slave State and
to the slave. As the result of my best delibera-
tion 1 have come to the conclusion that the nom-
inal boon of freedom to the negro m this country,
so long as he is to remain in this country, is a
mockery and delusion. In the condition of nom-
inal freedom he will forever be in a condition
worse in fact than ho would be in sustaining the
relation of slave to a beneficent master.
Then I cannot understand honorable Senators
here. If it is right to manumit slaves, if they are
to remain in this country, if the shackles of the
slave are to be broken off and he is to be set free,
if the great doctrine of human rights and human
freedom is so sacred that the slave ought to enjoy
this high boon, I beg the Senator not to prohibit
my slave, when I set him fiee, from finding a
lefuge in the rich soil of his own State. Let not
the Senator come hero to me talking about the
abstract right of freedom and the duty of setting
the slave free, at least in this country, while his
idea of the extent of the freedom of the slave is to
confine him to the manorwhere he was born. He
may be free whilo he remains there; but he is to
have no freedom, no right to go into Illinois or
into Indiana or Ohio or .New Jersey or Pennsyl-
vania.
That is what I complain of. I do not know
whether the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire voted the other day for the resolution de-
claring that it was the duty of the United States
to afford aid to the States initiating gradual eman-
cipation or not. My recollection is that he did
vote in favor of that resolution. Why, then, will
he not give some practical attestation of his belief
in the propriety of it ? I come here from a slave
State, a border slave State, that is to be affected
by the operation ofthat resolution. Senators have
first saiu to me, without asking for the aid, if you
will initiate emancipation in your State, it is the
duty of the United States to afford you aid and
compensation. Having voted for that resolution
myself, having taken Senatorsattheirword, hav-
ing taken these men in favor of human freedom
at their word, to-day I ask them to give some
practical evidence that they were sincere when
they placed on the record here their solemn dec-
laration that it was the duty and it was right on
the part of the United States to afford this aid.
They propose in punishment of treason to man-
umit a great number of these slaves. Why shall
they be the objects of this bounty more than the
slaves that were already free, and who are better
qualified for the duties of freedom than those who
will be affected by the operation of this bill ?
Now, sir, that is what I mean. I mean noth-
ing more. I did not mean to embarrass this bill.
I deny the imputation. I do not receive the re-
buke, because it is unmerited; and I undertake to
say that if the antecedents of the Senator and my-
self are looked into to-day, I have given more
practical evidence of my regard for the rights of
the negro than perhaps the Senator from New
Hampshire has given.
It is true, sir, that Virginia did manumit the
negroes that are now in her midst as free negroes,
or they and their descendants make up the great
number of those we now have; and let me say to
the Senator that what he denounces as an impos-
sibility is taking place almost every day in Vir-
ginia, and has been for years. In order to prevent
an increase of this surplus free negro population
in our State, we have had on the record of the
laws of Virginia for years, rightfully or wrong-
fully I am not here to say—I am speaking simply
of the fact—a law whereby if a master manumits
a slave, that slave shall not remain in the State
longer than a year, and if he does, that tdic pros-
ecuting attorney shall bring it to the notice of the
court, he shall be arrested, and after duo estab-
lishment of the fact, brought up and sold, reen-
slaved. That practice is going on almost daily in
the State of Virginia at this time, and I imagine it
is going on throughout the southern States. You
may say it is inhuman; you may call it what you
please; but it grows out of an absolute hostility
that exists between any considerable number of
free white men and free negroes in the" same com-
munity. They cannot live together in peace and
security, and therefore I undertake to say that
whether these southern States succeed or not in
this magnificent enterprise of reen slaving the slaves
that are to be set free by this bill, the attempt will
no doubt be made.
I had the honor of being a member of the con-
vention of Virginia that amended the constitution
in ISoO. The question was then seriously agi-
tated, what shall we do with the free negro popu-
lation? I was a member of the committee that
had it under consideration, and 1 remember sitting
nearly all one night surrounded by the difficulties
of the occasion; and to myself, humble as I am,
may be attributed, and was attributed, the defeat
of a proposition then to drive the free negroes,
every one of them, from the State of Virginia.
The Hon. John M. Botts, now in prison at Rich-
mond, lifted up his voice against it; and I well
remember the strong expression that he used, that
we had better drive them at once into the Chesa-
peake bay as the lesser evil of the two. The
measure was defeated. The journal of the Legis-
lature will show that every hour from that day up
to this, this very question of rciinslaving or driv-
ing the free negroes from the State of Virginia
lias agitated the public councils there. It is to
avoid an increase of this agitation; it is to avoid
this difficulty that I wish—for the benefit of the
United States, and for the benefit and elevation of
the slave—Senators to give a practical attestation
that they meant what they said when, the other
day, they voted that it was the duty of the "Uni-
ted States to afford aid to any State that might
initiate gradual emancipation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I really cannot understand
the honorable Senator from Virginia. I do not
know how it is that a Senator, who lives in a
State where his neighbors have been hunted down,
driven from their homes, murdered at night, and
lie himself, perhaps, hunted from his home, the
moment a proposition is made here to weaken the
traitors who are doing it, jumps to his feet to op-
pose and denounce it, misunderstanding—I will
not say misrepresenting—the bill, attempting to
create a false impression before the country that
we are endeavoring to increase the number of free
negroes in Virginia. Why, sir, the bill proposes,
without any amendment of his, to colonize every
negro made free by it who is willing to go; and
yet he gets up here with a tirade against the Stale
of Illinois because we do not want to rcccivc the
free negroes of Virginia; and he is in favor of al-
lowing the rebels to hold their slaves to raise corn
to feed their armies to fight him and his children,
and drive them from the State, from which he
would have been driven long ago but for the sol-
diers of other States that have rallied to his sup-
port. Does he want to protect these traitors ? Has
he not had enough of them ? Is he determined that
they shall have their slaves, and he will fight here
in the Senate that they shall have them in order
to strengthen their hands to murder his fellow-
citizens and mine? Why, sir, hundreds and thou-
sands of our loyal, true men are to-day lying upon
the battle-field at Pittsburg, slain by these traitors
who are supported by slaves that he is fighting
here in the Senate to retain for them. Why is
this? I cannot understand it.
There is a proposition in the bill, as it stands,
to colonize the negroes that are made fiee; and
he talks as if there was an attempt to throw free
negroes upon Virginia; and he wants to know
why we will not takethem. We donotwantthem.
We do not propose to turn the free negroes of
Illinois into Virginia; and when we do, then he
may complain of Illinois. I know of no reason
why the Senator should want to throw the cast-
off negroes of Virginia into my State. What has
the colonization of the free negroes of this coun-
try to do with a bill to cripple rebellion? Any-
thing? Sir, I have been astounded at the course
of the Virginia Senator. I am surprised that a
Senator, living ill a locality which suffers from
this rebellion, should fight against every propo-
sition that is started here to crush it out at once.
Can the Senator tell me what the colonization of
the free negroes of New York has got to do with
the crushing out of this rebellion ? We propose
now, as the bill stands, to colonize every negro
made free under it that is willing to go. But,
says the Senator, "Oh, no; I will not allow that.
It shall not be done unless you will take out sixty
thousand free negroes that we have already got.
If you do not do that, these rebels shall have their
slaves."
I said, sir, that this amendment was not ger-
mane to the bill. The question of colonizing the
free negroes of this country has nothing to do
with the suppressing of the rebellion. If we pro--
vide for the negroes that the bill operates upon,
it will be sufficient; and I know no reason why
we should receive into my State the sixty thou-
sand free negroes in Virginia; nor why it should
be cast up to the State of Illinois that she refuses
to receive them. Bccause we will not take your
sixty thousand free negroes, therefore rebels shall
be permitted to hold their negroes to fight us!
Will you have any more negroes when this bill
passes ? You will have more free ones, perhaps.
You will have less that are working to sustain
this rebellion; and that is the object which I wish
to accomplish. Sir, 1 trust this amendment will
be voted down.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, the Senator
must certainly see that I am not opposing the bill
at all. The adoption of my amendment will not
prevent the operation of any other section or a
solitary provision of the bill. It does not propose
to interfere with the operation of the Senator's
bill. The bill can apply to as many rebels with the
amendment in it, as without the amendment. The
Senator asks me why should I, coming from the
midst of a State that has felt the force of this rebel-
lion, interpose to prevent the punishment of rebels.
I was making no such interposition. I was offer-
ing no amendment to prevent the operation of the
confiscating clauscs of this bill in the least. My
amendment does not affect them; it is not to the
section in which those clauses are contained. But
1 %vill tell the Senator why it was that I, coming
from a State suffering from the rebellion, inter-
posed this amendment. I have offered it to pre-
vent an increase of the disaster. In God's name,
it is enough to have suffered the influences of the
rebellion to the extent we have felt them. Ruin,
wide spread and universal, has swept like a storm
of wrath across our State. The ruin of the rebel-
lion itself is wide-spread enough, without letting
it result through legislation in Congress here in
imposing upon us not a generation of rebels, but
a generation of free negroes, which will be, I had
almost said, worse than the rebels after the war
is over. I can assure the Senator, for whom I en-
tertain of course the very highest respect, that,
though I do not say I can vote for his bill, I had
