1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
out the land. The letter complained of is as fol-
lows:
Washington, March 1, 1861.
My Dear Sir : Allow me to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my friend Thomas 1). .Lincoln, of Texas. He visits
your capital mainly to dispose of what he regards a great
impiovement in the-arms. I iccommend him to yom favor-
able consideration as a gentleman of the first respectability,
and tellable in eveiy respocr.
Very truly, youis, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jeffkji&on Davis,
President of the Confederation of States.
According to the charge of Judge SmalJey,
which I have already read, the flag of the United
Suites had been fired upon before the 21st of Jan-
uary, 1801, and war turn did in factexist. When
the rebels were taking our forts; when they were
taking possession of our post offices; when they
were seizing our custom-houses; when they were
taking possession of our mints and the deposito-
ries of the public money, can it be possible that
the Senator from Indiana did not know that war
existed, and that rebellion was going on? It is a
fact that the ordinance of the convention of Texas
* seceding from the Union and attaching herself to
the southern confederacy, was dated back as far
as the 1st of Febiuary, 18C1. Then, at the time
the letter was written, Thomas B. Lincoln was a
citizen of a rebel State; a traitor and a rebel him-
self. He comes to the Senator asking him to do
what? To write a letter by which he could be
facilitated in his scheme of selling an improved
fire-arm, an implcmentof war and of death. Can
there be any mistake about it? He asks for a
letter recommending an improved firc-aim to the
president of the rebel States, who was then in
actual war; the man who asked for this being him-
self from a Stale that was in open rebellion, and
he himself a traitor.
Now, sir, if we were a court, how would the ease
be presented? I know the Constitution says that
"no person shall be convicted of treason unless
on the testimony of two witnesses to the same
ovcit act,or on confession in open court." Here
is an overt act; it is shown cleaily and plainly.
We have the Senator's confession in open Senate
that he did wute the letter. Shall we with this
discretion, in view of the protection of this body
and the safety of the Governlfient, decide the case
upon special pleas or hunt up technicalities by
which the Senator can escape, as you would quash
an indictment in a criminal court? The case of
John Smith has already been stated to the Senate.
A true bill had been found against him for his con-
nection with Burr's treason, but upon a techni-
cality, the proof not being made out according to
the Constitution, ami Burr having been tried first
and acquitted, the bill against Smith was quashed,
as he was only an accomplice. He was, theie-
foie, turned outof court, the proceedings against
him were quashed upon a technicality; but John
Smith was a Senator, and he came here to this
body. Ho came again to take his seat in the S-m-
ato of the United States, and what did the Senate
do ? They took up his case; they investigated it.
Mr. Adams made a report, able, full, complete. 1
may say he came well nigh exhausting the whole
subject. The committee reported a resolution for
his expulsion, and how did the vote stand? It is
true that Air. Smith was not expelled for the want
of some little formality in this body, the vote yta\d-
jng 19 to 10. It only lacked one vote to put lum
out by a two-third majority aeeordmg to the re-
quirements of the Constitution. What was the
judgment oftfic nation? It was that John Smith
was an accomplice of Burr, and the Senate con-
demned him and almost expelled him, not narrow-
ing itself down to those rules and technicalities
that are icsorted to in courts by which criminals
escape. To show the grounds upon which the
action in that case was based, I beg leave to read
some extracts fioio Mr. John Qauncy Adams's
repoi t in that case: ;
'• In ( rcatninincr the question whether tlioo f.>nus of jutii- ,
ct,ti pioeeednrj- oi the iule- of judicial evidence oul'Iu to
be applied to 'he exercise of that cen<-onal iiulhouty which ,
the ►Senate oi the Unit id ^taf= posscsse- over tin- e<>mlu<-t
of its inomlM'i*. let us- ce--aune us the ti^t ot then application .
either the dictates of utifetTeied reason, the lettci and spuit j
of tiie Constitution. oi precedents dome-tie or foiejcn. and j
yom committee br!ie\o that the ie--«lt will be the s-mno: !
lhat thepowei ot expelliprr a. member mu=t in it< nature lie
discretionary, and m its exercise always more fctimmary
tnan the taidy pi or <>«, of jtuncial pioceedun:-.
••'The powei of c\p^Iliny a memher for mi-enndnet if-
sults, on the principles ot common bon>e, fiom the intere-H
of the nation that the hi^h tru-t of legislation should he in-
vested in puie hand-. When th  tiu-t h < lective, it i- not
to be presumed that the constituent body will commit the
deposit to the keeping of woithless characters. But when
a man, whom his fellow-citizens have honored with their
confidence on the pledge of a spotless reputation, has. de-
graded himself by the commission of infamous crimes,
which become suddenly and unexpectedly revealed to the
wotld, defective, indeed, would be that institution which
should be impotent to discaid from its bosom the contagion
of such a member; winch should have no remedy of ampu-
tation to apply until the poison had reached the heait."
+ * * * * * * * * *
" But when a member of a legislative body lies under the
imputation ofgravatcd offenses, and the determination upon
hia case can opeiate only to remove him from a station of
extensive powers and important trust, this disproportion
between the interest of the public and the interest of the
individual disappears ; if an> dispropoition exists, it is. of an
opposite kind, ft is nut better that ton traitois should be
members of this Senate, than that one innocent man should
sutler expulsion. In either case, no doubt, the evil would
be great; but in the former, it would strike a( the vitals? of
the nation; in the latter it might, though deeply to b? la-
mented, only be the calamity of an individual."
. (c Vet in the midst of all this anxious piovidence of Jegis-
; lative virtue, it has not authorized the constituent body to
recall in any case its lepicbentativc. It lias not subjected
him to removal by impeachment; and when the daiimg of
! the people's choice has become their deadliest foe, can it
enter the imagination of a reasonable man, that the >«anctu-
• ary of their legislation mu«t remain polluted with his pres-
ence, until a court ol common law, with its pace of snail,
can ascertain whether his eiime was committed on then'cht
oi on the left bank of a uvei; whether a puncture ot differ-
ence can he found between the woids ot the ehaige and the
woid-softhe pi oof; whether the wunessesofhi^uiltihoiild
or should not he heat d by his imy; and whethei lie was pun-
ishable, because piesent at an overt act, ni intangible to pub-
lic justice because he only contrived and piepated it? Is it
conceivable that atiaitoi to that country which low loaded
him with favors, guiltv to the common undei standing of all
mankind, should be suffered to tetuin unquestioned to that
post of honor and confidence, whete, m the zenith ol his good
lame, ho had been placed by the esteem of his countrymen,
and in defiance of then wishes, in mockery ot then fears,
sunounded by the public indignation, hut'inacce^sibie to
its bolt, puisue the puiposes ot treason in tho heart of the
national councils? Must the assembled lulers of the land
listen with calmness and uKiiffeience, session after session,
to the voice of notoiiou-5 infamy, until the shurgnul f-top of
municipal .uifttiee can oveitake his enormities? IMu-Hthev
tamely see the lives and foitunes of millions, (he safety oi
present and future ages, depending upon his \ <jte, iceoid<*d
wiili thens, hum ely beciui-e the abu-eil beingmtv oi'general
maxim.-, may have remitt'-d to him the lorfeituie of ins lilc ?"
" s?ueh,m very sitppo-ahie eases, \\ ouid he the unavoid
able con.-ecpiences ol a principle which .should offer the
crutehesofjudicial tnbunalsas an apologvfoi eiippiingihe
concessional powei of e.\pulsion. Far different, in the
opinion of yotu committee, is the spmt of oui Constitution.
They believed that the veiy puipose loi which tin ; power
was given was to picseive the Leci'-latuie 1'iom the liist
approaches ot mlection ; that it was made di-ei(iionary be-
cause it could not exist undei tho jn octant mat ton oi general
lilies Thai it> ptoee-s niuM be summ.uy because a would
be rendeied migatojy 1 y delay."
Mr. President, suppose Aaron Burr had been a
Senator,and after his acqiuitnl he had conic back
here to take his seat in the Senate, what would
; have been done? Accoi dins; to the doctrine avowed
! ill this debate, that we must sit as a couit and suh-
; jeet the individual to all the rules and tcchmeali-
' ties of ciimmal proceedings, could he have been
I expelled? And yet is there a Senator here who
; would have voted to allow Aaron Burr to take a
j seatin the Senate after Ins acquittal by a courtand
i juiy ? JNro; there i s not a Senator here who would
| have done it. Aaron Burr was tried in court, and
i he was found not guilty; he was turned loose; but
| was the public judgment of this nation less satis-
i fled of his guilt than if he had not been aujuittedr
■ What is the nation's judgment, settled and fixed?
j That Aaron Burr was guilty of treason, notwith-
' standing ho was acquitted by a court and jurv.
! It is said by some Senntais that the Senator
• from lndiuiia wrotu tins letter simply as a letter of
i friendship. Sir,just think of it! A Senator of
. the United States was cj lied upon to write a letter
for a rebel, for a num fiomn rebel State, after the
i coaits of the country had pronounced that civil
1 war existed; after tho judicial tribunals had defined
: what aiding and adhering to the enemies of the
1 country was! Under such circumstances, what
' would have been the course of loyalty and of pa-
| tnotenn? Suppose a man who had been your
' friend, sir, who had rendered yen many acts of
! kindness, had come to you for such a letter. You
j would have ask< d where he was going with it,
i You would have said: *' Here is a southern con-
i fedciacy; there is a rebellion; my friend, you can-
not ask me to write a letter to anybody there; they
i are at war with the United States; they aie at war
I with my Government; I cannot write you a letter
! giving you aid and assistance in selling your mi-
: ptoved fire-arm tlu-re." Why? '• Because that
j fiie-arm may be u^ed against my own count) y and
j against my own fUiovV-uuz.' ns. " Would not that
have been the language of a man who was willing
to recognize his obligations of duty to his country?
What was the object of writing the letter? It
certainly was to aid, to facilitate the selling of his
fire-arms, to inspire the rebel chief with confidence
in the individual. It was saying substantially, <{I
know this man; I write to you because I know
you have confidcnce in me; I send him to you be-
cause I know you need fire-arms; you need im-
proved fire-arms; you need the most deadly and
destructive weapons of warfare to overcome this
great and this glorious country; I recommend him
to you, and 1 recommend his fire-arms; he is a
man m whom entire confidence may be placed."
That, sir, is the letter. I have already shown the
circumstances underwhich it was written. If such
a letter had been written in the purest innocence
of intention, with no treasonable design, with no
desire to injure his own Government, yet, in view
of all the circumstances, in view of the facts which
had transpired, a Senator who would be so un-
thoughtful, and so negligent, and so regardless of
his country's interests as to write such a letter, is
not entitled to a scat on this floor. [Applause in
the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman.)
Order I Order
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, Mr. President,what
has been the bearing and the conduct of the Sen-
ator from Indiana since? I desire it to be under-
stood that I refer to him in no unkindness, for
God knows 1 bear him none; but my duty I will
perform. " Duties are mine, consequences are
God's." What has been the Senator's bearing
generally? Have you heard of his being in the
field? Have you heard of his voice and his in-
fluence being raised for his bleeding and distracted
country ? Has his influence been brought to bear
officially, socially, politically, or in any rcspect,
for the suppression of the rebellion? If so, I am
unaware of it. Where is the evidence of devotion
to his country in his speeches and in his votes?
Where the evidence of the disposition on his part
to overthrow and put down the rebellion ? I have
been told, Mr. President, by honorable gentle-
men, as an evidence of the Senator's devotion to
his country and his greatopposition to this south-
ern movement, that they heard him, and perhaps
with tears m his eyes, remonstrate with the lead-
ers of the rebellion that they should not leave him
here m the Senate, or that they should not persist
in their course after the relations that had existed
between them and him, and the other Democrats
of the country; that he thought they were treat-
ing him badly. This was the kind of remon-
strance he made. Be it so. I em willing to give
the Senator credit for all he is entitled to, and I
would to God 1 could credit him with more.
But do Senators remember that when this bat-
tle was being fought in the Senate I stood here
on this side, solitary and alone, on the 19th day
of December, 16G0, and proclaimed that the Gov-
ernment was at an end if you denied it the power
to enforce its laws? I declared then that a Gov-
ernment which had not the power to coerce obe-
dience on the part of those who violated the law
was no Government at all, and had failed to carry
out the objects of its creation, and was, ipso facto,
dissolved. When I sood on this floor and fought
the battle for the supremacy of the Constitution
and the enforcement of the laws, has the Senate
forgotten that a bevy of conspirators gathered in
from the other House, and that those who were
heie crowded around, with frowns and scowls,
and expressions of indignation and contempt
toward me, because I dared to raise my feeble
voice in vindication of the Constitution and the
enlbicenient of the laws of the Union? Have you
forgotten the taunts, the jeers, the derisive, le-
marks, the contemptuous expressions that, were
indulged in? If you hove, 1 have not. If the
Senator felt such great reluctance at the departure
from the Senate of the chiefs of the rebellion, I
should have been glad to receive one encouraging
smile from him when 1 was fighting the battles of
the country. I did not receive one encouraging;
expression; I received not a single sustaining look.
It would have been peculiarly encouraging to me,
under the circumstances, to be greeted and en-
couraged by one of the Senator's talents and long
standing in public life; but he was cold as an ice-
berg, and I stood solitary and alone amidst the
gang of conspirators that had gathered around
tue. So much for the Senator's remonstrances and
