1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
• no intention to embarrass it in offering this amend-
ment. If he will reflect a. moment, he will see
that my amendment does not propose to interfere
with the operation of the confiscating clauses of the
bill. But, sir, I am an ardent friend of the effort
to initiate some active, practicable scheme of col-
onization, as the great escape-pipe whence this
grand evil that is resting upon the nation may find
its way from our shores, and peace and harmony
may again be restored to this country. If I am in
error in this, it is an error of the heart, it is an error
resulting from proper sympathies and proper feel-
ings. I have uo disposition to interpose any fac-
tious opposition to Senators here, I sympathize
with the bill; I hope it may be improved. As I
said to the Senator in the beginning, I say now,
that f trust some practicable constitutional plan
may be found whereby the traitors may be pun-
ished; but those traitors have punished usenough
without being indirectly the instrumentality and
agency through the operation of this bill of bring-
ing upon us the additional evil of a lazy, indolent,
improper, and dangerous population in our midst.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, If the Sen-
ate is ready to vote on the pending amendment, I
shall not interfere; but otherwise, I must insist
upon an executive session now. I want the Sen-
ate to go into executive session early to-day.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Some remarks have fallen
from the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] that call on me to make some observations
in reply, but I do not care to do it now. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is coming down to
aiithmetic and figures, and that is a point where
I like to get him. I propose to figure with him a
little on this question, Mr. President. I move,
therefore, that the Senate now proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us go on
with (he bill as far as we can.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the motion is put,I
desire that an order may be made to print the sub-
stitute I offered. It contains some two or three
new sections not in the bill introduced by tin- that
Son..tors desire to see in print. I move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. Let all the proposed amend-
ments to the bill be printed, including that of the
Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order will
be regarded as embracing all the amendments.
["Agreed."]
Mr. TRUMBULL. On the motion to go into
executive session, I ask for the yeas and nays.
This is a bill that has been before the Senate a
long time; and if those who are friendly to the bill,
or to any bill on this subject, consent to go into
executive session every day when the thing is first
called up, we can never get to any action upon
it. it iias been postponed two days this week al-
ready by executive sessions, and I should like to
have a vote by yeas and nays on going into ex-
ecutive session now. I have no more interest in
the bill than other Senators and the couniry gen-
erally. If theie is no disposition in the Senate to
act upon a bill of this character, I shall have dis-
charged my duty by endeavoring to bring it before
the Senate and to get action. If thf-re is an indis-
position to act when we can proceed further with
the bill to-day—for 1 do not suppose that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin insists upon taking tin- floor
to go over until to-morrow—1 should like to know
it. We can take a vote on this proposition, and
other Senators can speak upon this bill. If (he
Senator from Wisconsin insists upon speaking at
this particular stage, and will not give the floor to
any one else, and for his own accommodation
insists that we must postpone the bill until to-
morrow, that would present an appeal from him
personally which perhaps might be entitled to con-
sideration, if it was regarded as reasonable by the
Senate; but I trust he will not insist upon that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. After what has been said,
perhaps i ought to state that I understood the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts to desire
that the Senate should go into executive session,
and upon his asking me whether I wished to speak
on this question or not, I told him that I cared to
occupy only a very short portion of the time of the
Senate, if I said anything on this subject; but
some remarks fell from the Senator from New
Hampshire that I thought called upon me for a
reply. I prefer to make that reply to-morrow;
but I do not expect to detain the Senate ten min-
utes in what I have to say. At the same time,it
is just as well for us to vote on this proposition
to-morrow as now; and as an executive session
was desired, as I understood, by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, I thought
proper to move that the Senate go into executive
session; but I must protest against my friend
from Illinois undertaking, because an executive
session is moved, to argue that there is an effort
on my part to antagonize something against his
bill. I do not wish to be putin that position at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois calls for the yeas and nays on the
motion to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall not now proceed
to the consideration of executive business. This
bill has been a great while delayed 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will my honorable friend
allow me to say that if the question of going into
executive session is to be discussed, I prefer to
withdraw the motion?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it be withdrawn, I will
renew it.
The PRESIDENT j)ro tempore. The motion
does notadmit of general debate; but suggestions
why the Senate should or should not go into ex-
ecutive session are allowable.
Mr. WADE. I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WADE. I do not mean to detain the Sen-
ate long. I never do. I have forborne to speak
on this most important bill, because I want to
come to a vote upon it, and because 1 believe every
Senator has made up Ins mind definitely as to the
vote he will give. 1 am anxious that it should be
acted upon, and therefore I want to vote and not
talk about it. I hope the friends of the bill will
stand constantly by it until it is disposed of. I
believe the bill is what it ought to be; 1 luive looked
it all over, and 1 am ready to vote upon it, and
upon all (he amendments that can be proposed to
it. I trust that all its friends will agree to stand
by it until it is finally disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will call the roll on the motion that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
When Mr. Harris's name was called,
Mr. KING. I desire to state that my colleague
is detained at his rooms by illness.
The result was announced—yeas 22, nays 13;
as follows:
YEAS— Anthony, Browning. Clnik, Collamer,
Cowan. Davis. Uoolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Ilen-
doifou, Howard, Howo. Kennedy, King, Lam; of Indiana,
Nc-mith, Powell, Staik, WiUou ot'Massachusetts. Wilson
o! iVJi^oiiu, and Wnc<ht—-22.
NAY Moists Chandler, Dixon, Hale, Lane of Kansas,
Latham, Moiull, Puiin iov, Sheiman, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wndo, Wilkuixin, and Wilh'j—13.
So the motion was agreed to.
After nearly two hours spent in executive ses-
sion, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 10, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENLARGEMENT OP COMMITTEE.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to have the committee
on the subject of emancipation of the slaves in the
border States, appointed on my motion, enlarged
from nine to thirteen.
Mr. W1CKLIFPE. I object, and I have a
very good reason for it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I would ask the
gentleman from Kentucky if he objects to the
number thirteen ?
Mr. W1CK.LIKFE. I do; and I will give the
gentleman privately my reasons, or publicly if I
may be permitted to do so.
PUBLIC LANDS TO STATE OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. VALLANDIGrHAM. I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Lands to ask the con-
sent of the House to report back, with an amend-
ment, a joint resolution of the Senate, amendatory
of the act of 1856, granting lands to the State of
Wisconsin for railroad jpurpbses.' It will occupy
but a few moments. -
No objection being made, - •: v - - '
Mr. V ALL ANDIGH AM, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back, with an amend-
ment, Senate joint resolution (No. 26) explana-
tory to a certain act therein mentioned.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before the ajftetid-
ment is read, I desire to say that in a very few-
words I can explain the objects of the resolution
and the provisions of the amendment. By thea6t
of June 3,1856, certain lands in the State of Wis-
consin were granted to that State in aid of the
construction of railroads in that State, and it was
directed that the railroad referred to in this joint
resolution shouldbeconstructedina " northerly5'
direction. The then Secretary of the Interior de-
cided that under that word the line could only be
located due north, which required the company
to construct a road from Pond du Lac to the State
line of Michigan. It was found impracticable to
construct a road upon that line further than the
town of Appleton. Accordingly the company
now desires that the word-" northerly" shall be
so interpreted as to allow them to build their road
from the town of Appleton to Green Bay, at or
near the mouth of the Fox river, some twenty-six
miles; whereas the road from Appleton to the
State line of Michigan direct would be one hun-
dred and sixty-five miles due north.
The object, then, is to enable the company to
change the location of their road so as to run it
to Green Bay, at the mouth of Fox river, instead
of directly due north to the State line, leaving; to
them, however, if it be practicable hereafter, with-
in the ten years limit fixed by the act of 1856, to
construct their road from Green Bay still to the
Michigan State line. But the present purpose is
to secure the budding of the road to Green Hay,
and it is probable that that is all the company will
be over able to accomplish, at least within the
limit prescribed by the original act.
The first section, therefore, construes the word
" northerly " as it ought to have been construed
originally, if I understand the English language,
by the Secretary of the Interior; so that instead
of meaning " due north," it shall allow a reason-
able variation to the right or to the left; and the
limit is fixed in the resolution between certain
ranges, sixteen and twenty-three, if I remember
correctly.
The only amendment proposed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands is to prevent the misconstruc-
tion which they suppose possibly mightariseout
of the wording of the original joint resolution as
it came from the Senate, and to give no more
rights to the railroad company than were origin-
ally granted to them.
The second resolution from the Senate proposes
to give to the Chicago and Western Railroad Com-
pany eighty acres of land out of the Fort Howard
military reserve, which consists of six thousand
acrcs. Objection was made in committee to a di-
rect grant of lond to a railroad company, such an
act never having passed Congress hitherto. It
was regarded as an unsafe precedent, and as lead-
ing to much future difficulty in legislation; and
accordingly the amendment proposes that the
grant shall be made directly to the State of Wis-
consin to aid in the construction of railroads in
that State, and in conformity with the terms of
the original bill.
I see no objection, looking to the precedent al-
ready established, to making this grant of eighty
acres out of the six thousand acres, because un-
questionably the remaining five thousand nine
hundred and twenty acres will be very much en-
hanced in value. The grant, then, is to the State
of Wisconsin and not to the railroad company,
so that the precedents may not be enlarged in
regard to grants of lands for the construction of
railroads.
The third provision authorizes those who have
purchased alternate sections at $2 50 an acre upon
the originally located route either to change tneir
locations to the new route, upon the same terms,
or to enter an additional number of acres, equal
to the number first entered by them, so that their
lands may still stand to them at 25 an acre, it
being clearly inequitable that they should pay
