586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
expressions of regret for the retirement of those
gentlemen.
"The bearing of the Senator since he wrote this
letter has not been unobserved. 1 have not com-
pared notes; I have not hunted up the record in
reference to it; but I have a perfcct recollection of
it. Did we not see, during the last session of Con-
gress, the line being .drawn between those who
were devoted to the Union end those who were
not? Cannot we sometimes see a great deal more
than is expressed? Does it require us to have a
man's sentiments written down in burning and
blazing characters, before we are able to judge
what they are ? Has it not been observable all
through this history where the true Union heart
has stood? What was the Senator's bearing at
the last session of Congress? Do we not know
that in the main he stood here opposed substan-
tially to every measure which was necessary to sus-
tain the Government in its trial and peril? lie may
perhaps have voted for some measures that were
collateral, remote, indirect in their bearing; but do
we not know that his vote and his influence were
cast against the measures which were absolutely
necessary in order to sustain the Government m
its hour of peril?
Some gentlemen have said, and well said, that
we should not judge by party. I say,so, too. 1 j
voted to let the Senator from Indiana into the body,
and as a Democrat my bias and piejudice would
rather be in his favor. I am a Democrat now; I
have been one all my life; 1 expect to live and die
one; and the corner-stone of mv Democracy rests
upon the enduring basis of the Union. Democrats
may come and go, but they shall never divert me
irom the polar star by which I have ever been
guided from early life—the great principles of De-
mocracy upon which tins Government rests, and
which cannot be carried out without the preser-
vation of the Union of these States. The pretense
hitherto employed by many who are now in the
traitors' camp has been, " wo are for the Union;
we are not for dissolution; butwe are opposed to
coercion." How long, Senators, have you hoard
that syren song sung? Where are now most of
those who sang those syren tones to us? Look
back to the last session, and inquire where now
are the men who then were singing that song
in our ears? Where is Trusten Folk, who then
stood here so gently craving for peace ? He is in
the rebel camp. Where is John C. Breckinridge—
a man for whose promotion to the Presidency I
did what I could physically. mentally, and pecu-
niarily; butwhen he satisfied me that he was for
breaking; up this Government, and would ere long
be a traitor to his country, I dropped him as L
would the Senator from Indiana? lie was here
at the last session of Congress; and everybody
could sec then that he was on the road to the trai-
tois'cump. Instead of sustaining the Govern-
ment, lie, too, was riying out tin peace; but he
was bitter against u Lincoln's Gov*( rnmen(." Sir,
when I talk about, piesemng this great Govern-
ment,! do not have its executive officer in my
mind. _ i he executive head of the Government
comes in and goes out of oflice every four years.
He is the mere creature of the people. 1 talk about
the Government without regard to the particular
executive, officers who have charge of it. If they
do well, we can continue them; li'tbey do wroiu>, j
wo can tuni them out. Mr. Lincoln having come
in according to the forms of law and the Consti-
tution, I, loving my Government and the Union,
felt it to bo my duty to stand by the Government,
and to stand by the Administration in nil those
measures that 1 believed to be necessary and proper
for the preservation and perpetuation of the Union.
Mr. Folk has gone; Mr. Breckinridge has gone;
my namesake, the late Senator f'tom Missouri,
Ji *  gone. Did you not see the line of separation
at the Lu t session ? Although Senators make I;
i-'poechee, in which they give utterance to d tsclami- ■ j
eis, we can sec their bearing. It is visible now; j
and the obligations ot truth and duty to mvcoun- j
try require me to speak of it. 1 believe there arc i
treasonable tendencies here now; and how lona; it ij
will be before they will land in the traitors'camp, '
i shall not undertake to say. The great point
with these gentlemen is, that they are opposed to
coercion and to the enforcement of the laws.
Wjthoutregaid to the general bearing of the Sen-
ator from Indiana upon that point, let me quote the
conclusion of Ins letter of the 7th of September
18G1, to J. Fitch. 1 will read only the concluding
portion of the letter, as it does him no injustice to
omit the remainder:
" And hence I have opposed, and «o long as my present
convictions last shall continue to oppose. Hie entire coer-
cive policy ot the Government. I liope this may be satis-
factory to my fticnds. For my enemies I care not."
Docs not this correspond with the Senator's
general bearing? Has he given his aid or coun-
tenance or influence, in any manner, towards the
efforts of the Government to sustain itself? What
has been his course? We know that great stress
has been laid upon the word " coercion," and it
has been played upon effectually for the purpose of
prejudicing the southern mind, in connection with
that other term, "subjugation of the States,"
which has been used so often. We may as well
be honest and fair, and admit the truth of the great
proposition, that a Government cannot exist—in
other words, it is no Government if it is without
the power to enforce its laws and coerce obedience
to them. That is all there is of it; and the very
instant you take that power from this Govern-
ment, it is at an end; it is a mere rope of sand that
will fall to pieces of its own weight. It is idle,
Utopian, chimerical, to talk about a Government
existing without the power to enforce its laws.
How is the Government to enforce its laws? The
Constitution says that Congiess shall have power
" to provide for calling forth the militia to exe-
cute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tions, and repel invasions." Let me ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana, with all his astuteness, how is
.rebellion to be putdown, how is it to be resisted,
unless there is some power in the Government to
enforce its laws ?
If there be a citizen who violates your post
office laws, who counterfeits the coin of the Uni-
ted Stales, or who commits any other offense
against the laws of the United States, you subject
him to trial and punishment. Janotthatcoercion2
Is not that enforcing the laws ? Mow is rebellion
to be put down without coercion, without enfor-
cing the laws? Can't be done ? The Constitution
provides tluit,
" The United States ^h.n'l i;naiantyto cveiy State m this
Union a lepublican form ot irovemniont, and' t«ha!l protect
each ot theiiiliom inva-iou, and on «ippU< at ion o! ilio lj«'£r is-
lamic, or of the Incentive. ("/hen the fjejriMatuie cannot
be convened,) ajjani.-t domc-aic violence."
How is this Government to putdown domestic
violence jn a State without coei cion ? How is the
nation to be protected against insurrection without
coercing the citizens to obedience ? Can it be
done? When the Senator says he is against the
entire coercive policy of the Government, he
against the vital principle of all government. I
look upon this as the most revolutionary and de-
structive doctrine that ever was preached. If this
Government cannot call forth the militia, if it can-
not repel invasion, if it cannot put down domestic
violence, ifit cannot suppress rebellion. I ask if the
iii'eat objects of the Government are not at an end ?
Look at my own State, by way of illustration.
There is open rebellion there; there i« domestic
■violence; theie is insurrection. An attempt has
been made to tran.-'f'er that State to another power.
Let me a:-'k the Senator from Indiana if the Con-
stitution does not require you to guaranty us a
lepubliean form of ^ov\ rnnient in that State ? Is
not that your sworn duty? We ask you to put
down this unholy rebellion. What answer do
you give us ? We ask you to protect us against j
insurrection and domestic violence. WhaUsthe |
leply? " I am against your whole coercive pol-
icy, I am against the enforcement of the laws."
I  ay that if that principle be acted on,yout Gov-
ernment is at an ond; it fails utterly to carry out
the object of its creation. Such a principle leads
to the destruction of the Government, for it must
inevitably result in anarchy and confusion. " I
am opposed to the entue coeicive pobey of the
Government," says the Senator from Indiana.
That cuckoo note has been reiterated to satiety;
it is understood; men know the nature and char-
acter of their Government, and they also know
that "coercion" and "subjugation" is mere ad
capfandum, idle and unmeaning slangwangms:.
Sir, I may be a little sensitive on this subject
upon the one hand, while 1 know I want to do
ample justice upon the other. I took an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
There is rebellion in the land; there is insurrec-
tion against the authority of this Government. Is
the Senator from Indiana so unobservant or so
obtuse that he docs not know now that there has
been a deliberate design for years to change the
nature and character and genius of this Govern-
ment ? Do we not know that these schemers have
been deliberately at work, and that there is a party
in the South, with some associates in the North,
and even in the West, that have become tired of
free government, in which they have lost confi-
dence? They raise an outcry against " coercion,"
that they may paralyze the Government, cripple
the exeiciseof the gi eatpowers with which it was
invested, finally to change its form and subject us
to a southern despotism. Do we not* know it to
be so > Why disguise this great truth ? Do we
not know that they have been anxious for a change
of Government for years? Since this rebellion
commenced it has manifested itself in many quar-
ters. How long is it since the organ of the gov-
ernment at Richmond, the Richmond Whig, de-
claied that rather than live under the Government
of the United States, they preferred to take the
constitutional Gtueen of Great Britain as their pro-
tector; that they would make an alliance with
Great Britain for the purpose of preventing the
enforcement of the laws of the United States ? Do
we not know this? Why then play " hide and
| go seek?" Why say, "oh, yes, I am for the
1 Union," while every act, influence, conversation,
! vote is against it ? What confidence can we have
m one who takes such a course ?
The people of my State, downtrodden and op-
pressed by the iron heel of southern despotism,
appeal to you for protection. They ask you to
protect them against domestic violence. They
want you to help them to put down this unholy
and damnable rebellion. They call upon this Gov-
ernment for theexccution ofits constitutional duty
to guaranty to them a republican form of Govern-
ment, and to protect them against the tyranny and
despotism which is stalking abroad. What is the
coid reply? "Iam against the entire coercive
policy, 1 am not for enforcing the laws." Upon
such a doctrine Government crumbles to pieces,
and anarchy and despotism reign throughout the
land.
Indiana, God bless her, is as true to the Union
as the needle is to the pole. She has sent out her
" columns;" she has sent her thousands into the
! Held, for what? To sustain the Constitution, and
to enforce the laws; and as they march with strong
arms and brave hearts to relieve a suffering peo-
ple, who have committed no offense save devotion
to this glorious Union; as they march to the res-
cue of the Constitution and to extend its benefits
again to a people who love it dearly, and who
have been ruthlessly torn from under its protect-
ing regis, what does their Senator say to them?
" 1 a in against the entire policy of coercion." Do
you ever hear a Senator who thus talks make any
objection to the exercise of unconstitutional and
tyrannical power by the so-called southern con-
federacy, or say a word against its practice of
coercion? In all the speeches that have been de-
liveied on that point, has one sentence against
usurpation, against despotism, against the exer-
cise of doubtful and unconstitutional powers by
that confederacy, been uttered > Oh, no ! Have
yon heaid any objection to their practicing not
only coercion but usurpation? Have they not
I usurped government? Have they not oppressed,
j and are they not now tyrannizing over the pco-
' pie? The people of my State are coerced, borne
down, trodden beneath the iron heel of power.
We appeal to you for protection. „You stand by
and see us coerced; you stand by and see tyranny
tiiumphing, and no sympathy, no kindness, no
helping hand can be extended to us. Your Gov-
ernment is paralyzed; your Government is pow-
erless; that which you have called a Government
is a dieam, an idle thing. You thought yon had
a Government, but you have none. My people
are appealing to you for protection under the Con-
stitution. They are arrested by hundreds and by
thousands; they are dragged away from then-
homes and incarcerated m dungeons. They ask
you for protection. Why do you not give it'
Some of them are lying chained in their lowly
prison-house. The only response to their mur-
mur is the Kittling and clanking of the chains that
bind their limbs. The only response to their ap-
peals is the grating of the hinges of their dungeon.
When we ask for help under the Constitution, we
nrc told that the Government has no power to
enforce the laws. Our people are oppressed and
downtrodden, and you give them no remedy.
