1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
$2 50 an acre for the'land which was selected in
view of the construction of the railroad, when the
railroad is never to be constructed. ^
The improvements upon these lands so origin-
ally entered are but few, comparatively, and I
presume that almost every purchaser can be made
whole by the provisions of the third section.
The necessity for acting speedily upon this
joint resolution is to be found in the fact that the
Wisconsin Legislature is in session, andthattheir
action conferring the benefits of this second sec-
tion upon the Chicago and Western Railway
Company is necessary in order that that com-
pany may rcceive the benefit of this act. Unless
further explanation be desired, I propose to move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The substitute for the jointresolution reported
by the Committee on Public Lands was read.
The first section of the substitute provides that
the word 44 northerly," in the first section of the
act granting public lands to the State of Wiscon-
sin to aid in the construction of railroads in said
State, approved in June, 1856, shall, without for-
feiture to the State or its assigns of any of the
rights or benefits of the act, or exemption from
any of the conditions or obligations imposed there-
by, be construed to authorize location of the line
of railroad provided for in the said first section
upon any eligible route within ranges sixteen and
twenty-three, inclusive, east of the first principal
meridian, and the line of railroad as now located
according to the records of the General Land Of-
fice is authorized to be changed to within the above
specified limits; provided, that upon the construc-
tion of the railroad upon the new line, or a suf-
ficient part thereof, according to the terms of the
said act, the State of Wisconsin, or its grantees
or assigns shall receive, upon the route onginally
located, the same quantity of land, and no more,
except as hereinafter provided for, as it or they
would have received if the road had been con-
structed upon the line originally located.
The second section grants to the State of Wis-
consin, for the purpose of aiding m the construc-
tion of a railroad from the town of Appleton, in
said State, to some point on Green Bay, at or near
the mouth of Fox river, in said State, so much
of the public lands of the United States lying at
or near the mouth of said river, known as the
Fort Howard military reserve, as may be required
for right of way, tracks, depots, workshops, ware-
houses, wharves, and other railroad list's, not ex-
ceeding eighty acres, to be so selected by the State
of Wisconsin, or her assigns, as to exclude the
fort therefrom; provided, that if no railroad be
constructed and m running order between the
termini mentioned in the section within three years
from the passageof this jointresolution, then this
grant .shall be void.
The third scction authorizes the Secretary of
the Interior to cause all the even sections or parts
of even sections of public land that may be brought
within six miles of the new line of railroad to be
sold at the same price and in the same manner as
those have been upon the line of rail road oiigmally
located, and all purchasers, or their heirs or as-
signs, within six miles of the road as originally
located, who shall be more than six miles from
the new line, and who have paid $2 50 per acre,
shall have the right cither to exchange their loca-
tion upon the line us first established to the new
line, upon the same terms and in the same man-
ner as upon the line first established, or, at their
option, to enter, without further payment, any-
where within the same land district, an additional
quantity of public lands, subject to private entry
at $1 25 per acre, equal to the quantity entered by
them at $2 50 per acre, so that the land originally
entered by them shall thus be reduced to the rate
of §1 25 per acre.
The fouith section provides that the even sec-
tions of public lands reserved to the United States
on the line of railroad originally located north of
the town of Applcton, and on which line no rail-
road has been built, shall hereafter be sold at
$1 25 per acre.
The substitute was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. VALLAN DIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to*
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to amend the
title by substituting therefor the following:(* Joint
resolution explanatory of and in addition to the
act of June 3, 1856, granting public lands to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in the construction of
railroads in said State."
The amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 48) declaring that the United States
ought to cooperate with, affording pecuniary aid
to, any State which may adopt the gradual abol-
ishment of slavery; when the Speaker signed the
same.
TIIE WESTERN VICTORIES.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution of thanks to the officers
and soldiers who achieved the victories at Island
No. 10 and at Pittsburg Landing, Tennessee;
which was read a first and sccond time.
The joint resolution was read, and is as fol-
lows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
Congress has heard with profound gratitude and thanks to
Almighty God of the glorious triumph of our arms over
rebel* and traitois m tiie valley of the Mississippi, at Island
No. 10 and at Pittsburg Landing, Tennessee. We iceog-
nize in these bulliaiit vietoi ie  the hand of that Divine
Power which has so signally blessed in as a nation.
Sec. 2. Resolved further, That the thanks and gratitude
ot (Jongiess are hereby tendeied to General l'ope and Com-
modore Footc, to Gencials Grant and Buell, and to Gen-
eral Ilalleck.and to each and eveiv gallant officer and brave
soldier under their commands for llieir gallantly, their en-
ergy, their endmance. their patriotic suffering and devo-
tion to their eomitiy. Their names will be evercherished
and honored by a giateful people.
Sec. 3. Resolved further, That while we honor the brave
who have escaped injury and death, we do not forget the
suffering wounded, lun "the dead who have fallen maityrs
to their countiy's cause. Congie^s extends its sympathy
to and will relievo the wants of the wounded, and of the
childten and widows of tho o who have given their own
lives to save the life of the Republic.
Mr. PORTER. I move to amend the resolu-
tions by inserting among the generals to whom
the thanks of Congress are to be tendered, Major
General Lewis Wallace. General Wallace was
m command of a division at the battle of Pitts-
burg Landing, and distinguished himself by his
skill and gallantry. He also performed a distin-
guished part at the battle of Fort Donelson, and
in numerous engagements in Western Virginia.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If one name is introduced, I
shall want to introduce others.
Mr. COX. I move to insert the name of Gen-
eral John A. McClernand, and there are the names
of other officers that should be inserted. I think
the resolution had better be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs,and I make that motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON, i apprehended the very
difficulty which has arisen here on these resolu-
tions. It is usual for Congress only to insert the
names of the commanding officers. You cannot
embrace the names of all who have distinguished
themselves. I think the resolution had bettergo
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and they
can prepare it.
Mr. ARNOLD. I am entirely content with that
reference.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be requested to com-
municate to the House copies of any papers on file in his
ofliee iciativc to an alteration of bridges across the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal in Geoigetown, so as to admit of the
parage of loaded noats trom the canal info and out of the
b:win at the mouth of Rock creek, and that the Secretary in-
form the House what obstacles have been placed, by order of
the Societal y of War, or ot any officers of the Army, in the
way of uadc on the Alexandiia canal, when these obstacles
will ptobabiy be removed, and by what mearw, m the opinion
of the Secietary of war, loaded boats can be brought con-
veniently to the wharves m Washington city, to rhenavy-
yaid in Washington, and to Alexandria, while the aqueduct
connecting the Alexandria caital and the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal is occupied for the convenience of the trans-
poitauon department of the Auny ot tlie United States.
Mr. MALLORY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals to report a bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it proposed to have action .
on it now ?
Mr. MALLORY. I think the House will have
noobjection to passing it when itshall have heard
it read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let us hear it read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Kentucky that it is necessary
that bills and joint resolutions should have titles.
The gentleman will please put a title to his bill.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the Senate amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 242) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th of
June, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending 30th of June, 1862.
First amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the following:
For the year ending the 30th of June, 1863:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers and sea-
men, including the engineer corps of the Navy, .$11,617,109.
Foi the repair and equipment of vessels of the Navy,
$11,400,000.
' For fuel for the Navy, to be purchased in the mode pre-
scribed by law for other materials, and for the transporta-
tion thereof, $2,160,000.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials for the
Navy, $540,000.
For ordnance and ordnance stores, including incidental
expenses, $5,150,000.
L^or provisions for commission, warrant, and petty offi-
cers and seamen, including engineers and maiines attached
to vessels for sea service, $3,351,521 25.
For surgeons' necessaues and appliances for the sick and
hurt of the Navy, including the engineer and marine corps,
§27,900.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for the follow-
ing pui poses, vi'/ : freight and transportation ; printing and
stationery; advertising in newspapers; books, maps, mod-
els, drawings; purchase and repairot fire engines; for ma-
chinery of every description and the patent right to use the
same ; repair of, and attending to steam engines in navy-
yards; purchase and maintenance of horse&'and oxen, and
diivlng teams, carts, timber wheels, and the purchase and
repair of workmen's tools ; postage of public letters ; tele-
giams; fuel, oil, and candles for navy-yards and shore sta-
tions ; pay ot watchmen and incidental labor not chaige-
ablc to any other appropriation ; transportation to and labor
attending the delivery of provisions and stores on foreign
stations; wharfage, dockage, and rent for docking vessels;
foi furniture for Government houses; traveling expenses
of officers and others under orders ; funeral expenses; store
and ofliee rent; fuel, commissions, and pay of clerks to
navy agents and storekeepers; flags, awnings, and packing
boxe^ ; premiums, and other expenses of recruiting; appre-
hending desciters; pci diem pay to peisons attending
courts-martial, comts of inquuy, and other sei vices author-
ized by law ; pay to judges advocate ; pilotage and towage
of vessels, and assistance to vessels in distress; and for
hills of health and quaiantme expenses ot vessels of the
United States Navy m foieign ports, §1,700,000.
Foi clothing for the Navy, $300,000.
Fot the charter of vessels, stoies, extra laborers, and pur-
chase of additional steam vessels, §4,800,000: Provided,
That hereafter, in all cases wheie officers of the Navy can
be made available, consistently with the public service, iu
making contiacts foi the charter of vessels, and the pur-
chase of additional steam vessels, no other person or per-
sons shall be employed; nor shall such officers, when so
employed, rcceive any compensation in addition to their
official pay ; and when any other person or peisons than
an officer of the Navy shall be employed, the compensation
shall not cxceed the sum of $5,000 for all contracts for pur-
chases or charters in any one year, made under the provis-
ions of this act.
Marine Corps.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, puvates, clerks, messengers, stewards, and servants;
for lations and clothing for servants; additional rations for
live > cars'sei vice ; foi undtawn clothing and lations, boun-
ties for ivenlislments, $696,198 30.
Foi provisions. .<$143,445.
For clothing, $134,660.
Foi fuel. §30,894 50.
Foi military stores, viz : pay of armorers, repair of arms?,
purchase of accouteunents, ordnance stores, flags, drums,
fifes, and other instiuments, §15,000.
Foi tian^portation of officers, their servants, and troopss
and expenses of recruiting, §22,000.
For repaiis of barracks, and rent of offices where there
are no public buildings for that puipose, §8,000.
For completing "repairs of Cliarlostown barracks,
§10,458 97.
Foi contingencies, viz: Height, feniage, toll, carnage,
wharfage; purcbaac and repair of boats j compensation to
judges advocate; per diem for attending coints-maitial,
courts of inquiry, and for constant labor; house rent m lieu
of quarters; burial of deceased murines ; printing, sta-
tionery, postage, telegraphing; apprehension oi deserteis;
oil, candles, ga«; repans of gas and watei fixnues, water
lent, forage, straw, barrack furniture; tunnture for officers'
quarters; bed sacks, spades, shovels, axes, picks, carpeu-
teis'tools; keep of a hoise for the messenger; pay of ma-
tron, washerwoman, and porter at the hospital headquar-
ters, §45,000.
v Navy Yards.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire:
For machine shop and smithery, fitting and furnishing the
same, reservoir, capstan forsheeis, quay wail neai landing,
exten>ion oi storehouse No. 11, fifty feet, jepairs and in-
crease of ordnance machineiy, and shops, and repairs of
all kinds, §293,035.
