THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
in several instance's, for mileage, and adoubleper
diem in addition.
• Mr. VOORHEES. Weil, Mr. Speaker, I can-
not understand that. It was not so on the western
Side of the mountains. They may have a way of
traveling much more rapidly and much further in
twenty-four hours in New York than we have in
Indiana. Ten cents a mile is allowed for actual
travel, not constructive travel. There may be
some such thing as constructive travel allowed to
district attorneys in New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Indiana is under a misapprehension, I thinlc.
He is mistaken in saying that, under existing
statutes, district attorneys receive mileage only
for actual travel. Far from it. So long ago as
"when Caleb Cushing was Attorney General, that
question was raised. He was called upon for his
opinion; and that opinion was different from the
one expressed now by the gentleman. So Judge
Black was afterwards called upon in reference to
the same point by the Secretary of the Interior,
and he referred to, and coincided with, Mr. Cush-
ing's opinions. And now, while a district attor-
ney is compelled to verify fees, and is expected to
confinc himself to the reality, mileage is not treated
asfees,and therefore without verification iscountcd
constructively. My colleague [Mr. F. A. Conk-
ling] was therefore quite right in regard to mile-
age, not only in the district to which he refers,
but in other districts. It often happens that a dis-
trict attorney appears to-day at a certain point at-
tending to a preliminary examination,and appears
to-morrow at a point nfty miles off, attending to
a preliminary examination; and his mileage is
allowed as if he went to and from his home to
each place, although his home may be five hun-
dred miles off.
I am opposed, Mr. Speaker, to the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Rhode Island,
as 1 am opposed to every proposition of that sort,
except it can be supported by most urgent equi-
ties, and for this reason: we have a fee bill,
adjusted, as the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Piielps] said, with a good deal of care and a good
deal of wisdom; a fee bill which I agree with
him in thinking yields adequate compensation,
as a general rule. But along with that fee bill we
have an arrangement of districts, and of the courts
and commissioners within them, which involves
freat expense, and brings no adequate return,
'or examples the district in which I live embraces
a region so large that courts are held and commis-
sioners reside six hundred miles distance from
each other, and process runs from one extreme to
the other. We have commissioners dotted all over
the State; the marshal receiving $200 a year as sal-
ary, the district attorney receiving $200 a year as
salary, and the real compensation of both consist-
ing of fees and mileage. 'With the field for oper-
ations thus afforded, emoluments are derived and
results produced which invite attention and legis-
lation.
With a judge of eminent ability and capacity
for labor, bur court is a gilded shadow; it falls
far short of what it should be for the efficient pur-
poses of justice. The cost of the circuitand dis-
trict court is not Jess than one hundred and twen-
ty-five or one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
a year; but its places of sitting are so remote from
the homes of suitors, so remote from the residences
of witnesses, that it travels beyond the convenient
reach, almost beyond the ken of those entitled to
have their convenience consulted. The same evil
exists in a degree still more unendurable in refer-
ence to commissioners and proceedings before
them. The whole arrangement is so singularly
felicitous in misfortune that though, for all pur-
poses, civil and criminal, the courts are said to
have been held only thirty days in the entire year,
the Secretary of the Treasury informs us that by
going from one locality to another, from one com-
missioner to another, the district attorney receives
near five thousand dollars for a part of a year,
covered by the Secretary's communication.
Now, I\ir. Speaker, 1 have no desire—far from
it—-to interpose unfriendly objections. I have no
desire to hinder any district in obtaining whatever
may be necessary to afford a fair compensation in
any particular instance. And I am very frank to
say that the case of the district of Massachusetts
does, in my judgment, present an instance in
which some additional compensation would be
proper. I have r<c hesitation in saying that any
man, at all familiar with professional compensa-
tion, and with the professional standing of the
eminent gentleman who holds the office of district
attorney for the district of Massachusetts, must
struggle somewhat with his convictions if he de-
nies that §6,000 a year is only a fair compensa-
tion for his services at this time, if he uniformly
dispenses with counsel,and devotes his whole time
to preparing, trying, and arguing causes in which
the United States is a party. And I will remark
further that, although I go as far as any man pres-
ent in supporting measures of retrenchment, yet
I express the opinion that of all the expensive
commodities to which my attention has been
called, cheap Jaw is the poorestand most unprofit-
able.
But, sir, I was proceeding to say that while I
have no desire to interfere with whatever may be
needed in any district, I want different localities
to feel existing abuses and grievances until we can
secure sufficient concertof action to secure reforms
all around. By passing bills to increase com-
pensation, even where compensation is deserved,
we shall cure that part of the evil which falls upon
individual office-holders, and leave untouched the
great evil in which the public and the Treasury
are concerned.
Now, if my friend from Indiana will indulge
me a moment longer—and I have already tres-
passed upon his time longer than I intended—I
will say that there are already, I understand,still
other applications for special legislation in this di-
rection besides those of Massachusetts and Rhode
Island, each presentinga strong case, as is claimed,
if considered by itself. New Hampshire is here
with such an application, although 1 am glad to
see the Representative from New Hampshire [Mr.
Edwards] opposes these applications. There is
the application of Illinois; Virginia comes with
such a case, and I do not know how many other
applications. Whatis to be the result? Itisthat
the general f($£])ill is to continue in its application
to the over-extended and over-peopled districts
where the ordinary ends of administering justice
fail, where district attorneys and marshals per-
form no labor adequate to the compensation they
receive.
We shall then continue to hear of cases of the
smallest importance in which the fees of maishals
and district attorneys arc extravagantly large.
The Secretary reports this case of common occur-
rence: a man who is arrested for passing a coun-
terfeit quarter of a dollar; he is taken from Dan
to Beersheba; he is carried from one end of a great
State to the other, back and forth, from commis-
sioner to commissioner, from jail to jail, and the
firsttime he succeeds in getting into court he pleads
guilty, glad to get into the State prison for the sake
of rest. [Laughter.] The prosecution of this of-
fender costs six hundred, eight hundred, or one
thousand dollars, as the case may be. There arc
cases in which the district attorney finally enters a
nolle prosequi, there are cases of the most trivial
consequence where theprisoner isdischarged upon
his own recognizance, after plea ofguilty, in which
the costs accruing in the shape of fees and ex-
penses, chiefly travel, amount to hundreds ofdol-
lars. I will venture to say that rarely were more
intolerable abuses and inconveniences incident to
any system of jurisprudence. I have heard gentle-
men say that their policy was to so arrange the
Federal courts as to banish suitors as far as possi-
ble for the purpose of diminishing the overbur-
dened calendar of the Supreme Court. I think
the suggestion almost atrocious, and will vote for
nothing to establish or perpetuate any condition
of things likely to contribute to such a policy.
If I vote for the increase of salary in Massa-
chusetts,! shall do it as an exceptional case, rest-
ing upon the urgent reasons of which we are
assured by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Thomas.] I would rather see all legislation
refused, except such as looks in some way to a
reform of abuses wherever reform is needed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire now to
ask the gentleman from Indiana to permit me to
offer the amendment to which the gentleman from
Ohio objected when he was on the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
not yield for that purpose.
Mr. VOORHEES, The gentleman from Ohio
is charged with the management of this bill, and
I cannot yield for thatpurposc against his consent.
In the observations I was making, I say, in reply
to the gentleman from New York, I was simply
indicating my opinion of the mode and manner in
which district attorneys are now paid, and en-
deavoring to indicate the possible amount which
they may receive under the fee bill as it exists.
The gentleman from New York has entertained
us here with what I have no doubt is the truth as
to the extent to which the New York Federal ju-
dicial officers manage to evade the law. I confess
my inability to follow the gentleman in his dis-
quisition upon the ingenious practices of the dis-
trict attorneys in his State. 1 always getentangled
when I attempt to follow into the mazes of the
practices of a politician of that great State, or the
official conduct of one of its citizens, as painted by
some of its most distinguished members upon this
floor. Ilis argument amounts to nothing, except
that in the State of New York they have officers
of the law who evade the law; district attorneys
who violate their oaths and take more than the law
allows them. I listened with a great deal of pleas-
ure—I will not say pleasure, for I never hear these
things of my fellow-citizens with pleasure—but I
listened with a degree of interest as the gentleman
from New York portrayed, in the vivid style of
romance, the way in which they did things in
his State. We never had cases like those which
he has cited west of the mountains. There the
men arc honest and faithful to the law, and I have
never heard of this practice, under the present fee
bill, until the gentleman fastened it on his own
great State of New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Indiann misapprehends me when he sup-
poses that I fastened it on New York alone.
Mr. VOORHEES. You have no room, I think,
for fastening it on any other.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do say this,
and the records of the Department establish that
this business of constructive mileage is as pecu-
liar to the western districts as to any other dis-
tricts in this country. The rule of the Department
has been for years, under the opinion of the Attor-
ney General, that constructive mileage was allow-
able, and it has been allowed as much in every
other State as in the State of New York.
Mr. VOORHEES. I confess that is news to
me. I would have been several hundred dollars
better off if I had known it years ago. [Laughter.]
Having now accomplished the purposes for which
I rose, I very willingly yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, who I understand de-
sires to be heard on this subject.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. In reply to
the gentleman from New York, I will remark that
the State of Rhode Island is one of those excep-
tional cases to which he has referred. You may
travel all the time in Rhode Island, and the amount
of mileage would not run beyond §100. There is
not room enough in that State to enable the dis-
trict attorney to run up charges in any year be-
yond that amount. His argument on that point,
therefore, cannot apply to that State.
The gentleman speaks about the enormous fees.
I have before me the fee bill, but I will not take
up the time of the House in reading it, because it
is familiar to most of the members. The fees al-
lowed to the district attorneys are twenty, ten, and
five dollars, for different cases. They certainly
afford an inadequate compensation to the district
attorney of Rhode Island. The whole amount of
compensation received by the-district attorney of
Rhode Island in the last eight years has not aver-
aged more than $700 per year. I know that fact
as well aS'the Secretary of the Interior, and if the
gentleman had asked for a special report in the case
of the district attorney of Rhode Island he would
have received as strong a one as was made in the
case of the district attorney of Massachusetts. I
say that the present district attorney of IShode Isl-
and has proved himself as competent as any other
district attorney now in the employ of the United
States. He has never lost a case, and he deserves
this legislation at the hands of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to yield me the floor in order that
I may submit my motion tp recommit to theCom-
mittee on the Judiciary with instructions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I decline to yield any fur-
ther, and I now call the previous question.
On a division, there were—ayes forty-nine.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, That is nota ma-
jority of a quorum.
