1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
37th Cong....2d
Slavery in the District—Mr. Rollins.
Ho. of Reps.
mend it to the admiration of good men all over the
world, and win for it the approval of Heaven,
where mercy has its seat.
Looking at the subject only in this light, I should
not hesitate in my support of this great measure,
knowing as I do thata work founded injustice and
mercy cannot fail to be beneficent in its results.
But other considerations commend themselves
to the practical legislator, to which I claim the
attention of this House. Here is the scat of Gov-
ernment for this great nation—this young giant
among the Powers of the earth—adding daily to
the strong sinews of his frame, and hardening his
muscles by constant labor in the march of empire,
despite the leprosy that had seized a part of his
frame. Here is the eye of the country through
which men look to read the soul within. The
light thereof should not be doubtful, nor its aspect
repel the gaze of him who approaches to admire.
The records of the nation show that Washington
had for many years regarded the present site with
peculiar favor, when, after the establishment of
his country 's independence, he cast his eye about
to seek for its seat of Government. He rejnem-
bered how it had impressed him when, joined with
Braddock's command, he was encamped upon the
very spot where the Observatory now stands, and
recalled his youthful surveys, when he had noted
the natural advantages it offered for the location
of a great city. Wc arc not surprised at the im-
pressions thus made tfpon his mind, and that they
remained unchanged to the hour of his death.
Situated at the head of navigation > on the deep and
broad Potomac, far in the heart of the country,
this city stands almost unrivaled on the continent
in all the natural elements that tend to make a great
and opulent mart. This view of the case must
have had much influence in bringing about the
final location of the capital, after political influ-
ences had decidcd that it should come south of the
Susquehanna.
When the question first arose in Congress, a
large majority were in favor of a northern loca-
tion, and a bill was passed fixing upon German-
town, Pennsylvania, as the seat of Government;
butaslightdisagreementbetween the two Houses
caused the subject to be postponed to the next ses-
sion of Congress. This was in 1789. In 1790, a bill
passed Congress entitled u An act establishing the
temporary and permanent seat of Government of
the United States," fixing upon its present location
as the permanent seat.
The political influences that finally decided the
niatter were in the nature ofa compromise, where-
in, as usual, slavery obtained all the advantage.
During the war of the Revolution, the northern
States had incurred great expenses in carryingon
the war, that involved them deeply in debt; fork
is well known that those States had borne the
great burden of the war in raising men and fur-
nishing means for carrying it on, to such an ex-
tent that the great body of the troops sent to de-
fend the Carolinas went from the North. It seemed
but just that the General Government should as-
sume the payment of debts burdening individual
States, that all might bear the load alike. This
was bitterly opposed by the members from the
States that had done comparatively little, which,
though deriving equal advantages, were unwilling
to relieve those who, with lavish hands, had sup-
plied our infant Government with the means of
support. Thus early was manifested that illib-
eral spirit which, at successive periods, has shown
itself to govern the legislation of the southern
members of Congress. The bill for the assump-
tion of the State debts was defeated, and now an
opportunity was offered for the dexterous play of
compromise. Mr. Jefferson says:
It was observed that tins pill [the assumption of State
debts] was> peculiaiiybitter to the southern States, and that
somfi concomitant measure should be adopted to sweeten
it a little to them; and it was thought that by giving the seat
of Government to Philadelphia tor ten years, and to George-
town, on the Potomac, permanently atterwnids, this might
as an anodyne calm in some degree the foment that might
be excited by the other measure alone."
Finally, enough members were procured to
change their votes to secure the passage of both
bills. The State debts were assumed, and the seat,
of Government permanently located where it now
is. Let me not omit to say that Washington, then
President, favored the passage of the bill for the
assumption of the State debts, as a just and equal
measure, while he at the same time preferred some
spot on the banks of the Potomac as the seat of
Government. The fact that Washington desired
it, reconciles us in a measure to the selection of
the present location of the capital. To him can-
not be attributed any other than the purest mo-
tives. He believed that nature would aid to make
the capital city of the nation, standing near the
head of tide water on the Potomac, the pride and
glory of the whole people. With a prophet's eye
he read the future of the nation, and his imagina-
tion painted the magnificent proportions of its
capital. London sat upon the Thames, Paris
upon the Seine, Vienna on the Danube. Constan-
tinople invited the Ottoman empire to the Golden
Horn; and Peter the Great, the Washington of
Russia, built St. Petersburg on the Neva. What
these cities of modern Europe were to the nations
to whom thcygavelaws,so would the seat of Gov-
ernment of this country be to the people thereof.
It was not a wild vision, but such as the calm tem-
per of Washington would paint when he counted
up the cities that, like jewels, would in the far
future adorn the land.
That these anticipations of this great man have
been as yet realized in hardly any degree, is at-
tributable to one cause, and only one. Let this
bill become a law, and so far as Congress is con-
cerned, that cause will be removed. The capital
was established in the midst of a country and
among a people where free labor is a badge of
dishonor, and the callous handmarks of toil a
token of disgrace. It has been in vain that the
valley of the Potomac extended through the ridge
of the Alleghanies and touched the fountains of
the Ohio and tempted the mineral wealth of west-
ern Virginia and invited all the agricultural wealth
of the West to pay tribute to this natural seat of
trade. TheChesapcakeandOhiocanal,emulating
the great Erie canal, was opened in vain; for slave
labor could not transmute the ores of the mount-
ains into the gold of commerce, nor would the
agricultural productions of southwestern Penn-
sylvania, of Ohio, or of western Virginia, come
to a slave market to be exchanged for the bung-
ling handicraft of forced and unrequited labor.
It is slavery that has hung over this city like an
incubus, and kept out trade and enterprise, genius
and skill in mechanic arts, thrift and capital of
commerce, that seek abiding places only where
the light of freedom shows a theater of action.
Who ever -heard or saw that the towns and vil-
lages that nestle among the mountains to the west
•of us, or are scattered over the plains, ever sent
their merchants to this mart to trade? Where are
the shops that swarm with busy artisan sand skill-
ful mechanics, fashioning and making every ar-
ticle that taste may fancy or convenience and
necessity require? Their fame extends not be-
yond this District, and it requires a longer resi-
dence than mine to find thum out. Intelligent labor
would not come here. The law that prevails all
over the world, which makes the seat of a nation's
capital a place of great trade, the home of genius
and skill and enterprise, does not apply here.
Servile labor chokes all the avenues, and spreads
far away through the whole round of the com-
pass, and Washington is to-day what it can be
by drawing its support from the General Gov-
ernmentjand nothing more. Slavery would have
it so. Ithas resisted every attempt of the people
of the free States to disincumber this District of
the weight that burdened it, like the " old man
of the sea." It knew well how to use its " nat-
ural allies," whom the love of power and the
greed of office bound to its interests, and made its
supple tools. In vain have been all attempts to
open this District to the waiting thousands of
northern mechanics and tradesmen. We well re-
member how the right of petition was denied, and
especially do the men of my State remember it,
for to New Hampshire belongs the distinguished
shame of furnishing the man to move in these
Halls to strike down that sacred right. But while
they remember this, they do not forget that to her
belongs an equally distinguished honor of having
sent to the other branch of Congress the first Sen-
ator elected distinctively to resist the encroach-
ments of this power. Notsatisfied with its ancient
boundaries, slavery has sought to extend itself in
all directions wherever new regions opened, fear-
ful that the tide of emigration from the free North
swelling westward and southwesterly might break
over within its own limits. It adopted the pop-
ular cry of" equal rights, "shocking the common
sense of humanity with the pretended claim that
the lands vet uncut by the plowshare were by
any right, human or divine, the equal heritage of
freedom and slavery; that the minerals yet undis-
covered in the bosom of the earth were alike the
property of men who should drive their gangs of
slaves to the mines and of those who owned only
their own limbs and worked their own musclcs;
that the streams whose waters come dancing down
from the mountains would as cheerfully become
the servants of slaves as lift the hammer and drive
the shuttle for the freeman. When at last it broke
down the barriers that had long restrained it to
certain limits, freedom grappled with it on its own
chosen field, and won by making Kansas a free
State forever. Events crowd upon each other.
The men of the North, surprised at their own
successes, sought to administer the General Gov-
ernment for the interests of freedom, and elected
Abraham Lincoln to be Chief Magistrate.
In this event slavery was not taken by surprise.
Its supporters had long expected it, and in secret
darkness had plotted their treason, for, like the
great arch traitor—who no doubt fears lest his
great act of treason shall be eclipsed—they
"Had rather reign in hell than serve m heaven."
One great object of all their plans was the gain-
ing possession of Washington. The capital must
still drag on, bound in chains and hampered with
fetters. When the country was rent they did not
mean that one rood of territory that had still the
curse of slavery upon it should be left to the ren-
ovating influences of a Government wholly free.
No; the whole must be dragged down, lest some
portion of territory that feels the blight of servi-
tude should be reclaimed and blossom in the light
and heat of freedom. But, thanks to the patriot-
ism of northern soldiers, the capital was saved.
Our brave soldieis, fired with a noble ardor, re-
sponsive to the call of the Piesident, while on
their way to defend this capital, were slaughtered
in the streets of Baltimore; all communication of
the President with Lho real defenders of the Union
in the North was cut olf for days, and seriously
interrupted for weeks; the capital of the Repub-
lic has been beleaguered for months, and the Pres-
ident and his constitutional advisers have been
compelled, during their deliberations, to listen to
the roar of rebel cannon. But for the single fact
that this city is environed by slavery, all these
humiliating circumstances attendant upon the ad-
ministration of the Government for the past year
might have been avoided—ay land the rebellion -
itself. If the capital had been planted on north-
ern soil, it might not have been endangered.
The location of the capital on southern soil, its
distance from those who could be relied upon in
an emergency to defend it, its situation in the
midst of a people that sympathized with the re-
bellion, and its almost exclusive possession by
secessionists, made the scheme of breaking up the
Government seem practicable, and gave the rebels
courage and confidencc in their fiendish purposes.
I do not believe any attempt would have been
made to seize the capital had all the avenues of
approach to it been guarded by the eagle eye of a
really free people. Treason hoped to win while"
marching to its purpose in the encouraging smile
of sympathizing spirits. It knew well the tem-
per of this people, and expected to march its hordes
through those avenues amid a shower of strown
flowers and storms of applause. Had this capi- .
tal been located among a free people, when the
hour of peril came it would not have found the
city inhabited by a class of men in arms against
the nation's life, or encouraging rebellion bywords
of sympathy, and doing all in their power to up-
hold the arms of traitors laised to seize the seat of
Government and disrupt the Union.
Against what fearful odds have the patriotic
soldiers of the Republic had to contend in this
slave accursed city ! While treason, plotting in
all its avenues, in the secret chambers of the Gov-
ernment-fed aristocracy, and in the lolling par-
lors of slavery-pampered wealth, safe amid the
general sympathy of the crowd, its emissaries
flying away to Charleston and Richmond and
Montgomery, and hastening back to give report
of how the plot for seizing the capital\vas ripen-
