1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. Ninety-throe being a quo-
rum,it is more than half that number. The Chair
desires, with the consent of the House, to call at-
tention to the question of what constitutes a quo-
rum. The point was made at the extra session,
am! the Chair then had that portion of the Con-
stitution read which declares that
" A majority of the House shall constitute a quorum to
do Imsine^."
And that
"The House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second year by the people of the
several States."
The Chair decided that a quorum was a major-
ity of the members chosen. The only question on
which there could be any doubt is, whether the
evidence of how many are chosen shall be determ-
ined by the number who are qualified and take
their seats. As the point might be raised at some
time during our proceedings, and it being an im-
portant one, the Chair wished to call the attention
of the House to the subject, so that he might have
the benefit of the views of members on the ques-
tion whenever it should arise.
On seconding; the demand for the previous ques-
tion, the noes were twenty-two; no quorum vot-
ing.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
And then, on motion of Mr. SARGENT, (at
twenty minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 5, 1363.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Ilev. Dr. Sunderland.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I see that the Journal
is very long, I move thatthe reading be dispensed
WThe VICE PRESIDENT. It will be dis-
pensed with if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 29th of May, information in rela-
tion to the parties'entitled to certain lands in Kan-
sas, commonly denominated "Half-breed Kaw-
' lands;" which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate the animal report of the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution of the operations,
expenditures, and condition of that institution for
the year 1*61: and a motion of Mr. Hale to piint
it was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of J.
B. Chapman, praying lemuneiation for expendi-
tures and services rendered the Osage nation of
Indians m organizing a civil government; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying that the tax to be raised for the war,
and for the support of the Government, may he
apportioned according to population among the
severaVStates in the Union; that an income tax
may be laid to pay off public debt, and that the
property of rebels may be confiscated; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 341)
for the relief of Charles L. Nelson; which was
read twice by its title, and, with the accompany-
ing papers, referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
342) for the establishment of certain national
arsenals; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Miliua.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethe ridge 5 its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was icquested:^
A bill (No. 371) to provide an oath of office,
and for other purposes; and
A bill (No. 507) to change the port of entry fur
the district of Brunswick, Georgia
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
260) making appropriations for the current and
contingentexpenses of the Indian department,and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1863,
and had agreed to other amendments of the Sen-
ate to the said bill, with amendments; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
APPROPRIATION FOR VOLUNTEERS' BOUNTY.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the third, and disagreed to the first
and second, amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House (No. 413) making appropriations
for the payment of the bounty authorized by the
sixth section of an act entitled "An act to author-
ize the employment of volunteers to aid in en-
forcing the lawsand protecting public property,"
appioved July 22, 18Gl,and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (S. No.
184) to authorize the President of the United States
to appoint diplomatic representatives to the re-
publics of Hayti and Liberia, respectively; and
it was signed by the Vice President.
SENATE CHAMBER.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution yesterday sub-
mitted by him:
Resolved, That a committee of three he appointed by
the Chair, whose duty it shall he to inquire and repoit to
the Seratc whether some plan may not be adopted for the
\entiiatioii of the Chamber in its present location, or by a
reconstruction of the Chamber, by lemoving the same to
the outei walH of the building, so as to render the same
niotii conducive to the health and comfoit of those who are
icquired to occupy the same.
Mr. HALE. I will make a very brief expla-
nation of the resolution. A similar resolution was
passed at the last Congress, or the Congiess
before, I do not know which; a committee was
appointed, arid the man who had charge of the
extension, Captain Franklin, now General Frank-
lin, came before the committee, and submitted
estimates and plans. Two or three plans were
submitted to the acceptance of the committee, but
there was no action had by the Senate. I think
the experience of every member of the Senate
must have satisfied him that something is neces-
sary to be done if the Senate is to remain in its
present position. The plan of ventilation, I am
told by those who are experts and conversant
with it, is about the woist that could possibly be
devised. A gentleman who is one of the trustees
of the Massachusetts asylum for the insane at
Worcester was here, and suggested a plan of ven-
tilation which would be an infinite improvement
on this, even if the Chamber is to remain where
it is. As it is now, we have something like a hot-
house,as if it were for rearing exotic plants, over
our heads,'by which the rays of the sun are con-
centrated on us, and the air we breathe is pumped
up from a damp and unwholesome place below
the surface of the ground, so that I think human
ingenuity could not devise a worse Chamber than
we have got.
In ofleung this resolution I wish to say that
so far from desiring a place on the committee, I
should be very glad indeed to be excused from
any service upon it. I have as much to do now
as I know how to get along with. If the Senate
adopt the resolution, and place me upon the com-
mittee, I shall not shrink from the duty, whether
[ am put on the committee as first, second, or
third; but I hope I shall not be placed there. The
resolution is merely one of inquiry, and I trust
the Senate will pass it.
Mr. CLARK. I inquire of my colleague why
lie docs not let it go to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. HALE. 1 am perfectly willing that it shall
go to them, if they will take it.
Mr. CLARK. I hope it will go to that com-
mittee.
Mr. HALE. I have no choice about the com-
mittee.
Mr. FOOT. It had better be a scleot com-
mittee.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what maimer
shall the committee be sppointed*
Mr. HALE. By thfe Chair. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatrequiresunan-
imous consent.
No objection being made, it was so -ordered;
and Messrs. Hale, Ten Eyck, and Carliub
were appointed the committee. -
HOUSE BILLS BEFERBED. '
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 371) to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A bill (No. 507) to change the port of entry for
the district of Brunswick, Georgia—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I now call for the considera-
tion of the resolution for the expulsion of the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow us to have a vote on the
question of a quorum this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. I should be very glad to oblige
the Senator, but this resolution, which, as the
Chair has stated, is one of high privilege, has been
postponed from day to day, and it is one that I
think imperiously requires the action of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i hope the Senator will
waive that for a little while. There is on the table
a bill for the organization of the Territory of Ari-
zona, which passed the House of Representatives
a long time ago; it can be passed m a few min-
utes; and it ought to be passed. Let that be done.
Mr. SUMNER. I will yield to let that be taken
up by unanimous consent; but I do not wish to
lose time. 1 think this ease ought to be decided
befoie one o'clock.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is of very great im-
portance that the territorial bill should be passed.
We are in trouble in Arizona.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator with-
draws his motion, or he does not; which does
he do?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let it lie over informally
until we can take ifp this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. If that can be passed at once
without discussion, I shall allow it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, because if his motion does not
prevail, 1 shall move to take up the resolution in
regard to a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts has yielded to the Senator from
Wisconsin, who moves to postpone all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the bill to organize
the Territory of Arizona.
The motion was agieed to.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
The bill (H. R. No. 357) to provide a tempo-
rary government for the Territory of Arizona,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that all that part of the present Terri-
tory of New Mexico situate west of a line running
due south from the point where the southwest
corner of the Territory ofCoioradojoins the north-
ern boundary of New Mexico to the southern
boundary line of the Territory of New Mexico,
shall be erected into a temporary government, by
the name of the Territory of Arizona; but the act
is not to be construed to prohibit Congress from
dividing the Territory, or changing its bounda-
ries, in such manner and at such time as it may
deem proper. The territorial government is to
be maintained and continued until such time as
the people residing in the Territory shall, with
the consentof Congress, form a State government,
republican in form, as prescribed in the Consti-
tution of the United States, and apply for and ob-
tain admission into the Union as a State, on an
equal footing with the original States. The gov-
ernment hereby authorized is to consist of an
executive, legislative, and judicial power. The
executive power is to be vested in a Governor;
the legislative power is to consist of a Council of
nine members and a House of Representatives
of eighteen; the judicial power is to be vested in
a supreme court, to consist of three judges, and
