2570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
such inferior courts as the Legislative Council
may by law prescribe. There are to be also a
secretary, a marshal, a district attorney, and a
surveyor genera!, who, together with the Gov-
ernor and judges of the supreme court, are to be
appointed'by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, arid the term of
• office for each, the manner of their appointment,
and the powers, duties, and compensation of the
Governor, Legislative Assembly, judges of tlie
supreme court, secretary, marshal, district attor-
ney, and surveyor general, with their clerks,
draughtsman, deputies, and sergeant-at-arms, are
to be such as areconfened upon the same officers
by the act organizing the territorial government
of New Mexico, and the subordinate officers are
to be appointed in the same manner, and not to
exceed in number those created by that act and
the acts amendatory thereto, and, with all legisla-
tive enactments of the Territory of New Mexico
not inconsistent with the provisions of this act, are
extended to and continued in force in Arizona,
until repealed or amended by future legislation.
No salary is to be due or paid to tlTe officers cre-
ated by the act until they have entered upon the
duties of their respective offices within the Terri-
tory. It is declared that there shall be no slavery
nor involuntary servitude in the Territory, other-
wise than in the punishment of crimes whereof
the parties shall have been duly convicted ; and it
repeals all acts and parts of acts, either of Con-
gress or of the Territory of New Mexico, estab-
lishing, regulating, or in any way recognizing the
relation of master and slave in the Territory.
The bill had been reported from the Committee
on Tenitories with amendments?
The first amendment was in section two, line
four, after the word " Governor," to insert:
Who, in addition to lus othor duties, shall be ex officio
superintendent of fndian affairs, but shall receive no addi-
tional salary theiefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two,line thirty-one,after the word "Ter-
ritory," to insert:
And until otherwise provided the scar of government of
*aid Tcuitory .shall be at Tue.-ou: K-ind provided further,
That no one hC^lon of the Legislative Assembly shall
exceed forty days in duration.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest one amendment
of two or three words. After the word "act,"
in line twenty-nine, of section two, I would insert
the words " for more than three months." It will
take the officers nearly six months to get to the
Territory, and this is a provision that no salary
shall be paid until they get there to peiform then-
duties within the Territory. That limitation I
would restrict to not more than three months, for
it will take them more than that tune to get there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.GRIMES. Imove to roconsidertheamend-
ment by which (he capital was fixed atsome place,
I do not remember its name.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in order
to meet that question when the bill shall be reported
to the .Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that 1 under-
stand it is an unusual thing in a territorial bill to fix
the capital by act of Congress. It is usually left
to the Governor to convene the first Legislature at
some convenient point, and then the location is
left to the Legislative Council.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from Iowa that the difficulty may be
met by making the clause read, " until otherwise
provided by the Legislature of the Territory,"
and then there will be a place for the first Legisla-
ture to meet, provided by law.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not usual by act of Con-
gress to fix the capital. When the Congress of
the United States, that does not know anything
about the geography of that country, undertakes
to fix the place, it is calculated to exeile a little
suspicion. I should desire to leave the location
ot the capital of the Territory, in the first instance,
to the Governor, who goes there and sees exactly
where the center of population will be, and where
the Greneial Assembly can be most conveniently
convened. I would let him fix the place for the
first session, and then the Legislative Council of
the Territory could fix the permanent capital
wherever they saw fit.
Mr. BRO WNING. I will state, tor the inform-
ation of the Senate, that when the bill was under
consideration before the Committee on Territo-
lies, there were gentlemen before the committee
professing to be, and who I think were, very fa-
miliar with the geography of the country and the
neighborhoods or districts of country in which
the population of this Territory is chiefly to be
found; and they suggested the propriety of fixing
the seat of government for the time being at the
place named, as being the only point where the
population could be accommodated. One, at least,
of the gentlemen who were* before the committee
was from the Territory, having resided there some
years, and he is apparently perfectly familiar,
thoroughly acquainted, with the geography and
the population of the Territory and all its wants.
Another of the gentlemen who were before the
committee was the Delegate from New Mexico,
Judge Watts, agentleman-in whose integrity I
have very great confidence, who is perfectly famil-
iar with every portion of that country, and who
also concurred in the opinion that the seat of gov-
ernment ought for the present to be at that place.
It was for these reasons that Tucson was desig-
nated as the place at which the authorities of the
Territory should for the present transact their
business.
The bill was reported to the Senate as ajnended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be put separately on each amendment as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Secretary read the first amendment, which
was after the word "Governor," in the fourth
line of the second section, to insert the words,
" who, in addition to his other duties, shall be ex
officio superintendent of Indian affairs, but shall
leceive no additional salary therefor."
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, which was in the
twenty-ninth line of section two, after the word
"act," to insert, " for more than three months
before."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. J made a mistake in also
not striking out the word "until," in the thirtieth
Imo, and I desire that the amendment be amended
in that particular.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so amended if there be no objection. The
result of the adoption of the amendment, as it
now stands, will be to make the clause read:
Provided, That no salary shall be, due or paid to the
officers created by Hin act for more than three month* be-
fore they have entered upon the duties of their respective
offices within the said Territory.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment, which
was in the thirty-fiist line of the second section,
after the word "Territory," to insert:
And until oihenvise pmvided, the seat of government of
said Territory shall be atTueyou :  >?iid provided farther,
That no one session of the Legislative Assembly shall
exceed forty days in duuition.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not see any reason, and
I think the Senator from Illinois has not stated
any reason, why we should depart from the or-
dinary practice in cases of this kind. It is true
that two gentlemen, one a Delegate from another
Territory and one claiming to be a citizen of this
piojected Tei i itory, have lepresented to the Com-
mittee on Territories that Tucson -k* the proper
place for the capital. They may have entertained
that opinion; but are we going to fix that capital
permanently, and according to the reading of the
amendment I think it is fixed permanently, at this
place? It says that it shall be at Tucson until
otherwise provided by law. By what law? By
the law of Congress that creates the Territory
that passes the organic act? I apprehend that
would be the construction; and if the people of
that Teriitoiy should ever desire hereafter to
change the capital, they would be compelled to
appeal to us to secure tho change.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. Will my honorable friend
allow me to suggest that I think a few words in-
serted here would avoid all difficulty, by making
the clause read, "until otherwise provided by the
Legislature of said Terntory?"
Mr. GRIMES. But why fix it at Tucson at
all? Why not leave it as all the Territories have
been heretofore ? Why not let the Governor, who
goes theie and examines the Tenitoiy,select the
place for thefn^t meeting of the Legislature*
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state to tho Sena-
tor from Iowa that he is entirely mistaken when
he says it is the uniform rule for Congress not to
fix the capital. The rule has been to fix it tem-
porarily by the Congressorganizing the Territory,
leaving it to the Legislature at its first or any sub-
sequent session to remove it, if they see fit. That
has been the rule.
Mr. GRIMES. That certainly has not been a
uniform rule. That may have been done in one
instance; it may have been so m the instance of
the Senator's own Territory; but it has not been
in all cases. It certainly was not so in the Ter-
ritories in which I happened to live. 1 have lived
in three Territories and one State, while residing
all the time in the same town, and not having
changcd my residence; and I know that in two of
those Territories, Wisconsin and Iowa, the capi-
tal was not fixed by the oiganic law of the Terri-
tory.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am somewhat familiar
with this Territory; I have been all over it. The
business between California and Arizona is very
immediate. There is no other place in Arizona
for the Legislature to meet at the present time but
Tucson. That is a fact understood by every per-
son familiar with the Territory. I do not see any
difficulty in our fixing that as the temporary capi-
tal, allowing the Legislature to change it after-
wards if they see fit. There are better places for
a seat of government than Tucson; it is not a de-
sirable place for a seat of government; but, as a
matter of necessity, it must be located there at
present. Then, by giving the Legislature power
to change it when they are prepared to change it,
I think the bill will do very well in this respect.
The reason no other place can now be named is
that the Territory is overborne by enemies and
Indians, and the speedy passage of the bill is im-
portant for that reason.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think it is very wise to
put this provision in. I am not very much in
favor of leaving it to the Governor to go there and
make such a bargain as he sees fit with the differ-
ent towns in the Territory, because it will be a
very good chance for a " nice" little speculation
on the part of the Governor. I am for fixing this
point. The committee inquired carefully into the
facts, and it was settled beyond all dispute that it
was pioper that this point should be named in the
bill. I hope the action of the committee will be*
sustained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin move to amend the amendment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend it by
inserting after the word "provided" the words
" by the Legislature thereof."
Mr. BRO WN1NG. I can see no possible rea-
son for striking outTucson, and leaving the seat
of government to be selected by the Governor
when he shall go out there. Perhaps it may be
necessary to have a scat of government designated
before the Governor gels there; territorial Gov-
ernors are generally appointed from some of the
States. The Senator from Iowa is totally mis-
taken in supposing that we acted upon the inform-
ation of a Delegate from another Territory. The
Delegate from New Mexico represents these peo-
ple, as they are now a part of the Territory ot
New Mexico, as well as he does the people ot
Santa Fe, and I think he was entiiely unselfish
and public spirited in the representations he made
to the committee. I entertain no doubt that this
is the only place in the Territory where the seat
of government can, for the time being, be fixed.
I see no possible reason for striking it out and
leaving it to be adjusted by the Governor when
he gets there.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will not be stricken
out. As I have understood from all those who
know anything about this Territory, Tucson is
the only place fit at the present time for a seat ot
government, and we thought one ought to be des-
ignated in the act. I hope it will not be disturbed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
amending tlie amendmentas proposed by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say a word in
reference to this bill upon general principles, if I
can get the attention of the Senate. I cannot con-
ceive the necessity for creating a new territorial
government in Anzonaat this time. Who is de-
