588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
to this body, a proposition to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States, so as to prohibit Con-
gress from ever hereafter interfering with the in-
stitution of slavery in the States, making that
restriction a part of the organic law of the land.
That constitutional amendment came here after
the Senators from seven States had seceded; and
yet it was passed by a two-third vote in the Sen-
ate. Have you ever heard of any one of the States
which had then seceded, or which has since se-
ceded, talcing up that amendment to the Constitu-
tion, and saying they would ratify it, and make it
a part of that instrument? No. Does not the
whole history of this rebellion tell you that it was
revolution that theleaders wanted, that they started
for, that they intended to have ? The facts to which
I have referred show how the Crittenden propo-
sition might have been carried; and when the Sen-
ators from the slave States were reduced to one
fourth of the members of this bod y, the two Houses
passed a proposition to amend the Constitution,
so as to guaranty to tfte States peifect security in
regard to the institution of slaveiy in all future
time, and prohibiting Congress from legislating
on the subject.
But whatmorc was done ? After southern Sen-
ators had treacherously abandoned the Constitu-
tion and deserted their posts here, Congress passed
bills for the organization of three new Territories,
Dakota, Nevada, and Colorado; and in the sixth
scction of each of those bills, after conferring, af-
firmatively, power on the Territorial Legislature,
it went on to exclude certain powers by using a
negative form of expression; and it provided,
among other things, that the Legislature should
have no power to legislate so as to impair the light
to private property; that it should lay no tax dis-
criminating against one description of property
in favor of another; leaving the power on ail these
questions not. in the Territorial Legislature, but
in the people when they should come to form a
State constitution.
Now, I ask, talcing the amendment to the Con-
stitution, and taking the three tentorial bills,
embracing every square inch of temtoiy in the
possession of the United States, how much of the
slavery question was left? Wliat better compro-
mise could have been made ? Still we are told that
matters might have been compromised, and that
if we had agreed to compromise, bloody rebellion
would not now be abroad in the land. Sir, south-
ern Senntois are responsible for it. They stood
here with power to accomplish the result, and yet
treacherously, and, 1 may say, tauntingly, they
left this Chamber, and announced that they had
dissolved their connection with the Government.
Then, when we were left m the hands of those
whom we had been taught to believe would en-
croach upon our rights, they gave us, in the con-
stitutional amendment and in the thiee lemfonal
bills, all that had ever been asked; and yet gen-
tlemen talk about compromise. Why was not this
taken and accepted? A'o; itv.as not compromise
that the leaders waited; they wanted power, they
wanted to destroy thus Go\eminent, so that they
might have place and emolument for themselves.
They had lost confident e in the intelligence and
virtue and nitegi ity of the people, and their capa-
city to govern themselves; and they intended to
separate and form a government, the chief corner-
stone of whi'-h should be slavery, disfranchising
the great mass of the people, of which we have
seen constant evidence, and merging the powers
of government m the hands-of the few. i know
what I say. 1 know their feelings and their sen-
timents. I soivud in the Senate here with them.
1 know they were a close corporation, that had
no more confidence in oi respect for the people
than has the dey of Algiers. I fought that close
corporation here. I knew that they were no fnends
or the people. 1 knew that Slidell and Mason
and Benjamm and Iverson and Toombs were the
enemies oi free government, and 1 know so now.
1 commenced the war upon them before a State
seceded; and I intend to keep on fighting this great
battle before thc^country for the perpetuity oi* free
government. They seek to overthrow it, and to
establish a despotism in its place. That is the
great battle whn h is upon our hands. The great
mtei ests' of civil liberty and free government call
upon every patriot and every lover of popular
lights to come forward and discharge his duty.
Wesee thisgieatsfiuggle; we see that the cxer-
ciseofthc vital principle ofgoveunnent itiejf is de-
nied by those who desire our institutions to be over-
thrown and despotism established on their ruins.
If we have not the physical and moral courage to
exclude from our midst men whom we believe to
be unsafe depositors of public power and public
trust—men whose associates were rolling off hon-
eyed accents against coercion, and are now in the
traitor's camp—if we have not the courage to force
these men from our midst, bccause we have known
them, and have been personal friends with them
for years, we are not entitled to sit here as Sena-
tors ourselves. Can you expect your brave men,
your officers and soldiers that are now in "the
tented field," subject to all the hardships and pri-
vations pertaining to a civil war like this, to have
courage, and to march on with patriotism to crash
tieason on every battle-field, when you have not
the courage to expel it. from your midst? Set
those brave men an example; say to them by; your
acts and voice that you evidence your intention to
put down tiaitors in the liekl by ejecting them
from your midst, without regard to former asso-
ciations.
I do not say these things in unkindness. I say
them in obedience to duty, a high constitutional
duty that I owe to my country; yes, sir, that 1
owe to my wife and children. By your failure to
exercise the powers of this Government, by your
failure to enforce the laws of theUnion,I am sep-
arated from those most dear to me. Pardon me,
sir, for this personal allusion. My wife and chil-
dren have been turned into the street, and my house
has been turned into a barracks, and for what?
Because 1 stand by the Constitution and the in-
stitutions of the country that I have been raised
to love, respect, and venerate. This is my offense.
Where are my sons-in-law ? One to-day is lying
in prison; another is forced to fly to the mount-
a^jis to evade the pursuit of the hell-horn and
hell-bound conspiracy of disunion and secession;
and when their cries come up here to you for pro-
tection, we aie told, " No; 1 am against the entire
coercive policy of the Government."
The speech of the Senator from California the
other day had the ellect in some degree, and
■seemed to be intended to give the question a party
tinge. If I know myself—although, as 1 avowed
before, I am a Democrat, and expect to live and
die one—I know no party in this great struggle
for the existence of my country. The argument
presented by the Senator from California was,
that wc need not be in such hot pursuit of Mr.
Bright, or those Senators who entertain his sen-
timents, who are stdl here, becausc we had been
a little dilatory m expelling other traitorous Sen-
ators heretofore, and he referred us to the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessknden,]
which was introduced at the special session in
Mai eh last, declaring that certain Senators having
withdrawn, and their scat-* having theie by become
vacant, the Secretary should omit their names
from the roll of the Senate. 1 know there, seemed
to be a kind of timidity, a kind of fear, to make
us'1 of the word " expel" .it that time; but the fact
that we deciaied the seats vacant, and stopped
there, did not preehidi us i\om afterwards pass-
ing a vote of censure. The lesoUinon, which was
odopted m Maich, meiel v stated the fact that Sen-
ators hud withdtawn, and left their seats uieant.
At the next session a resolution was introduced
to expel tin; other Senators from the seceded Stages
who did not attend m the Senate; and my friend
[Mr. Latham] moved to strike out of that very
icsolmion the word " expelled," and insert " va-
cated so that i do not think he ought to be much
offended at it. I simply allude to it to show how
easy it is fur us to lorget the surrounding circum-
stances that ipIIlu-'ih ed our action at the time it
took" place. Wc know that a year ago theie was
a deep and abiding hope that the rebellion would
not progress as it has done; that it would cease;
and that there might be circumstances which, at
one time, would to some extent justify us in al-
lowing a wide margin which, at another period of
time, would be wholly unjustifiable.
All this, however,amounts to nothing. "We have
a case now before us that requires our action, and
we should act upon it conscientiously in view of
the facts which are piesented. Because we neg-
lected to expel tmitois before, and omitted to have
them arrested, and permitted them to go away
freely, and afterwards deciaied their seats vacant
bccause they had gone, we are not now prevented
from expelling a Senator who is not woi thy to be
in the Senate. I do not say that other traitors
may not be punished yet. I "trust in God the time
will come, and that before long, when these trai-
tors can be overtaken in the aggregate, and wo
may mete out to them condign punishment, such
as their offense deserves. \ know who was for
arresting them. I know who declared their con-
duct to be treason. Here in their midst I told them
it was treason, and they might make the best of
it they could.
Sir, to sum up the argument, I think there is
but little in the point presented by-the Senator
fiom New Jersey, of there being no proof of the
reception of the letter; and I think I have extracted
the staple commodity entirely out of the speech
of the Senator from Delaware; and so far as the
force of the argument based upon the Senate hav-
ing at one session expelled certain members, while
at the previous session it only vacated their seats,
I think the Senator from California answers that
himself. As to the polished and ingenious state-
ment of the case made by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Harris,] I think I have answered
that by putting the case upon a different basis from
that presented by him, and which seems to control
his action.
Mr. President, X have alluded to the talk about
compromise. If I know myself, there is no one
who desires the preservation of this Government
more than I do; and I think I have given as much
evidence as mortal man could give of my devotion
to the Union. My property has been sacrificed;
my wife and children have been turned out of
doors; my sons have been imprisoned; my son-
in-law has had to run to the mountains; I have
sacrificed a large amount of bonds in trying to
give some evidence of my devotion to the Govern-
ment under which I was raised. I have attempted
to show you that on the part of the leaders of this
rebellion there was no desiie to compromise—
compromise was not what they wanted; and now
the great issue before the country is the perpet-
uation or the destruction of free Government. I
have shown how the resolution of the venerable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] was
defeated, and that southern men are responsible
for that defeat—six sitting in their places and re-
fusing to vote. His proposition was onlylostby
two votes; and m the end, when the seceders had
gone, by only one. Well do I remember, as was
described by the Senator from California, the sad-
ness, the gloom, the anguish that played over his
venerable face when the result was announced;
and I went across the Chamber, and told him that
here were men refusing to vote, and that to me
was administered a rebuke by one of them for
speaking to him on the subject.
Now, the Senator from Delaware tells us that if
that compromise had been made, all these conse-
quences would have been avoided. It is a mere
pretense; it is false. Their object was to overturn
the Government. If they could not got the control
of this Government, they were willing to divide
the country and govern a part of it. Talk not of
compromise now. What, sir, compromise with
traitors with arms in their hands! Talk about
"our southern brethren" when they lay their
swords at your throat and their bayonets at your
bosoms ! Is this a time to talk about compromise ?
Let mo say, and I regret that I have to say it, that
there is but one way to compromise this matter,
and that is to crush the leaders of this rebellion
and put down treason. You have got to subdue
them; you have got to conquer them; and nothing
but the sacrifice of life and blood will do it. The
issue is made. The leaders of rebellion have de-
crcd eternal separation between you and them.
Those leaders must be conquered, and a new set
of men bi ought foiward who are to vitalize and
develop the Union feeling in the South. You must,
show your courage here as Senators, and impart it
to those who are m the field. If you were now to
compromise they would believe that they could
whip you one to five, and you could not live in
peace six months, or even three months. Settle
the question now; settle it well; settle it finally;
crush out the rebellion and punish the traitors. I
want to see peace, and I believe that is the short-
est way to gel it. Blood must be shed, life must
be sacrificed, and you may as well begin at first as
last. I only regret that the Government has been
so tardy in its operations. I wish the issue had
been met sooner. I believe that if we had seen as
much in the beginning as we see to-day, this
