1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
37tii Cong....2b Sess.
Slavery in the District—Mr. Blake.
Ho. of Reps.
tins Confederacy, have engaged in excitements and re&orted
to measures equally deserving the seveiest condemnation.
"Resolved, That while weiespect the rights of the slave-
holding;, as well as the free portions of tins Union, while
we will not wiHinsIy consent that wrong be done to any
member ot the glorious Confederacy to which we belong,
wc are firmly and unalterably opposed to the extension of
slavery over any portion of Amciican soil now fiee.
Resolved, That in our opinion Congress has the consti-
tutional power to abolish the slave trade and slavery in the
District of Columbia, and that our Senntois be instructed
and our Representative.-) requested to take all constitutional
measures to accomplish these measures."
These resolutions show conclusively that the
people of the State were thus early moving, in a
dignified and harmonious manner, in favor of this
important measure. This, in my judgment, is the
platform upon which a large majority of the peo-
ple ofNew Hampshire have ever stood, and so Ions;
as^ the Democracy professed to stand by these
principles, the people stood by the Democratic
party; but when the party deserted the principles,
the people deserted it, and the Granite State was
no longer the Gibraltar of Democracy.
And now, with these resolutions in favor of
freedom, lamenting the existence of slavery as a
great evil, and " fraught with danger to the peace
and welfare of the nation," declaring unalterable
opposition to the extension of slavery over free
territory, expressing the opinion that Congress
has the power to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia, and at the same time instructing their
Senators and requesting their Representatives to
use that power, frcsto in your minds, I desire to
call your attention to a resolution unanimously
passed by a Democratic State convention held in
the city of Concord, in November, 1855:
" Resolved, That while the shifting organizations of our
opponents have neither permanency ot name nor consist-
ency of doctiinc, it is at once the inentand thogloiyoi'the
Democratic paity that its gieat and guiding pmiciplcs aie
immutable, ite purposes fixed, and its name time-honored
and unchanging."
Inasmuch as the position of the Republican
party upon this subject is unquestioned, it will
be seen that, if the Democratic resolutions are to
be relied upon at all, the people of New Hamp-
shire are now, as they were in 1849, in favor of
freedom, and with perfect unanimity desire the
removal of this curse from the capi'nl of the Re-
public. The delegation in Congress have the
right therefore to expect the approbation of the
entire people of the State for their support of this
bill. The Republicans will approve, and the
recorded Democracy, with these resolutions star-
ing them in the face, dare not do otherwise. The
Democratic party of our State docs not stand
alone upon the record in favor of this abolition
movement; for the Democracy of Connecticutand
several other northern States were too wise to be
behind, and passed similar resolutions, and de-
clared that liberty was better than slavery. I
commend this record of the northern Democracy
to the carcful consideration of those members of
the party with " immutable principles" on the
other side of the House who have manifested so
much hostility to this great movement in behalf
of freedom; and let me suggest to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe] the propriety
of substituting these resolutions for oncc in place
of the resolutions of the extra session, and that
they be read for the benefit of those who sit around
him.
I return again to the higher aspect of this ques-
tion, grateful for the opportunity that is afforded
me of bearing an humble part in this great act of
mercy to the few suffering men, women, and chil-
dren, that yet remain within this Distiict in the
bonds of slavery. Would that the price which is
to be paid for their ransom could be given to them,
and thus added to the great boon of freedom. How
well they may use this boon, I do not stop to in-
quire. it is sufficient for me that they are to be
made free. Freedom must cure the evils incident
to its sudden bestowmcnt. Men cannot learn to
be freemen while they are slaves. As well nfight
you bind a child from his birth with cords, and
when arrived at the years of manhood, lefusc to
set his limbs free, because he knew not iiow to
use them. Let the cords be cut, though he bo
unable to move one step. Time will accustom
his limbs to perform their office and use will give
them strength.
The greatest of English essayists says:
"TJiere is only one cure for the evils which newly ac- I
quired freedom pioducesj and that cure is/recrforo.' When
a prisoner leaves his cell he cannot discriminate colors or
lecogmzc laces. But the remedy is not to remand lnm to
his dungeon, but to accustom him to the rays of the sun.
The blaze of truth and liberty may at first dazzle and be-
wilder nations which have become half blind in the house
of bondage. But let them gaze on, and they will soon be-
come able to bearit. Many politicians of our times aie m
the haWt of laying it down as a self-evident proposition,
that no people ought to be free till they are fit to use their
freedom. The maxim is worthy of the fool in the old story,
who resolved not to go into the water till lie learned to swim,
ll men are to wait for Hbei tv till they become wise and good
in slavery, they may indeed wait iorever.
Our own honor demands the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia. It is a world-wide
disgrace to the nation that its capital bears the
curse of involuntary servitude. It is our reproach
in every land upon the face of the earth. Jt is an
anomaly in the history of the world, a stupendous
fraud without a parallel. It is a huge blot upon
our otherwise fair escutcheon, which should be
removed with the least possible delay. We have
borne with the innumerable evils necessarily inci-
dent to the presence here of the peculiar institu-
tion full too long already, and its days must come
to an end. Who will mourn its departure? Who
will be sad when it is gone? No true lover of his
country. No one who places a higher estimate
upon the honor and welfare of his country than
upon the perpetuity of slavery.
SLAVERY IN TOE DISTRICT.
SPEECH OF HON. H. G. BLAKE,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
Jipril 11, 186-2,
On the bill foi the release of certain peisonsheld to service
or laboi in the Di-Huct of Columbia.
Mr. BLAKE said:
Mr. Chairman: The venerable and respected
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] con-
tends that this is a most inauspicious time for the
passage of a bill to abolish slavery in this District.
I cannot see the matter in that light. Why in-
auspicious? The power is conceded even bythe
gentleman, [Mr. Crittenden]. Is it because there
is danger of exasperating those now in arms against
their country that wc are called upon to reject this
act of justice to an enslaved people? Why, sir,
can the rebels of the slave States be more exas-
perated than they now are? They are doing,and
will do all in their power, to destroy the Govern-
ment, and 1, for one, do not expect to legislate to
please them; they have long since passed beyond
the pale of legislation. Nothing will do them any
good now but bullets, bayonets, and the loud-
mouthed cannon; and these I am in favor of giving
them to satiety. The loyal men of the South
should have the full protection of the Constitution;
but the rebels in arms against our Government
have no constitutional rights whatever, except the
right to be hung.
The propriety of abolishing slavery in this Dis-
trict has been a subject of discussion almost fi om
the origin of the Government to the present time.
In our earlier history,and by all our eai her states-
men, without distinction of party, the power of
Congress over the subject was fully conceded.
No one ever pretended to question the power, in
fact, until John C. Calhoun conceived the idea of
building up agreat sectional party on the basis of
slavery. His eotemporarics, John Gtuincy Ad-
ams, Henry Clay, and Martin Van Burcn, freely
admitted the absolute constitutional right of the
General Government in the premises, but were
averse fo its exercise, out of deference to the slave-
holding States, and especially to Virginia and
Maryland.
But, sir, theplain letter of the Constitution needs
no man's ingenuity to expound it. It in so many
words declares that " Congress shall have power
to exercise exclusive legislation in all eases what-
soever" over the ten miles square. The onlypos-
sible escapcfiom the inference that this language
confers the power to abolish slavery, is found in
the diabolical ethics of John C. Calhoun, who
maintained that the right to hold men in slavery,
and to buy and sell them,has the same foundation
in nature as that of property in the brute creation,
or in inanimate objects. The legitimate fruits of
this doctrine have been treason and rebellion, and
it is to be hoped that it will no longer find defend-
ers on this floor.
But it is urged that the same reasons of com-
ity which withheld John Gtuincy Adams, Henry
Clay, and Martin Van Burcn from the exercise
of this power of abolishing slavery in the District
of Columbia, should still operate upon us of the
present day. It is maintained that good faith to
Maryland, if not to Virginia, should still with-
hold the hand of Federal justice, and still bind in
the chains of a revolting slavery the black men
of this District. I will proceed to show that this
reason of good faith and comity to Maryland and
Vitginia never had any solid foundation, and that
it was in its best days nothing more than an apol-
°gy f°r the moral weakness of political parties
and their leaders. The argument rests upon the
assumption that the national capital was located
Jierc upon slaveholding soil very much against
the wishes of the southern people, and especially
those of Maryland and Virginia; that these States,
in a spirit of noble self-sacrifice, and greatly to
their disadvantage, consented to have the seat of
Government located upon their borders; and hence
the high obligation of the Genera! Government to
consult the peculiar tastes and interests of their
citizens while exercising its power of exclusive
legislation. How far this assumption is founded
in fact, will be shown by a brief rccital of the dis-
cussions upon the subject of locating the seat of
Government.
The permanent location of the national capital
was a subject of frcqucntand earnest debate in the
Continental Congress, and in the First Congress
under the present Constitution. The controversy
on this subject shows that the statesmen of that
day attached to it the greatest importance, and
those of the South, as has been the custom of
their successors ever since, upon all important
occasions, threatened to dissolve the Union unless
their demands were complied with. They did
not, as wo might infer from the arguments which
are urged against the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, oppose the location of the
seat of Government within their bordci s. If they
had done so, they might with some justice chnige
Congress with interfering in their affairs by the
passage of the bill before the House. But so far
from opposing, they urged and insisted, with their
usual pertinacity, that the capital should stand
on southern soil. Maiyland and Viigima each
made the requisite grant of dominion over the
ten miles square which the Constitution had pro-
vided for, and each made a liberal donation to the
General Government in money for the erection
of public buildings, as an inducement and condi-
tion of the Acceptance of the proposed cession of
territory. This anxiety about the location of the
Federal capital was natural. It was taken for
granted on all hands that wherever located, it was
to become the center of wealth, intelligence, and
power; and each section was naturally desirous
of having such a source of prosperity and foun-
tain of light upon its soil. The Constitution had
already provided that the ten miles square, where
ever located, should be under the exclusive control
of Congress. It had already announced that that
body should have the exclusive power of legisla-
tion, and that whatever State or States should
make the cession must surrender forever the right
to control the ceded territory, with all claims, legal
or moral, to impose new or to continue in force
former laws and institutions. Yet, in full view
of this explicit requirement of the Constitution,
Virginia and Maryland made unconditional ces-
sions of territory, and offered large bonuses—
amounting to near two hundred thousand dollars—*
to the Federal Government to induce its accept-
ance.
I might consume much time if I were to cite all
the recorded speeches of the southern statesmen
of that day, in which they urged, with their ac-
customed emphasis, the propriety of locating the
capital as far south as the Potomac. A passage
or two from the histoiy of the times will set the
matter in a clcar light. Ilildrcth, in his History
of the United States says, in reference to the action
of the First Congress on this subject, at their first
session, that—
"The New England member, doubtful of the result,
proposedapostponemcntto the next ^ssion; but tliclVim-
sylvamans and Virginians, tearing lest the claim ot New
