1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
rebellion would have been wound up and peace
restored to the land by this time.
But let us goon; let us encourage the Army and
the Navy, let us vote the men and the means ne-
cessary to vitalize and to bring into requisition
the enforcing and coercive power of the Govern-
ment; let us crush out the rebellion, and anxiously
look forward to the day—God grant it maycome
soon—when that balefulcometoffireandofblood
that now hovers over this distracted people may
be chased awny by the benignant star of peace.
Let us look forward to the time when we can take
the flag, the glorious dag of our country, and nail
it below thccross, and thereletitwave asit waved
in the olden time, and let us gather around it, and
inscribe as our motto, " Liberty and Union, one
and inseparable, now and forever." Let us gather
around it, and while it hangs floating beneath the
cioss, let us exclaim, " Christ first, our country
next." Oh, how gladly rejoiccd I should be to
see the dove returning to the ark with the fig leaf,
indicating that land was found, and that the mighty
waters had abated. I trust the time will soon come
when we can do as they did in the olden times, when
the stars sangtogether in the morning and all crea-
tion proclaimed the glory of God. Then let us do
our duty in the Senate and in the councils of the
nation, and thereby stimulate our brave officers and
soldiers to do theirs in the field.
Mr. President, I have occupied the attention of
the Senate much longer than I intended. In view
of the whole case, without personal unkind feel-
ing.towards the Senator from Indiana, 1 am of
opfnion that duty to myself, duty to my family,
duty to the Constitution, duty to the country,
obedience to the public judgment, require me to
cast my vote to expel Mr. Bright from the Sen-
ate, and when the occasion arrives I shall so record
my vote.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, as a member of
the Judiciary Committee, to whom this resolution
was refeired, I concurred in the result at which
they ai rived. That result was, that this resolution
ought not to pass. In that action I was influenced,
I may say controlled, by the course adopted by
the Senate in the month of March last, when they
had under consideration the case of Mr. Davis in
the resolution then adopted, and the case of Mr.
Wigfall. In the case ofMr. Davis and those named
with him m the resolution, action in the Senate was
had on the 14th of March; in the case of Mr. Wigfall
the action was had on the 12th of March. In the
case of Mr. Davis, he and those named with him
in the resolution, Messrs. Mallory, Brown, Clay,
Toombs,and Benjamin, were absent from the Son-
ate, and the resolution declared their seats to be
vacated by their absence, and therefore directed
the Clerk to omit calling their names on the roll
of the Senate.
It is true that this action did not, except by im-
plication, indicate that the judgment of the Senate
was that those members should not be expelled.
Beins; already absent, thoie was no occasion to
expel them in order to be rid of their presence, and
as has been suggested, the resolution therefore
simply asserted the fact, and directed the Clerk,
as a consequence of that fact, to omit their names
in the roll of the Senate. Still, siV, by implication,
I think it was then apparently the judgment of the
Senate that those members ought not to be ex-
pelled. At all events, in the case of Mr. Wigfall
the action of the Senate was quite unequivocal.
The resolution for his expulsion was ougmally
introduced on the 8th of Maich; it received the
final action of the Senate on the 12th, and that ac-
tion was, to refer the icsolution to the Committee
on the Judiciary. It was understood, I believe
very generally in the Senate, that the object of the
reference was to get rid ot the resolution without
voting directly upon it, the Senate not being pre-
pared to pass it. Mr. Wigfall was then here, tak-
ing part in our action both m open and secret
session, daily flaunting his treason in our faces,
openly, defiantly, insultingly. I find his name re-
corded in the list of yeas and nays on the23d, and !
we adjourned on the 28th, of March. _ j
The letter which is the evidence ot the disloyalty ;
of the Senator from Indiana was written on tue <
l&t of March, and this action of the Senate was, |
as I have .stated, on the 12th and the 14ih ot the !
same month. In the committee I considered these,
proceedings m the light of a precedent, and I kit
that a decent respect for the opinion of the Senate,
expressed under such circumstances, should lead
me to the result to which I came in the committee.
I could scarcely suppose that the Senate would ex-
pel the Senator from Indiana for writing a letter
to Mr. Davis on the 1st of March, and be unpre-
pared to expel Mr. Davis and Mr. Wigfall on the
12th and 14th.
The resolution comes back from the committee
to the Senate, accompanied by the report, and it
is apparent that the Senate do not regard the action
had in the cases to which I have referred as pre-
cedents to control or influence their action in this
case. They either regard tiiat action as furnish-
ing no precedent, or have resolved to overrule it
and decide against it.
Now, sir, the action of the Senate in the case of
Mr. Davis and those named with lum in the reso-
lution of the 14th of March, and in the case of Mr.
Wigfall, on the 12th of March, are not precedents,
if precedents at all, which I aided in making. I
was in no sense a party to them except as a mem-
ber of the Senate, opposed to them. I introduced
the resolution to expel Mr. Wigfall. I thought
then and think still—certainly nothing has since
occurred to change, much to confirm my opinion—
that the action of the Senate at that time was im-
politic, and wrong, unjust to ourselves and the
country—not such as the occasion demanded.
Wc ought at that time promptly to have ex-
pelled all the members without hesitation; but
the Senate thought otherwise, not a man, save
myself, breathed a word even against Mr. Wig-
fall; and I, of course, yielded to their better judg-
ment.
Under these circumstances, I certainly feel at
liberty to adopt the policy which in March I
deemed to be the only fit and proper policy for
the Senate to pursue, and to act now as I would
have acted then. I am prepared on all questions
involving the loyalty of our members, not, I hora,
to act illiberally or unjustly, but to act decidedly
and firmly, I hope courageously, if there is any
question of courage involved. I confess that in
light of the whole transaction, considcnng these
precedents of the Senate to which I have nlluded
as being either not applicable, (which I did con-
sider them in committee,) or if applicable, as over-
ruled by the sense of the Senate, I feel prepared to
vote, and shall vote for the passage of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Piesident, I have but
very few words to submit upon this resolution.
I do not desire to enter at length into this debate,
which has already assumed a very broad and wide
field. Much has been assumed as fact that I think
is not entitled to that weight, as if sustained by
positive evidence against the Senator. I have voted
invariably for the expulsion of all the Senators
from the seceded States who have committed an
overt act of treason. I have endeavored to place
myself right upon the record,and have stated that
in voting for the expulsion of those gentlemen, I
so acted because they had placed themselves in
opposition to the authority of the Government.
In this particular case I intend to rest my own
\*ote upon the action of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, as well as on one or two facts that are
connected with the charges made against the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
I will premise my remarks, before going further
into the subject, by saying that I have always be-
longed to the old Whig party, and I still adhere
to the principles of that paity. I am here almost
without any affiliation in political sentiment, ex-
cept with the distinguished Senator fiom Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis.] I was a member of the
national executive Union committee that advo-
cated the election of Hon. John Bell. I joined
at that time with the venerable member of the
other House,late a Senator upon this floor, [Mr.
Crittexdek,] in the advocacy of the principles
and nominees of that particular party. 1 stood
with the distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] giving my humble support to the
election of Bell and Everett, I allude to that fact
simply because my woithy and distinguished
friend, with whom I have pohlieally acted and
with whose Union sentiments 1 fully and entirely
concur, has, I think, assumed a principle m his
action on this <vse that is not warranted altogether
by the truth of history. What I say to that Sen-
ator, I say m the most peifect spirit of Kindness
and fiankness. I have no other feeling than that
of admiration and icspect for his character and
lor lus k-u1; si i vices. I am not aware that, ex-
cept upon this particular occasion, I have ever had
cause to differ from him in his political views or
dogmas.
Myhonorableand distinguished friend hasmade
certainly a very able and a very elaborate speech,
covering very broad ground, both of duty to the
Government and of rebuke to gentlemen occupy-
ing seats upon this floor, foreign entirely, in my
judgment, to the question of the seat of the Sen-
ator from Indiana. My distinguished friend has
assumed a fact that I do not think a subsequent
statement that I shall make warrants him in en-
forcing upon the attention of the Senate, to the
injury and detriment of the Senator from Indiana.
He has argued for two or three whole columns
upon the assumption that, because the honorable
Senator from Indiana had been the political asso-
ciate and the friend of some of the leading con-
spirators, as he has called them, who went from
this Chamber, and are now inarms against the
authority of the Government, he musthave known
the fact that they contemplated their treason, and
that theyandtheirparty nominated John C. Breck-
inridge, in the the last presidential contest, for the
avowed purpose of electing Lincoln, and thereby
giving them the pretext to go out of the Union,
and that he sanctioned that act.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him whether he was not advised of that?
I cannot but suppose that he was.
Mr. KENNEDY. Advised of what?
'Mr. McDOUGALL. That Breckinridge was
nominated for the purpose of electing Lincoln.
Mr. KENNEDY. The Senator will pardon
me. I will come to that. It is that part of my
distinguished friend's speech that I particularly
except to.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Mary-
land just permit me to say a word?
Mr. KENNEDY. Certainly, sir, with the
greatest pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS. I argued to prove, as the Sena-
tor states, that the purpose of the southern con-
spirators in nominating Breckinridge was to pro-
duce the defeat of Douglas and the election of
Lincoln 
Mr. KENNEDY. I will not misrepresent the
Senator; 1 will come to that.
Mr. DAYIS. But you will sec my point in a
moment. I said that this was done with the pur-
pose of giving them a pretext to attempt to dis-
solve the Union.
Mr. KENNEDY. So I understood, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I argued to prove that from the
relations which the Senator from Indiana himself
said he had so long maintained with those south-
ern conspirators, he must have known of their
purpose in his conferences with them; but I do not
recollect that 1 took the position that he sanctioned
that purpose. I may have done so, but I do not
recollect that m the speech I made I said that ho
gave his sanction to jt. I merely endeavored to
establish by a train of reasoning, if reasoning it
may be called, that he was conscious of their pur-
pose. *
Mr. KENNEDY. I have not mistaken the hon-
orable Senator. I recollect perfectly the impres-
sion made on my mind by his remarks, and tha*
was that the honorable Senator from Indiana, be-
ing in close affiliation and intimate association with
those gentlemen, he must have known their pur-
pose long entertained to overthrow the Govern-
ment. As to that, I do not know; I speak to tho
facts simply. The Senator quoted an expression
of the Senator from Indiana, that lie was opposed
to the policy of coercion. He argued that the Sen-
ator, knowing that these men meant and intended
to overthrow the Government,did nothing what-
ever to oppose it, and that he advocated the nom-
ination ofMr. Breckinridge (t efei ring particulaily
to the vote of Indiana to piove that position) for
the simple put pose of electing Mr. Lincoln and
affording; a pretext for these gentlemen to go out
of the Union, and upon that ground that he ought
to be expelled, he having voted for Brcclunridge
with that knowledge.
Now, sir, I think, m nil courtesy and kindness,
it is a very unfair assumption that, because the
Senator voted tor Mr. Breckinridge, and had been
the friend of those gentlemen, he was guilty at
least of complicit)7 with treason. I voted with
the Senator from Kentucky for John Bell. I ad-
vocated his election; and where does he now stand ?
In opr-n affiliation with rebels, and calls himself
