590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
one. Shall we be tried for treason, and expelled
from this floor, because we did affiliate with and
advocate Mr. Bell's views?
That brings me to another point: I was one of
those who, through all the long struggles of last
winter up to the very morningofthe 4 th of March,
advocated the measures and policy of compromise
urged by the venerable and distinguished prede-
cessor of the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
I stood by him; 1 counseled with him; I worked
with him t.o endeavor to effect some measure of
coneiliationj and some compromise which would
render the policy of coercion unnecessary. What
success we met with the political history of this
country has already recorded. We met with
none. I recollect being rebuked by gentlemen
on the other side of the Chamber for what was
charged upon me as an intemperance of manner
when I called for the yeas and nays upon a test
vote to know whether our friends upon that side
of the Chamber were willing to adopt some meas-
ures of compromise, and thus aveit war. 1 stood
with the gallant Senator now deceased—the illus-
trious Senator who, from that place, (pointing to
the seat formerly occupied by Mr. Douglas,) pro-
claimed the doctrine of coercion as meaning dis-
union—as forever preventing a reconciliation be-
tween the extiemes of this country. May I be
allowed to refresh the memory of the Senate with
one short passage from the speech of that distin-
guished Senator?
Mr. Douglas, in his speech of January 3,1861,
said:
(i  #re we prepared for war ? I tie riot moan that kind of
preparation. which consists of armies and navies, and sup-
plies, and munitions ot' war; but are we piepaied im our
hearts for war with our own bietluenand kind km! ? i con-
fer I am not. While I allinu that the UoiMitution Is, and
wat* intended to be, a bond ol pei pel rial Union : while J can
do no act and uttiu no woid that will acknowledge or coun-
tenance tilt: light ol' set'OssHm"—
and I s>tooil with him upon that particular view
that he had taken of the odious doctrine of seces-
sion—
u while J aflirm the rijrht and duly of llie Federal Govern-
ment to u«o all legitimate means to euloioe die laws, put
down rebellion, and suppress liiMiiieetion,I will not medi-
tate war, nor tolcmte the Idea, mud pvciy ofloit .it peace
fui adjustment shall have been c \hnustod, and the la^t lay
of hope shall have deserted the patriot's heait. Then, and
not till then, will 1 consulci and determine what eour-e my
duty to my country nun require me to pursue, in sueh an
emergency. In my opinion, war is disunion, certain, in-
evitable, irrevocable. I am tor peace to save the Union."
For the reason thus expressed I stood with the
hue distinguished Senator from Kentucky, now
occupying a seat in the other House. 1 was
against coercion, and I advocated measures of
conciliation in order "to preserve the Union invio-
late, and to prevent the sowing of the dragon's
teeth that are .springing up rank and luxuriant over
this land in everlasting hatred, one section against
the other.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the -Senator front
Maryland allow me to ask him when were the
dm^on's teeth sown ?
Mr. KENNEDY". 1 aril very free to answer.
Thi;?was the meie culminating point, and I was
anxious to prevent an outbreak. 1 was pursuing
the same course that was advocated by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Oregon, now no more,
(Mr. Baker,) whose eulogy lias been pronounced
on this lloor bv eloquent and warm and devoted
fi tends. That Senator stood hero asking for com-
promise, for concession, upon the iid and 3d of
March, and tiying to brim; his fuemis on the other
side of the Chamber to the same view.
I have merely alluded to the opposition to the
principle of coercion, which lies been charged as
one of the otlenscs of the Senator fiom Indiana,
simply to show that he was not alone in entei-
taining that sentiment. The propositions of the
late venerable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Cuit-
TfiNDES,] were for peace, were against coercion,
as long as theie was a hope of conciliation and
compiomise, tor the very purpose of staving otf
the first blow which I feared would end in the eii-
Uie rum of tdl the great material interests of the
count! y, if not of the country itself. Whether we
are ever to got back to the position wo held one
year ago, is known only to Omniscience. 3 n my
humble judgment every blow that is now stiuck
only tends to increase still more that deadly ani-
mosity that must exist through long lingering
ages; but in making that remark, let me not be
misunderstood. I say that now the day of compro-
mise is post and gone, «md we ha\e come to ivalize
the hot rid realities of civil strife, and nothing can
end it but sharp, rapid, and vigorous blows, as a
test of manhood between the sections.
I know that the Senator from Indiana advocates
the doctrine of compromise simply as a means of
preserving peace. I know that that Senator felt
most anxiously about the result of those measures
of compromise which were offered last winter.
While he did not stand here on terms of personal
intimacy or intimate association with the late dis-
tinguished Senator from Illinois, I had an oppor-
tunity of knowing that he sympathized with the
very sentiments that were so gallantly and so elo-
quently expressed by that Senator. I know that
when ho said he would not vote one dollar or one
man for the prosecution of this war—at least I so
understood him upon every occasion—he meant
that to apply only so long as there was one ray
of hope for conciliation or for compromise.
Now, Mr. President, I will relate a fact within
my knowledge as evidence that that Senator did
entertain an earnest desire to preserve this Union.
I think it is just to him that 1 should state it. I
think it is due to candor and to truth that he should
have the benrfitofan incidentthatcame undermy
own observation, which goes far to prove that he
had no purpose whatever of seeing this Govern-
ment broken up, and no desire whatever to unite
in the treasonable purposes of some southern Sen-
ators in their course on this floor.
It was but a very short time before these seats
were vacated that in yonder cloak-room was a
party of Senators, including Mr. Mason, Mr.
Davis, and Mr. Benjamin, who were the three
prominent speakers on the occasion I allude to. I
came into the room, and 1 found them engaged in
a warm discussion. Mr. Bright was earnestly
remonstrating against their course, denying the
rjght of secession,opposing itas neither a. consti-
tutional remedy nor a policy of expediency; ap-
pealing to those gentlemen by every consideration
of justice and right to remain here in their seats
and light foi a redress of grievances intheUmon.
I to told them that justice to him and his friends
in the North, who had stood by them mendeav-
oimg to obtain the enforcement of their rights
against what they believed to be the aggressive
policy of the North, required them to remain in
theUnion. Ilts appeal was earnest, urgent, and
warm against the wrong that they were about to
inflict upon the count) y, as well as upon the mem-
bers of the Democratic party of the free States.
A.t that juncture I joined in the conversation. I
presented the case of my own State. I spoke of
the injustice and wrong they were doing to the
border slave States. I predicted the very conse-
quences that would result from their rash act.
That gentleman [Mr. Bright] received but little
consideration. I well recollect the earnestness
with which he denied their right to secedcas a con-
stitutional lemedy.
Now, sir, if he had entertained a treasonable
intent, if ho had had a treasonable purpose in giv-
ing aid and comfoit to those gentlemen on the 1st
of March, how do you reconcile that earnest pri-
vate convocation that I happened to overhear,
and that gave me an oppoitunity of speaking for
my own State and in defense of my own senti-
ments and viows ? I mention this simply as an
act of justice to that Senator.
Much has been assumed against bun; much
has been charged. It has been asked upon t he other
side, what has the Senator ever done to vindicate
himself fiom this charge of treason? The honor-
able Senatoi, to my certain knowledge, was a
warm ad\oeate and supporter of all the measures
of compromise, which, I have no doubt, would
ha\e been supported by my distinguished fiiend
fiom Kentucky had he been here. Jndeecl, he
said the other day that he would have been glad
to see them earned out; and, as I have aheady
said, when it was charged that the Senator from
Indiana had declared he would not vote one dollar
of money or one man for coercion, I, from the
opportunities I had had to understand his senti-
ments, undeistood such a remaik, if made at all,
as meaning so long as there was a hope of concil-
iation and of nveiiing war.
Mr. BlllGKT. 1 nevei made that remaik".
Mi. KENNEDY. The Senator says he never
made that remaik. It is true the Senator did not
speak in the Senate upon these questions. 1 am
not tesponsiblo for his silence; I do not know
any reason for it; I only know that his votes
were with me and with the venerable Senator from
Kentucky, who was the advocate of these prop-
ositions. He was earnest in his desire to obtain
some measure of conciliation, which he regarded
as essential for the preservation of the peace of
this country and the final reconstruction and res-
toration of the Union. Sir, in that belief and opin-
ion he was not singular, certainly. The numerous
memorials that were presented from the free States,
embracing hundreds of thousands of names, at-
tested the feeling of the northern people against
the principle of coercion until every measure of
conciliation had been exhausted. That, sir, I
understood to be the position of the Senator from
Indiana here; it certainly was mine.
At the last session of Congress—the July ses-
sion—when war was flagrant and open, when we
were called to consider measures for war, I took
early occasion to proclaim the course that I should
adopt; and that was to sustain this Government in
eveiy just and constitutional measure that was
deemed necessary and right and requisite to carry
on the war. As a member of two or three of the
most important committees of this body, I will
ask my friends upon the other side of the Cham-
ber, members of those committees, whether I have
not upon every occasion, in every instance, sup-
ported every just and proper measure that has
been brought before us for our consideration, es-
pecially as a member of the Naval Committee. I
could not give my sanction to the resolution that
was offered by the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee last July, to make valid all the acts of the
President. I stated my reasons, and I mad#the
exceptions. I said that I could not vote to legalize
what £ regarded an unconstitutional act on the
part of the President, m increasing the standing
Army in the recess of Congress; and I did not
agree that the President had the power to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus.
In that I was not singular. I believe my dis-
tinguished friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] rose
in his place, and proclaimed that he did rjot be-
lieve the President had that power. The distin-
guished Senator from Illinois, the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Trumbull,] rose in
his place, and stated that he never saw the day or
hour that he would vote for that joint resolution
as it stood. I was misrepresented for my remarks
upon that occasion. I expressly proclaimed and
declared that, now that all measures of concilia-
tion had passed, I was ready to maintain and
support the Government in every constitutional
measure deemed necessary and proper for the
suppression of the rebellion. I occupy that posi-
tion to-day; and I challenge gentlemen on the
other side of the House, and everywhere else, to
say whether I have ever interposed any opposi-
tion to any measure that was constitutional and
proper since July last. Gentlemen can answer.
1 have cooperated with the very warmest advo-
cates of force and power in every measure that
was deemed necessary to bring this war to a
speedy and victorious result. I stand there now,
and 1 honestly believe before Heaven that the
Senator from Indiana, up to this moment, for all
I have ever seen to the contrary, occupies pre-
cisely the same position with myself. He occu-
pied the same giound as the honorable Senator
froniPcnnsylvania (Mr. Bigler)atthe last session
of the last Congress; he voted for and advocated
every proposition that that Senator brought for-
ward. I say this much injustice to the honor-
able Senator from Indiana.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Maryland will allow me, I desiie to move
to go into executive session.
Mr. KENNEDY. I shall be through in five
minutes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I thought the Senator de-
sired to speak at some length.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr.'President, I said in the
beginning that 1 intended to rest my vote upon the
decision of the Judiciary Committee. No Sena-
tor has stated the case of the Senator from Indiana
with more fairness than the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] who made the
report, as I understand, on the subject. That
committee, composed of seven learned gentlemen,
stand six to one against the expulsion of the Sen-
ator from Indiana. As lawycis and as judges,
they have investigated the evidence in this case,
and they have come to the conclusion that it is trea-
son or it is nothing. To make it treason, there
