18162.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
must have been war upon the 1st day of March
last. Do not Senators recollect distinctly the in-
augural address, which was uttered in tones of
kindness and conciliation, with the express de6la-
ration from the lips of the Presidentthathemeaiu
conciliation, and there would be no war upon his
part? He considered the Union as intact. He
did admit that there was an insurrection, a rebel-
lion, in theiand; but he trusted to wise counsels
and temperate measures to bring; back those err-
ing States to their proper obedience to the Con-
stitution. The then distinguished Senator from
Illinois, the late lamented Judge Douglas, on the
6lh of March, proclaimed that the President's in-
augural address meant peace, and that war did not
exist. After it had been announced that Sumter
would be evacuated, the general impression on all
sides of this Senate Chamber was that our diffi-
culties would be compromised and reconciled
without war. There was in certain States of the
Union an insurrection, hut no blow had been
struck. It was, to a certain extent, an actof war
upon their part, but it was not flagrant, open war
as we have to-day.
Mr. President, in my humble judgment, the
whole question turns upon that one tact, as the
distinguished Senator from New Yofk [Mr. Har-
ris] has said; and in this connection 1 will take
the liberty of reading one or two paragraphs from
his speech, very convincing and conclusive to my'
mind—so conclusive that it has not left one doubt
remaining as to the proper course that I should
pursue:
lt mit, sir, with the judement of chanty, I am unable to
bring my mind to any .such conclusion.1'
That is, of the treasonable intent of the Senator
from Indiana.
" I believe that at the tunc this* letter was vvnttcnno such
thought enteied the mind of the Senator who uiotc it. 1
believe th.it it was one of those hasty, ordmaiy letters of
intioduction winch wc all of leel a bunion to us here,
which we arc called upon daily and iiouily to wnte, and
that he simply intended to introduce the man, and s-iate m
a word the object of his vi^it. j n. the hsht o! all the eir-
oum-tanecs, looking at the time when the letter was wnt-
ten. I cannot bi ing in\ aclf to the conclusion that theie wa->
in the mind of the wutor of that l.-tter nt that time any
neasonable purpose. I think the letter and the sunoutiding
en omittances lepel that man-eiice.
" Sir, suppose that Sumtei had never fallen; ruppo?e that
this teirible war had not bioken out; suppose that we were
unable to look at this letter in the light of bubscquent events,
would any man imagine that there was ticason in the letter?
it •Joems to mo 11 nt. Is it fan, i<s it jiNt, is it a propet mode
of administeung criminal law to judge of an act, to mter-
piet an act, to give leaal eitoct to ail act by what subse-
quently occuis, and with winch the party charged with the
aot ha(i no connection ? It seems to me that if tins Senate
felrill vote to expel the Senator lrom Indiana, without com-
lnji to the conclusion that Liieie was <i tiea^onable desiyn in
wuunq that letter, it would be guillv of an act n{ the
Cst injustice, imworthv of the Senate towaid.s the Senator
hom Indiana, and ot injustice to itseil.'1
Now, sir, up to the time that Sum tor fell, scarcely
a Senator on this floor believed that civil war would
iulu and iage ovui this land. I recollect that when
in conversation with distinguished Senators on
that side of the Chambei, I pressed the consider-
ation of some measure of conciliation, the univer-
sal response was there would be no war; it was
only necessary that the Constitution should be
enforced. I expressed at that time my great ap-
prehension thuta blow would be struck, and when
once struck, to my mind, it would end almost all
hope forever of reconstructing the Government
upon the same fi iendly, kindly feelings of county
and friendship, so essential to the workings of a
Government formed as ours is.
Sir, I do nut desire to detain the Senate any
longer. I have said this much in justice to the I
Senator from Indinna. I have deemed it due to '[
linn that I should give to the Senate the views that |:
he expressed in puvate to the very leadeis of this j
rebellion itself; his earnest remonstrances against ||
the course that ihey were pursuing, which,in his jj
judgment, would end in one universal scene of'!
desolation and ruin. Why, sir, what object, w hat :
motne could that Senator have in advocating a .
dissolution of tins Union? How was he to be j
benefited by it? Presiding in a free State, pet haps
with all the associations of his life connected with
the institutions of the free States, with his pi op- ■'
(•i ty and his means all there, would lie be willing
to advocate a dissolution of this Uniun, or to see
it permanently divided, when his very material :
interests, as well as his political standing, were to i
be affected by it? Sir, to my mind it is prepos- .
terous to suppose, wiih the light of all these facts i
before us, that that Senator, when he wiote the ;
letter for Thomas B. Lincoln meant in any man-
ner whatever to compromise with treason in the
slightest degree.
Mr. BROWNING obtained the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If theSenatorfrom Illinois
will allow me, I desire to move to go into execu-
tive session*, and I can state in a single moment
the object. It is simply to change the special order
which was made in executive session for Monday
over until Tuesday, so that we can have Monday
in which to dispose of this case; and I beg to say
and have it understood on all sides of the Chamber,
that I believe there is a general expectation that on
Monday the subject will be finally disposed of.
Mr. HALE. 1 am opposed to that motion
utterly and totally. There is no better time than
the present to sit here and dispose of this subject;
and if wc go into executive session I am opposed
to the order which the Senator proposes to make.
If speeches are to be made on this subject now is
the best time on earth to make them. I think we
had better reconsider the vote agreeing to adjourn
over until Monday, and sit here and dispose of
this business. I am opposed to going into execu-
tive session, and I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
withdrawn; and there is no question before the
Senate save the one on which the Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator from Illinois
to yield me a moment, in order to allow me to
make an explanation.
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the feelings of
kindness and respcct which the honorable Sena-
tor fiom Maryland expressed towards myself, I
assure him, are most heartily reciprocated. The
Senator, however, made one point on winch I de-
sire to make an explanation. He thinks that my
vote for Mr. Bell as candidate for the Presidency
is aboutparallel with the vote and support of the
Senator from Indiana of Mr. Breckinridge. I do
not think so; and I will state in a word why I differ
from the conclusion which the honorable Senator
fiom Maryland came to on that point.
Mr. Bell was nominated by the unanimous vote
of a convention. His party presented him with-
out any dissent to the people of the United States
as a suitable candidate for the President y. Mr.
Breckinridge was presented by but a small faction
of his party. The point that I endeavored toestab-
hsh by icasoning and conclusion from the facts
adverted to by the Senator fiom Maryland was
this: that Mr. Bieckmridge was nominated as a
candidate by the men who had conspired to dis-
rupt this Union; that the personal relations that
subsisted between the Senator from Indiana and
those conspirators were of such a character as that
I leasonably inferred made him acquainted with
the purposes of those conspirators in relation to
secession. Having come to that conclusion on
the facts upon whieh 1 then relied, I argued that,
in my judgment, the Senator was wrong m sus-
taining the pretensions of Mr. Breckinridge as a
candidate for the Presidency, because he must
have known of the treasonable purposes of the
southern politicians who presented Mr. Breckm-
lidge as a candidate for the Presidency. It was
all a rnattei of reasoning and of mfeience.
But, Mr. President, one further remark. Mr.
Breckinridge was elected to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States by the Legislature of Kentucky last win-
ter n year ago. He left, ins seat m the Senate
tempoianly and made his appearance before the
Legislature of that State to give his thanks to that
body for having elevated him to that high posi-
tion. In the course of ins speech he portrayed a
conspiracy to dissolve the Union, and he declared
explicitly and unequivocally that live of the States
of the United States would ccitninly secede. He
did it with as much distinctness and truth as it
could now be done. That speech was published
immediately after it was pronounced in the legis-
lative hall at Frankfort, Kentucky, and was cir-
culated extensively over the country. Mr. Breck-
inridge himself knew of this conspiracy. He did
not condemn it. After he had published tins
know lodge of the conspiracy and wiiat would take
place by the action of at least five of the cotton
States, he was nominated An the Pi esidency and
was supported by the Senator from Indiana. The
gioiind of my complaint was thm: that with this
knowledge, the knowledge, which I argued was
reasonably established by the facts of the case, the
Senator from Indiana had of the purposes of these
southern conspirators, after Mr. Breckinridge him-
self had disclosed his perfect knowledge of their
purposes by having revealed them in general but
distinct terms to the Legislature of Kentucky, the
Senator from Indiana and his friends and political
associates in that State should have then brought
out a ticket in favor of Mr. Breckinridge as a can-
didate. ^ That was the ground of my complaint,
and I think that complaint was justly made. I al-
juded furthermore to the fact that after Mr. Breck-
inridge had disclosed to the people of the country
through the Legislature of Kentucky the dark and
bold conspiracy of those men, and after he had
stated in the most distinct terms that five of the
cotton States would secede, and thus revealed his
full knowledge of their treasonable purposes, he
should himself have accepted with this full knowl-
edge a nomination for the Presidency of these very
men whose conspiracy he had revealed to the
people of his State and of the nation.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, the debate has
taken so wide a range 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am aware of that. I shall
not inflict a speech on the Senate; but if the Sen-
ator from Illinois will allow me, I desire to make
a remark.
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly.
Mr. BRIGHT. This debate has taken a direc-
tion novel and unprecedented in the history of the :
proceedings of this body. Charged by the orig-
inal resolution with a single act of disloyalty, one
Senator after another adds additional accusations,
until I am at a loss to know what i have to de-
fend against. If I do undertake a reply, it will
haidly be expected that I shall go over the whole
ground; but 1 do propose, bcfoie a vote is taken,
to review a few of the positions taken by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,] and the
still more extraordinary speech made to-day by
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.] I
am induced to make this announcement because
there are three Senators presentnow that were not
for some day^after this discussion commenced.
I allude to the honorable Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Willky,] absent on account of indisposi-
tion,and to the honorable Senators fiom Missouri,
lately sworn in as members of the body. Pre-
suming that they, with other Senators, wish to
decide this case upon the facts, and not upon
party grounds, I shall, at some time before the
debate closes, submit a brief statement of the
facts, stripped of the multiplied, unfair collateral
issues that have been dragged into it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. BRIGHT. I repeat I am not going to make
a spccch. One single suggestion more and I am
done.
I am on trial for my political opinions—nothing
else, as this discussion proves. My record is re-
fen cd to as evidence of want of loyalty and Sym-
pathy with this Administration. My antecedents,
it is charged, prove me in favor of secession and
against this war. Now, sir, these are points to
be settled by written history, and not by the
speeches of such Senators as assail me in this pros-
ecution.
I intend to assert that in seventeen years' ser-
vice m this body 1 have never given a sectional
vote; that in all the contests had here m that time,
and they have been many, I have occupied a
middle, conservative position, repudiating as well
northern as southern isms; that within the time 1
have mentioned there has been Territory after
Territory organized, and State after State admit-
ted, on all of which there has been more or less of
sectional stt uggles.
When mere resolutions, declaratory of princi-
ples, and enunciating the nghts of either or both
sections of tin* Union, have been acted upon, my
votes and speeches will show that I have tried to
hold the scales of justice with an even hand, and
m a spirit of compromise. I repeat, then, as I am
to be expelled for past acts and political opinions,
if expelled at all, take our Journals and debates as
the best evidence of my opinions and acts, and as
furnishing the outlines of a political policy that has
governed me in the past, and will likely govern
me in the future, let me be whei*c I may.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Itis evidently impossible
