1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GW>BE.
2573-.
modify the amendment now pending, by striking
out five dollars a day as the compensation of the
assessor, and inserting four dollars. Probably
that will bo a little less than as the bill stands now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would remind the Sena-
tor fiom Now York that the district assessor gets
pay ft>r all the lists made outby the subordinate
assessors.
Mr. HARRIS. New lists have to be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are simply copies.
Mr. HARRIS. No; they are a great deal more
than copies. They will have to be recastentirely.
The assessor sends his assistant through the va-
rious districts. They collect the names of the
assessable persons. They set down the amounts
at which they are to be assessed, and return these
lists to the assessor. The assessor reviews them;
he hears objections; he tries cases to ascertain
whether they are correct or not; and then fiom
these he collates and compiles a now assessment-
loll, which he hands over to the collector, so that
there is an entire new list to be made by the as-
sessor, which he compiles from the returns of his
assistants. Therefore the whole work has to be
gone over again. It is perfectly evident that the
returns made by the assistant assessors will be
of no avail in making out the list for the collector,
unless they furnish the material oat of which it
is to be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks leave to modify his amendment
by inserting four dollars a day, instead of five dol-
lars a day, as the compensation of the assessor.
That modification will be made if there be no ob-
jection. The question is on the amendment, as
modified. Upon this question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Antliony, Biowmng, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little, Fc >euden. flaui*, Ilowaul, King, .Moriill, Simmons,
Suinner, and Wilson of Mas«s'ichuselt>—13.
YEAS—Messr* Cathie, Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ilailan, Howe, Kennedy, Lane or'
Indiana, IVesinith. Pomeioy, Powell, Sheiman,Stark, Ten
Eyek, Tiuinbull, Wade, Wiikmson, YViiley, Wilinot, and
Wright—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I move now to amend the same
section by inserting at the end of it the third
clause of the section just voted upon in relation to
the compensation m large districts, in these words:
In eases whcio a collection district embrace* more than
one congressional district, the Secretary ot the Tieasury
may allow the assessor sueii compensation as he may deem
necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. 1 move to amend the bill on page
49, by striking out of the forty-fifth section the
word^'4 herein mentioned,"and inserting "pre-
scribed by the laws of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill upon
page i>9j by inserting the word "alcohol" at the
end of the three hundred and thirty-first line of
section seventy-one.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is an important
amendment. I should like to know why alcohol
should be excepted?
0 Mr. HOWE. 1 make the motion after consul-
tation with the chairman of the committee, though
1 believe not with every member of the commit-
tee. It is thought thatalcohol, having been made
from an article which pays a duty of twenty cents
a gallon, amounting to forty cents upon what
constitutes a gallon of alcohol, ought to be ex-
empt from any further duty, for a large portion
of it is exported, and that which is used at home
is used, the great body of it, in manufacturing
andformedicmal purposes and lighting purposes;
and it seems to me, as it has seemed to others,
that it ought not to pay any further duty. If there
had been any practicable method of exempting so
much of it as is used for manufacturing purposes
and lighting purposes from the duty uf twenty
cents which is put upon the base of it, I should
have tried to do (hat, but! could not contrive any
method of doing it; it has to pay that duty any
way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply state that
1 understand it was not the intention of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the other House
to put an additional duty on what was manufac-
tured from spirits originally, and I think it would
do no harm to put this exception in this section,
and then it will be considered probably in the
committee of conference, but if we do not put it
in, it cannot very well be considered in that way.
It can be struck out hereafter, if it is wrong.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee and of the
Senator from Wisconsin to the probable con-
struction that may be put upon the word "alco-
hol." I think that is a generic term, and probably
if you exempt alcohol, you will find that you
exempt spirits of almost every class. Senators
may remember that in a tariff bill passed some
years ago, linseed was exempted from duty, and
the result was that all flaxseed and hempseed,
and everything of the kind, came in free, because
linseed was the generic term. If I understand it,
alcohol is spirits distilled to a higher degree;
there is less water in it than there is in whisky.
Mr. HOWE. I apprehend there will be no
difficulty from that cause, but if there is, it will be
apparent to the committee of conference, who
will hereafter pass upon these questions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Iowa that this does not exempt it from
duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not sure about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only that " it shall
not be regarded as a manufacture within the mean-
ing of this act," so as to exempt it from the duty
on manufactured goods. Perhaps, after all, it
might be safer to leave it out. I cannot tell what
the operation of it will be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to make so im-
portantexception in this bill withoutalittle reflec-
tion. There is no great hardship in the manufac-
turer of alcohol paying the additional duty of three
per cent. The amount assessed on all these man-
ufactures will be three per cent, of the product.
On that which is exported there is a drawback, as
a matter of couise, and the duty would only apply
to that consumed in the country. Itistruethcarti-
cle out of which the alcohol is made pays a high
duty, but you may say the same in regard to shoes.
Leather pays a high duty, and yet the shoes man-
ufactured from leather pay a duty besides. So
with cotton; you  put a duty on cotton, and yet
the article manufactured from cotton pays a duty.
The mere amount of the.duty does not affect the
principle. I see no reason for exempting alcohol.
The manufacturer of alcohol can just as easily
pay a duty of three per cent, on the article manu-
factuied as any other manufacturer can. I am in-
formed that the greater quantity of the article is
exported, and upon that there is a drawback. On
all that goes abroad in competition with foreign
manufactures, a diawback will put them on a foot-
ing of equality.
Mr. HOWE. It is true, as the Senator says,
that the manufacturer of alcohol can as well pay
three per cent, duty as any other manufacturer,
notwithstanding the article has paid a duty of forty
cents a gallon befote; but I submit that the con-
sumer of the article, the mechanic, or the manufac-
turer, or thedruggist who usesthis article, cannot
as well afford to pay this three per cent, as he could
if he had not paid forty cents a gallon. Clearly the
effect of this clause is simply to exempt it from
the payment of the three per cent.; if there is any
doubt about that, the same doubt exists in regard
to every article in this section, and it ought to be
cleared up. The only effect we want from this
amendment is to exempt it from the payment of
the three per cent.; and if Senators have not had
sufficient time to consider this matter, I can only
say that it must be passed upon now or not at all,
and it will he open to reconsideration hereafter,
first in the committee of conference, and after-
wards in the two bodies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can be inserted by the
committee of conference if they should come to the
conclusion that it ought to be, because I perceive
that we have made amendments to that section in-
serting "lurie"and " Roman cement,"and these
amendments can be agreed to with an amendment.
The provision can be mace in that way, if it is
thought advisable, as well as here.
Mr. HOWE. If the chairman prefers to have
it withdrawn, vf ry well.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I h&venoprefcrenceabout
it, but 1 am really very much in doubt in regard
to it, and so much so that I do not feel inclined to
take sides; but if, upon examination by a com-
mittee of confeience—and there will unquestiona-
bly be one—it sthall be found advisable to insert
this item, and that be the understanding, there will
be aft opportunity to insert it. .•
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw the amendment with
that understanding. 1 have another amendment
to submit, and 1 may as well do so now as at any
other time, and I do not know thatJ ^shal! submit
but one other. The amendment 1 n;o-w offer-is Id
strike out all of the bill from section seventy-fouc
to section cighty-pight, both inclusive, beginning1
at page 102 and going down to near the bottom of
page 128, and to insert what I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro^
posed to be stricken out will not be read. The:
Secretary will read the words which the Senator
from Wisconsin proposes to insert.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. —. Jindle it further enacted^ That the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall cause ihe several assessors ap-
pointed under this act, during the months of July, August,
and September, J 862, and during the same months annually
thereafter, to ascertain as far as possible and return to him
the net income earned and received dtnlng the year ending
on the 30th day of June previous by each person, company,
and corporation within their respective districts whose net
income shall have exceeded tiie sum of §600, and upon the
aggregate amount of income so returned, as aforesaid, the
Commissioner shall proceed to levy and assess a tax of
$50,000,000, and shall issue his wauants directed to the
several collectors within the United States and the Te^i-
tories thereof, requiring thcin to collect of the seveial per-
sons, companies, and corporations within their respective
collection districts whose net incomes shall have been
returned, as aforesaid, that proportion of the sum of
$50,000,000 which their several incomes shall bear to &e
aggregate income returned.
y ec. —. A ml be itfurl her enacted, That net income within
the meaning of the foiegoing section shall he held to in-
clude : Fii&t. The interest received for all moneys loaned
or deposited, credits given, or securities owned or held.
Second. The receipts ot merchants and tiadeis for all goods,
wares, and merchandise sold, less the cost of the same and
the expenses disbursed in the sale of the same. Thud. The
wages or :>alaiie-> ot officers, agents, or employes, whether
of the United States, or of any Slate, Territory, munici-
pality, coiporation, company, or person. Fourth. The
actual receipts fiom the practice ot any profession or ait.
Fifth. The leeeipts from the pioducts sold and the value
of all consumed of all farmer*, mechanics, and manufac-
turer*, less the amounts actually di«bursed for labor and
muierial. Sixth. The rent received for all leal and per-
sonal property let to use. Seventh. The receipts from nil
minerals raised and sold, Jess the expenses disbursed in
raising and soiling the same. Eighth. The dividends le-
ccived upon all stocks held in any corporation or associa-
tion. Ninth. The freight icceived for the carriage of any
persons or property, less the expenses incurred and dis-
bursed in the carnage of the same. Tenth. The tolls le-
cejved upon any bridge, ferry, turnpike, or other way au- 
thorized to icceive tolls. Eleventh. The premiums received
upon all policies of insurance issued, less the losses paid
and expenses incurred and disbursed. Twelfth. The clear
piofits of any other bu>iness, pur>uit, or occupation what-
ever: Provided, That any pei on, company, oi corporation
exhibiting any such net income may deduct therefiom all
inteiest paid upon moneys borrowed, or debts forborne, or
securities i^ued, lents paid upon propeily leased, and all
dividends declaiedand paid upon coi porate stock i-saiied :
the items ot all which interest, lent, and dividends, with
the n.unes of the paitiesto whom the same were paid, shall
be subnnltedby the party claimingsuch deduction, veiified
by his oath or that of his agent, to the a>&e^ot or assistant
assessor, whose duty it shall be to a^ceitain and ictuin
such net income.
Sec. —. Jindbe it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of every, person, company, or corporation, having any in-
come liable to be taxed under the foregoing provisions, to
exhibit the same to the assessor or as-i tantas.sessor of his
district,■•within ten days afterdemund made personally, or
by leaving a written demand at his usual pliice of abode
or of business. Such exhibit shall be verified by oath, and
shall contain the items ot all sums received as income, to-
gether with a statement of the particular source* from
which4he same weie received, and a paiticular statement
of all expense*, disbursed, which, by the foregoing section,
may be deducted fiom such income: Piovitlvd, That any
person, company, or coiporation, who shall subscribe and
deliver, to the assessor or assistant asse.ssor, an affidavit
stating that his or their net income, as defined m this
act, does not exceed $600, and shall accompany the same
by a statement of all interest and rent and dividends paid
duiingthe preceding year, and the persons to whom the
same wa* paid, he 91 they shall thereupon he relieved ironi
all obligation to malfe any other or fuiiher exhibit of income
for that year.
s5ec. —. Jindbe it futthcr enacted, That it shall also be Urn
dutv of every f-uch person, company, 01 corporation, to ex-
hibit, when requited by the assessor 01 assistant as^e&sor,
ail vouchers for receipts or disbuisement*, all bills ol pur-
chase and accounts of .sales, to answer all questions, and
< ivc any information, or furnish any evidence in his or their
possession, which may aid the as>sessoi or his assi.*>taut to
determine the true amount of income propeily chargeable
to hnn or them.
Skc. —• *Snd he it further enacted, That eveiy person who
shall wiihullj neglect or refuse to perioim theseveiul duties
in the two pieceding .section* itquned, ut eiiket or' them,
shall be deemed guilty of a mWdemcanoi, and shall, upon
conviction thereoi. be fined not los than $'500, and shall
be imprisoned until he ^hall have perioimed aich duty.
And eveiy corporation which bhall offend 111 like man tier,
shall, upon conviction, ioneitail and singularity franchises
and piopertieo—which properties >hall be sold, by order of
the court in which Mich conviction shall be had, ami the
pioeeeds paid into the Tieasury of the United States.
