25 74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
o,
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have felt it to
be my duty to offer this amendment. This is the
first opportunity I have had to offer it. It has
not been printed; it has not been examined by the
Senate; and I do not feel justified in asking the
delay which would be required in order to have
it pointed Having offered it, I desire a vote of
the Senate upon it; and I suppose I have no right
to ask for a vote of the Senate upon a proposition
of this kind merely upon the reading of it in man-
uscript, and therefore"I want to slate as briefly
as I can what I propose to effect by this amend-
ment if it shall be adopted. First, I propose in
terms and by the words of the amendment to get
rid of the specific tax which by the bill as it stands
is laid upon slaughtered cattle, upon the receipts
of railroads, steamboats, ferry boats; the specific
tax which is laid on the interest of railroad bonds,
banks, trust companies, savings institutions, and
insurance companies; which is laid upon salaries,
advertisements, and upon income. So much 1
propose to strike out by the amendment already
submitted by the terms of that amendment; and
if that should be adopted, I shall propose further
to amend the bill by striking out a large portion
of the manufactured articles, which by the bill as
it now stands are subject to a taxation either spe-
cific or ad valorem, and the whole tax upon licenses,
with the exception of one or two perhaps; so that
it ^ould leave a revenue to be collected from in-
come, from a tax upon distilled spirits, beer, coal
oil, manufactured tobacco, gas, auction sales,
stamps, and cotton.
As a substitute for all these taxes, this amend-
ment proposes a tax upon the income of (he
nation of $50,000,000. It is conceded on all
hands that the nation must have §150,000,000 at
least. 1 want t|> submit that it is true of the na-
tion as it is of any individual in the nation, that
its expenses must be met either by its income or
by its capital; and if you exhaust any portion of
the capital of the nation, you head it towards
bankruptcy as surely as, when any portion of
the capital of an individual is exhausted in pay-
ingcurrent. expenses, he js heading towards bank-
ruptcy. Now, the question is how much of this
aggregate tax ought to be assessed dnectly upon
income. The bill, as it came to the Senate, and
as it now stands m the Senate, proposes in one
"form or another to levy several millions of dol-
lars upon income of different kinds. It was said
the other day that a proposition would be sub-
mitted to amend the bill by increasing the rates
of taxation to be imposed upon income, which
would yield a revenue of $40,000,000. 1 believe
those rates have been adopted, and the question
remains whether those rates will yield to the
Government the revenue estimated. All my
amendment calls for is $4,000,000 beyond the es-
timate then submitted.
But the amendment which I have submitted
aims at three objects: the first is to define, as
well as I can, or to attempt a definition of what
income is, that sort of income which ought to be
taxed. That this definition is very crude 1 can
well conceive; but that it is worse than no defini-
tion I think it would be difficult to show. If it
is shown that it is worse than any definition, it
must be bccause it includes something which
ought not to be there, or excludes somAhing
which ought to bo there; and whenever youshow
what that is included which ought not to be there,
or what that is excluded which ought to be in the
definition, you have only got to amend the defini-
tion and make it right.
One object, I repeat, was to attempt a definition
of income. Another object aimed at is to supply
some legal aids in the ascertainment of this in-
come. If this amendment be adopted, evei y man
who has a tax to pay upon income will have a
common interest in giving the nation to under-
stand just what the income of the country is, be-
cause just in proportion to the accuracy with
which the income shall be ascertained and re-
turned, will the percentage of the tax be greater
or U'ss. If, instead of requiring a given sum to
be levied upon the income when it is ascertained,
you require only a given rate of taxation to be
levied, you tire exposed to this difficulty: no man
has any interest m the question of assessment
beyond_ mat of seeing how much ho can avoid
giving in, how far he can withhold his own in-
come from discovery, foi the reason that the less
income he gives in, the less tax he has to pay;
and it does not make any difference whether his
neighbor gives in the whole of his or not. If I
give in $100 of income, I know very well I have
three dollars to pay upon it, or seven dollars, or
whatever the rate of taxation is; and that is the
end of my interest in the matter. It does not
affect me whether my neighbor, who has $200 of
income, shall give in the whole or $150; it does
not change the tax I have to pay; but if I under-
stand that the income of the nation has to raise
a given amount, then lam interested in having
every dollar of income veported to the nation.
That is one advantage which 1 think the amend-
ment has over the bill as it stands. Another ad-
vantage which I think it has is, that it furnishes
very essential material aids in the investigation
of the question what the income is. I have felt,
from the beginning of the investigation of this
tax bill, that its provisions were so loosely drawn
that it would be unreasonable, irrational, to ex-
pect that anything like the actual income of the
country would ever be ascertained under it, would
ever be known..
1 started the question a short time since, how
much of the aggregate revenue, which the Govern-
ment is compelled to obtain from some quarter,
ought to be obtained from income. I have thought
of ita good deal, and I cannot, for my life, assign
a reason why, when the Government knows what
the income of the country is, it should not put its
whole load of taxation upon that income, unless
you have some branch of industry, some employ-
ment, some pursuit, carried on m the country,
which you wish to discourage, and therefore
choose to impose a tax upon it for the purpose of
discouiagingthat pursuit. If that is the case, then
you ought to lay a tax upon that business, rather
than upon income property so considered. The
bill as it stands proposes in terms to ascertain
what the income is. It will not do to say of this
amendment that it is inquisitorial, because that is
as true of the original bill. It proposes an inqui-
sition, precisely the same inquisition which this
amendment does. It proposes to ascertain what
the income of the country is. The amendment is
no more objectionable, therefore, in that regard
than the bill js as it stands.
I hope it will not be said that this income, when
ascertained, cannot afford to pay at least one third
of the whole revenue, because it is as true as the
Gospel and as clear as sunlight that what income
does not pay must be paid by something which
is not income. If those who have clear earn-
ings do not pay this revenue, it must be paid by
somebody who has no clear earnings; and I have
hoped that the Legislature might be willing to say
that at least one third of this revenue should be
paid by those who are in the receipt of clear prof-
its, incomes.
The amendment adopts the suggestion of the
original bill, which, as I understand it, is that a
certain amount of income ought to be exempted
from the payment of taxation, ought to be set apart
to the sustenance of those who enjoy it and the
families of those who enjoy it, and it has adopted
the suggestion of the bill m fixing upon that sum,
taking the sum of $600. It has for a long time
been the policy of most of our codes to exempt a
certain amount of pioperty from the payment of
all debts, and while the Government exempts Mr.
A from the payment of his debt to Mr. H, I see
no good reason why the Government should not
exempt the property of both Mr. A and Mr. B to
a like extent from the payment of a debt which
they owe to the Government itself, for this taxa-
tion is a debt. This liability to pay taxes to meet
the wants of the Government is an obligation due
from every citizen to the Government. And what
is the equivalent for that obligation? It is that
the Government furnishes pi otection; and to what
does it furnish protection ? To three little com-
modities—I believe under our Constitution they
are not merchantable, most of them,at all events
—they are life, liberty, and pioperty. So far as
the protection to life or liberty is the equivalent,
every individual has an equal interest and owes
;| an equal debt. So far as protection is given to
;! propel ty, the interest of every man in the Gov-
|; eminent js precisely in proportion to his estate, j
and the man who has $100,000 to protect has one
1 hundred times the interest m the Government
[ which the man who has but $1,000 has.
i Mr. President, I do not see why this Govern-
1 mentis not really one great mutual insurance com-
pany, as much like that as anything else. lis
business is to insure the property, and the lives,
and the liberties of its citizens. Its policies, to be
sure, are not exactly in the terms you get from
the Etna and the Hartford; they are not to pay
a certain sum in case of loss, but to guard you
against loss; and the very struggle of the nation
at this time, which has called for this burden of
taxation, is evoked by a danger the like of which
never has threatened the existence of this nation,
and we trust that if the old insurance company
comes up to its duties as itought, no such danger
will ever threaten it again. Now, what is the
amount of the risks, to carry out the analogy fur-
ther? The aggregate estates of this nation, I be-
lieve, are estimated by the statisticians at some-
thing like sixteen thousand millions of dollars.
So, then, you are insuring property to the amount
of $16,000,000,000. To enable you to carry on the
business of the concern, the Government wants
$150,000,000. It is one per cent., or about that,
one cent on the dollar—a war risk. That is not
a high rate. The nation can pay it; the nation is
eager to pay it. With my colleagues upon the
Committee on Finance, i have met delegations,
day after day, from every quarter of the country;
and I wish to say here, for the honor of our peo-
ple, that I have not seen a delegation or a man who
exhibited the slightest symptom of a wish or a
desire to shrink from any part of the obligation
which the crisis imposed upon him. I have seen
a very common desire that this revenue should
be collected as equally, as equitably as possible.
That is natural; that is honest; and it ought to be
met on the part of the Legislature by just such a
wish as that. But I have seen, and so has every
other member of the committee, men come here
blushing, blushing actually, lest that natural de-
sire of theirs to have this burden equitably im-
posed, should be construed into something like
a desire to avoid some portion of the obligation
justly resting upon them. If any consideration
were wanted to induce a Legislature to treat a
people fairly and honestly, it would be the exhibi-
tion of just such a spirit on behalf of the people
themselves. When we have a people like that to
represent, if we cannot represent them in a spirit
and with a disposition as just, as equitable, and
as honest as that, it seems to me we ought to re-
tire and let somebody else take our places. That
the Legislature means to meet them in the same
spirit, i do not doubt.
This proposition is so new, it is in some ofits
aspects so foreign to or so different from anything
that we have considered or discussed here in the
Senate, that I cannot anticipate objections to it,
and therefore shall not attempt to discuss them;
but I wish to say one thing more, Mr. President.
It will appear, from a casual glance at this amend-
ment, that its purpose is to impose a larger share
of this burden upon the wealth of the country than
is imposed by the original bill, and therefore it
may be inferred that the primal object of moving
it is to favor the poverty of the nation at the ex-
pense of the wealth of the nation. That would
not be, so far as 1 am concerned, a just interpre-
tation of the motives which have induced me to
offer it. My first impulse was to endeavor to do
justice not meiely to the poverty but to the wealth ^
of the country; and my second purpose and my
highep purpose was that we might be enabled to
get just what we are bargaining for, security: that
we may administer the laws of the country and
frame them so as to get security for all the inter-
ests which the Government was designed to pro-
tect—for liberty, for life, for property.
Property can be made, under some forms ot
government, very secure, Where all favoritism is
given to property, and no favor or no justice is
shown to persons who are destitute of property;
but that cannot be done under any representative
form of government. You must take away from
the people the right to a voice in the control of
affaiis, the right to be represented, or else you
must give them equal rights and equal justice un-
der that representation. In this very countiy ot
ouis, we have an opportunity of seeing both of
these policies under actual trial, upon actual ex-
periment. In one portion of our country all the
people are represented, all the people stand equal
befoie the law, all the people have had equal
rights and, in the main, equal justice. In another
portion of our country the policy has been to pile
wealth upon wealth, favor upon favor; to persons,
