•1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
The roll was then called, and the following
members-failed to answer to their names;
Messrs. Ancona, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Biddie, Bingham,
Samuel S. Blair, George XL Utowne, Bumham, Cobb, Con-
way, Cooper, Corning, Covode, Cravens, Crisfield, Cutler,
Delapfaine, Dunn, Ely, English, Fenton, Fisher, Fouke,
Gooch, Goodwin, Hickman, Ilolman, Horton, Jackson,
Johnson, William Kellogg, Lehman, Logan, Lovejoy, Me-
Keati, McPherson, Mansion, Maynard, Odeii, Olin; John
S. Phelps, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice, Robinson,
Sedgwick, Spaulding. Trimble, Vandever, VanValken-
burgh, Van Wyck, Vibbaid, Wail, Charles W. Walton,
Washburne, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Windom, and
Wood.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, accordingto order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
bill in relation to the demand Treasury notes, and
finding itself without a quorum, had caused the
roll to be called, and directed him to report the
names of the absentees to the House.
A quorum having answered to their names, the
committee resumed its session, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair.)
Mr. Stevens's motion was agreed to.
SANDERSON'S CANNON.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 30) authorizing the
Secretary of War to test Sanderson's breech-
loading cannon.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the resolution be
laid aside.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is the effect of that motion
to put that bill down to the foot of the Calendar ?
The CHAIRMAN, It will occupy the same
relative position it had before.
The motion was agreed to.
MEDICAL STAFF, ETC.
The following bills and joint resolutions were
then severally laid aside:
A bill (H.'R. No. 211) relating to Congress.
' A bill (tl. R. No. 212) regulating pay of offi-
cers of the Army.
A bill (H. II. No. 179) for the better organiza-
tion of the medical staff of the Army.
A bill (II. R. No. 175) to amend " An act to
incorporate the Columbian Institution for the In
struction of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind,'
and to make appropriations for the benefit thereof.
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 4:2) providing for
the establishment of a national foundery east of
the Alleghany mountain#, and a national foun-
dery, a national armory, and a manufacturin_
arsenal west of that line, and in the valley of the
Ohio and Mississippi.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
A bill (H. R. No. 312) to provide internal rev-
enue, to support the Government, and pay inter-
est on the public debt.
Mr.STEYENS moved that the bill be laid aside.
On a division there were—ayes 77, noes 14.
Mr. BABBITT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Alley and
Shanks were appointed.
The motion was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes 82, noes 24.
PROPERTY OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
A bill (EI. R. No. 33) providing for compensa-
tion to loyal citizens for property destroyed to
prevent the same from being used by the enemy.
M r. STEVENS mo ved that the bill be laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
A bill (H. R. No. 346) for the establishment of a
national foundei yat Chicago, Illinois, and at Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, and at Poughkecpsie, New
York, for the fabrication of cannon and piojec-
tiles for the Government; also for the establish-
ment of an armory and arsenal at Columbus, Ohio;
also for the establishment of a depot for saltpeter,
powder factory, and magazine, at Indianapolis,
and at Trenton, New Jersey.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid aside.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes ninety-three, noes not counted.
BRANCH MINT AT DENVER.
A bill (H. R. No. 287) to establish a branch of
the Mint of the United States at Denver, in the
Territory of Colorado.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be laid
aside.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is not that bill
entitled to priority?
The CHAIRMAN. It is within the control of
the committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What is the form
of the question?
The^CHAIRMAN. "Shall the hill be laid
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not so under-
stand the rule. It is provided that in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union general
appropriation bills, and in times of war, bills for
raising men and money, and bills concerning a
treaty of peace, shall be preferred to all other
bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the bill can be laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Senate bill No. 108, being an act for the release
of certain persons held to service or labor in the
District of Columbia, was next reached on the
Calendar.
Mr. WEBSTER. I move that that bill be laid
aside. [Laughter.]
The motion was not agreed to; and the bill was
before the committee for consideration.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I avail myself of the indulgence of the com-
mittee to make some suggestions upon subjects
now attracting the attention of Congress and of
the country—the relation of the " seceded States"
(so called) to the Union, the confiscation of prop-
erty, and the emancipation of slaves in such States.
Sensible how deeply the interests of the country
are involved in their right decision, I can only
say 1 have given to them careful and patient con-
sideration, with an earnest hope and desire to
learn what my duty is and faithfully and firmly
to discharge it.
The questions are novel, as they are moment-
ous. In the discussion of them, little aid can be
derived from our own precedents, from the his-
tory of other nations, or from writers on consti-
tutional and international law. The solution of
the difficult problems of right and duty involved
must be found in the careful study of the princi-
ples of the Constitution and the just and logical
application of them to this new condition of things.
The peculiar feature of our civil polity is, that
we live under written constitutions, defining and
limiting the powers of Government and securing
the rights of the individual subject. Our political
theory is, that the people retain the sovereignty
and that the Government has such powers only
as the people, by the organic law, have conferred
upon it. Doubtless these inflexible rules some-
times operate as a restraint upon measures which
for the time being seem to be desirable. The com-
pensation is, that our experience has shown that,
as a general rule and in the long run, the restraint
is necessary and wholesome.
It is, I readily admit, by no narrow and rigid
construction of the words of the Constitution that
the powers and duties of Congress on these sub-
jects are to be ascertained. Every provision must
be fairly construed in view of the great objects the
Constitution was ordained to effect, and with the
full recognition of the powers resulting from clear
implication, as well as express grant. Designed
as the bond of perpetual union, and as the frame-
work of permanent Government, we should be
very slow to conclude that it lacked any of the
necessary powers for self-defense and self-pres-
ervation.
But recognizing the profound wisdom and fore-
sight of the Constitution, and its adaptation to all
the exigencies of war and peace,when ameasure
is proposed in apparent conflict with its provis-
ions, we may well pause to inquire whether, after
all, the measure is necessary, and whether we may
not bend to the Constitution rather than that the
Constitution should give way to us. When we
make necessity our law-giver, we are very ready
to believe the necessity exists.
Nor are wc to forget that the Constitution is a
bill of rights as well as a frame of government;
that among the most precious portions of the in-
strument are the first ten amendments; that it is
doubtful whether the people of the United States
could have been induced to adopt the Constitution
except upon the assurance of the adoption of these
amendments; which are our Magna Carta, em-
bodying in the organic law the securities of life,
liberty, and estate, which, to the Anglo-Saxon
mind, are the seed and the fruit of free govern-
ment. Some portions of our history have led to the
conclusion that the existence of these amendments
may, in the confusion of the times, have been
overlooked.
In my humble judgment, Mr. Chairman, there
has been and is now but one issue before the coun-
try, and that is whether the Constitution of the
United States shall be the supreme law of the land.
That Constitution was formed by the people of
the United States. It acts not upon the States,
nor through the States upon us as citizens of the
several States, but directly upon us as citizens of
the United States, claiming on the one hand our
allegiance and giving to us on the other its pro-
tection. It is not a compact between the States or
the peoples of the several States. It is itself a frame
of Government ordained and established by the
people of the United States.
The sphere of the Government so established is
indeed limited, but within that sphere its power is
supreme. It is a Government of delegated pow-
ers and the powers not delegated are reserved
either to the States or to the people. (Amend-
ments, art. 10.)
The powers and functions granted to the na-
tional Government by the Constitution arc em-
braced in three general classes: those concerning
the relations of the United States to foreign na-
tions, those concerning the relations between the
States and their citizens respectively, and certain
powers which, though belonging to the home de-
partment of Government, to oe useful and effect-
ive must be general and uniform in their opera-
tion throughout the country. A very large pro-
portion of the ordinary and necessary «powers
and functions of government is left in the States.
The powers of the national Government do not
extend to or include the domestic institutions or
internal police of the States. The separation and
distinction between the respective spheres of the
State and national governments is an essential
characteristic of our system, and is as old as the
idea of Union itself. No Union was suggested,
no project of one for a moment entertained on
any other basis. The colonies in authorizing their
delegates to assent to a separation from Great
Britain and to form a Union for the general de-
fense, expressly restricted them from consenting
to any articles of union which should take from
the colonies the power over their internal police
and domestic institutions. The resolutions of the
colonies of New Jersey, Maryland, and Rhode
Island, may be cited in illustration.
The resolution of the provincial congress of
New Jersey, passed June 21,1776, and laid before
the Continental Congress on the 28th of June,
empowered the delegates of that province to—
"Unite with the delegates of the other colonies, in declaring
the United Colonies independent of Gieat Britain, entering
into a confederation for union and common defense, making
treaties with foreign nations for commerce and assistance,
and to take such other measures as may appear to thein and
you necessary for these great ends; promising to support
them with the whole force of this province; always observ-
ing, whatever plan of confederacy you enter into', the reg-
ulating the internal police of this province is to be reserved
to the Colony Legislative."
The convention of the colony of Maryland, by
a resolution adopted June 28, 1776, and laid be-
fore Congress July 1, authorized and empowered
the deputies of the colony to—
"Concur with the other United Colonies, or a majority
of tliem, in declaring the United Colonies free and inde-
pendent; in favoring such further compact and confedera-
tion between them; in making foreign alliances, and in
adopting such other measures as shall be judged necessary
foi securing the hbcities of Ameiica; and that said colony
will hold itself bound by the resolutions of the majonty of
the United Colonies in the premises; -provided the soleand
exclusive right of regulating the internal government and po-
lice of that colony be reserved to the people thereof."—Jour-
nals of Congress, 1776, pp. 390, 391, 392.
The credentials of the Assembly of Rhode Isl-
and, after giving to the delegates power to enter
into Union and confederation, add:
"Taking the greatest care to secure to this colonv,inthe
strongest and most perfect manner, its piesent established
form and all the powers of.goveinment, far as relates to
its internal police and conduct of our affairs, civil and re-
ligious."—Ibid., p. 343.
In the revolutionary government, in the Articles
of Confederation, in the Constitution, in its judi-
cial interpretation, in every Administration under
the Constitution, and in every department of the
Government, the limitation has thus far been care-
