1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fully recognized and faithfully kept. This famil-
iar, well-settled doctrine as to the independent
respective spheres of the national and State gov-
ernment has never, perhaps, been more clearly
and strongly stated than in one of the resolutions
adopted by the convention which ushered- the
present Administration into power:
" Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the rights
of the States, and especially the right of each Stale to order
and control its own domestic institutions, according to its
own judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of
powers 011 which the perfection and endurance of our po-
litical fabric depends."
It is expressed also, with clearness and strength,
in the resolution adopted by the House near the
close of the last session of Congress by a nearly
unanimous vote:
" Resolved, That neither the Federal Government nor
the people or governments of the non-slaveholding States
have a purpose or a constitutional right to legislate upon or
interfere with slavery in any of the States of the Union."
These doctrines as to the supremacy of the na-
tional Government within its sphere and of the
reserved rights of the States are elementary. Be-
tween them there is no necessary conflict. Each
is the complement of the other; both vital parts
of that political system under whose admirable
distribution and adjustment of powers the people
of the United States have had for seventy years
incomparably the best and most beneficent Gov-
ernment the world has ever known; a Govern-
ment now imperiled, not by reason of any inher-
ent defect or any want of wisdom or foresight in
its founders, not bccause wc have outgrown its
provisions, not becausc it is behind the age, but
because it has fallen upon an age not worthy of
it, which has failed to appreciate the spirit of wis-
dom, prudence, and moderation in which it was
founded.
Such'being the relation of the Government of the
United States to its citizens and to the States, the
first question that arises is, how far this relation
is affected by th£ fact that several of the States
have assumed, by ordinances of secession, (so-
callcd,) to separate themselves from the Union.
The people of the United States in and by the
Constitution of the United States, established a
national Government, without limitation of time,
"for themselves and their posterity." It had
been provided under the Articles of Confederation
that the Union should be perpetual. The Con-
stitution was established to form " a more perfect
union" than that of the Confederation; more effi-
cient in power, and not less durable in time There
is not a clause or word in the Constitution which
looks to separation. It has careful provisions for
its amendment, none for its destruction; capacity
for expansion, none for contraction; a door for
new States to come in, none for old or new ones
to go out. An ordinance of secession has no legal
meaning or force, is wholly inoperative and void.
The Constitution, and the laws and treaties made
under it, the people have declared, "shall be the
supreme law of the land, and the judges in every
State shall be bound thereby, anything in the con-
stitution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding. " The act of secession, therefore,
cannot change in the least degree the legal relation
of the State to the Union. No provision of the
Constitution of the United States, no law or treaty
of the United States can be abrogated or impaired
thereby. No citizen of the United States residing
in the seceded States is, by such ordinance of
secession, deprived of the just pioteclion of, or
exempted from any of his duties to, the United
States. In contemplation of law the reciprocal
duties of protection and allegiance remain unaf-
fected. After the act of secession, the province and
duty of the Government of the United States are
the same, according to the full measure of its
ability, as before, to enforce in every part of the
Union, and over every inch of its territory, the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
It is the necessary result of these principles
that no State can abdicate or forfeit the rights of
its citizens to the protection of the Constitution
of the United States or the privileges and bless-
ings of the Union which that Constitution secures
and makes perpetual. The primary, paramount
allegiance of every citizen of the United States
is to the nation, and the State authorities can no
more impair that allegiance than a county court
or a village constable. Every proposition, how-
ever artfully disguised, which seeks to give any
effect or vitality to an ordinance of secession, for
evil or for good, is itself aconfession of the right.
To say that an act of secession is inoperative and
void against the Constitution, and that this void
act sustained by force is a practical abdication of
the rights of the State under the Constitution, is
to blow hot and blow cold, to deny and affirm in
the same breath, to state a proposition which is
felo de se.
It is also "the plain and necessary conclusion,
from the principles before stated, that a State can-
not commit treason. Under the Constitution of the
United States persons only can commit treason.
How treason may be committed, and how tried
and punished, the Constitution points out. (Con-
stitution, art. 3, sec. 3; Amendments, arts. 5 and
6.) The persons who for the time being hold the
offices under a State government may individ-
ually commit treason, but the acts of the State
officers, transcending their authority and in con-
flict with the Constitution of the United States,
involve in their guilt no man who has not himself
levied war against the United States or adhered
to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. It
is only we, the subjects, that can commit treason
or expiate its guilt. No man or set of men can,
without our consent, involve us in theawful crime,
or subject us to the awful penalties of treason.
As a State cannot commit the crime of treason,
it cannot incur a forfeiture of its powers and func-
tions as the penalty of treason. The punishment
provided for traitors is the result of judicial trial,
conviction, and judgment. How to indict a State,
the constitution of the court, the mode of trial,
the form of judgment, and process of execution
yet exist in gremio legis. Nor is it material that
the acts of the State officers have the sanction and
support of the majority of the people of the State.
Within the proper sphere of the State government
the rule of the majority will prevail, except so far as
it is restrained by the organic law. But the ma-
jority of the voters of the State cannot deprive the
'minority of the rights secuied to them by the Con-
stitution of the United States. Some of these
rights may be kept in abcyance. Their exorcise
may be overborne by superior physical force.
They may sleep, but it is not the sleep of death.
They are integral parts of the Constitution, and
can only perish when the Constitution perishes.
The State of Tennessee,for example, has passed
an ordinance of " secession." She has allied her-
self with the other seceding States. Her vote of
secession is sustained by force. Upon this new
and startling theory of the Constitution she has
already incurred a forfeiture of all those functions
and powers essential to the continued existence
of the State as a body-politic. The voice of her
eloquent Senator is heard in the Capitol, her ven-
erable judge sits in the highest judicial tribunal,
and exerciscs the highest functions of govern-
ment, her Representatives mingle in our coun-
cils, her loyal citizens greet with tears of joy the
banner of our advancing hosts—their hope and
our hope, their pude and our pride; yet upon this
theory there is no Tennessee, "the Commonwealth
itself is past and gone." Its citizens can no longer
be represented in this House or the Senate. The
courts of the Un i ted States are closed against them*
(Corporation ofNewOrleansvs. Winter, 1 Whea-
ton Rep., 91.) The requisition upon the State for
troops was a mistake. The direct tax was a mis-
take. its citizens, under the shield of the Consti-
tution, are outlaws and in their own homes exiles.
If such bo the effects of a void act of secession, wc
should be grateful we are not called upon to wit-
ness the results of a valid one. There is nothing
in the doctrines of nullification or secession more
disloyal to the Constitution, more fatal to the
Union,than this doctrineofStatesuicide. It is the
gospel of anarchy, the philosophy of dissolution.
Nor by carrying out this doctrine of the destruc-
tion or forfeiture of the State organization would
anything be gained for the cause of freedom. Sla-
very exists by the local, municipal law, and would
not be abolished unless you go one step further,
and hold that, with the loss of the State organi-
zation, the institutions, laws, and civil relations of
the States perish. Now, in case of conquest,
oven though the people of file conquered territory
change their allegiance, their relations^ to each
other and their rights of property remain undis-
turbed. The modern usage,of nations, which has
become law, would be violated if private property
should be generally confiscated and private rights
annulled. (United States vs. Pcrcheman, 7 Pe-
ters, 51j 3PhiHemore,:p.<743.) When, therefore,
States were reduced to Territories, the national
Government could not abolish slavery therein,
except under the right of Bminent domain, and by
giving just compensation. ^ ■- * -
If we are right as to the nullity of the acts of
secession, we may proceed to inquire whet&eE the
fact that the seceding States have attempted
form a new alliance or confederation will effect*the
result. Upon the plainest letter of the Constitu-
tion, as well as by its entire spirit, these acts of
confederation are void. Continuing as States', in
spite of their ordinances, they were expressly for-
bidden to enter into any treaty, alliance, or Con-
federation, or into any agreement or compact with
another State or with a foreign Power. (Consti-
tution, art. 1, sec. 10.) Neither by secession nor
confederation have they changed their legal rela-
tion to the Union and the Constitution of the
United States. They are still members of the
Union, foregoing for a time its privileges, but sub-
ject to its duties, bound to it by a cord which the
sword of successful revolution can alone sever.
What, then, it may be asked, is the legal char-
acter of this great insurrection ? The answer is,
it is a rebellion of citizens of the United States
against the Government of the United States; an
organized effort to subvert and overthrow its au-
thority, and to establish another government in
its stead. Nothing can be more explicit than the
proclamation of April 15,1861:
"The laws of the United States have been for some time
past and now are opposed, and the execution thereof ob-
structed, in the States of South Carolina, Georgia Alabama,
Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, by combina-
tions too powerful to be suppressed by the oidinary course
of judicial proceeding?, or by the powersvested in the mar-
shals by law:
" Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States, in virtue of the power in me vested by the
Constitution and the laws, have thought fit to call forth,
and hereby do call forth, the militia of the several States of
the Union, to the aggregate number of seventy-five thou-
sand, in order to suppress said combinations, andto cause the
laws to be duly executed.
" I appeal to all loyal citizens to favor, facilitate, and aid
this eflbi t to maintain the lionoi, the integrity, and the ex-
istence of our national Union, and the perpetuity of popu-
lar Government, and to redress wrongs already long enough
endured."
The State organizations have been found con-
venient, and have been used for the purposes of
the rebellion. Those of counties and cities have
been used for the same ends. In either case it
was an entire perversion of their functions, and
the action is none the less illegal and revolutionary
on that account. A State, as such, having no
power to engage in war with any other State, or
with the United States,cannotinterposeitsshield
between the Government of the United States and
its subjects committing treason by levying war
against it; nor is such levying war any the less
treason because the traitors held places of trust
in the State governments, and perverted the func-
tions of those governments to their base ends.
Morally, it is an aggravation of the offense. It
does not change its essential legal character.
In the convention for forming the Constitution
of the United States, Luther Martin, of Mary-
land, was anxious to insert a provision to save
the citizens of the States from being punishable
as traitors to the United States when acting ex-
pressly in obedience to the authority of their Own
States. The provision offered by him was:
" That no act or acts done by one or more of the States
against the United State*, or by any'citizen of any one of
the United States, undei the authority of oneormoreof the
said States, shall be deemed treason, or punished as such;
hut in case of war being levied by one or more of the States
against the United States, the conduct ofeaeii party towards
the other, and their adherents respectively, shall be regu-
lated by the laws of war and of nations."
This proposition was rejected, Mr. Martin says,
with much feeling, because the leading members
of the convention meant to leave the States at the
mercy of the national Government. The more
obvious reason is, that it was inconsistent with
the whole theory of the Constitution, which,
springing from the people of the United States,
acted directly upon them as its subjects, and with
a force which no law or ordinance of aStatecould
impair.
This, then, is not a conflict of States, nor is it
a war of countries or of geographical lines. It is
a conflict between Government and its disobedient
subjects. He only is the enemy of the United
States who is committing treason by levying war
against the United States, or giving aid and com-
