1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2575'
as such, no favor has been accorded and little of
right has been accorded. The outcroppings of
these two systems you see to-day. One is waging
a rebellion, one inaugurating a revolution; an<Tthe
other is encountering it and struggling to put it
dowjj. And upon the people who have been ruled
by these two policies you see their effects. From
both quarters vast armies have been mustered,
and have been armed and have been placed in the
field, but if you put the question tome to-day, or
if you put it to the history of the times to-day, or
any day hereafter, which policy, which system
of government has developed the most manhood
in the great masses of the people, I am bound to
say my own judgment is, it is that policy which
.has conferred the most equal rights upon all the
people. In that army which constitutes to-day
the force of the rebellion, we have found some,
many energetic, accomplished officers; but the
men who follow those officers, I do not think
make up such an army as that they are called upon
to oppose. In the army which has been mustered
to encounter the revolution, to subdue the rebel-
lion, 1 will not say that you cannot find a general,
but I will say that from every State from which
that army has been gathered, you have found
regiments and brigades, you have founds corps
and armies, that were reaily to fight your battles,
and have clone it, without a general,and will win
you victories as often as you set them the task if
you will not fetter them with generals.
Now, sir, the policy which pYoduces such fruits
and such people, such men, such manhood as this,
1 am disposed to abide by and adhere to; and i
think this policy, the preservation of itand perpet-
uation of it, of the utmost value and importance to
'every interest that the Government iscalled upon
to protect, essential to the wealth of the country
. as to the life or the liberty of the country; and
with these remarks, Mr. President, 1 submit this
amendment to the Senate. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment is a very
simple one in its principle, and that is to impose
a tax of $50,000,000 upon all the i ncomes of the
country over $600 a year, without any knowledge
of what the gross amount of income is or what
the percentage will he. That is the great princi-
ple. Now, to begin with, I think we have hardly
information enough to do that. The Senator from
Rhode Island the other day said that he expected
to raise $46,000,000 from an income tax upon the
incomes of the people of this country, charging
nobody who did not have an income of more than
§600 a year, and that was when the tax was at
three per cent. At thr<je per cent, the gross amount
of incomes of the people subjected to the tax, lay-
ing ot!t of view all not above $600, icquired in or-
der to produce that sum, would be something over
fifteen hundred millions of dollars. Senators may
easily calculate or guess whether there is any such
amountof incomes ni this country. The Senator
from Wisconsin proposes to raise $50,000,000
from an income tax, and according to my hasty
calculation, it would require some seventeen or
eighteen hundred millions of dollars of gross in-
come on the part of those persons whose incomes
exceed $600 a year to produce that sum. From
looking around in their own neighborhoods Sen-
ators may give a guess as to how likely any such
result is, if we should adopt this proposition,
which i suppose the Senator hardly expects. If
it be adopted, nobody can tell how much the in-
come will be, or what the rate of tax will be,
whether three, or five, or ten, or fifteen, or twenty
per cent. I think we have not information (nough
yet to act upon it. The plan is new, and 1 hopu
the Senate will not adopt it.
Mr. SIMMONS I want to correct the calcu-
lation of the Senator from Maine. He said that
I estimated §46,000,000 of income tax fiom a rate
of three per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Three was the principal
rate, but I know in one case it was seven and a
half.
Mr. SIMMONS. The average was a little over
six per cent., as I filmed it.
Mr. FESSENDEN". But Senators can easily !
give a giu'ss as to itow many mcofnes there are in I
the country over §10.000, and how many over j
§50,000, and how many over $100,000, it is a j
new country, and every nun can estimate for him- j
self tlie probability of there being many such in- I
comcs. 1 suppose, on looking around in our own
States, we can form some judgment as to that.
There may possibly be one or two men in my
State who have an income of over $50,000, but I
do not know any such; and 1 doubt whether there
file half a dozen who have an income of over
§20,000; and the number of those who have in-
comes over §10,000 a year is exceedingly small,
so that most of the incomes will be taxed at three
per cent.
Mr. HOWE. I will just say, in reply to the
suggestion of the Senator from Maine, that of
course I could not know what the income of the
country was, or what the percentage would be;
but I went upon the idea that the income of the
nation must be about equal to $150,000,000; that
it would not take more than $150,000,000, because
really the Government is disbursing, 1 suppose,
some five or six hundred millions of dollars, and
a good deal of that must be income; and then
there are some twelve or sixteen thousand mil-
lions of estates, and I suppose they yield an in-
terest of three or four per cent.; and" then there
are five or six millions of adult men who labor,
and they must earn something; so that I conclude
that the $150,000,000 will not take more than all
the income. Now, if a man does not spend more
than all his income, he is not ruined. If the nation
docs not spend more than all its income, it is not
ruined. Then this other idea which I suggested,
as I was speaking before, occurred to me with so
much force that I could notget rid of it, that every
portion of that which you do not put on income
you have got to put on something which is not
income—you have got to take out of the pockets
of somebody, who has not any incomc.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to me a very ex-
traordinary experiment in the Senate to submit a
complicated plan like this and ask us to vote upon
it in this manner. For one, after hearing the gen-
tleman, I do not know how much of the bill he
proposes to strike out, nor how much of it his
substitute will cover. The amendment has not
been pi in ted; no Senator has read it; no Senator
has had an opportunity to read it. The gentle-
man says there is no opportunity to print it. I
take it when an amendment is proposed, it is pro-
posed in good faith with the expectation and hope
that it will be adopted. Now, how can any man
vote for a thing of this kind which he has had no
opportunity to understand anything about? It is
to me a very extraordinary experiment made in
this way on so important a measure as this. I
caught hcte and theie features of the proposition
and I desire to say that some of them are utterly
impracticable. The Senator proposes to tax in-
come, and as I understood the reading of the
amendmentand his explanation of it, he takes the
income of an insurance company to be the amount
of premiums they receive. Now, that is exactly
the money with which they pay the losses.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is a iittio unfortu-
nate m not understanding the proposition.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wonder that I am
unfoifiliate in not understanding a paper I have
never seen.
Mr. HOWE. There is a deduction of losses
paid out and of expenses incurred by the company
from the premiums received.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I am very much in the
habit, probably as much as any gentleman, ofsee-
mg how a thing affects myself, I noticed one part
of the pioposition. It is provided that one of the
rules of income shall be to take the salaries re-
ceived from any Government, State or national.
He takes out the amount leceived upon bank stock
where the bank has paid the percentage, but he
does not take out the per cent, which is deducted
from our salaries here.
Mr. HOWE. This is a substitute for that. If
this be adopted there is no three per cent, income
tax left in the bill. The amendment strikes out
the whole taxation upon income.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 am sensible of that, but
does it stnke out that part of the bill which pro- ;
vides for the disbuismg officer deducting three J
pei crnt. fmm our pay? [
Mr. HOWE. Certainly, the whole of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, sir. the more I hear (l
of it, the moi'" I see that it is incapable of b"in<r .
understood by me, and I cannot vote for a thing i
I do not understand. I
Mr. HOWE. I explained when I first took the j
floor that I offered the amendment at the first op-.
portunity I had to offer it*, and that I did not feel
justified in asking the delay which would be re-
quired to have the amendment printed. If any
Senator is curious on the subject* ov would like
to see it, or thinks there is anything in it'that the
Senate ought to understand, I should be very glad
to have him move its printing and have the Sen-
ate take the time to examine it. But I certainly
ought not be berated here because the subject is
not well understood by the Senate. I have done
the best I could to make them understand it. I do
not think the Senate is very likely to adopt the
proposition, but I have thought it my right and
my privilege to offer the amendment. It is a prin-
ciple that sometime or other has got to be recog-
nized. There is no more doubt about that than
that the world is going to stand. It will be recog-
nized, or worse will follow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was not in the Senate
when the amendment was read, having been called
out accidentally, and I have not seen it printed. I
always like to vote with my colleague on any
matter where his judgment is decidedly in favor
of a proposition and I have not knowledge enough
to form a judgment myself; and I would suggest
to my colleague to withdraw this amendment for
to-day and allow it to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We expect to get through
to-day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Can we?
Several Senators. Certainly.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Hows, resulted—yeas 5,
nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messis>. DoolitUe, Ilowe, McDougall, Trumbull,
and Wilkinson—5.
nnth, Pom<-!oy. Powell, Simmons, tiuuk, Sumner^ Ten
Evck, Thomson, Wade, Wiiley, Wilmot, Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts, and Wright—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARIC. I move to amend the bill on the
87th page, in lines fifty and fifty-one of section sev-
enty-one, by striking ouf from the word "sold"
to the word "provided." The words which I
propose to strike out are, "any limitation which
mayexistin the charter of said companies or laws
of any State to the contrary notwithstanding." It
is a little too obvious an attempt to interfere with
the legislation of the States, and perhaps it adds
nothing to the force of the section.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend that propo-
sition by going back a little fuither, to the forty-
eighth line—.the same motion that I submitted in
committee—striking out all after the word 14 re-
turn," and including the words which the Senator
from New Hampshire moves to strike out, down
to the word "provided." The words which I
wish to strike out are, " and all gas companies
are hereby authorized to add the duty or tax im-
posed by this act to the price per thousand cubic
feet on gas sold, any limitation which may exist
in the charter of said companies or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to the
amendment moved by the Senator from New
Hampshire, because I think the words which he
proposes to strike out are unnecessary, and add
nothing to the foice of the section; but I think the
provisi )n itself an important one; it is so deemed,
and 1 h 3pe it will not be stricken out, as proposed
by the Senator from New Yoik.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no great anxiety about it
myself other than'this: I think it presents a very
serious question indeed—and I should be sorry to
find Congress attempting^—whether Congress, in
a law like this, has the power to enlarge the privi-
leges and rights of a State corporation, if a gas
company, incorporated by a State, has the power
to add to its charge for gas furnished to a cus-
tomer the amount of this tax, then this pro\ isiou
is unnecessary. If by its charter it has not the
power, (hen in my judgment this is inoperative.
I do not believe that Congress can vary tin- pow-
ers of a State corporation. If it is important that a
gas company should be permitted to add this tax
to its charges to its customers, and it i:s riuhf to
do so, let itgo to its Legislaiuie and get its eiwuu-r
altered; butdonot let Congress undertake to add
to the piivileges of a State corporation. I have'
no anxiety about it further than this. I "dislike
