96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
3?th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Emancipation—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
Mr President, I wish I had the Senator at the
blackboard with me. These figures toll the story,
and they answer all his high-sounding declama-
tion about the impossibility of colonizing the an-
nual increase of this race from the United States
to the West Indies, Central or South America, or
even to Africa.
I had occasion some two or three sessions since
to ask another Senator to work out a problem
at the blackboard—I refer to Mason, of Virginia.
He had been denouncing, in terms both loud and
deep, the immense loss Virginia sustained by the
escape of fugitive slaves, fie said Virginia lost
every year $100,000. But what did the ciphers
show ? Upon the assumption that she had five hun-
dred thousand slaves, valued then at $800 each,
their value would be $400,000,000, upon which a
loss of $100,000, or of the four thousandth part,
would be only a quarter of a mil! on a dollar, or
one fortieth of one per cent. The result of this
ciphering was stated; the loss was so small, so in-
significant, so utterly contemptible, that I do not
remember to have heard the loss of property in
BlavescscapingfromVirginia ever mentioned again
here until after the beginning of this rebellion.
But to return, sir; let us look at the possibility
of colonization in another point of view. The
declaration is so often made that all the navies
of the world could not accomplish it, I will work
out another problem. The tonnage of the United
States in sailing vessels is six million five hundred
and nineteen thousand one hundred and seventy-
one tons, and (he steam tonnage is eight hundred
and thirty thousand eight hundred and eighty-five
tons. I have before me a table prepared at the
Stale Department, to which I refer for authority
I ma
spr
may, perhaps, note it as an appendix to my
, 'ech, out which I will not now take time to
read. It shows, I repeat, that our whole tonnage
is seven millions three hundred and fifty thousand
and sixty tons. The law on the subject of car-
vying passengers provides that there snail not be
carried upon vessels—
"A greater numberof passengers than in the proportion
of one to every two tons of Mich vessel, not including chil-
dren under the n| t? of one year in the computation ; and
that two children over one and under eight year* of age.
*lmH he computed a« one passenger."
If wc were to rate the capacity of the tonnage
of the United States, according to the law of the
United States, to carry passengers, making this re-
duction on account of children under eight years of
aire, one single trip of all the vessels of the United
States would lake the whole of this population.
This is, of course, an extreme case. I put it as
such, and to show the immense carrying capacity
of our mercantile marine.
Jiui, Mr. President, there is another problem that
I pjopose to examine on the blackboard. These
tables, from which 1 have read, demonstrate that
the freo negro population of the United States does
not increase one half as fast as the slave popula-
tion. With all the manumissions added, with all
the fugitives from their masters that escape to the
free States, with all that, I repeat the important
fact—1 really wish that Senator was here to cipher
with it—that the. tncreflxSe of the free colored popu-
lation h not otic half of the increase per cent, of the
slave population. From 1840 to 3Ho0, as I have
already stated, it was but IU.1G per cent., or at the
rali'of ] .25 per rout, annually. In the deeade from
1850 to it was hut 10.1)7 per cent., oraliUle
less than 1.1 per cent, annually. I shall not go
into any long statement of the reasons which pro-
duce this great difference between the amount of
increase of the free colored and the slave popula-
tion. It is enough to say that in a state of free-
dom, fimn motives of piudenee, or from other
cause, they do not marry as early; and for some
reasons there may be more deaths among their
children. In slavery, where the increase of off-
spring is an increase of wealth, the master, from
self-interest, does all in his power both to encour-
age and protect them.
'On this point 1 will refer to an address made not
long since by a gentleman now of this city, for-
merly of Maine, George 1VI, Weston, Esq. His
woik on the ptogic&s of slavery in the United
States, 1 believe, contains more facts, moie statis-
tics, and gives more information than any other
book I have ever seen on the subject. I refer to
his statements in thutaddrcss, therefore, with great
confidence in their accuracy. I have derived many
facts and figures and valuable suggestions from it,
and 1 feel called upon to give him my thanks,
while I freely avail myself of them. He says,
speaking of this difference in the increase of free
colored and slaves:
" It is by no means to be assumed, from the fact that the
free negroes, in the small numbers in which they have ex-
isted in this country during the last twenty years, have
exhibited some little natural increase, that the entire African
race existing among us would increase m the condition of
freedom. On the contrary, as we know that the education
and capacity to provide for themselves and families, of those
w1k> are now free, much exceed what is found among those
now enslaved, we must conclude that if those now tree in-
crease but slowly, if at all, those who are now enslaved
would positively diminish if they were emancipated."
What are the facts? In that section of the Uni-
ted States where the highest intellectual, moral,
and religious culture is attained; where the laws
are better observed than in any other; where the
free colored man has been longestfree, and admit-
ted to the most civil, political, and social rights;
where there are more humane asylums for every
species of the unfortunate than anywhere in the
world; where no human being is obliged to go
without shelter, food, or raiment; where his off-
spring would be best provided for, there, with all
his natural increase, with all manumissions, and
escaped fugitives, the increase of the free colored
man from 1840 to 1850 was less than 0.25 per cent,
per annum, and from 1850 to 1860, less than 0.50
per cent, per annum. I quote again:
"Tn New England, fioin 1840 to 1850, the colored race
ineieased a fraction Ics« than two per cent.; fiom 1850 to
I860, a fraction more than lour pei cent.; and in the half
eentuiy, liom 1810 to 1860, only twenty per cent., or one
filth
" The increase of fice colored persons in this country,
from 11350 to 18b0, was at the following rates:
Per cent.
Ill the free States..... 12.96
fa the slave States   8.69
In all the States 10.68
" In the- aggregate, the increase was from 424,390 to
469,709, which is a gain of 45,319, or, as bcfoie stated, of
10.68 per cent. Ilow much of it is by natuial increase may
be determined with proximate, although not exact, accu-
racy.
•' The number of slaves becoming free by escape was, in
1850, by the census of that year, 1,011, and in 1860, by the
census of that year, 803. By averaging those number*, we
have for the whole decade 9,070, which is at least equal to
all the colored persons who have left the country within
that time. There was scarce any emigration of that kind
prior to the census of 1860, except of the fugitive slaves
themselves, who seek Canada as a place of refuge. From
18-JO to 1852, a peiiod of thiity-two yeais*, only 2,720 fiee
colored pei^ons had left all the State-? for Liberia. Of late,
then; has liron some emigration of Mich persons to Mexico
and the W<M India Island-*, to avoid the stringency of the
severe legislation again* t free negiocf* in some of the slave
States. Hut without going into unnecess-aiy niceties of cal-
culation, it is apparent that the escapes fiom slavery dur-
ing the doe.uie fiom 1850 will not onlv balance all the col-
ored emanation ol'iieo poisons, but also the number of such
persons i educed lo slavery by kidnapping, or by those mod-
ern laws of some ot the States under which Iree persons
are occasionally sold into the condition of &eivitude.
"There leinams, tficn, to be deducted from the increase
of the free colored, m order to determine their natural
increase, the number gained by inanuinissions. These
amounted, in 1850, by the census of that year, to 1,467, and
in I860, by the census of that year, to 3,ul0. By averaging
those number*, we have for the whole decade 22,360 as the
sum total of manumissions, which reduces the gam of the
free colored population by natural increase to22,939, which
is five and two firths percent. Tins is between one iourth
and one lilth of the natuial incicase of the slaves, which
was quite twcnty-loui and one half per cent., namely, twen-
ty-three and one half per cent., as exhibited hy the census,
and one per cent, lost hy escapes and manumissions.
u This small hatmal mciease of the free colored iace3 as
compared with either the slave or the white population,
lias, of course, ahvay-, been known to statists. It is easily
drmoiisttalcd .is a matter of .iciual figures, and the causes
ot it are not olwnre; but neither the tact itself nor the le-
gitimate infeiences fiom it have been sufficiently insisted
upon, oi attracted the attention they deseive."
But there is another grave matter bearing upon
tin: subject of tins increase. If in New England
where most favoied by law and by public senti-
ment, his natural increase is so small, how would
it be m those States where the conflictof race, or,
if yon please, caste and prejudice, is so strong?
What would be his increase there in a state of
freedom? Jefferson declared it impossible for the
two races in large numbers to remain together
without conflict, equally free. Such is the opin-
ion of all southern men, slaveholders and non-
slaveholders. The Senators from Kentucky and
Virginia tell us that it would lead to a conflict of
race, and probably to the destruction of the weaker
race. I do not justify this conflict; I speak of facts !
existing. We must,as statesmen, deal with things i
as they are, and not assume them to be as we
would have them. I am dealing with facts and not
fancies, and would address myself to men who
think and not dream—to wise men, and not mere
poets or orators.
Senators, we are compelled to regard, as facts
bearing upon what will or will not occur, or what
should or should not be done, the feelings and the
prejudices of mankind. Ay, sir, these prejudices
are facts, stubborn, ugly facts, which cannot be
ignored. Is it not altogether probable that there
would be little, if any, increase to the colored pop-
ulation in the United States if they were all now
as free as they are in New England ? On the other
hand, Mr. Weston says:
" It is slavery, and nothing else, which multiplies the
negro in the United States. There are no maids, and no
widows, among slaves. From the time that the capacity to
bear children beams with their women, to the time when
it ends, it is ill full activity, and as if the natural passion
stimulating that function, (unrestrained as it is in the case
of the slave by moral or prudential considerations,) was not
sufficient lor tlie avarice of masters, who see an increase
of their wealth m an increase of their human stock, it is
further stimulated by rewards and promises of reward."
Now, Mr. President, this is precisely the point
where I should like to bring the Senator to the
blackboard again. Let us suppose that the slaves
were all emancipated, and that they were placed
under as good circumstances as they now are in
New England, or Wisconsin, orany of the States
where they are accepted with the most favor and
with the least objection, do not these census re-
turns, with their inexorable logic of figures, show
that, like the Indian race, they dwindle and dwarf
in the presence of the white man; that under most
favorable conditions their increase would not ex-
ceed ton per cent, in a decade, or one per cent,
annually. One per cent, upon four millions is but
forty thousand. If the annual increase would be
only forty thousand, where is the Senator's posi-
tion now? That Senator, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate of the
United States, denouncing colonization as the
most absurd idea that ever entered the head of man
or woman, a thing not to be thought of for a mo-
ment, because it is beyond the power of all phi-
lanthropy find all legislation ana of our Navy to
carry away the future increase of this population
in the United States, which, with emancipation,
would fall at once from twenty-three to ten per
cent, per decade, from ninety-three thousand five
hundred annual increase to forty thousand! Sir,
two first-class steamers from the city of New Or-
leans, and two fiom Charleston, or rather Port
Royal—for Charleston as a commercial city may
bo among the things that were, and Beaufort be-
come the future emporium of that State—these four
steamers, making their trips to the West Indies
and to the countries just across the Gulf, would
carry the whole increase of this population from
the United States twice told. It being now de-
monstrated that the colonization of more than the
annual increase is a possible thing, I next inquire,
is it practicable ?
Here is another problem in figures applied to
history, to which I would call the attention of the
Senator from New Hampshire. Previous to 1850,
the annual importation of slaves by the slave trade
from Africa into America, including Cuba, was
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred thou-
sand; and since that time, when by the armed
forces of Great Britain, the slave trade to Brazil
was broken up, the annual importation of slaves
into Cuba now, from 1850 to 1860, has been at
the rate of fifty thousand every year. The num-
ber annually stolen from Africa, brought by vio-
lence three thousand miles across the sea to Cuba
and sold there, in spite of treaties, in spite of the
fleets of Great Britain, France, and the United
States, is ten thousand more than the whole in-
crease of the colored population of the United
States would be if they were now emancipated.
If, in spite of treaties, if under the ban of piracy,
with the halter on their necks, moved by base
cupidity alone, a few obscure and outlawed men,
in face of the armed ships of the three greatest
commercial Powers of the world, can bring fifty
thousand slaves three thousand miles to Cuba,
cannot a great nation, in the interests of freedom,
humanity, and the glory of all mankind, colonize
annually forty thousand men in the best and rich-
est countries in the world, lying almost at its feet?
