594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 240, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the special Older in committee until
Monday.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gentle-
man will extend the time until Tuesday.
Mr. STEVENS. I presume some other gen-
tleman will be ready to address the committee, if
the gentleman from Ohio is not. I prefer to ad-
here to my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
J?. E. SICKLES.
Mr. NOBLE, from the Committee on Patents,
by unanimous consent, made an adverse reportin
the case of Frederick E. Sickles; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY,
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the consent of the House
to report, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
a bill to incorporate the Washington Railway
Company.
Mr. MORRIS. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope the gentleman will not
object to my teporting the bill. I merely desire
to have it printed and recommitted to the commit-
tee for verbal amendment.
Mr. MORRIS. I will not object to that.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced, read a first and second time, recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to have that bill re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late now to make that motion.
ENROLLED HILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled an act(S. No. 169)
to authorize the President of the United States, in
certain cases, to take possession of railroad and
telegraph lines, and for other purposes; when the
Speaker signed the same.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of considering the naval appro-
priation bill.
DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. FENTON. I ask whether it will be in
order to consider in committeethorcportfrom the
Committee for the District; of Columbia, relative
to admittance to the District jail, which way post-
poned until to-d.iy?
The SPEAKER. That report is in the House.
Mr. FENTON. Will it bo in order to move
to postpone that report for one week ?
The SPEAIvER. The Chair thinks not, pend-
ing the motion of the gentleman, from Pennsyl-
vania to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. SrE"VENb's motion was put, and agreed to.
So the rules were suspended. The House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state oftho Union, (Mr. McKnigitt
m the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the bill of the House (No. 24*2) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
the 30th of June,-1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending the 30th of June, 13G2.
STATE OP THE UXrON.
^ Mr. KELLE\ . Theevils of the country, Mr,
Chairman, urc^ much aggravated by the want of
leadership. The Administration would, in my
j udgment, do well to announce a policy,clear, well
defined, tind thorough, which should address itself
to the suppression of the rebellion and the punish-
ment of those who are participating m it. Such a
course would reanimate the public mind and heart;
it would inspire with invincible enthusiasm our
Army now diminishing by desertion, disease, and
death, and deteriorating from long-continued in-
action; it would invigorate the public credit; the
people would a^fain pour out their money with
confidence that it would be applied to the preserva-
tion of that portion of their property which might
remain in their possession.
For more than nine months the .people have
known that we are at war. Every family has laid,
as it were, its first-born upon the altar of the coun-
try. Every loyalState, save Maryland and Ken-
tucky, hastened to send their contingents into the
field. Many of the people of Missouri arrayed
themselves in behalf of the country, although the
authorities of the State were engagedin and pledged
to the rebellion. Every constituency has instructed
its Representative to tax their property so as to
give the Government the most abundant means for
this primary object of theirs and of the country.
Nine months and more have elapsed sincc Sumter
fell—since the secretary of war of the Davis con-
federacy announced to the world his purpose of
planting a traitor flag over this Capitol. Six hun-
dred thousand men have been put into the field in
behalf of the Republic. Yet Washington is be-
Icagured and Richmond is not. When an ex-
change of prisoners is made, we give the enemy
whoever they ask, and let them at their own
convenient season return to us whom they will,
and the enthusiasm of the people is expected to
be excited anew each morning by the announce-
ment that all is quiet on the blockaded Potomac.
Equally prejudicial is the fact, sir, that the
speeches made upon this floor for the last two or
three weeks are well calculated to produce the
impression throughout the country that there is
a difference between the President of the United
States and those who brought him into power;
that he is no longer to look for support to nis po-
litical friends, but must expect it from those who
opposed his election, and who look to the resur-
rection of that party which was a close corpor-
ation, the proprietors of which were Slidell, Ma-
son, Davis, Cobb, and half a dozen other southern
gentlemen, to whom Franklin Pierce, James Buch-
anan, and other so-called Democratic leaders be-
longed m foe; nay, sir, belonged, as the old stories
have it, the men who are supposed to have sold
their souls to the devil belonged to that person-
age, not only in fee, but with a right which should
reach through eternity. The speeches of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wadswoutii,] of
the two gentlemen fiom New York, [Messrs,
Steele and Dives?,] and of my colleague from the
Luzerne district, [Mr. Wright,] have all been cal-
culated to create this impression. They view things
from different stand-points, but they tuned their
melodies to the same key-note. I suppose that that
was accidental.
In those speeches, Mr. Chairman, changes have
been rung on the words fanatic and conservative;
and the idea has been suggested that there is such
a flung in the world as a demagogue, and that pos-
sibly one may have crept upon this floor. Sir,
the words fanaticism and conservatism are much
abused; of the demagogue nothing too vile can be
said. Fanaticism is zeal and enthusiasm for a
cause. The fanatic is frank and honest as he is
earnest. Fanaticism swells the rolls of heroes aftd
martyrs. The despised fanatic of to-day is often
the adored idol of the future. With the fanatic
the demagogue cannot be compared; they can only
be contrasted. The business of the demagogue I
is deception. Artifice, trick, and chicane are his [
means. His ways are devious and tortuous, and i
you track him by the slime he deposits as he 1
crawls. A fanatic may bless mankind; butadem- '
agogue is an evil ever and everywhere. Of the '
apostles, eleven were designated by the people of ■
then time as fanatics—the twelfth was a dema- j
goguo. lie spoke fair words and kissed, and in- !
creased his estate by thirty pieces of silver—the j
price of Ilim he kissed. I
It may be that we have fanatics and demagogues J
amongst us; but the President belongs to neither i
class* He is a conservative man, alike loyal to
the love of liberty, with which he is so plenteously
imbued, and his duty to the Constitution which
he has sworn to preserve, protect, and defend.
He is a conservative man, not in the sense in
which that word is used on the other side of the
House—not a man who came into the world one
generation too late; whose vision is from the back
;j of his head; who goes through the world as the
ij oarsman does his voyage, looking ever at the land
i he has passed, never at that which he is passing,
or the point toward which he is moving; so timid
that he dreads a crisis that would jolt him out of
the ruts of routine, and throw him upon his dis-
cretion, as^ghe mariner upon a lee shore dreads
the gales of March and November; whose more
generous instincts lie undeveloped, or are blunted
or perverted; whomistakestbe sobs of the prison-
house and the groans of the middle passage for
the sweet voices of the angelic throng who hymn
the beatitudes around the throne. Abraham Lin-
coln, sir, is a truly conservative man, invested
with the power to preserve, and he will preserve
the Constitution and the integrity of our country,
although the army called into being by his words
crush out every iniquity which that instrument
tolerates under its broad provisions. He will not
permit the Constitution, laws, ordinances, or in-
stitutions of any State to stand in the way of the
rcestablishment of the supremacy, entire and per-
fect, of the Constitution of the United States over
all its territory. The sixth article of the Consti-
tution says:
u This Constitution, and flip laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all tieaties
made, or which shall be made under the authonty ot' the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and
the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, anything in
the Constitution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."
President Lincoln will enforce this provision
with all others of the Constitution. I cannot, as
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Diyen] as-
sumed to, speak for the President by special au-
thority. He is a veracious man, and I prefer that
he should speak for himself. I refer to his first
gencralorderas Commander-in-Chief ofthe Army
and Navy. It rings with patriotic fervor:
General Order in Respect to the Battle of Mill Spring.
War Department, January 22, 1862.
The President, Cominander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, ha? received information of a brilliant victory achiev-
ed by the United States forces over a large body of armed
tiaitors and rebels, at Mill Spi m , in the State of Kentucky.
He returns thanks to the galiantofliceis und soldiers who
won that victory, and when the official reports shall be re-
ceived, the military skill and peisonal valor displayed m
the battle will be acknowledged and rewarded m a fitting
manner.
The courage that encountered and vanquished the greatly
superior numbers ofthe rebel force, pursued and attacked
them m their intrcnchmcnts, and paused not until the en-
emy wa« completely routed, merits and receives commend -
ation. The puipose of this war is to attack, pursue, and
destroy a rebellious enemy, and to deliver the country from
the danger mcnaced bytiaitois. Alacrity, daring, cour-
ageous spirit, and patriotic zeal, on nil occasions and under
evety circumstance, aie expected from the Army of the
United States. In the prompt and spirited movements and
dating battle of Mill Springthe nation will realize its hope",
and the people of the United States will rejoice to honor
every soldier and officer who proves liis courage by charging
with the bayonet and storming intrenchments In the blaze
of the enemy's fire.
By order of the President:
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Sir, while that order rings in our ears, may we
not hope that General Order No. 2 will be ad-
dressed to the officers and soldiers of the Army,
prohibiting them from usurping the functions of
the dcpuTy marshal and the commisioners of the
United States courts, and from, for fee, reward,
or other consideration, sending a free negro into
slavery, or performing such duties as the lowest
type of a polico officer shrinks from as degrad-
ing ? Some gentlemen may be disposed to quibble
about the intent of that order. If they do, I
ask their attention to two facts. One is, that the
theory of General James H. Lane, of Kansas,
is, that the only way to suppress this rebel-
lion is to have two armies simultaneously in mo-
tion—a white one moving south and a colored one
moving north. The other is, that the President
of the United States has just sent that general to
lead an independent column through Arkansas
and Texas.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman permit
me?
Mr. KELLEY. Only for the purpose of ex-
planation. I decline to yield for anything else.
Mr. YOORHEES. I rise for explanation my-
self.
Mr. KELLEY. In some of the speeches I
have referred to, it is stated to be the purpose of
a majority of this House to Africanize American
society. Sir, that is not the object of any man
on this floor. The Republican party was nofr the
advocate of reopening the slave trade. The Re-
publicans never boasted that a newly imported
African was the " noblest Roman on their plant-
