1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
ations." They have resisted, I undertake to say,
every attempt to Africanize this country.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wads-
worth,] in thG course of his remarks, said:
" You have tried, and what success have you met, in
winning away to freedom the negro? You have had your
missionaries anions them endeavoiing to instill some ideas
of freedom, &c., into thenogio mind. His idea of treedom
is thatol a state in which he will be exempt from labor."
I will not answer that proposition, but will ]ct
one of the most distinguished men of our Navy,
himself a native and a citizen of a slave State—
one whose name will stand as high upon the scroll
of American patriots as any other—answer it for
me. I hold in my hand an extract from a private
letter of his, in which, after speaking of the im-
portant information in the possession of the com-
manders of the military and naval portions of the
expedition at Port Royal, in a letter dated January
4, lb>62, he says:
" Much of this knowledge comes from a higher order of
(contrabands,' who are coming to us daily—many of them
skillful pilots in these inland waters. They serve us with
zeal, make no bargains for their remuneiation, go under
fite without the slightest hesitation; and indeed, in our
cause, aic' insensible to fear' as Governor Pickens. Some
of them are very intelligent. Onr, now on board the Wabash
as pilot, who took our boats up the Beaufoit and Cheraw
rivers, thiough brick-yards and I do not know what, paid
his master thirty-five dollars a month for his time ; and on
being asked why he cared to be free, asked lus inquirer if
he had ever read the fable of the dog and the fox. This
seems a little too blight to be true ; but if you weie to see
the man, you would not find it difficult to believe it quite
posi-ible." ********
" Then, again, the possession and occupation are com-
plete and thoiougli. The forts arc repaired , inticnchmcnts
on a veiy latge scale about finished ; gicatstore-houseshave
gone up; immense stables erecting, causing a twang to the
heai t of the poor contraband, who contrasts the comforts of
a northern boise with his own in past life; wharves are
building; the channels are buoyed ; sui veys going on; and
the waters, as it touched by some Ithunel'sbpear, are teem-
ing with the lite of the Northmen.
The gentleman from Kentucky, m the course
of his remaiks, made ine of many phrases and
of some arguments which I think he will iccon-
sider before the session is over. I quote only two
or three brief passages:
u Now, sir, I do not give in to any such intei prctation of
the Constitution as that. Not one dollat will I vote, not one
man will T grant for any such purpose, or to sustain any such
interpretation. Nay, moreysir, I will give all that my people
have, their cattle on a thousand hills, their slaves, their lands
and tenements, their lives, even to the last one of them., to
resist any attempt to enforce such a consti notion oj the Con-
stitution as that to the ruin of the people of this country."
****'< The gentleman from Ohio is dis-
posed to tieat this as a rebellion—to treat it as a wai—(if it
can he called a ioai at all)—against insurgent citizens who'-e
duties and who-se lights aie bounded by the Constitution."
I grant that it does not seem much like war here
on the Potomac, hut in the gentleman's own Ken-
tucky my constituents find it to be war, for they
are there with muskets on their shoulders, and
under commanders who believe in motion. The
gentleman says further:
" Aftei Kentucky has remained firm, notwithstanding that
ten of her southern st>ter& have gone with South Caiolma,
clinging to sister States for stiength, we want to know of
the people of the North if they ate going to nneln^p the lov-
ing arms of Kentucky, and Jimg her into that vortex which
has swallowed so many kindred States!" * * * *
"The woist course that you can pui-uc, m my humble
judgment, is to attempt to confiscate the slaves or other
pioperty of the inhabitants of the lebei States. I declare
that confiscation, without emancipation, is odious to me in
all it^ foims. To strike down the ownpiship of property in
eleven States is motion ouhj to proscube the multitude and
millions is gigantic wickedness. [ declaie that confiscation,
with compensation, is doubly odious to me, and never ean
be acceptable to my people. They will lesist it bv all law-
ful means, and to the death."
Sir,thepeopleoftheNorth do not want to throw
Kentucky oil*. The thousands of Pcnnsylvanians
who are there in arms are not there to drive her
out of the Union, but to keep her in; and under
the power of God and the Constitution they and
the men of the North will keep hei in, and in this
patiiotic work they will, I believe, have, as they
have now, the power of Kentucky to aid them, j
She has no disposition to go; and the time lias gone |
past for threatening, m her name, to nppenl innny '
other arbiter than the Supreme Court of the Uni- ;
ted States to decide upon the constitutionality,
or validity, or perpetuity of an act of Congress
approved by the President.
I will not further animadvert upon the remarks
of the gentleman. I know his generosity and loy-
altf,and can make allowance for the heat and
earnestness with which he spoke. Iam suie that
he is as willing, peisonally, to submit to the action
of Congress and the decrees of the proper courts
as any man upon this floor, notwithstanding ex-
pressions that he dropped in the heat of debate.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Steelk,]
who docs me the honor to sit near me, and whose
fancy revels in 44 forked flames," " loaded maga-
zines," " lighted torches," the " blackness of
darkness," "giants," "pigmies,""devils,"and
other such delightful objects, grew, to use his own
exquisite phraseology, "ferociously eloquent"
upon these themes. Among other things, he told
us how "sickening" it is to him to hear the " rav-
ings of fanaticism" indicate that the area of hu-
man freedom may possibly be extended, and the
prostrate and degraded rise to the stature of man-
hood. I deplore, as much as any gentleman on
this floor can do, the vertigo and nausea which
atllict the gentleman. I do not think, however,
the case is a fatal one. I am no physician; but I
think I can prescribe for the gentleman's ills. Let
there be a little change in his mental aliment. Let
him avoid the dead Lippard and the living Cobb.
Let him take, in small portions at first, the last
prayer—I do not suggest prayer because I think
death is approaching—the last prayer that Benja-
min Franklin uttered at the bar of the American
Congress, about sixty days before the death of
that great man. Let him, if this prove a tonic,
superadd a little of the will of George Washing-
ton, with a slight sprinkling of some of his let-
ters, and when he shall be somewhat invigorated,
let him look into the writings of Jefferson, the
speeches of Patrick Henry, and the speeches and
writings of other southern slaveholding leaders of
the good old times to which we all look back with
veneration, and I will guaranty that the fervor of
his paroxysms will diminish, and that he may
get through the session with tolerable comfort.
[Laughter.] He, too, supports the Administra-
tion. The gentleman from Kentucky did so also;
he pledged himself, in all emergencies, to stand
by it. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Stefu:] says: "Let us trust in God, and the
Administration which is given us for this emer-
gency." I hope God will take care of us; but he
adds:
"No doubt, if we stand firm In onr efforts to protect and
preserve our Constitution and Government in defiance of
the lavings of madmen, or the machinations und trcachcrv
of wicked ones, the Administration will help us. I will
go fm ther, and say that I believe if we are so facile as to
yield to the lushing tide of fanaticism, the Administration
will still stuve to save the Union in spite of Congress."
Inlikevein was the speech of my colleague, [Mr.
Wright.] He begins by disavowing all respons-
ibility for the Administration, lie says:
A< I have said. I had no pan in the elevation of Mr.
Lincoln to the executive chair. lie wa< not my nominee ;
he did not jocoive my vote. I had no hand m Ins eleva-
tion I a^eit, howovei—and I '-peak it not only to the
House but to the woild—that I believe Abraham Lincoln
iias a patriotic heart in his body."
His Republican constituents will be grateful to
him for that assurance. He continues:
" 1 am one
ulent, ' mrun
of those who think not onlv that lie, the Pies-
iclII,' but that he acts well."
Did lie mean to intimate thatgentlemen on this
side of the House did not think so, or had ex-
pressed doubts of it ? He tells us again:
" J camc here elected upon conservative principles; and
I say to jou, and I as'une this House, that I have not ca<-t
a solitaiy vote, since I hav° been a member upon till'- tlooi,
but what has uecoidcd with my own convictions of what
was light and piopcr to be done."
My colleague stands by the Administration?
Did he stand by it, sir, when at the extra session
he voted against direct taxation ? Did he stand by
it and wish to give it the means to carry on the
war when he resisted the tax on tea and coffee?
Sir, the 15th day of January, 1862, was a dark and
gloomy day in the life of our country. The public
credit was prostrated; the specie clause of thesub-
Tieasury bill had been suspended; the banks of
the country had suspended specie payments; there
had ceased to bo harmony between the Secretary
of the Treasury and those who had so ably co-
operated with him; the manufactories employed
on Government work stood still; the business of
the cities was suspended; the banking institutions
of the large cities sent delegations here, and mer-
chants, manufacturers, mechanics, and others sent
delegations to support them; and these patriotic
delegations implored Congress to give, by resolu-
tion or othei wise, an immediate assurance that
taxes would be levied that would afford to the
country £>150,000,000 annual income, so as to re-
vivify the public credit, and to energize the Army
and Navy and the Government of the country.
On that day, sir, thus impelled, the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Corning,] on behalf of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported a joint res-
olution pledging the two Houses of Congress to
raise by taxation $150,000,000. No sooner was
it read than the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Yal-
landigham] sprang to the floor and proposed to
postpone its consideration until the-next Tuesday
week. To postpone for thirteen days, during
which the credit of the country would have died.
And how did my patriotic friend, who a week
afterwards boasted of the patriotism of his votes,
vote upon that question? The twenty-sixth name
of those who voted for the postponement is that of
my colleague. I wonder, inasmuch as he gave us
a description of Jack FalstafF's company, and is,
doubtless, familiar with the language of the worth-
less old knight, that when he had uttered this bit of
self-complacency he did not add: " There live not
three honest men unhanged in England; and one
of them is old and grows fat." [Great laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman indulge
me a moment?
Mr. KELLEY. I will not indulge my colleague
unless it is for an explanation, which comes within
the rule. The gentleman will want further indul-
gence before I am through, and I would rather he
should take my replies all in one batch after I
shall have concluded.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman yield
to his colleague?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not.
Mr. WRIGHT. Why, I yielded to the gentle-
man the other day when I had the floor, and not
for explanation at all.
Mr. KELLEY. I know the gentleman did,
and I saw the discomfiture that resulted from it,
and took a lesson.
Mr. WRIGHT. Well, I shall know better in
future.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman proceeded to
quote the President's proclamation and to com-
ment upon it. I had thought the language of that
proclamation very direct and simple. The Pres-
ident says:
'k I deem it pioper to say that the first servlcc assigned to
the forces hereby called loith will probably be to repossess
the fort?, places, and propeity which have been seized fiom
the Union ; and in eveiv event the utmost care will be ob-
served, consistently with the objects afoiesaid, to avoid any
devastation, any de&uuetion of or Interfeience with prop-
erty, or any disturbance of peaceful citizens in any pait of
the country."
Commenting on that passage, the gentleman
says:
'• What did the President mean by alleging, when he
called a military lorce into the field,that theie should be no
mteilcience whatever with property of any kind? Sir, if
he meant anything, he meant that this Question of slavery
agitation should be let alone; oi, in his own language, that
there should be no mtciforencc with propeity."
Sir, that may have been the President's mean-
ing. I do not think it was. That it was is pos-
sible; for genius has its eccentricities and litera-
ture its curiosities. But, sir, if such was his mean-
ing, he ought to have borrowed the measure, as
well as the logic, of the mad nursery rhyme:
" Mothei, may I go in to swim ?
Yes, my darling daughter;
Hans your clothes on a hickoiy limb,
But don't go near the watci."
An aimy of seventy-five thousand men called
out to repossess forts, to regain the largest and
best cannon of the country, to use the heaviest
guns that can be cast, the sharpest swords, the
furthest-reaching rifle—called out for martial pur-
poses, and pledged to injure no property. "Kill
these men; but take care that you do it without
cutting their pantaloons, for they are property."
" Break their arms; but on your peril don't hurt
their coats." "Get back this property; but on
your peril don't cause one of them to lose a pair
of shoes by flight." I say that that is going to
swim, while you are avoiding the water. The
President was guilty of no such absurdity. Hon-
est fanaticism, or honest conservatism, can put
no such construction on his language. Proceed-
ing on this disingenuous theory, the gentleman
says:
'• I vent use to sav that there are hundreds and thousands,
who compose the rank and file ot that Army, who would
h ave il ju-si as boon as thev weie imoiim d that its mission
was not to put down rebellion, but to emancipate slaves."
And when, at a later period, he reiterated this
suggestion, I could not abstain from asking him
