*£578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
on four millions of bales, which is below the aver-
afefi for 'the last five years, reckoning this year at
five millions. Suppose we raise but thr^e millions
this year, there will be eight millions of bales of
cotton to be exported within the next eighteen
months, and it is a great object to get three quar-
ters of a cent a pound on it. it will come to more
than $30,000,000.
The Senator aslcs what certainty there is in
getting this tax out of the manufacturers. Sup-
pose he is right that thecotton is to be destroyed:
what will become of your manufacturers? You
will not a get a brass pin out of them. But 1 do
not believe this property will be destroyed. The
Senator's argument proves too much, if anything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose there will be
enough for the manufacturers in this country.
They only use about seven hundred and fifty
thousand bales.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do you suppose, if the mar-
kets are opened to the world, that we are going
to get all the cotton that goes out? I doubt
whether we shall get the first. I think the first
cotton of any magnitude that goes out will go to
Europe. We shall get a few hundred bales up
the river. I have no manner of doubt that we
shall begin to receive cotton in large quantities in
the course of the next month. It is just as certain
that we can get the duties on the cotton as that we
can get the tax on the cotton goods, and 1 think
we shall get both after we get the mills going.
Long before we come here again, we shall get a
large tax from cotton. I hope the Senate will re-
consider the vote and try it. 1 call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall detain the Senate
but a moment on this question, and lam sorry
that we cannot have a full Senate upon it, and
settle it at once and forever. I hope the Senate
will reconsider this vote, and place a duty of three
fourths of a cent a pound upon cotton.
Mr. GRIMES. And adopt the rest of the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will be n matter for
consideration hereafter. I want to adopt a por-
tion of his amendment. 1 have taken up no time
on this bill. I have some general views about it
which guide my action. 1 am very much inclined
to support substantially what 1 understand to be
the proposition of the Senator from Rhodelsland,
and that is: to strike out from this bill a great
many of the subjects of taxation which are in it.
I think it very desirable to simplify it. I think
wo are taxing a great deal too many articles. It is
difficult to understand it; I do not profess to un-
derstand it well. There is so much of it that I
think Senators hardly comprehend it, and the
people of the country never will understand it.
We are taxing a great many small articles from
which we shall, at best, deiive but vety little
money, and I think it would be desirable, if we
could, to raise the tax upon cotton and the lead-
ing articles. We have now in the bill a very
heavy tax upon the West in the shape of a tax
upon whisky, which is a tax upon corn. I know
entlemen give whisky a bad name; the " mad-
og" cry is raised against it, and it is said you
maytax it as much as you please; and it is argued
here as if all the whisky manufactured in the
country was sold by the dram, and it is said that
it makes no difFetence whether you tax it ten
cents a gallon or n dollar a gallon, for nearly all
that is made upon it is profit.
This is only true to a limited extent. I find
there is a very great difference of opinion among
men who profess to have a knowledge on this
subject as to the quantity of whisky which is
drank. Many persons hold that not one half of
the whisky manufactured is diank, but it goes
into alcohol, and is used for manufacturing pur-
poses and in various other ways. In regard to
that I have no opinion of my own, but I am satis-
fied that by putting this heavy tax upon whisky
you do impose a tax upon corn, say what you
will about it. It will not all be paid by th c con-
lt will diminish, perhaps, the quantity of
whisky which is produced in the country; and
if so, it will diminish the demand for corn which
js raised m the country.
I am not now,however,going to argue against
what has been settled by the Senate upon this
subject; and 111 voting for the reconsideration, I
do so with the hope that the tax upon cotton
S
may be increased, and in increasing the tax upon
cotton, and putting a tax, as I hope will be done,
upon the sales of wholesale dealers to some ex-
tent, as has been proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island, I think we can in that way collect
the necessary revenue and avoid the taxation of
a great many articles of minor importance, and
thus simplify the bill and have a measure that
will be more satisfactory to the country.
These are my general views about it, and it is
on this principle that I shall vote to reconsider
the amendment by which a tax of half a cent was
imposed upon cotton, with the hope of raising it
to three quarters of a cent. I do not wish to take
up time, but shall be glad, just as glad as the
Senator from Maine, if we can have a full Senate
and settle the thing; once and forever.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to this cotton
question, we shall be all at sea if wc reopen it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We will not reopen it;
let us vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well.
Mr. ICING. I desire to say that I shall vote
for the motion because I think the tax upon cot-
ton is not so high as it ought to be. 1 would pre-
fer a cent a pound; but this is a proposition to raise
it, and for that reason I vote for the motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Harris, Howard,
King, Simmons, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilmot—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Biowning, C'iaik, Collamer, Cowan,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden. Foot, Grimes, Howe, Lane
of Indiana, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Pom-
croy, Powell, Rice, Sherman, Stark, Sumnei, Ten Eyck,
Wade, Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wnght—26.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to be informed whether
the amendment proposed by the Senator from New
York, on page 67,in regard to wholesale and retail
dealers has been acted on. It was offered in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and I did not know whether
it had been taken up and acted upon in the Senate.
Mr.HARRIS. Ithasnotbcen; butl was going
to call it up.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
Mr. HARRIS. I renew that amendment, to
inset t, on page 67, after line fifty-nine of section
sixty, the following words:
Every person whose business or occupation is fo s**II or
offer to sell groceues or any goods, ware*, oi merchandise,
of foreign or domestic pioduction, by more than one ori-
ginal package oi piece at one time to the same purehasei, not
moludin" wine*, spirituous or malt liquors, whose annual
sale-* Mial! not exceed the sum of ,$.)0,000, shall be deemed
for all the purposes of this act to he a retail dealer, and
shall pay a license of ten dollar. Every retail dealei \vho«u
annual s tie-* shall amount to ^50,000, shall be deemed for
all the purpose< of this act as a wholesale dealer, and shall
pay a license of fifty dollais.
Mr. GRIMES. As I read this bill, theie is a
large class of persons who will be compelled to
pay licenses both as wholesale and retail dealers.
For instance: a man engaged in retailing sells oc-
casionally by the package, and under "the sixth
clause of this section, where he sells more than
one original package or piece at one time, he must
take out a license as a wholesale dealer; then,
again, if he sells at retail under the fifth clause he
^compelled to pay as a retail dealer, because the
fifty-seventh section on the Gist page says:
That in every case where more than one o( the pursuits,
employment*, or occupations hereinafter described, shall
he puisued or earned on in the same place, by the same
peison. at the tame time, except as therein mentioned,
license nue-t be taken out for each according to the lates
sevetally prescubed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the Senator over-
looks this clause on the 67th page:
Cut having taken out a license as a wholesale dealer,
such person may also sell as aloresaid as a retaiiei.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not observe that. The
purposeof this amendment is to have some sort
of equality between wholesale merchants and the
rich retail dealeis who retail an amount of goods
equal to what some wholesale dealers sell at whole-
sale and make much greater profits. It seems to
me that they ought to be put on comparative terms
of equality.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer to that is
simply that this bill divides men into classes, and
confusion will be created if yon mix them up.
It will not do, because one man in one class who
does not pay so much happens to be richer than
another man in another class who pays more for
his license, to mix them up. Thei;e can be no
gradation of licenses unless you divide them into 1
classes, and you must follow some general rule.
If there is a rich retailer who makes large profits,
he pays on his income, while the wholesale dealer
who does not make any profits has no income to
pay on. That equalizes the thing.
Mr. GRIMES. But suppose neither makes
any profit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then a difference of
twenty-five dollars is not enough to kill anybody.
When a man takes out a license, he generally
knows what he is about.
Mr. HARRIS. In addition to the objections
made to the provision, as it now stands, by the
Senator from Iowa, I have this difficulty about it,
that the definitions of" wholesale" and " retail"
dealers contained in this act are so imperfect that
they will not do justice to the traders. There are
very few retail dealers who do not occasionally sell
a whole package, it may be of pins, or it may be
of cotton goods; and if a retail merchant sells a
whole package of anything, he must take out a
fifty dollar license under this bill, or else act in
violation of the law. The definition of wholesale
dealer here is too narrow to answer the purpose;
that is the trouble; and to remedy that it is pro-
posed that if a man does not sell more than $50,000
worth of goods, he shall not be compelled to pay
fifty dollars for a license, but may take out a ten
dollar license as a retailer.
Mr. COLLAMER. How can he tell in ad-
vance what amount he is going to sell?
Mr. HARRIS. There are a thousand cases in
this bill wheieyouanticipatewhat a man is going
to do. A man knows pretty nearly what his busi-
ness is going to be, and he takes out a license ac-
cordingly; butif he sells more than $50*000 worth
of goods he violates the provisions of this bill. I
put the case the other day of a man who deals in
paper-hangings who sells $20,000 worth of goods
in a year. I know such a case; perhaps he does
not sell more than ten or fifteen thousand dollars
worth. Shall he take out a wholesale license be-
cause he sells his goods in whole packages? Ac-
cording to this bill he would be compelled to do
so, whilp a man alongside of him, who sells
$500,000 worth of goods in a year, would take
out a ten dollar license. It is not right. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS— Mcssts. Gtlines, Ilailan, Harris, Howe, King,
MoDougall, Sherman, Staik, Sumnei, and Trumbull—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamei, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot. Foster, Hale. Howard, Lane of Indiana, Latham,
Morrill, Nesuiith, Pomeioy, Rice, Simmons, Ten Eyck,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wiliey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wright—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the pro-
viso from section eighty-six, page 125, which
reads as follows:
Provided, That upon such portion of said gains, profits,
or income, whethei subject to a duty, as piovided in this
act. of tin ee per cent, or of five per cent, which shall be
deuved from interest upon notes, bonds, or other securi-
ties of the United States, there shall bo levied, collected,
and paid u duty not exceeding ono and one halfof one per
cent., anything in thisactto the contrary notwithstanding.
My simple purpose is to let the revenue deriva-
ble from Government securities stand on the same
basis with revenue derived from any other sources
whatever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the same ques-
tion that was argued in committee, in reference
to the policy of the country.
Mr. GRIMES. I know it, and upon that ques-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 31; as follows:
YMAH—Grimes, Ilowe, Pomcioy, Sherman, and
Wnght—5.
NAYS—Messts. Anthony, Crowning, Carlile, Chandler,
Claik, Collamer, Cowan. Davi-!, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hale, jlailaii, Harris, Howard, King, Lane of Indi-
ana, Latham, MeDougail. Nesimth, Rice, Simmons, Staik,
Sumnei,Ton Evek, Tiumbuli, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiiley,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to propose two or three
amendments, with a view to perfect the bill,
which 1 believe will be.unobjcctionable. On page
5, section five, line five, I propose to strike out
" public," and insert u such;" and then in line
six to strike out all after the word " thereof,"
and insert ii as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall prescribe;"so as to read*" giving
