1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
States the masses meeting and haranguing each
other upon the subject of the oppressions of the
General Government? No, sir, you heard no such
thing. Protection to life, libeity, and property-
had been secured to all. They did not assemble to
protest against the violation of personal and private
rights by the Government. No such oppression
had been manifested. Whence then did this re-
bellion spring? From men in power; from an
unholy spirit of ambition; an insatiable thirst for
a continuation of power; and from nothing else.
The masses were finally led, by designing men, to
believe their guarantied rights would be assailed;
and yielding to the dominating will of the conspir-
ators, under the gaib of revolution, the lieresy of
secession governed their action.
If that was the case, what acts led them to that
step? They looked to a peiiod not far di.sta.nt
when there would he placed in the presidential
chair a man in opposition to their views, and
holding to a policy different from the southern
policy hitherto expressed and adverse to the con-
tinuation of their power. And in anticipation of
their removal from power in the future, they were
led to scekpowerclsewhere,and theiefore rebelled
against the Government, which made them power-
ful, and adopted the hereticaldoctune of secession.
Mr. Chairman, I address this body in no spirit
of bad feeling, for I entertain none such towards
any member on this floor. I speak of the dom-
inant party of this House with pleasure, when I
refer to its past acts. I do it because I respect
the motives of the members of that party, i re-
spect their principles so far us they will adhere m
their action to the constitutional rights of all the
citizens of this great Government. When the
nomination of the present incumbent of the ex-
ecutive chair, for the positiun he holds, was made,
wc find the convention then sitting at Chicago
adopted a platform which contained the following
language:
"The FedPial Constitution, the fii?hK of the States, anil
the Union of the Hutcs, mu.-t and -.hall bo pi ."served ; and
we asi-eit tnillis to be seU-cvidetiV kc.
" 4. That the maintenance inviolate ot the i i^ht^ o! States,
and especially the light oi each Stale to oider and control
its own domestic institutions, according to its own judg-
ment, exclusively, is essential to that balance of power on
which the peifecuoii and enduianre ot oui political fabric
depends; and we denounce the !a\vle.-s invasion by aimed
foico of'the aoii of any fcftate oi Tomrory, no matter under
vvnat pretext, as among the gravest ol ciimes."
The recognition, Mr. Chairman, in that lan-
guage, of the rights of the southern States, if I may
use the expression, to enjoy any institution which
may be suited to their notions, governed by their
own internal regulations which were no infringe-
ment upon the Constitution of the United {States,
is fully made. Such was the policy recognized
by the platform upon which the present incum-
bent of the executive clidii was ele\atcd to the
position he now holds.
But is this ail? Dmmg the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress a proposition to amend the Constitution of
the United States was passed by a two-thirds vote,
embracing in the members who passed it a large
body of those occupying positions in the Repub-
lican party, which declared in substance that the
Constitution thus amended by that piopo^tion,
should secure, in all future time, the South against
any interference or disturbance with slavery in the
States. That, sir, was the policy then adopted,
then recognized, then established as a doctrine of
the Republican party. I ask you if that wa« not
your reeognized policy'1 You answer that it was.
My friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin*!;,] who
some days atro addressed the eoniunft"e, icterred
you to a resolution passed by tins Hon.se on the
11th da v of February last, on motion of .Mr, Sii>/it-
man of Ohio, by a unanimous vo'e:
" Resolverf. Tliat neithf,i Consn e>- ljoi the people oi <rov-
eimnentof any uoiv-hivehoUlum Sta;.- L,i- the "oa-uni-
1ion.il i j^hr to j.'ti'-l-U" upon oi to mtei icie wiUi --Lively in 1
any slavelioldnig r^tau m the l/moii.5* j
That res ikition was, aw I hav f.nd, nulors.'d j
by the unanimous vote of this Hou*e. Ijm did ,
you stop there ? When the proclamation of the j
President was issued on tin* ] )th of April last, 1
what did he mdoi&e? He said to the public that ;
there was m existence a great and overpowering
rebellion m the land that could not be overcome !
by the eivil autlioi inox. He called loitU from the
loyal Sratcs seventy-five thousand men lo quell
and crush out that rebellion. \Vhateh-.e did he ,
say? That in the doing of it the pel sons so em- >
ployed were "to avoid any destruction and any
devastation of or interference with property, or
any disturbance of peaceful citizens in any part
of the countiy." The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania who addressed the committee to-day [Mr.
Kelley] asks, "whether this means that there
should be no interference with the property used
to hold the public forts which the Army was to
retake5 Whether, in quelling the rebellion, the
troops in the service of this Government are not
to destroy the property which the men in rebellion
interpose to sustain them in their rebellious posi-
tion? Whether, when you are to fire upon the
rebel army, you are to take care that you do not
injure the clothing or other property of the men
you fiie at?" In other words, whether you are
required to take (i your pound o/JIesh," but at the
same time not to shed " one drop of blood ?" How
preposterous! I say that it is giving to the Pres-
ident a position of childishness thus to argue.
What did he mean? He meant that you should
not destroy or interfere with private property in
the enforcement of your authority, unless that
property was used for the purposes of the rebellion.
In his inaugural address, he said to this great
nation that, so far as our rights arc concerned,
all the laws should be executed, that he would
enforce, among the others, the "fugitive slave
law." Did he not then recognize slaves as prop-
erty, when he said that "property" should not
be interfered with in reconquering the forts and
arsenals taken from the Government by the men
m rebellion, unless it was such as was used
against the Government? He declared in that
proclamation of the 15th of April, that the men
then called out should not be used to disturb the
property of private citizens in accomplishing the
great purposes of their mission? Did he not then
recognize slaves as property, not to be interfered
with? Did he not recognize them as such in his
declaration that all the laws of the United States
shall be faithfully executed? Did he not recog-
nize them as such m the oath which he took to
support and defend the Constitution of the United
States ? Did he not mean in his proclamation that
inasmuch as the fugitive slave law stood upon the
statute-book, upon the records of the country as
the law of the land, that as such it should be faith-
fully executed ? Heccrtainlymeantallthat. Then
he recognized slaves as property, and in pronoun-
cing in that proclamation that property should not
be mierfered with, slaves were included as well as
other species of property.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow mo
to ask a question ?
Mr. DUNLAP. Excuse me, if you please.
This, 1 admit, is an "open field and a lair fight."
But Kentucky, liberal and fair us she is, has been
touched divers times in the course of the discus-
sions m this House, and asks now to defend. I
hoj>e it was not done with a purpose to disturb
her relations Willi other States represented m this
House. She is true and loyal to the Union, and
will ever remain a defender of the Constitution.
[Jut, AIr. Chairman, I will remark again, that
after the President had called out and organized
those seventy-five thousand men,in many respects
upon Ins responsibility, he called together the Con-
grrss of the United States to &iv<: their indorse-
ment to his prust acts, and to assist him in the fu-
turc m crushing out the lebeihon, then, becoming
great and powerful in its proportions We met
1 lore on the 4th of July, m obedience to his requi-
sition. Upon lus request wc extended that Army
to half a nnlbon. We went even beyond his de-
mand. Kentucky indorsed those acts. I main-
tain that during that called session,no membercan
point to a word said upon this floor upon the ques-
tion of slavery. Is there any man heie who sup-
poses t b is  i cat A i my was organized to put down
this rebellion by making war upon slavery.'' A
member ftom Illinois announced that there were
veiy f'-w in that State in favor of making adiv-'-r-
sion of this wai to a w.ir on slavery: that when
publicity was driven to the s'-ntnnonts of the late
Secretary of War in favor of making this a war
upon slavery, five regiments ft oin that State threw
down their arms, stacked them, and declared that
they weic not employed to moke war upon sla-
very, or any other institution of the Souih, but to
put down the rebellion.
Mr. ARNOLD. Wiil the gentleman allow me
to esk him a question?
Mr. DUNLAP. I cannot yield the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the .gentleman will
permit me to ask what regiments they were.
Mr. DUNLAP. I was told it by a gentleman
upon this floor who is responsible for what he
says. The member who made the statement was
Colonel Logan.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish the gentleman wauld
allow me to say a single word. I th4nfc the gen-
tleman is mistaken.
Mr, DUNLAP. I refer the gentleman to his
colleague, who is my authority for what I have
stated. I cannot be interrupted.
Mr. ARNOLD. I appeal to the gentleman to
give way for a moment. I believe that the gen-
tleman must have been mistaken in the declaration
lie attributes to my colleague.
Mr. DUNLAP. I have the indorsemenfofsev-.
eral gentleman who heard Colonel Logan make
the statement. If I mistaken, of course I will
stand corrected; but the statement was made in the
presence of my colleague, [Mr. Menzies,] in the
presence of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
F. A. Conkling,] and others.
Mr. HARDING. I heard the gentleman make
the statement my colleague has repeated.
Mr. DUNLAP. I will state that the informa-
tion I received in relation to those Illinois regiments
was received from my colleague who heard the
statement of Colonel Logan-, and a few moments
ago informed me of it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not desire
to interrupt the gentleman; but 1 hope he will al-
low me to ask whether the statement he attributes
to my colleague was made in debate upon this
floor, or whether it was a private statement? I
have no wish to enter into this discussion; but I
think there has been some misapprehension in
regard to this statement.
Mr. DUNLAP. I will yield to my colleague,
who will answer the gentleman.
Mr. MENZIES. The statement was made in
my hearing, not publicly upon the floor, but in
the hearing of some four or five others, and among
them the gentleman from New York, [Mr. F. A.
Conkling.] There was no privacy about it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I did not mean
to impute any violation of private conversation.
I only wanted to kno>v whether it was uttered in
the debates of the House or a casual conversation.
Mr. MENZIES. It was in conversation, and
not upon the floor.
Mr. DUNLAP. Mr. Chairman, I feel that I
would be but doing justice to our soldiers in the
field, to the number of half a million, for the de-
fense of the Union, if I stated that they would be
almost unanimous against converting this into a
war against the few slave States who are proud
to remain in this Union. I speak with kindness.
I do not care to appeal to the sympathy of any
man. I appeal to that immutable, that eternal
principle of justice which ought to prompt the
human heart to wise judgments at all times. Let
us remain quiet with our institutions. Disturb
them not. They do not disturb you. You enjoy
all the freedom under this Government that you
desire. Let Kentucky share the like freedom.
She js my native State. I have loved her in the
past. I am devoted to her in the present. I am
hopeful for her destiny in this Union. Out of it,
I know that her fate is sealed forever.
Put to proceed. I have assumed, sir, that dur-
ing the called session of Congress this great dis-
; tnrbing question did not agitate the public mind.
I We are engaged in a great cause, and do not let
' us dilfer among ourselves until the integrity of this
! Union has been vindicated. Let side issues be
abandoned for the present. Let us go with all of
our energies to successfully terminate the struggle
in which we are engaged for human liberty.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
\kxs] made use of this suggestion:
'• Hut it will he '-aid that the Constitution does not  u-
thon/e Congie^ to lmoiteie vith slaveiv in the States
That is true, j-o loiej a* the Constitution and laws are s>u-
pienie. as in time- ot peace, when they can be maintained
In tiit uuhiiaiy tuhunals ot the country."'
Mr. Chairman, what a thought, what a senti-
ment to bo uttered by perhaps the most aged man
upon this ilooi! that we have a Constitution that
is flexible, that is changeable, that is elastic; that
to-day, m a time of peace, it must be administered,
and to-morrow, in time of war, it is not to be ad-
ministered. I have been taught that that instru-
, ment is as sacred as tiie Bible itself, so far os na-
