598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
tionalityin this (government is concerned. I have
been taught that every principle contained in it
was as holjr as Holy Writ itself. I have been
taught that it is the basis upon which this Gov-
ernment is founded. Destroy that basis and down
falls the superstructure. I hold that the man who
utters the sentiment upon this floor, that one jot
or one tittle can be severed from that instrument
is in reality as rebellious as the man who tram-
ples the whole under his feet.
And he tells us, further, to carry out his scheme,
that when Hannibal was at the gates of Rome,
the Roman senate emancipated the slaves of the
people, and that they joined the Romans to help
them to fight the enemy. He tells you that Mos-
cow, with her imperial palaces, was burnt to ashes
rather tJian they should be allowed to fall into the
hands of the enemy. He tells us that the Czar
of Russia has liberated, witlyn a short time past,
forty millions of slaves against the will of the
nobles. Admit it all. But, sir, he does not tell
us that Rome or Russia had a written constitution,
with guarantees thrown around property in every
section of whatever character. He does not toll
us that they had the cegis of the Constitution over
them to protect property from spoliation and de-
struction—property in the North as well as in the
South. Therefore, while his argument is specious
for his favorite theme of the emancipation of the
slaves, still it is not practical; it is not appropriate;
it is an argument, sir, which does not reach the
American heart which adores the Constitution,
which we all are proud to obey. The hundreds
of thousands now in the field have sworn to main-
tain that Constitution, and to protect every man in
his right under it. It is fixed and known to all.
Jt is sanctioned by all the people. But the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania would make a wet-
weather instrument of it; to be this thing to-day
and an entirely different thing to-morrow. Such
a position will not, I think, meet with any great
measure of approval, even upon his own side <bf
the House.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van"
Horn,] who addressed this committee fiom the
same stand-point, uttered this sentiment:
" The early and prompt action ofthe/ree States was what
saved this capital, the Government unci the Union, while
Kentucky was seeking to avoid the struggle by occupvmg
an ignominious neutrality. That neutrality was itselt trea-
son."
I regretted to hear the sentiment. I will not
hurl it back with the spirit of malignity or venge-
ance. No, sir, the kindness of iny heart would
not permit me. But permit me to say that I have
been taught in the past that treason was commit-
ted by overt act. I have been taught that silence
or inaction was not treason; that treason maybe
in the heart, but that until it is developed it is not
treason. Kentucky was neutral for a time. She
knew well that,asa border State,she would be the
battle-field; that in case of war her fields would
be devastated and ensanguined with the blood of
her sons. She resorted, therefore, to every means
to stay the horrors ofeivil war. Horgreat " Com-
moner," who now sleeps beneath the sod in the
cemetery at Lexington, the spot chosen by him-
self in the houfr of declining nature, with the eter-
nal world spread out before him, thrice allayed
the storm of disunion. Thrice did he,hke an
angel of peace, quiet the disturbing elements. He
silenced discord and strife, lie preserved the in-
tegrity of the Union. In obedience to his wise
counsels, Kentucky did, for a time, remain neutral.
She appealed to the government of the so-cailcd
confederate States to stay the hand of strife, spy-
ing peace, peace, be still." She implored fui
quiet again and again. Butsvhen her borders were
assailed, she developed the energies of her people
for the defense of the Union. My colleague, [Mr.
Menzies,] the other day, pointed to Kentucky's
motto. Behold that escutcheon suspended above us
in the sunlight of heaven—" United we stand, di-
vided wo tall;" two brothers, with eyes of fire and
hearts of love, grasping each other's hands, sav-
ing: " We will stand by the Union for weal or
for woe." How beautiful, how emblematical, it
stands as a warning to her delegation on this floor
to preserve the Union inviolate. The Kentuckian
who would tr.'imple that motto m the dust, or lend
his aid to sevn* this Government, does not wear a
patriot's heart.
The gentleman from Now York [Mr. Van
Horn] says that " itis too late in the day to make
an argument in favor of slavery, as it stands con-
demned before the whole world as an unmitigated
villainy—the enemy of freedom and constitutional
liberty." Does he reflect upon me, or upon my
colleagues, or upon my State by that declaration ?
No. He goes to the graves of the fathers of the
Constitution. He wakes up their sleeping spirits,
and thus personified rebukes them with the terri-
ble denunciation, your act is one of" unmitigated
villainy;" " you have built up this great Govern-
ment, but in so doing you have incorporated into
it a principle destructive of its hopes and its for-
tunes." That is the effect of his argument.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] after quoting the Constitution, thus:
" No person shall bo deprived of life, liberty, or property,
but by due ptocess ot law.
" Nor shall piivate property be taken for public use with-
out just compensation.
" In all criminal piosccutions the accused shall enjoy the
right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of
the State and dxstuct whciein the came is. committed;"
uses this argument:
" When, to provide for the common defense, you levy a
tax, as recommended by this resolution, upon the private
propeity of the citizen, and in default of its payment dis-
train, sell, and transfer his property to the stranger, not by
the process of your courts, but by the summary action of
assessors and collectors, you take private property for public
use by due process of law, but without compensation."
I did not expect one learned in the law, I did
not expect one who made the study of law his
profession, to take such a position on this floor.
The taxes which we have levied, or which we
shall order to be levied upon citizens for the sup-
port of the Government must be, and will be,
collected; how collected ? By the ordinary pro-
cess of law. But he says there is no compen-
sation. Sir, the protection of life, liberty, and
property which the Government gives to the cit-
izen is a fair compensation for the use of his
property for the support of the Government. The
Government levies upon it if it is not yielded up
without a levy, and it is thus appropriated.
But I will not press this argument further. I
will refer the House to the speech of my friend
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield.] His con-
stitutional argument is invulnerable and invinci-
ble; and I must say of him and of his State, as
did the "Sage of Ashland" in bygone days: " God
bless little Rhody; she is always right."
But I go further. There are gentlemen upon
this floor who have uttered sentiments m favor of
universal emancipation and colonization. Is that
the policy to be adopted here ? With what pride,
with what feelings of approbation, did I listen to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
a few days ago when he rose from his seat and
stated that there had been such enormous pecula-
tions and frauds perpetrated upon the Treasury
of the United States that the Government, like a
strong man borne down with an overpowering
burden, was staggering under the load, and was
fast sinking into ruin. That committee deserves
of this House the plaudit: " Well done, good and
faithful servants;" and though they may not be
able to return to the Treasury of the United States
the losses which the Government sustained by
| fraud and corruption, they have made a record,
. by their investigations, which have doomed the
peculators, and those who rob the Treasury, to
the darkness of night, and erected a light-house to
i honest men. We have no Treasury to carry out
the pro posed scheme of emancipation. Let us hus-
band our resources; let us concentrate all our en-
ergies; let us strengthen the credit of the Govern-
ment; let us as civilians cease to manage the war by
attempting to control the military arm; letussup-
j! ply the wants ofoursoldiers,give tlieni confidence;
i| and let the Union of the States constitute the ele-
\\ vated aim of our highest, our proudest aspirti-
i tions. From these piaiseworthy objects let us not i
j be diverted. '
!' But there is another party in this House in favor
j! of emancipating and arming the slaves. I trust
j, the members will be very few who will record
,j their votes in favor of such a proposition whtrn-
ever the question is taken upon it. But such a
i sentiment has existed and docs prevail here. The
; fiee States have nineteen millions of population,
, while the slave States have eight millions of whites
j and four millions of slaves. But that is not all.
I Where stands Tennessee to-day ? Though borne
| down by the incubus of secession; though borne
, down by a military despotism, her loyal heart
i is only stifled, and volcanic like, will soon burst
forth, when from the center to the utmost limits
of the State, the cry will be, " the Union for-
ever!" as our armies extend their protecting
hand. And here, at my right, stands the Repre-
sentative from Missouri [Mr. Rollins] to plead
her cause. His people to-day are contending
manfully with an implacable and internal- foe
who are making war upon the institutions which
made his powerful State, while at the same time
they are environed with another foe equally threat-
ening and dangerous. True to their duty, the
Union heart will act and dispute every inch of
ground, until that State shall be redeemed and dis-
enthralled from the oppression of the rebel power
which now embarrasses her hopes.
Again let me allude to my own State. Yes, she
is loyal, and ever will be. If she has disloyal
citizens within her borders, be it so; it cannot be
helped. I confess it to my shame; but they are
not all so—one hundred and ten thousand votes
for the Union out of one hundred and forty-six
thousand show that she is loyal and true to the
Union. Has she everbeen disloyal? Sir,go with
me to the battle-fields of Buena Vista, Tippeca-
noe, Raisin, Dudley's defeat, and the fields where
chivalry has been displayed since Kentucky's
birth, and there the blood of a Clay, a Willis, a
Hardin, a McKee, Joe Davis, and others, rises
up from the ground and rebukes my friend from
New York, [Mr. Van Horn,] who says that Ken-
tucky is disloyal, and has manifested by her con-
duct treason to the country and the Government.
Add the loyal citizens of Tennessee, Missouri,
Delaware,Maryland, Virginia, and Kentucky,to
the population of the free States, and our number
will be twenty-two million, against five million.
With four and a half to one, can we not conquer
this rebellion ? Shall we emancipate and arm the
slaves, four million in number? Do we need their
aid? Shame on such a thought; it is a reflection
upon our courage; their use in arms would be con-
demned by all christianized and civilized nations.
But there is a third party here who would lib-
erate the slaves of rebels and turn them loose upon
society. What will be the effect of such an act?
Turn loose the rebel slaves in Kentucky.and will
they not demoralize the slaves of the loyal men ?
Will they not disturb all the relations which ex-
ist within the quiet and peaceful families of the
entire State? Yes, such will be the effect. You
tell me there is no fear to be entertained from the
freedom of the slaves. Sir, when you demoral-
ize the slaves of Union men by those you would
set free, you will bring about incendiarism, death,
and destruction to the loyal men of the whole
State, and destroy all the social relations which
now exist. Every proposed scheme of emanci-
pation above, is in violation of the Constitution,
and should be universally condemned for its injus-
tice.
But suppose you pass your emancipation law.
It is the duty of the President to see that all the
laws are faithfully executed. He is bound to ex-
ecute such a law if you pass it. If the loyal and
disloyal masters of the South adhere to their right
to maintain their own institutions, and deny the
right of the Executive to execute the law, the
President will be met with resistance. To what
extent 1 do not know; but if they do resist, one or
both, the President will take the Army and Navy
to put down opposition to the enforcement of the
law. When he attempts to do that you have a
second war in the nation. You have now a great
war,with six hundred thousand men arrayed upon
the part of the Union to suppress this rebellion,
and you have half as many, or more, in the re-
bellious States in opposition to you; and if you
send forth the national forces to enforce such a
law, you will have to double the force which the
nation now has.
Sir, I think if there is any evil greater than
another, it is that of demoralizing the slaves of
loyal men, by the slaves of disloyal men set free.
And such will surely be the result, and to the ex-
tent I have mentioned, if you adopt the policy to
which I have referred.
It was my purpose, when I rose, to speak upon
another topic; but I see that I cannot dispose of
it in the time allotted to me. I will therefore close,
begging you, in the spirit of all kindness, to ad-
here to the Constitution, and to stand by it, which
is the fountain of justice to us all.
I now will yield to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. F. A. Conkling,] to make a state-
