2580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
coratpain the twenty-first line of the section, after
the word " advertisements," and striking out the
comma after the word " manufactured," in the
same line, it will read, " or derived from adver-
tisements, or any articles manufactured on which
specific, stamp, or ad valorem duties shall have
been directly assessed or paid."
Mr. SUMNER. Putting in the word "upon"
after " or" will make it perfectly clear.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is to relieve the man-
ufacturers of patent medicines from the tax of
three, percent.—and I suppose that is the purpose
«—it is scarcely worth while. 1 do not see any
reason why they should not pay the tax. The
manufacturers of patent-medicines and of perfum-
ery (which are theonly articles for which a stamp
is required) can pay the three per cent, as well as
Others. The stamp duty they will collect from
their customers, and the three per cent, is proba-
bly the only tax they will have to pay themselves.
A gentleman from my State, inteiested in this
matter, talked to me about it, and I told him that
I could see no reason why they should not be
taxed. They will collect the stamp duty from
their customers, and they ought to pay three per
cent, on their income. Certainly, if you leave the
section as it is now, without a change of punctu-
ation or a change of phraseology, you will ex-
emptfrom taxation all incomes derived from notes
of hand, from bills of exchange, from commercial
paper, and those are about the only classes of in-
comes taxed and not already exempted. It is
evident that some change must be made, either
that suggested by the Senator from Maine or some
other; but I think it is better not to put in the
word " stamp."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same difficulty struck
me in the morning, but on reading the clause 1
came to the conclusion that it would not apply to
anything except articles manufactured. That will
be made perfectly plain by inserting the word
"on" before " any," and striking out the comma
after " manufactured."
Mr. SUMNER. That would carry out my
idea.
Mr. SHERMAN. Rut the words "specific
and ad valorem duties" refer to the whole class of
exceptions below.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no. They cannot
refer to anything but what is in this clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. It refers to a person, cor-
poration, or association, having paid, specific or
ad valorem duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will see that
that is a diffoient clause of the section. The sec-
tion excepts incomes derived—
From ititctcsior dividend-* ou >tock,capital, or deposits in
any bank, luMeompanv, ot -avuigs institution, nisuianee,
ga?, bud^e, <'vp;ev<? telegraph, or railroad company oi otiici
Corporation—
That is one class—
or on any bondsoi other c\fdenccs of indebtedness of any
rniho.id company oi eoipoiution, winch thall have been
assrCbM'd and paid by t-aid banks, trust conipnnn's, savings
institutions, luminance, cas, budgp, teh-giaph, expie-s or
raiiioad companies, aloies&al, or derived itoiu advciti.su-
ments—
That is another class; and then it goes on—
or on any articles inumifaetmod, upon which specific,
stamp, or cui udoiem diries shall have been dirootly as-
sessed or paid, shall aKo be deducted.
Mr. SHERMAN. By a change of phraseol-
ogy and punctuation you may give it that mean-
ing.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Ohio will
see that unless this change is made there are cer-
tain articles that will have a double tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Making the changes I
have stated will lender it very clear. I under-
stand that the House committee say they intended
that. But if you leave the «tamp duty out and
do not insert it here and we pass the clause just
as it is, it will not be in the power of the commit-
tee of conference to reexamine the subject and if
there is any mistake about it, correct it then. 1
think it would be better to allow the amendment
to be made, and it can be struck out by the com-
mitter oi conference if it be found that tiie effect
would be what the Senator from Ohio supposes.
A stamp duty is laid upon the manufactuies in
schedule C; that is to say on patent medicine and
peifuinery; there is no stamp duty on anything
else. Now to lay in addition to the stamp duty,
which is pretty heavy, an ad valorem duty, would
just be making a very onerous tax indeed upon
them. The stamp duty itself is one which I am
satisfied is quite as much as they can bear. That
is my notion about it. At any rate, it would not
do any harm to put it on, because we could cor-
rect it on more deliberate examination, if neces-
sary.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the explanation of the
Senator from Maine is complete. Indeed, it seems
to me, unless this is inserted, the idea of that sec-
tion, which is, if possible, to prevent the double tax,
will not be carried out. In the case mentioned by
the Senator from Maine, there will be, unless my
amendment is adopted, a double tax; and I think
that is contrary to the idea of the section. At any
rate, I understand that those who framed this sec-
tion supposed that the word "specific" actually
covered the stamp; and my idea in offering the
amendment which I have submitted was to re-
move the possibility of any ambiguity, to exclude
a doubt. The Senator from Maine has very prop-
erly suggested that if we adopt this amendment
the whole matter will be open for consideration in
the conference committee between the two Houses,
where it can be adjusted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move to strike out
the word "manufactured," so that it will read,
"or any articles upon which specific, stamp, or
ad valorem duties shall have been directly as-
sessed or paid, shall also be deducted."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would only make
it still more doubtful than it is now. You cannot
say a railroad bond or a note of hand is manufac-
tured.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would separate them.
It would then read, " or any articles upon which
specific, stamp, or ad valorem duties shall have
been directly assessed and paid."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that amendment
would render it more difficult. It would not be
so perfectly clear as it is now.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 withdraw the amendment,
but insist on the motion to reconsider.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that the word
" on" be inserted in the twenty-first line, after the
woid " or," where it first occurs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to offer an amendment,
which I consider an important one. It is to come
in on page 89, in lieu of the clause from the eighty-
fourth to the ninetieth line, which has been
stricken out. It is to insert!
On wliifky or other spirits rectified or mixed with any
other *puit or fluid whatever, or into winch any matter
whatever i« infused to be &oJd as whisky, bnmdy, mm, gin,
wine, or by any othei name not otherwise provided lor, ten
cents per gallon.
I will remark that whisky rectifying is one of
the largest and most lucrative businesses connected
with the whole whisky trade or manufacture in
the West. A very large prpportion of the over-
grown fortunes in the cities of Cincinnati and St.
Louis and Louisville have been made by that pro-
cess. It is one of the most villainous businesses
that was ever taken up by man. It is the coun-
terfeiting of the vernacular drink of the western
States. Whisky distilled from rye and corn is
the vernacular drink of the western people, and
when made pure and improved by age, and not
adulterated or counterfeited, I suppose it is one of
the most wholesome and agreeable beverages that
can be used. [Laughter.] I remember the time
when this thing called the rectifying of whisky,
infusing fish berries or cocculus indicus into H,
and strychnine and arsenic and red pepper and
soap suds and half a dozen other compounds, did
not exist. Then, sii, we had a veiy wholesome
and salubrious drmk; and I have seen gentlemen
who have indulged in the use of it until they were
seventy-five and eighty years of age without any
apparent prejudice. It would soften them and
warm them, but it would never burn them out.
[Laughter.] But the villainous stuff they have
got to manufactuiing now as a counterfeit, or a
substitute, or a deterioration of the article, is one
of the most virulent and destructive poisons that
afflict the human family; and [ doubt whether it
dous not produce more deaths among di inkers
and topers than any other poison whatever. It
is a fact that could be established in any court of
justice, that where a rectifier buys a barrel of the
copper-distilled whisky he makes from three to
four barrels of his rectified and adulterated stujF
out of it. It is in that way that such enormous
profits are made upon the operation. Just think,
sir, of a man buying a barrel of old Bourbon, the
pure article,fourth proof, at twenty-five or thirty
cents a gallon, and taking that to his establish-
ment in Cincinnati and producing four barrels
from it, and selling that at about twenty cents a
gallon. The profits are enormous.
Now, sir, the adulteration or counterfeiting of
the current coin of any country is a very heinous
offense. It is one against which severe laws and
punishments are denounced, and very properly.
Here is an article that enters into the general use
of the whole population of the United States, and
that use is growing, my friend the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] tells me, at the rate
of ten percent, per annum—a very large increase.
Here is an article that is used as extensively
almost as tobacco. The exception is, not to find
a gentleman who does use it, but to find one who
docs not use it. This article is increasing in con-
sumption, on the presentenormous quantity used,
at the rate of ten per cent, per annum, according
to statistical, reliable information. Here are a set
of counterfeiters, adulteraters of liquor, rectifiers,
who infuse all sorts of the most villainous and
poisonous compounds into it, and palm that upon
the country as Bourbon. Why, sir, it is an enor-
mous wrong.
If there is any business, legitimate or illegiti-
mate, commendable or otherwise, that would per-
mit of a heavy taxation if it could be reachcd, it
is this very system of rectifying, to use the ge-
neric term. We in the West know the extent to
which this evil exists. They know it in Cincin-
nati; they know it in Louisville; they know itin
St. Louis, and in all the river towns. Why, sir,
it is doing a great evil to the country. It is kill-
ing men in one fifth of the time they ought to be
allowed to drink, and would be permitted to drink
if they had used wholesome liquor. [Laughter.]
I am told that Pike's Opera House—the most
splendid one of the kind in the United States of
America—has been built by rectified liquor; and
that is only one instance of the many large for-
tunes that have been made in the West by this
process of adulteration and of counterfeiting.
I do trust that, for the purpose of protecting the
honor of old Bourbon, which has now become of
world-wide renown in Europe and in America—
for the purpose of protecting the fair name and
good reputation of old Bourbon, as well as to save
the lives of the people who are induced to take
this rectified stuff as a substitute for old Bourbon,
and for the purpose of getting a large amount of
revenue—that the Senate will impose this mod-
erate tax of ten cents a gallon on this stuff that
is thus adulterated and counterfeited.
Mr. SHERMAN. This question has been
twice determined. I suppose Senators will re-
member the reasons on which it was determined,
and it is unnecessary to repeat them. It was in-
serted in the House of Representatives, no doubt,
on just such a speech as has been made by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky. I have no
doubt these rectifiers spoil a great deal of Ken-
tucky whisky, as they have spoiled the Ohio
whisky; but the question is, how are you to reach
them? The cost of the process of rectifying is
only about two or three cents a gallon. It may
be rectified off in some remote shed, with nothing
in the world but the barrel and a little poisonous
drug mixed with it to give it color; the whisky is
filtered through gravel and charcoal, mixed with
a little burnt alum or something of that kind, and
it is converted into some bad liquor, and sold as
such at a largely increased piice. If people choose
to buy it, well and good; but you cannot reach it
for taxation, if you attempt to tax it, it will only
stop the large rectifiers who generally have some
kind of reputation—1 do not say whether it is
good or bad—to maintain. It would throw the
whole business into the hands of a set of discred-
itable scamps, who will make bad brandy and
bad gin just as much as now, and will evade all
taxation. The only effect of a tax would be to
diive out of the business those establishments
that have propi'tty and a good deal at stake in
the matter, and be of no practical service what-
ever, for it would not stop the adulteration of
these spirits. It is totally impracticable. I agree
with the Senator on the subject, and if we could
levy a dollar agallonon all whisky converted from
good whisky into bad rum, or bad gin, or bad
