1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
beau of July 31, 1786, spoke of this treaty with
Prussia as the most liberal which had ever been
made, as original, as marking a new era in nego-
tiation, and as tending more fully to produce a
general pacification than any measure heretofore
attempted by mankind! . '
Henry Clay, as Secretary of State, m his in-
structions to our Panama commissioners, caught
the very genius of these principles, and sought to
have them impressed upon the public law of this
continent; while later, President Pierce and Sec-
retary Marcy, filled with the generous thought,
and with an argument which has no reply, sought
to affix them to the laws of the world as the tribute
of American statesmanship to the interests of all
mankind. Indeed, Ameiica has scarcely a great
name upon her rolls whose fame is not in part
inwoven with this doctrine of free seas. In the
time of Madison—one of its most sagacious ex-
pounders—we went to war with England for its
settlement. Time has done what arms did not
and what diplomacy could not do. To-day there
is no pretension to search our ships for seamen.
The globe we live upon, three fourths of which is
covered with water, no longer tolerates the arbi-
trary usages of the powerful; but the weakest
State as well as tjie greatest may compass the ends
of the world without fear or lnnderance.
For these improvements in the interchanges of
mankind, the world owes a debt of gratitude to
the United States.
In the development of this distinctive policy,
France has ever been a collaborateur with our Re-
public. Her interests and her inclination have
accorded with ours. That so much cannot be said
of Great Britain is owing, in part, to our peculiar
jrclations with her,as her own revolutionary child;
in port, to her being for so many years of our
maritime progress a belligerent while wo were a
neutral, and to herchromc fear lest the rising Re-
public of the West should dispute with her the
trident, which she has so long and so powerfully
wielded over the commerce of the world.
Whatever may be our present untoward situa-
tion with respect to our domestic conflicts, it is
not the policy of this country to change its former
relations toward other Powers. Peace has been
the history of this nation. However gloomy the
war cloud may lower over us, peace will con-
tinue to increase the greatness we have achieved
by its blessings, Hence our interest lies, not in
clamoring for belligerent, but in the recognition
of neutral rights. Tell me not that we may be-
come a belligerent; and then that this yielding of
belligerent rights in favor of neutrals will be to our j
prejudice. 1 care not if we do become abelliger- :
ent with Great Britain, the greatest naval Power. 1
So long as we have a laiger commerce than hers
and a less naval force, our interest even as bellig-
erent with her still lies in the protection of our
private property under neutral flags, or in our
hostile flag covering the goods of friends. If wo
can obtain her assent to the Marcy doctrine, that
her armed cruisers shall not harm our commerce,
we may well agree that our privateers shall not
harm hers. As' she has the greatest guns and we
the greatest trade, wo will gain by the arrange-
ment.
In case of the adoption of the Marcy amend-
ment the worst result to be apprehended by Eng-
land, in case of war with us, is the comparative
useiessness of her immense naval force. Her
cruisers would be used only to fight our cruisers
in a duel on the sea, or to blockade our ports. Our
commerce would go on; and under the improve-
ments in mailing ships with iron, her blockades
would be of little avail, under the guns of our Mon-
itors and Mystics!
Therefore, we would gain, even as belligerents,
with England or any other Power weie the doc-
trines I contend for embodied in the code inter-
national. But our interests will seldom be that of
belligerents; our policy is ever that of peace. Neu-
trality has enriched us. Our peaceful and neutral
attitude during the Napoleonic and Crimean wars
not only filled the sails of our m<
iierchantmen with
enterprise, but the coffers of our merchants with
money. We are not an aggressive people. Our
interests lie alongside of our civilization, and we
are to conquer the material wealth of the woild by
our interchanges and treaties. Whatever, there-
fore, aids us in this regard should be the aim of
our statesmen and the ambition of our people.
Happily,Prance, Prussia, Russia, Austria, Italy,
and all the other maritime Powers, unless it be
England, have with us, and have expressed to us,
an identity of interest and policy; and these are
in unison with the interests, honor, progress, and
civilization of each and every nation.
It is not unbecoming now for the Representa-
tives of the American people, while the discussion
of these maritime questions is life in both hemi-
spheres, to give its emphatic declaration upon the
subjects involved. Public opinion is one of the
sources of international law. By its silent influ-
ences treaties are celebrated, congresses of nations
are convened, maxims of policy are declared, and
usages are inaugurated.
Such a declaration is the more becoming now,
because our action at the beginning of the present
session in approving the seizure of the persons
from the Trent is liable to be interpreted against
the policy which we have maintained with respect
to neutrals. It isenough to say that this Congress
never intended to secede from the high ground of
this Government on that subject.
It is becoming and urgent now that a congress
should convene to settle these maiitime questions,
inasmuch as our own position is anomalous. Our
diplomacy has ever advocated the most liberal
views, while our eouits base their decisions on
what the rest of Christendom has regarded as the
exceptional rules of English admiralty law. We
have tried ever since our existence as a nation to
change these rules of English origin by negotia-
tion; but our Supreme Court, with the maxim,
stare decisis, have kept on holding what the law
of nations was at the time we were a pai t of Great
Britain, and, as a consequence, our thoughts are
far ahead of the law, and our treaties in advance
of our jurisprudence.
It is'becoming- and urgent now that we should
give this prompt exprc ssi'on by the resolutions to
be reported, inasmuch as we are invited to it by
the liberal proffer of France.
From France, we have abundant evidence that
her Government and people agree to the doctrines
propounded to them by us ill 1854, and embracing
with the amendment of Mr. Marcy the Paiis dec-
larations of ltfali, which she inaugurated. If it
were necessary to prove this to the American
Congress, I would refer to a letter ot the distin-
guished editoi of Whealon, lion. W. Beach Law-
rence, to whose learned pen 1 am indebted ioi
many suggestions in this connection. While
perusing the papers placed at his disposition by
the last Adimmstiation, he found: 1. An entire
unanimity of .sentiment among the minor inau-
Iime Powers in favor ofthe Marcy proposition,as
necessary to give eti'eet to the Pans declarations;
2. The adhesion of Russia and Prussia with the
mostgenerouscordiahty; 3. The assent of Italy,
through Count Cavour, to the Marcy amend-
ment. That statesman told our minister at Turin
that England was the only obstacle to the adop-
tion ofthe principle. "She," he said, " did not
wish to render private property free from the
devastation of war, while she wished the United
States to give up privateering, or, if unable to do
that, to render the right valueless, by depiivmg
the United States ofthe right that they had hith-
erto had in neutral ports;" 4. The assurance by
Count Walewski, m November, J85G, that the
French Government would agree to the declara-
tion as modified by us, though the formal assent
was deferred, with a view to consultation with the
other pai ties to llie Paris declaration; 5. A dispo-
sition on the part of English statesmen to consider
the question, with a view to certain reservations to
be submitted to the Powers called to examine and
settle the questions.
But whatever may be the formal alliance of
England with Franco—in Tuilcey, Mexico, or
China—France is our ally in these doctrines. She
has ever been faithful to those doctrines. She has
procured (he accession of forty-six of the Powers
lo them. The correspondence of this Government
with her last summer, shows that she would have
been willing to have treated with us on their basis,
as enlarged by the proposition of Secretary Marcy.
Mr. Dayton was induced to urge the adoption of
the Marcy amendment exempting private prop-
el ty from seizure and confiscation, not only, as
he "says, because it was the wish of the President,
and because of the great importance of securing
the adoption of the principle before the United
States should give up the right of privateering;
i but also "because the facts patent m the corre-
spondence of the American legation ot Paris
in 1856, show that France and Russia were both
favorably disposed at that time to the adoption of
the principle ofthe amendment; (see Mr. Marey's
dispatch to Mr. Mason, No. 94, dated October
4, 1856—and Mr. Mason's confidential letter to
Mr. Dallas of December (j, 1856;) and from the
obvious fact that it would be the interest of all
the other Powers having little naval force to con-
cur in the amendment." (See papers on Foreign
Affairs 1862, p. 210.) So that France, as eatly
as 1856, was ready to accept the Marcy amend-
ment, and but for the clause in the Paris conven-
tion,, binding each party against further negotia-
tion on the subject without the consent of all the
parties, she doubtless would have accomplished
her wish then. (See papers on Foreign Affairs,
1862, p. 109.) Her Minister of Foreign Affairs,
in his letter, referred to the Foreign Affairs Com-
mittee, of the 3d of December, 1861, most respect-
fully protests against our falling back upon vex-
atious practices, against which in other epochs no
Power has more earnestly protested than has the
United States.
But, as still more significant, we find that the
most distinguished writer on the law of nations
in France, or in the world—M. Hautefeuille—in
the Revue Cotemporuire of February last, enters
his most learned and pointed protest against those
evils of naval warfare, which for " upwards of
two hundred years, whenever the nation most
powerful at sea has been engaged in hostilities,
has inflicted quite as much damage upon neutrals
as upon its adversary." He appeals to France,
to us, to the world, to take part in a new coalition
of neutrality; which, like that of Russia in 1780,
will form an aggregate sufficiently formidable to
counterbalance thenaval superiority of any bellig-
erents. "The maritime equilibrium, so import-
ant for the repose and freedom of the universe,
will thus be established. Formed m anticipation
of war, it will subsist in time of peace, and be-
come a lasting element in the international rela-
tions of civilized peoples."
Cotemporaneous with this exposition from
France, I observe without much surprise a retro-
gressive spirit from England. Without surprise,
for 1 have not been unobservant of the fact that
English claims to superiority on the ocean, and
her continued status of belligerency, hardly con-
sist with such liberal sentiments as those proposed
by Fiance, or even those adopted by lieiself at
the Pans conferences of 1856. It was theief ore not
siupiisiug that Earl Maimesbury, an ex-Foreign
Secretary of England, in a debate biought us by
a late steamer, referring to the declaration of the
Paris conferences, m relation to the inviolability
of an enemy's goods in neutral ships, said that
her Majesty's Government in time of war would
be induced to disregard its obligatory nature. He
was asked by Bail Granville to modify this ex-
traordinary language. He only added to its force
by a sentiment, which has been too often acted
on by England, that a warlike people like the
English would not be restrained, m the extremity
of war, by a paper declaration made at Paris in
1856! In the same debate, the present Foreign
Secretary—Earl Russell—volunteered to say, and
I think with more meaning than meets the ear,
that lie did not quite approve the declaration made
at Paris!
In a more recent debate, on the 11th ultimo, the
member for Liverpool, Mr. Horsfall, offered a
resolution, expressing the truth, that the present
state of international law, as affecting belligerents
and neutrals, is ill-defined and unsatisfactory. He
contended thatEngland mustretrcatfrom her Paris
declaration or advance toward the Marcy amend-
ment. As she stood now. the effect upon England
would be to throw the carrying trade wholly into
neutral hands, or to diminish her fighting power
by diverting a large part of her naval force for con-
voys. But', mark you ! the Government opposed
this movement of commerce. The Attorney Gen-
eral and Secretary of War disappioved the reso-
lution. Lord Palmerston, concluding the debate,
said: " That the principle contended for,if carried
into practice, would level a fatal blow at the naval
power of this country, and would be an act of po-
litical suicide." So that we may not be surprised
if England recedes from the Pans declaration. It
was not without reluctance that Loid Cowley
agreed to the four propositions of that conference
looking to''the liberation of commerce from the
