1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
"Initiate Emancipation' '■—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Keps.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the insurrectionary
States—not in my State and yours and Kentucky
and Missouri* There I propose to seize it through
the courts.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. I say in the insurrectionary
States. Mr. President, I shall not go into the
question as to the amountof property which would
or might be reached and confiscated under the
operation of this bill. I did not intend to go into
that at all. I was simply stating the fact that
there was a grave question involved, that a very
large amount of propcuy might be affected by the
bill. I cannot estimate that amount. The second
section of the bill certainly involves the foifeiture
of all the slaves of tho rebels engaged in this re-
bellion or any one giving it aid and comfort. Now,
if you are to suppose that two millions of the
slaves belong to rebel masters, and I believe that
is not an unfair presumption, the effect of the
second section of this bill, declaring their eman-
cipation by an act of Congress, would be not only
to forfeit all the property claimed in them by their
masteis, but would set free at one blow within
the States two millions of slaves, tntei mingling
as they everywhere do with the slaves of the loyal
masters, that would probably involve the eman-
cipation of all the rest; and I think the honorable
Senator in his speech the other day stated that in
his opinion such would l)Q its effect. If compen-
sation should be made to the loyal masters of the
other half at §300 for each slave, it would require
the expenditure of the sum of $600,000,000, either
by tiie States or the Federal Government.
The third section of this bill proposes the col-
onization of all who are willing to emigrate; and
if it should cost fifty dollars per head for this col-
onizntion, and one fourth of the whole number of
slaves were willing to be colonized, it might in-
volve the expenditure of $50,000,000. Sir, no
gravei questions were ever tatsed in the Senate
than are involved in the first three sections of this
bill. The confiscation of millions of real and per-
sonal property, the emancipation by act o( Con-
gn-ss within the States of two millions of slave.?,
involving m compensation to loyal masters it moy
be hundreds of millions of dollars; these present
questions of constitutional power, gigantic ques-
tions of finance; questions of peace and wai, ques-
tions of justice and clemency; questions of lib-
erty and order, of international law, of race, and
of empire which concern us and all who are to
come after us forever. These, and mote than
these, are pressing upon us now. You cannot
avoid them if you would. You cannot put them
aside. They will not down at your bidding; turn
which way you will, they meet you face to face.
They demand, and from every earnest soul they
will have, an answer. These are the issue's that arc
upon us, they ate the sreat issues made up for the
trial of the souls of this people—I say it without
irreverence—on the calendar of God. The ques-
tion js, are we ready for the trial ? Arc we equal
to the crisis? Sir, I know my own utter inability
to meet them as 1 would. I shall meet them as
best I can. Though I fee! weighed down by the
responsibilities of the hour, humbly imploiingthc
guidance of that wisdom which comes from above,
I shall discuss th^se questions alike, without pas-
sion and without fear, endeavoring to preserve a
cool temper, and, if I am able, a clear brain.
" INITIATE EMANCIPATION."
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. ASHLEY,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlpril 11, 1862, '
On the lull for the release ot ceitain persons held to service
or labor in the District of Columbia.
Mr. ASHLEY said:
Mr. Chairman: I intend to vote for this bill as
a national duty, and not as the Representative of
a locality. I shall vote for it without apology,
and without disclaimer. I have no excuses to
offer here, or elsewhere, for doing an act which
even-handed justice demands. From the nist 1
have been earnest and persistent in pressing this
question of emancipation. It became my pleasing'
duty, in obedience to the request of the; District
Committee, to meet and confer with the Senator
who had charge of this subject in the other branch
of the national Legislature J and I may say, I trust,
withoutimpropriety,thattheSenate could not well
have confided it to a truer and more earnest friend
of the measure.
After several meetings and consultations with
leading members of both Houses, and citizens of
the District, we agreed upon a bill, which was
approved by each committee, and ordered to be
reported in both Houses. This was the bill which
I reported to the House on the 32th day of March
last. I deem it due to myself, in this connection,
to say that the bill then* reported by me was not
m all respects what I could desire; and I need
hardly add that some of the Senate amendments
are of a character to make it still more objection-
able. But I am a practical man, and shall sup-
port this bill as the best we can get at this time.
I have been shown a number of amendments
which some of my friends on this side of the
House desire to offer, and which I would pre-
fer to the provisions which are proposed to be
amended; but if offered i shall vote againstthem,
as their adoption would greatly delay, if not en-
danger the passage of the bill at this session, be-
cause their adoption would necessarily return the
bill to the Senate for their concurrence. I trust,
therefore, that all friends of emancipation will
dccide to accept the Senate bill as it is, and vote
against all amendments, so that the practical end
atmed at by the earnest men of this House, the
immediate liberation of all slaves in this District,
shall at once be accomplished. The object to be
attained, and not its particular mode of attain-
ment, is what we ought all to have most at heart.
If I must tax tho loyal people of the nation
$1,000,000 before the slaves at the national capital
can be ransomed, 1 will do it. T would make a
bridge of gold over which they mil!, lit pass to free-
dom, on the anniversary of the fall of Sumter, if
it eould not be, moie justly accomplished. The
people of the United Stales must be u-heved from
all i esponsihilily for the existence or longer con-
tinuance of human slavery at the capital of the
Republic. Tile only question which I conceive I
am ('ailed upon as a Representative to decide is,
has Congress the power and is itour duty to pass
such a bill as the one before us?
Part of the sixteenth clause of the eighth sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution reads
thus:
*•' Congress shall have powci to exercise exclusive legis-
lation in cill cases whatsoever ovci siieh diMi ict (not ex-
ceeding le I'es fQuaie) as may, by cession of particular
States and the acceptance of Congress, become the scat of
Government of the United States.''
I need not go into a laboied argument to show
(hat Congress has power to banish slavery from
this District, his not necessary to be a consti-
tutional lawyer to comprehend the extent of the
power here granted. The meaning is plainenough.
This clause" confers upon Congress all the legis-
lative power that can lie exercised by both national
and State governments combined. It Congress
cannot abolish slavery m this District, no power
on earth can. ^ .
A few years ago, oneoffreedom'sdistmguished
orators startled the country by declaring "(hat
Congress had no more power to make a slave than to
make a king." If, then, their is, as I claim, no
constitutional power in Congress to reduce any
man or lace to slavery, it certainly will not be
claimed that Congress has the power to legalize
such regulations as exist to-day, touching persons
held as slaves in this District, by leenacting the
slave laws of Maryland, and thus doing by mdi-
iection what no sane man claims authority to do
directly. I know it is claimed by some that if Con-
gress has power to abolish, it must necessanly
have power to establish siaveiy. I will not insult
the intelligence of this House by discussing such
a proposition. If Congress could not constitu-
tionally leenact the slave laws of Mai yland for
this District, then slavery could not exist even for
a single hour after the cession of the territory be-
came complete; but whether slavery constitution-
ally exists in this District or not, that it does exist
is a fact, and because it exists and has existed by
the sufferance and sanction of the national Gov-
ernment, for which the entire people of the Uni-
ted States are justly responsible, it is more than
ever the imperative duty of this Congress to abol-
ish at otrce and forever so unnatural and unjusti-
fiable a wrong. And, sir, if it bo necessary to
employ gold to do it, let gold be employed. (3old
which has corrupted statesmen, pervei ted justice,
and enslaved men, can never be more righteously
used than when it contributes to reestablish jus-
tice and ransom slaves.
It is claimed by the opponents of emancipation
that the proper and natural condition of all col-
ored races is that of slavery to the white race;
that the people of color, not only in this District,
but throughout the country, are unfit for freedom;
that they cannot take care of themselves, and
must, of necessity, if liberated, become a public
charge. We are. asked with apparent hoiror,and
an air of sincerity, " if we intend to let this slave
population loose among the whites;" and we are
told if we do that it will be destructive alike of the
interests of both races; that tho prejudices against
persons of color are so implacable they cannot
live in peace, and a war of races will he the inev-
itable result of freeing* them among the whites—
evils far more to be dreaded than any which can
ensue from their continued enslavement. I have
no such apprehension. Experience teaches me
that all such fears are groundless. While I deny
the doctiine that the normal condition of any race
is that of slavery, or that theie can be. lightfully
such a thing as property in man, under any Gov-
ernment or constitution, I will not and cannot be-
lieve that the icstoration of any race to freedom
will produce antagonisms that shall culminate in
a war between those whose relationships are
changed from that of gross injustice and oppres-
sion to that of self-dependence and freedom. God
made of one blood all the nations that dwell to-
gether on the face of the earth, and gave man
"dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the
fowl of the air, and over every living thing that
ereepeth upon the earth;" but man over man,
never.
The (list inction here made between persons and
animals is clear and marked. It is the distinction
iecoo;nized m the jurisprudence of all civilized and
Chnstiau natioi]^; and when a slave master stands
up here and claims that his nth4 to his tcllow-mau
lests upon the same n-eognized lights that give
him a title to his hotse, I see and feel the blight-
ing effects of slavei y, and realize the justice of
ihe remarks which 1 submitted on this iloor two
years ago, when I said that—
" I exempt, with pleasure, fioni any sweeping denuncia-
tions which 1 may make, thousands of' good and tiue men
who find themselves bom to tins inlicinance, and whose
whole lives £tvo alliance to the woild that their hearts
aie better than the system. fntiu-t a class ol men In any
society <>i <<!ovonimcf)t with absolute power ovei a servile
iat e, and tin: had men will not only um: it and nhur-c it, as
I shall show, but, by their el.mtotous cry of dancer to the
State, will petpetiate and tfiv<  sanction lo ouliages that
tfood and laic men will he powerle^ to pievent. It is not
that southern men and Mavehohb'i * un* vvoisi; than othei
men, hut heeaiise thev are no heitei, that it is mi-nle, il it
were not in iKell an iiideleu^ilih wionfi, to intrn-t them
Willi absolute power ovn any pint ol the human race.''
Sir, the origin and authoiity for all the domin-
ion man of rurlit possesses in this world comes
dn eci from the l'\uher of ail, and has been so recog-
nized, nut only by the great Lnglish commenta-
tor, but by the iaw-givets of every civilized nation
on eaith. There is no right outside of His au-
thority, much less in violation of it.
The great epic poet of England writes—
" Flo gave us onlv over beast, fi->h, fowl,
Dominion absolute ; that ii#rht we hold
By his donation; but man ovei man
lie made not loid ; -uch title to himself
Reserving, human left trom human fiee.1'
I ask the indulgence ot the House while I read
afewextiacts from the writings of the great men
of the past, which will suffice to show how sla-
very was regarded by them:
" Slavery i  a system of the most complete injustice."
Plato. , ,, „ ,
" Slavei y is a system of outrage and robbciv. —&ociatcs<
.   By rhcginnd law< o( natme all men are born free, and
tlio law i*. umver-ally binding upon all men."
" Eternal justice is the ba-i>- ot all human Jaws.
- Whatever is just is also the tiuc law ; nor can this true
law he alnogated by any wnttun enactments." .
" If tlieic be Mich a powei in the decree.-: and commands
of Cools, that the nature of thins* clmnged by their voles,
why do they not decree that what is had and pernicious
shall he resaidcil as good and wholesome, 01 why, it the
law enn make wrong right, can it not make i.ad gooti .
"Those who have mode pernicious and unjust decrees,
have marie anything rather than laws." Cicero.
" Tire law which supports slavery mid opposes liberty
