1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1621
shackles of tradition, barbarism, and the vicissi-
tudes of war. Scarcely had the Paris treaty been
celebuited and published before a resolution was
offered by Loid Colchestei in the House of Lords,
declaring that " the right of capturing ail enemy's
goods on board of neutral vessels to be inherent
in all belligerent Powers; Ihe maintenance of this
right to be of essential importance, and its aban-
donment of serious injury to a Power whose main
reliance is oil her naval superiority,"&c. That
resolution, though it did not pass, received the
votes of over a hundred of her Majesty's most
conservative peers.
Sincc then the English Government has been
illy content with the acquiescence its embassador
gave at the green table of Paris in 185G. When
the present Administration of this Government
proposed again to accedeto the Paris propositions,
as the correspondence between Mr. Adams and
Earl Russell shows, England utterly rejected the
benignant and enlightened policy by which Mr.
Marcy proposed to accompany the abolition of
privateers, namely: " that the private property of
the subjects or citizens of a belligerent on the high
seas shall be exempted from seizure by public
armed vessels of the other belligerent, except it
be contraband." There is, as I have said,no doubt
that Prance, but for her alliance with England,
would have accepted this amendment. Mr. Adams,
in his letter to Mr. Seward, of July 2fi, 18G1, says
that he learned from a personal interview with Mr.
Dayton " that there was no reason to presume that
there was any disinclination in France to adopt the
Marcy amendment. Neither did the reply of M.
Thouvenei entirely preclude the hope of its ulti-
mate success so far as the disposition of France
may be presumed. The obstacles, if any theie
are, must be inferred to exist elsewhere There
can he no doubt that the opposition to this modi-
fication centers here, [in London.] Independ-
ently of the formal announcement of Lord John
Russell to me, that the proposition was declined,
1 have, from other sources of information, some
reason to believe that it springs from the tenacity
of a class of influential persons, by their age and
general affinities averse to all sudden variations
from established ideas."
During the progress of the negotiations at Lon-
don, it was ascertained that the Marcy amend-
ment was inadmissible. Then our negotiators with
much reluctance, at least on the part of Mr. Day-
ton, consented to the Paris propositions of 1S5G,
pure and simple, including the abolition of priva-
teering, without its propei equivalent, the protec-
tion of private property from public armed ves-
sels. I honor Mr. Dayton's reluctance. Such a
treaty ought never to be made. It never would
have been confirmed by any Senate speaking for
the American people—never. But it was tcndeied
without the above valuable equivalent, when lo!
the British Government refused even to adopt it
unconditionally. It turned out that her reserva-
tion was lor the benefit of the insurrectionists m the
United States. She was willing to accept the Paris
propositions, provided it would not affect anything
"already done." The thing already done by her,
was the recognition of our insurgent States as bel-
ligerents. By her conduct since, in the case of the
Nashville, and her diplomacy then, she fulfilled
the prophecy of Mr. Seward, in his letter of Mav
21, 1861, to Mr. Adams:
41 If '•lie refuse, it can only be bocau<=e f-Jio is willing to I
become the pation ol privaiaeijnjr, when aimed at oui j
devaluation."-— Sec papers on Foreign Jij}airs. p. 73. j
One thing is sure: this Government could not j
for a moment allow the abolition of privateers, in j
general, with an exception m favor of a domestic j
enemy with a belligerent status abroad, without
compromising the " legal eliaiacter of this Gov- ,
ernment as the exclusive sovereign in peace and 1
war over all the States and Territories of the j
Federal Union and overall citizens, disloyal and ;
loyal alike.3' j
_ So that our attempt to reform the usages of mar- |
itime law in the interests of commerce were met ;
in a spnit hostile to the liberal views of France,
and hostile to the progressive character of the age. :
The um denting rigidity of British policy upon
the sea, which it was hoped had been tempered ,
with a higher civilization by her contact with the
continental Powers at Pans in 1356, was <vuin
triumphant, to our discomfiture. Negotiations on
the subject were suspended by the action of Great'
Biitain. ' \
j _ We are sure that France would not have re-
j jected the Marcy amendment, nor qualified the
I agreement with us, to the Paris propositions pure
, and simple, but for the constraint imposed on her
by the terms of the Pans treaty of 1856, which,
as I have said, lequiied the assent of all the
Powers to any modification of its provisions, and
but for the opposition of England, as one of those
Powers.
The Paris plenipotentiaries, on the 16th of April,
1856, undertook to settle the deplorable disputes
arising out of the uncertainty of the law of neu-
trals and belligerents. They had seen the conflicts
arising from differences of opinion as to the duties
of neutrals and belligerents. They desired uni-
formity. To this end they adopted the declara-
tion:
1. That privateering remains abolished.
2. The neutral flagcoversenemy'sgoods, with
the exception of contraband of war.
3. Neutral goods, with the exception of con-
traband of war, are not liable to capture under
the enemy's flag.
4. Blockades, in order to be binding, must be
effective.
The plenipotentiariesanticipatedfor these rnax-
ims the gratitude of the world. Nearly fifty
Powers have adopted them. The United States
offered to accede to them with the most beneficial
expansion; and again to accede to them pure and
simple, which, in myjudgment,wasamostques-
tionable and ill-advised policy.
Sp much for the history of negotiations on this
subject. What now of the future of these ques-
tions ? "We have not much to hope from the posi-
tion of England on neutral rights. All history
shows that treaties exist no longer than there is a
power to enforce them. # It is only by an alliance
for neutrality, such as M. Hautcfeuillc proposes,
that we can constrain England to respect the gen-
eral law of nations-, to which she is already a party,
when that law is counter to her interests, tradi-
tions, and naval glory and supremacy. If Eng-
land should make unjust pretensions with refer-
ence to the rights of beiligeients, such a congress
could settle the matter with authority and power.
It is well agreed among the wisest of mankind
now what the mles of international jurisprudence
should be on these subjects. Itisoui duty to make
them as they ought to be.
There are other questions as to neutral rights
yet to be acted upon. Not only ought it to be
settled now, that private property shall be re-
spected on sea as on land; but if contraband is ex-
cepted from the inviolability of the neutral flag
and cargo, it ought to be fixed what is and what
is not (.ontraband, whether dispatches or persons
are included in contraband—if persons, whatand
who? whether confined to military, or extended
to civil and diplomatic, or quasi diplomatic per-
sons ?
Here, Mr. Chai rm an, is the pivotal point in these j
questions. They are insoluble, unless we know j
what contraband means. I would call attention
to the last resolution, with reference, to the moan-
ing of contraband. It was the suggestion of the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on For-
eign A flairs, the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] whonow honors me with his atten-
tion. It expresses the hope that the Powers of the
wot Id will define with exactitude the meaning
of conttaband, with a view to tho least restriction
on trade. Had this been done before, the Trent
difficulty never would have occurred. That ques-
tion, in a nutshell, was whether contraband em-
braced hostile embassadors. Accoidmg to the
English definition, contraband means whatever
will aid the enemy. Hence the term is indefinite
and elastic. To settle its meaning would be of
great utility. It means gunpowder, it may mean
coal. It means shot and shell, it may mean pro-
visions. It means saltpeter, it may mean dis-
patches. It means mihtai y men, it may mean the
embassadors of the enemy. It may mean any-
thing a bellitrrrpnt who ha* the power may de-
term me. i\i cCulloch, m his Dictionary, pa<re 881,
in retening to this subject with his English incli-
nations against liberal views, says:
'• In judcing of the wisdom of this concession, eveiything
depends* on the interpretation of uie phra-e i contraband of
wai.1 Ff it wi'n; i.Muoted, a- lid-, usually bet n the
to wraiike r-tore^. (nunutioiuy dc tnuvi <\) oi articles dnectly
available lot waiiiko pmpose.-, it would be in many ie-
spectt?, justly cenMuabJe. For it is plain, that under the
limitation now '-.apposed, the tiade of a belligerent Power
witlrits colonies or other countries beyond sea might be
prosecuted in neutral ships nearly to Uie same extent and
with as mach security duiing war as during peace. But It
is not easy to imagine that a principle having such conse-
quences should be acted upon by any Power having a pre-
ponderating naval force, in the event of her .engaging- in
hostilities. Such Power must then do one of two ttiingf:
she must either consent to relinquish some of the most tin -
portaut advantages to be deiived from her naval ascend-
ancy, or she must rejeet the principle in question. And there
is little doubt that she would adopt the.latter alternative;
and eho might do this dnectly by resorting to her natural
and indefeasible right toseize enemy's goods wherever they
are to be met with 5 or indirectly, by extending' the listcof
contraband articles, so as to make it include all those of any
importance cairied by sea into or from the enemy's ports.
Either way would answer the purpose; and we may be
pretty well assured that, under the supposed circumstances,
one or other of them would be followed."
Again, he says:
" Considered in this, its true light, the term i contraband
of wai' becomes of the highest importance; and there are
but tew products which may not be fairly brought, at one
period or another, within the list of contraband articles.
Thus, supposing that we had the misfortune to be engaged
in a contest with a single Power, or a combination of Pow-
ers, which had means to intercept, cut off, or materially
obstruct our supplies of corn, cotton, and tea, can anyone
doubt that our-eueinies would be justified, or that tliey would
hesitate in availing themselves of so powerful a means of
annoyance? Neutrals might protest against such a pro-
ceeding, on the ground that the articles referred to had not
hithcito been reckoned contraband ofwai, and tliey might
also allege that their trade would be seriously prejudiced
by so unusual and so illegal a proceeding. But these repre-
sentations, supposing them to be made, would not go for
much Our enemies would say, that m defining contraband
of war everything depended on circumstances; and that as
the want oi the articles refeired to would lay us undervery
considerable difficulties, they weie from that very circum-
stance properly included in the prohibited list."
One of the chief objects of negotiation ought to
be to give as much precision as possible to the
meaning of the word " contraband," that trade
may have as few fetters as possible. The settle-8*
mcnt ought to be so solemn that it would be out
of the power of any one of the parties to it, how-
ever strong in its navy, to pursue, when a belliger-
ent, a piactice opposite to its professions in time
of peace.
Treaties have been made embodying the maxim
of" free ships, free goods," as early as 1604, by
France with the Sublime Porte. Some of the
Christian Powers of Europe adopted the same in
1716. (Wheaton's Law of Nations, p. 315.) But
they were the mere cobwebs of peace, and the
rough hand of war brushed them away. Never
till the United States began to obtain exemption
from searches and seizures, practiced upon the
neutral flagand cargo—as in 1778 from France, and
in 1780 from Russia—was there any considerable
progress made against the arrogant belligerency
of that high constable of the seas, Great Britain.
Now, we have the opportunity of securing the
fruitfe of our long urgency. If we are now suc-
cessful, commerce-will be enfranchised, and our
nation will, with its extensive and extending ton-
nage, take its place at the head of the commercial
world. Now York will inevitably become what
London is, what Amsterdam and Venice were—
twurmi orbis terrarum emporium.
The present time is auspicious for such action
by our nation. Prance invites; Russia, Austria,
Italy, and Prussia are anxious to meet us. All
the Powers are moving upward to the high level of
our own Republic with regard to maritime rights.
Even England may forego, under the pressure of
a congress of nations, her barbaric code, laggard
notions, isolated pride, and naval supremacy to
join in the exalted labors so eloquently suggested
by the French publicist.
We must not forget to do England justice. She
has progressed. Reluctant as are her public men
to give up her old policy, even England, through
her enterprising merchants, is making strides to-
ward a better condition. We would fain hope
that her protest in the Trent affair means some-
thing more than wounded pride at the affront to
her Hag. We hope it means an inclination to-
ward a regard for neutral rights, yet in embryo,
in her policy, butto gain a full stature under the
liberal influences of the age.
We can hardly recognize in the England of to-
day that Power which for one hundred and fifty
years, while suprenie on the occan and while at
war, made the position of a neutral more preca-
rious than that of an enemy. The England of to-
day, which does not pretend to revive her claim
to search for English seamen on American ves-
sels, but to levive which is considered by one of
her authors as impolitic and unjust, so late as
1818, through Lord Castlereagh to Mr. Rush, and
