600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
All ate. mutually interested in the welfare, pro-
tection and perpetuity of the Union. Wo distinc-
tions or preferences can be shown; no duties or
responsibilities evaded on account of locality.
The States and Territories are each and afl enti-
tled alike to the support anu protection of that
Union of which they form a part, and whose per-
petuity they guaranty to defend and uphold. It is
clearly the imperative duty of the Congress of the
United States, therefore, to assume the responsi-
bilities imposed by the Constitution, and grant
to the sevei'al States the protection they need, and
which they justly claim as a constitutional right.
Under the authority to declare war and repel in-
vasion, Congress has the undisputed power to
assume the construction of any woik of public
utility or necessity which the exigencies of war
may demand. We may build fortifications or
military roads. We may authorize the raising of
an army, and must.provide for the support of that
Army. We have power to transport that Army,
and hence to provide the means for its transpor-
tation; and if this transportation involves the ne-
cessity of cutting, making, or building roads of
any description, it is not only our right, but our
duty to build them.
1 hen, sir, if there be no question as to the pow-
ers of Congress, let us inquire as to its duties in
relation to this matter.
Between the Atlanticcoastand the western verge
of thevalleyof the Mississippi was butlately con-
tained the wealth, power, and influence of this great
Republic. Until after the Mexican war the entire
country lying still further west to the Pacific was
a vast territory, nearly uninterrupted wilderness,
sparsely settled, and of which little was known.
Our only possession on the Pacific coast was Ore-
gon Territory, the homo of a few thousand of our
citizens, and the trade of which was comparatively
unimportant. British America and the Russian
possessions occupied the territory north to Bell-
ring Straits, white Mexico and a few minor States
were in the possession of the coast to the Isthmus
of Panama. Asa result of that war the new ter-
ritory of California and New Mexico was added
to our possessions, comprehending a line of sea-
coast extending from the thiity-fifth to the forty-
second parallel of north latitude, equal in extent to
the entire Atlantic sea-board from Maine to Flor-
ida. Almost simultaneously with the acquisition
of this territory were discovered the ex tensive gold
regions of Sierra Nevada, the result of which has
been the influx of population into this new coun-
try unparalleled in the annals of history. Within
the past twelve years a steady stream of immigra-
tion has poured into those new possessions by
every available route. Steamers and sailing ves-
sels have left our commercial marts ciowdecl with
our fellow-citizens seeking a new home on the
furthest confines of our western possessions; long
trains of emigrant wagons, accompanied by the
wives and children of hauly pioneers of the west-
ern States, have taken up the line of march for a
home still further west, until, at the present tune,
a population of over half a million souls are pur-
sum^ then-daily avocations upon the shores of the
Pacific. Cities, towns, and villages have sprung
into existence as if by magic. Steamers plow our
seas, and shipping from every part of the woild
crowd our ports and line ourwharves. The steady
tide of gold of over $500,000,000 which has during
the past twelve years flowed from thence to ben-
efit the oklerStates of the Atlantic slope, fnllyat-
tests the energy and industry of the citizens of the
Pacific.
Sir, it is these people who earnestly demand
through us, their congressional Representatives,
to be heard upon the great questions which affect
their welfare. The States of California and Or-
egon are realities. They are legitimate members
ot this great family. They are ever ready and
willing to fulfill their duties and obligations to the
parent Government. They are true, loyal, and
patriotic. They will lay down their lives and
pour out their treasure in support of this glorious
Union. In the State which 1 have the honor in
part to represent, they have battled nobly to over-
throw the chivali'ic dynasty which has so long
sat like all incubus upon the breast of their sov-
ermnent, that factious oligaichy whose southern
sympathies and secession tendencies were the
more dangerous as they were sought to be con-
cealed under the specious names of anti-coercion,
peace policy. Pacific republic, &c. They have i
bravely vindicated their love for the Union by
striking down, as I believe, forever, that insidious
foe at the late election. And they claim to be
heard at this Congress upon the subject of their
necessities by the mouth of their chosen and hon-
ored Representatives. Their great wantis action;
action on the subject of a railroad communication
with the Atlantic States.
The position of the people of California, and of
the whole Pacific coast, in the event of a war with
any maritime Power, is an unenviable one. We
are not situated as are our sister States of the At-
lantic slope. The eastern States possess within
themselves elements of power and self-reliance
which will enable them to sustain themselves in
time of cither peace or war. Their line of sea-coast,
their lakes and maritime cities are protected by
defensive fortifications, which can protect them
from invasion. Their fields of mineral wealth, of
iron and coal, are already developed, and they
will find their usual markets through the channels
of communication which have already been made,
and which a foreign war cannot close. Their man-
ufactuiing establishments are sufficiently exten-
sive and varied to enable them to manufacture
within themselves every article which their neces-
sities may require. The great garden and store-
house of the West, which has hitherto supplied
food not only for the consumption of the Atlantic
States, but for the needy millions of foreign coun-
tries, will bo open still, and will be drawn upon
only for the support of the people of those States.
The network of railroads and canals, whose ram-
ifications pervade and extend to every part of the
country, will still continue in operation,and afford
their customary facilities for the transportation of
public and private stores and goods—still be avail-
able for the purposes of Government, in rapidly
concentrating its troops at any required point.
But how is it with us? Members of the same
Confederation, we are moic distant from our
mother land than is India from the British isles.
In case of a foreign war, we possess neither the
power nor means to successfully defend our-
selves from the assaults of our foes. The Isthmus
route, now available and open, will then be closed.
Our only water communication will bo via Capo
Horn—a journey of over fifteen thousand miles,
requiring from four to five months to make the
passage 111 clipper ships, and this assailable by the
enemy's vessels its whole length. Even suppos-
ing a vessel fortunate enough to escape the atten-
tions of the enemy's cruisers on the Atlantic, she
must then run the gauntlet of the Pacific; and on
arriving at San Francisco, how will she pass the
enemy's blockading fleet? No, sir, the first result
of a foreign war will be the entire destruction of
our commercc. We ai e confined like the fox in
his hole, unable to advance or retieat.
It is true that we now raise breadstuffs enough
to supply our wants. But if the enemy once ob-
tain a foothold upon our soil, from the peculiar
posilionofour agricultural lands, which lie within
the great inland valleys of the Sacramento and the
San Joaquin, the operations of the husbandman
would soon be destioyed. The physical forma-
tion ot the State of California is peculiar. Its west-
ern shore js washed by the waters of the Pacific
ocean, and presents, with but few exceptions, a
rugged, rock-bound coast. Two ranges of mount-
ains traverse the State parallel with the general
line of coast—the Sierra Nevada 011 the east and
the Coast Range on the west, which borders upon
and foims a barrier to the Pacific ocean. These
ranges inn together in the northern and south-
ern portions of the State, leaving between them
a large valley from thirty to fil'ty'miles in width,
and about four hundred miles long, called the Sac-
ramento valley 011 the north, and the. San Joa-
quin valley on the south. The Coast Range is
pierced about midway by the Golden Crate°im-
mediately within which lies the harbor or bay of
San Francisco, upon which is situated the city
and port of San Francisco, the commercial center
of _ California and of the Pacific const, where all
ships^come and where all cargoes are unloaded.
The Sacramento river flowing southwardly, and
the San Joaquin flowing northwardly, are the
grand avenues of communication with the interior
of the State; and all goods, merchandise, &c.,
arriving at and not consumed in San Francisco,
find their way to the inteuor through these chan-
nels.
These two rivers are connected at a point about
fifty miles above San Francisco, and flowing
through a single channel, enter the head of the
bay of San Francisco through Carquines straits,
about twenty-five miles noith of San Francisco.
The bay of San Francisco is about sixty miles
long, by ten miles in width, extending southerly
about forty and northerly about twenty miles from
San Francisco.
The agricultural lands lie in this great valley of
the Sacramento and San Joaquin", pierced b the
rivers thus named, while 011 the western slope of
the Sierra Nevada is carried on the mining oper-
ations, and there reside three fourths of the pop-
ulation of California, all of whom are dependent
upon San Francisco and the valleys for their sup-
plies.
It will be well to bear in mind that the Sierra
Nevadas are in winter time uninhabited above an
elevation of about four thousand feet above the
sea, 011 account of the snow.
Now, what would be the position of California
in the event of a war with a foreign maiitimo
Power? The first stroke would be a blockade of
the harbor of San Francisco, the result of which
would be the entire destruction of our commerce,
and consequently a complete paralyzation of busi-
ness. Our commercial intercourse with the out-
ward world would be completely annihilated.
Whatfollows? The prices of every article of food,
clothing, usefulness, or luxury would leap sud-
denly upwards to starvation rates. Sir, the peo-
ple of the Atlantic States do not understand what
high prices mean with us. Prices with us depend
upon the foreign supply; and many a needy man,
in the early days of California, when the ocean
was free, and ships were arriving day by day with
full cargoes of piovisions, has had to pay his §200
per barrel for flour, and a dollar a pound for bacon.
How will it be when a blockade of San Francisco
shuts the door to all future supplies—when every
holder knows that his stock on hand cannot be
replenished? God forbid that I shall ever live to
see that day! You of the Atlantic States will
never be compelled, by the exigencies of war, to
cry out for bread. You will never realize the mis-
erics of Antwerp, for your granary is at hand, and
will always be full and inaccessible to your ene-
mies. But where are tbehalf million of California
to procure their bread? We have sent relief to
the suffering, starving poor of Ireland. Who will
send relief to the starving men, women, and chil-
dren of California? Be your intentions ever so
good, be your sympathies ever so great, be your
supplies ever so adequate, who will undertake to
convey those supplies to them, and how will they
reach them ?
It may be said that a blockade of the harbor of
San Francisco will not prevent the agriculturist
from pursuing his labors in the fields and valleys,
and that there we must look for supplies. Let
110 one deceive himself with that idea. I have
spoken of this blockade as the first blow which
will probably be struck. The next will be a forced
entrance into San Francisco bay. It is not to be
conceived that a powerful enemy will be content
with simply blockading the poit of San Francisco.
California is too rich a prize to lose by inaction,
and history teaches that the first-class Powers of
Europe do not despise the acquisition of valuable
territory. They are not neglectful of any favor-
able opportunity to add to those wide dominions
011 which the sun never sets.
Let us see what arc the inducements to a cam-
paign for conquest. We have there in the center
of the Pacific coast a port and harbor hardly
equaled by that of any other country on the
globe—a noble bay, stretching away, as 1 ha\e
said, forty miles to the southward, and twenty to
the northward, completely land-locked, in which
the navies of the world might ride at safety. This
harbor, accessible only by a narrow entrance, and
forming the key which unlocks or locks the in-
land navigation to a rich valley four hundred miles
in length and fifty in width—the key which holds
possession of the richest mining territory of gold
and silver in the known world, whose annual
yield of the precious metals is not far short of
§100,000,000—a territory which employs a half
a million of people ill its development; a magnif-
icent city of nearly one hundred thousand inhab-
itants lies at its entrance, with its wharves and
docks, its custom-house and mint, its costly pub
lie buildings and private dwellings; commanding
this entrance arc a system of fortifications on
