1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
in 1842, through Lord Ashburton to Mr. Web-*
ster, insisted on these barbarous and hateful rules
of maritime law. This is progress.
The England which, on the 30th of November
last, through Earl Russell, protested that certain
individuals had been forcibly taken by an Ameri-
can ship-of-war from on board a British vessel,
" the ship ofanc.utral Power, while such vessel was
pursuing a lawful and innocent voyage; an act of
violence which was an affront to the British flag
and a violation of international law,'s is very unlike
that England—as she is described by one of her
economists—whose mode of carrying out the Brit-
ish claim to search and seize the property of an en-
emy wherever found, was so vexatious, overbear-
ing, and insolent, that the vessels of neutrals were
driven from thcircourse,detained for hours,losing
fair winds and line opportunities, and their cap-
tains and crews often seized and always insulted,
the arbitrary officers of whose men-of-war, with
unlimited and arbitrary power, did not treat their
own crcws or their own merchant ships with for-
bearance and humanity; who despised all foreign-
ers, particularly the Yankees, often treating them
with rudeness and arrogance, utterly careless of
causing them unnecessary delay. Here again is
conspicuous reform!
The England of to-day, with her Oxford pro-
fessorship of international law and her increasing
regard for the rights of others, is very unlike that
England whose prize court decisions from 1793
to 1815 strained every belligerent right to the ut-
termost and imposed prohibition on prohibition
upon neutrals, until 44 neutrality itself was pro-
hibited/' Still another stride!
The England which now protests against stone
blockades and the spoliation of harbors, hardly
seems like the England in Napoleonic times, when
she set us the example in a foreign harbor which
wc have chosen to follow in our own. This is
another step forward. The England which now
demands an effective blockade, "maintained by
a force sufficient really to prevent access to the
coast of the enemy, and which inquires care-
fully in her Parliament as to the number and ton-
nage of the vessels which are alleged to have run
the blockade instituted by ourselves of our own
harbors, is hardly the England which pretended
that the whole of the soa-board of Franco was
blockaded in consequence of her paper proclama-
tion and of its geographical position with respect
to the English coasts. Here is an immense stride !
The England Af to-day, which disputes as to
the efficiency of our blockade, with cotton at five-
pence in New Orleans and twelvepence in Liver-
pool, is not the England of a half century ago,
when by her pretenses of "prevention and pur-
suit," she made her cruisers on one side of the
world the avengers of a broken paper blockade of
the coasts on the other side! England to-day
tardily yields to the Paris propositions—still she
yields—but how unlike that England the bellig-
erent, when, as Hautefeuille says, "she perse-
cuted and destroyed neutral navies to preserve that
naval power which, by the special favor of Prov-
idence, she derived from the valor of her people,
(Orderin Council of 19th November, 1787) a power
which she declared essential for the happiness and
independence of mankind!" How unlike that
England of 1787, is this England of 1854, when the
Crimean war began, and when she rcnunciated her
right to seize hostile goods under neutral flags,
and allowed reasonable time for Russian vessels
lying in English ports to clear out, and even re-
fused letters of marque to her privateers!
These late deviations from old English practice
are both politic and mcrciful. The material and
mercantile advantages which France and the Uni-
ted States perceive from such a policy would ac-
crue to England in far greater measure than by
claiming technical rights, decided by her admi-
ralty courts or codified m her own lex gentium.
Her ancient practice was dictated by her desue to
vindicate her maritime greatness, and crush the
aspirations of naval competitors. It agreed with
the formalized traditions of venerable tribunals
sanctioning the harsh customs of war, and incon-
sistent with fair play upon the seas.
To sustain this practice, she reasoned thus: a
hostile vessel, with neutral goods, rivaled her in
the carrying trade. It was taking from nations,
while neutral, pro ianto, certain profits, a propor-
tion of which would eventually swell the resources
of the enemy with whom she was at war. That
must be stopped. Again: a neutral ship, carrying
hostile goods, likewise encouraged the commerce,
extended the relations, and indirectly augmented
the wealth of the foe. That, too, must be stopped.
So in either case the enemy was benefited by the
impunity and damnified by the stoppage of such
traffic. Her public opinion sanctified any way,
direct or indirect, to cripple an enemy to Eng-
land. Thus millions of confiscated commerce
fell beneath her rapacious greed. Opinion and
practice have changed, and England has changed
with them in a large measure. But there is room
for still greater reform on her part, to say noth-
ing of the danger of her relapse, before indicated.
Public opinion and practice have changed, be-
cause the relative commerce of the world has
changed during the long intervals of peace in
Europe and America. France has now a navy
nearly equal to that of England. She is no longer
the timid Power upon the sea which Nelson shat-
tered, and which Napoleon lamented. The com-
mercial marine of this country has advanced more
than fivefold since the Revolution, and from three
quarters of a million of tonnage at the close of the
late war of 1812 to five and a half millions of ton-
nage at the present time, and of that marine a
large part of it has, by recent events, been in-
spired with the genius of steam, is being clad in
armor of iron, and its total tonnage exceeds by
five hundred thousand tons that of our great Eng-
lish rival.
It is the very height of unwisdom for English
laggards to rummage up from old treatises on in-
ternational law,from the proud-mouthed speeches
uttered in Parliament about Britannia and the
waves, and from decisions of her admiralty courts,
an obsolete claim to make herself the buccaneer
or Algerine of the seas—the nuisance and terror
of the ocean. England should rather consult the
wisdom of her best statesmen, who, like Earl
Grey, in 1856, declared that, by the mere increase
of sea-going ships, the right of search after the
property of belligerents embarked on neutrals
had become an utter impracticability, and all that
was ever written by the publicists of every nation
cannot make it practicable. He warned his nation
then, that if she claimed for herself the right, she
must allow the same power to be exercised against
her; and as if foreseeing the Trent case, he said:
u How would Rriti,>h Miipownoi^ Mibmit to the exercise
o( such a nsjlit if tln< eountiy [Finland] .should be placed
in the position of a neutral ? Jlmv would they endure it,
Hint ves^eN Jiom New Yoik or New Orleans, laden with
cotton, which our maiinUounci'K won  anxiously oxpeet-
m«r, s-hould he stopped by Fieneh cim-ei*-, m ca>e Fiance
and the United States were at war, and conveyed to French
poits, white the Ficnch couit^ inquued win tlu-r the cai^oes
wuie the piopeity of Ameiieans or of Engli>hmen ?;'
While, therefore, wc are becoming, by the pres-
sure of domestic rebellion, more, able to take care
of our interests at sea, with the aid of gunboats and
steamersanda marine ofarmed cruisersand priva-
teers, ever ready, so long as private property is
not made inviolable to the public cruisers of an
enemy, England has lowered her tone and altered
her policy to conform to the changed relations
which her navy bears to the rest of the world.
Therefore no time was ever more auspicious for
the assemblage of the maritime Powers, to create,
in 1860, a neutral coalition like that of 1609 and
1780, " which, by uniting in one body, all the
scattered forces of all neutrals, will secure to each
the respect and security which they cannot obtain
while remaining isolated." Now is the favorable
time from which to date a new epoch in inter-
national law, of which the distinguishing feature
shall be, a respect for property. i would carry it
so far as to respect all the property of an enemy
not actually employed as contraband, and even
to soften the rigor of those i ules which make con-
traband as elastic in definition as the strength
which defines it js powerful. Now is the time to
fix the rules of blockade beyond cavil—I mean
blockade international. I do not regard the block-
ade of our own ports as international. It is a
municipal regulation to put down a rebellion, as
to which other nations are not to be consulted,
and over which, as it is a domestic question, they
have no control. The world may not now, but
soon will be, ready to exempt all unfortified coasts
and cities fi om blockade,and all privatcproperty,
by land and ^ea, from capture, except when mod
to aid the war. This would be a corollary from
the proposition to give immunity to private prop-
erty, by limiting the war to an armed duello of na-
tions. Now is the time to stop powerful naviesfrom
irritating searches of neutral vessels on the sea,
and from conveying such vessels and the property
therein belonging to the subjects of States belli-
gerent to distant ports for confiscation. Now is
the time to give vigor to the maxims of Mr.
Webster, of August 8, 1845, that the entry into
the vessel of a neutral by a belligerent is like the
entry into its territory, is an act of force, and is,
prima faciei a wrong, a trespass, which can only
be justified when done for some purpose allowed
to form a sufficient justification by the law of na-
tions, whose sphere is the ocean, and under the
sanction of which law any merchant vessel oil
the seas is under the protection of her own nation.
Now is the time to give practical development
to the gre£t American doctrine, not by adopting
the Paris declarations, unless as a preliminary
step towards a complete reform of the maritime
law, whose effect will free the seas from the whirl-
winds and maelstroms of war, and place in the
hands of commerce the palm and the olive—vic-
tory and peace!
The surrender of our insurgent embassadors to
the demand of a neutral Power is of little moment,
if it be the occasion for a settlement of the law in
favor of neutral rights. This country would, in
one sense, be repaid for the terrible trials of its
present domestic conflict, if out of it arises such
a policy as will free the millions which are every
day embarked upon the main from the atrocities
of war. If the extent to which it is legitimate to
injure an enemy in time of war, by land and sea,
shall be defined in the interest of humanity through
our exertions, how magnificent will be our reward!
Millions yet unborn shall bless America! God
will smile upon us with signal benignity!
One of the topics cognate to that of neutral
rights—indeed, the principle lying at its root—is
the amelioration of war-by giving to it laws and
smoothing its wrinkled front. For this purpose
a great and Christian nation, cither in a congress
of nations, or in its domestic councils,mightwell
inquire: First, whether if war come, it is not de-
sirable to make it as short as possible; secondly,
how to make it short; thirdly, whether its in-
jures to non-combatants of whatever trade, age,
condition, and sex, tend to its brevity? The re-
sult of such inquiries would show to the dispas-
sionate nations that wars are not shortened, but
prolonged, by rapme,cruelty, pillage, and revenge.
Such is the history of the savage tribes, and of the
middle ages. I heartily agree with the conclu-
sions of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Thomas] who has justspoken, and who very hap-
pily reached the same conclusions to which my
own thoughts tend, with reference to the rules of
war upon the land with respect to private prop-
erty. All the history of mankind shows that a
war wherein towns arc sacked, property confis-
cated, villages burned, fields laid waste, the inhab-
itants treated with contumely, penalties, insults,
and barbarities, does not hurry, but procrastin-
ates peace. By such means the object of the war,
which is peace, is frustrated. Atrocities arc the
seeds of future strife. They stimulate conflict and
perpetuate hate. Every such contest is sure to be
renewed when the two antagonists recover from
their exhaustion. This reasoning seems to have
been adopted with regard to warfare upon the land
by all the moralists of our time. If true for the
land, why not for the sea ?
Again: war is now an affair of Government, not
of individuals. No man can now go to war un-
less he becomes a part of the official organization
of his Government. Hence, no spoliation of the
effects of non-combatants, and no appropriation
of individual property without compensation,
should be allowed. Why not adopt this doctrine
upon the sea, both with regard to public and pri-
vate armed vessels? Reforms are being made in
this connection by the silent progress of opinion
and the adjudications of the courts. Until re-
cently the theory and practice were, that war dis-
solved contracts between individuals. Private
property of enemies found in the country at the
commencement of hostilities was confiscated. But
even an English judge. Lord Ellenborough, de-
clared that the Danish act which confiscated pri-
vate debts was illegal. (6 Maule & Selwyn, p.
1 92.) And the great Powers of Europe atthocom-
I mencemont of the Crimean war provided against
the spoliation of enemies' property found in their
ports at the breaking out of hostilities.
