1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery in the District—Mr. Hutchins.
Ho. of Reps.
serpent and pelican, representing slavery and dis-
union, There can be no question as to the position
which the people occupy. Let us, then, procras-
tinate, no longer the hour which they have so long
in vain looked for. Let the news go forth on the
wmgs of the wind that the national capital is ran-
somed from slavery, and it shall nerve the arms
of your soldiers, and strengthen the hold of the
Government in the hearts of the people.
Mr. Chairman, the struggles and hopes of
many long and weary years are centered in this
eventful hour. The cry of the oppressed,"how
long, 0 Lord; how long?" is to be answered to-
day by the American Congress. A sublime act
of justicc is now to be recorded where it will never
be obliterated, and, so far as the action of the-Rep-
resentatives of the people can decree it, the fitting
words of the President, spoken in his recent spe-
cial message, " initiate and emancipate,"shall
have a life coequal with the Republic. God lias set
his seal upon these priceless words, and they, with
the memory of him who uttered them, shall live
in the hearts of the people forever. The golden
morn, so anxiously looked for by the friends of
freedom in the United States, has dawned. A
second national jubilee will henceforth be added
to the calendar. The brave words heretofore
uttered in behalf of humanity in this Hall, like
" iTread cast upon the waters,'* are now " to 10-
turn after many days"and find vindication of their
purposes in a decree of freedom. The command
of God to let the oppressed go free, is dcclarexl to
ho our duty, not only by our patrioticPivsident,
but by both branches of our national Congress;
and let us hope thatfrom this time henceforth and
forever, this nation is never again to be humilia-
ted and disgraced by being responsible for the ex-
istence and continuance of human slavery. No
longer within our national jurisdiction, where Con-
giess hcis constitutional power to pi uhibit it, shall
slavery be tolerated. The nation is to-day enter-
ing upon a pohey which connot bo reversed;and
justice is vindicated, humanity recognized, and
God obeyed. In .the beautiful words of Mi\s.
Howe:
"He lias sounded forth the trumpet that shall never call
retreat;
He Is sifung out the hearts of men befoie Ilio judgment
*eat:
Oil, he swift, my soul, to answer Him! he jubilant my
feet!
Om God i-i matching on.
In the beauty or the lilies, Christ was born aero?s the sea.
With a glory m Ills bo'-om that transfigures you and me;
As He died to make men holy, let us die to m<ike men free.
While God is matching on."
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN IIUTCIIINS,
Of OHIO,
In tiie House op Representatives,
Jipril 11, 18C2,
On tlio bill for Uierelease ofceitain pcisonsheklto service
or labor in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HUTCHINS said:
Mr. Chairman: The measure under considera-
tion lias an importance beyond tiie one thousand
or fifteen hundred persons whom it proposes to
ransom from slavery. If this bill become a law,
it will be an official and national recognition that
slavery is a moral and political evil, which ought
to be abolished everywhere as soon as practicable.
For sixty-one years we have been a slaveholdmg
nation, at least ni form. On the 27th day of Feb-
ruary, 1801, Congress enacted that the laws of the
State ofMaiyland then in force should be and con-
tinue in force m that part of the District of Colum-
bia which was ceded by that State to the United
States, and by them accepted for a permanent seat
of Government. Among the laws then in force
in Maryland were the following:
'• All negroe* and other slaves, already itnpoitcd or liere-
at'tci to be unpolled into tins province, and all children
now boi n or lie) ealterto be bom of sueh nejiroe.-. and slaves,
shall be slaves tlui ing their natuial lives.''—Laws of Mary-
land, 1715. chap. 44. 'see. 22.
"No negro, by reectvmg the sacrament of baptism, is
hereby manumitted or set Tree, nor hath any right or title to
freedom or manumission more than he or she had before."—
Lavs of Maryland, 1715, chap. 44, fee. 23.
"If any ne<rio oi other slave shall r-lnk.' any win to pei-
son.it snail be lawful, upon proof being made thereof, eitiu i
by the oath ot the paity so struck or otherwise, before any
justice of the peace, foi such justicc to cause one of the
negro or other slave's ears so offending to be cropped."—
Laws of Maryland, 1723, chap. 15, sec. 4.
It appears that certain good people in Mary-
land failed to have their slaves receive the rite of
baptism, upon the hypothesis that thereby they
would be entitled to their freedom; hence the pre-
amble to the law on that subjcct which I have
quoted reads as follows:
" And forasmuch as many people have neglectcd to bap-
tize their negioesor suffer them to be baptized,on a ram
appichension that negroes, by receiving the sacrament of
baptism, are thereby manumitted and bet fiee, be it hereby
enacted," &e.
It was thus early settled, so far as human law
can settle it, in Maryland, thatonc Christian may
hold another Christian in slavery. There were
many other laws in forcc in Maryland on the 527th
day of February, 1801, concerning slaves and their
treatment, which Congress, by its act of that date,
extended over the District. For the purpose of
the present discussion it is not necessary to quote
them. These laws have been denominated the
black code of the District, and an examination of
them will show them to be black, brutal, barbar-
ous, and bloody. I presume, nevertheless, they
arc necessary for the maintenance of slavery. I
take issue with the distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] who has just ad- I
diessed the committee. Me saysslavery is legally
here in the District, and has been for two hundred
years, and that the slaveholder has the same legal
right to hold his slaves in this District that he has
any property. In other words, that the tenure
by which persons are held as property is as sac-rcd
as the tenure by which any item of personal or
real estate is held in this District. I deny this,
and, on the contrary, I maintain that there has
been no legal slavery here since the General Gov-
ernment accepted from Maryland that part of the
District of Columbia which now constitutes the
national capital-, that since that time slavery has
been in this District a us.upation without justicc
or law to sustain it.
This position is not new. It has been ably
argued in Congiess and out of it, and the argument
has never been answerod;and it never will be suc-
cessfully answered. I shall only state it now with-
out detail. The only law m Maryland in force
when the United States Government accepted the
cession of this District which undertook to legalize
slavery, is the one I first quoted above, and refer-
ence to it will show that slavery is limited to the
natural lives of the following persons: first, all
negroes and other slaves already (in 1715) im-
ported ; second, all negroes and other slaves tnere-
afterto be imported; and third, all children now
(1715) born, or thereafter to be born, of such negroes
and slaves. If it is admitted that Congress could
constitutionally adopt or enact this Maryland law
for the District of Columbia, after that State had
cedcd it to the United States, to make valid the
master's chum to a slave undei this law it must
be shown that the slave was imported prior or sub-
sequent to the date of the Maryland statute, (1715,)
or that he or she is a child of sac/t slave. I pre- \
sume there are now no such description of persons |
in this District. Congress has not attempted to j
legalize slavery by the cnactmeni of any other law !
for the Distiict. It is an acknowledged rule of \
construction, as old as civilized jurisprudence, that j
penal statutes, or statutesrestrainingnatuialnghts i
should be stricily construed. By this rule, slavery '
cannot be extended to the grandchildren of the
poisons mentioned m the statute. The attainder is, -
by the express terms of the statute, exhausted on i
the children of the poisons therein described. The
public sentiment of Maryland in 1715 was not for 1
perpetual slavery. As late, in Maryland, as the !
adoption of the United States Constitution, the
leading men of Maryland supposed that the insti-
tution " would be evanescent and pass away." ■
Luther Martin, attorney general of Maryland, and
a delegate from ti^atState in the convention which
framed the Constitution, opposed the Constitution
because, among other reasons, it did not put an
end to slavery and the slave trade; and in a speech
to the Maryland Legislature in 1788, giving rea-
sons why the Constitution should not be adopted, (
used the following language:
  You will peiceive, ^ir, not only that the General Gov-
ernment is pt olubited from lnteri'ci mg in the slave uade 1
befoie the year 1808, but there is no provision in the Con- !
stitution that it shall afteiwaids bo piohibited, noi any ?-e-
curity that such proposition will ever take place; and / think
theie is great reason to believe that if the impoitation of
slaves is permitted until the year 1808, it will not be pio-
hibited atterward. At this time we do not generally hold
this commerce in so great abhorrence as we have done—
when our liberties were at s>take we warnilv felt for the
common rights of men, the danger being thought to be past
which threatened ourselves—we are daily giowing more
insensible to those rights. la those States who have re-
strained or prohibited the Importation of slaves, it is only
done by legislative acts which may be repealed. When these
States find that they must, in their national ehaiacter and
connection, suffer in the displace and share in the incon-
veniences attendant upon that detestable and iniquitous
traffic, they may be desnous also to share in tiie benefits
arising ft om it, and f he odium attending it will be greatly
effaced by the function winch is given to it by the General
Government."
The Legislature of Maryland since the cession
of this District to the United States, conscious
that the statute which I have quoted did not pro-
vide for perpetual slavery, has passed a new stat-
ute extending slavery to negroes and other slaves
and their posterity generally. (Sec Revised Statutes
of Maryland.)
But, Mr. Chairman, there is no legal slavery in
this District, because Congress has no constitu-
tional authority to cither adopt or enact a law en-
slaving any person. Congress can no more make
a slave than it can create a king. The clause in
the Constitution giving Congress exclusive juns-
diction only excludes other legislative authority.
Congress can only legislate for the District within
the limits of the Constitution. This the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] frankly
admits, as I understood him. He belongs to that
school of lawyers and politicians who, just now,
arc filling our ears with exhortations to keep
within the expicss and implied powers of the Con-
stitution, and that if one lotterof the Constitution
is violated to save the balance of it, the whole
fabnc will be in ruins. I ask gentlemen what
clause of the Constitution gives Congress power
to make any prison a slave? 11 cannot be !nund
among the ex press or implied poweis of the Con-
stitution. If Congnss «.an adopt oi enact a law
reducing one description of persons to slaveiy, it
can another; foP the Constitution, in the grants of
power to Congress, makes no distinction as to
race, color, or size of persons. If persons of Af-
rican descent are legally held in slavery here, Con-
gress can, as soon as a law can be passed, make
slaves of the balance of the residents of the Dis-
trict. Any law which Congress might attempt to
pass, reducing persons to slavery within its juiis-
diction, would be not only void for the want of
power to pass it, but it would violate the spirit of
the Constitution as well as plain clauses prohib-
iting Congress from passing such a law. The
spirit of the Constitution is " to secure the bless-
ings of liberty," and not to perpetuate the cursc
of slavery. The Constitution provides that "no
hill of attainder shall be passed." Chief Justice
Marshall, in the case of Fletcher vs. Peck, (6
Cranch, p. 138,) states:
u A bill of attainder may affect the life of ,i  individual,
or may confiscate his piopeity, oi ma\dobotli. In thin
foim the power of the Legislature, over the lives and for-
tunes of individual* u expressly restrained."
Mr. Justice Stoiy, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, says, (sec. 1344:)
<• Kills of attainder, as they are technically called, are
such special act* ot legislation a** inflict capital punishment
upon potions supposed to be guilty of high oIfense-<, such
a* treason and felony, without any conviction in the ordi-
nary course of judicial proceedings. It an net inllicN a
milder degree ot punishment it is called a bill ot [intii- and
penalties. Hut in the sciim' of the Constitution, it seems
that bills ofaitaimt' i nn.ludu bill-, of pain-, and penalties."
A law that provides that a mother and her chil-
dren without crime shall endure a life-long servi-
tude, is a tei rific bill of attainder, for it inflicts
pains and penalties without trial or judgment. It
attaints the bloodofthe child by reason of the con-
dition of the mother. ii Partus sequitur rentrcm,"
(theoffspring follows the condition of the mother,)
is the legal maxim of slavery. 1 am well aware
that bills of attainder, as generally used m law
books, are applied to other crimes than slavery,
but the definition by Marshall and Story, quoted
above, of bills of attainder as used in the Consti-
tution, is broad enough to embrace slavery.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] said in his speech, " the Constitution did not
use the word in any technical sense." The Con-
stitution further provides that no person shall be
