1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1623
The object of reform in this matter is to sepa-
rate private citizens, and especially the producing
classes, from those whose business it is to carry-
on the war; and to exempt the former as much as
possible from the consequences of war. This was
the declared object of the American statesmen,
Franklin, Washington, Jefferson, Hamilton,
Gtuincy Adams, Clay, and Marcy in the action
taken by them 011 the occasions to which I have
referred. What is now wanted is the formaliza-
tion of these doctrines by a congress of the mari-
time Powers.
This brings me to the question of privateers.
The committee do not favor their abolition, ex-
cept it be accompanied with such a reform, like
that proposed by Mr. Marcy, as will obviate the
necessity for their use by a nation like ours with
a large commerce and a smali Navy. Privateer-
ing may be a denationalization of the contest for
private gain, but public spoliation of private prop-
erty is none the less detestable. Both inflict great
injury to one nation, but without corresponding
benefit to the other. In our time, steam has greatly
alleviated the injuries caused by privateering.
Even that smart craft, the Sumter, is but an ac-
cident and an exception. The United States has
been willing to abolish privateering, on the prin-
ciple that private property of unoffending non-
combatants, though enemies, should be exempt
from the ravages of war. This principle must be
adopted as a principle. Unless it be adopted as
a principle, there is nothing gained, but much dis-
advantage, inequality, and"loss. If you disallow
privateers to prey on private property, and allow
public vessels of war to do it, what principle is
gained? The principle involved is the protection
of property, not the mode of its destruction. If
you are to except property from seizure by pri-
vate armed vessels, and allow public cruisers to
do the same tiling, you might as well say that
steam vessels should be allowed to prey 011 pri-
vate property, but sailing vessels ought to be for-
bidden. Indeed, it is far moie wrongful to allow
public than private vessels to commit such devas-
tation. The Ameucan principle must be adopted,
otherwise the simender of pilvateenng is only a
partial alleviation of the injuries to private prop-
erty 011 the sea. So long as private property can
be seized or molested by public armed cruisers, it
enjoys no immunity; it might as well be at the
mercy of privateers. Says Mr. Marcy:
<• If such piopeuy is to remain exposed to seizine hy ships
belonging to tho navy of rhc advciso patty, it e.\nomely
difiieult to peiceive why if. >houid not, ni like manner, be
exposed to t-eizuie by puvatcen. which are, in fact, but
another bianch of th<> public (oite of the nation eoniim*-
MOPini: thoni. !f it lie mired that a participation in tin1
puse*> N calculated to stimulate' eupirfin, tint, a> a peculiar
objection, is icmoved b> the fact that the >amc pa^-iou is
adduced by the di^tubution ot pnzc-nicmey among the offi-
cer and ships ot a legular navy."
Therefore, Mr. Marcy was In favor of relying1
upon our mercantile marine to protect our com-
merce, until private property received lull immu-
nity from pubiic armed vessels as well as priva-
teers. lie apprehended that, if privateers were ;
abandoned, the dominion over the seas would he 1
surrendered to those Powers which adopt the poi- 1
icy and which have the means of keeping up largo '
navies. That Power which has a decided naval |
superiority would he potentially the mistress of [
the ocean. Hence England refused Mr. Muicy's [
proposition. Hence Prance, Austria, Prussia, j
Russia, Italy, and other maritime Powers would j
accept it. For, if privateers were abolished and i
private propyl ty were respected by both public !
and private armed ships, the dominion of the |
ocean would begiven up to the pui suits of peace, I
nations would find it for their interest to keep but j
a small navy, and the calamities of war would be
confined to belligerents themselves, while neutrals
would pursue their oidinary tiade piosperously
and unmolested. In that event, it would be seen
that it its neither desirable, dignified, nor effective j
to injure the unoffending merchant, and that lib- !
eral concessions to neutral flags and neutral car- I
goes would be an advantage to the State granting |
them as well as to the State with which it was at
war. Then it would be seen, too, that it is neither j
cluvahicnor Christian to involve those in the hor- i
rors of a war m which they took no part, either !
in its origin or prosecution. j
I do not despair of biinging England into the .
alliancc for neutral rights* at least so far as priva- '
teering is concerned. She would abolish it to- !
morrow, so far as the United States are concerned,
but she is loth to give up her immense navy, which
is our equivalent for the abolition. She has a lively
recollcction, recently refreshed by Mr. Bright, of
what our privateers did for her commerce in our
late war. In 1834, her tonnage was three million
five hundred thousand tons, and when her exports
were c£40,000,000, and her imports the same; and
during the two years of that war our privateers
took twenty-five hundred of her ships, worth
<£21,000,000, or #107,000,000. Now, with a ton-
nage four times as great, between twelve and thir-
teen millions of tons, with imports and exports
upwards of <£120,000,000, and with the American
marine increased even more, what might not Eng-
land suffer from our militia of the sea? Do you
not think that, in fear of the renewal of such con-
sequences, she will be anxious to make us her
belligerent, or that, if thus anxious, she will not
agree to relieve private property from capture by
public as well as private cruisers?
If on land wc apply these principles to private
property, why should we not further limit the
consequences of war by lessening the objects of
its attack; in other words, by narrowing the arena
of strife upon the sea, as well as upon the land; by
making war a duello between combatants and nota
devastation of neutrals. If we narrow the theater
of war on land to the camp and the beleagured
fort or city, why on the water should it not be
narrowed to the ocean armament and the block-
aded fort or assailed port ? If upon land we do not
infest the tranquil home with violence, and if the
graces of art and the libraries of knowledge are
free from the spoiler, why destroy the peaceful
occupations of commerce on the sea with the hot
passions of war? Why place m jeopardy the
immense trading interests of nations ? Why ex-
pend immense sums in insuring catgoes from the
"king's enemies5" Why place before the cu-
pidity of men or nations the golden freightage of
California and Australia, and the steamers and
packets which connect Europe with America, and
both with the Oneni r Why offer up to a worse
than heathen Nemesis, the peaceful craft which,
atgicat peril, supply our daily wants, and waft
to us the teas and spices, sugars and silks, of the
world? Why arouse the ardoisof war in despoil-
ing neutral commerce under suspicions of hostil-
ity ? Why not forever banish from that common
of the world—the free sea—the prying,avaricious,
and revengeful belligerent, whether he sail under
a letter of marque or a legal commission as a public
crusset ? Why compel the neutral to arm, or what
is worse, to profit slyly by the restrictions of war
and the chances of immunity* Why embroil the
commerce of mankind with the difficulties and dan-
gers of a quarrel between two monarchs, or a
punctilio between two ministers, resulting in war,
and a war too which would inflame other nations
in a general conflagrntion ? Why not imitate the
benign example of Pi ovidence, by ruling the rag-
ing of the seas: or the. more beautiful example of
the Savioui, who said to the tempestuous waves,
" Pcace, be still
How eminently desirable, therefore, is it to pre-
vent such calamities by fixed and authoritative
rules of international conduct! How desirable for
belligerents! How much more so for neutrals!
Such reforms, as I have indicated, must be the
ptoductof public opinion. In this age, the em-
pire of opinion is only divided by the reign of that
universal conscience which is informed and in-
spired by its teachings. When these influences
rule in the cabinets and councils ofnations, we may
hail their supremacy as the " Instauratio Magna"
of jundicia! reason m the world of notions !
l^or the purpose of contributing to that opinion
and conscience, which is the souice of the law of
nations, and of expressing the judgment of the
Atneiicau Congress and people, the committee
will leport back the resolutions last refeired to
them, with an amendment, thanking the other
Powers beside Prance, for their liberal sympathy
in behalf of neutral rights. I trust that the Amer-
ican Congress will adopt them, and thus vindicate
and elevate into us proper place the great Ameri-
can doctrine, which would enfiancbisecommerce,
guaranty peace, and give an impulse to civilization.
Mr. NIXON obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, who moved that the
committee du now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported thatthe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill (S. No. 103) for the relief of certain persons
held to service or labor in the District of Colum-
bia, and had come to no resolution thereon. -
And then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM, (at
five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 11, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 10th
instant, in relation to the disposition made of the
vessels captured by General Burnsideat Roanoke
island, stating that no report has been made by
that officer respecting the disposition made of
those vessels; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bilJ (H. R.No.
242) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th
June, 1862.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
259) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1863.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 389) to establish certain
post routes; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had insisted on its amendments to the bill (S. No.
188) to increase the efficiency of the medical de-
partment of the Army, disagreed to by the Senate,
had agreed to the conference asked by the Sen-
ate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. F. P. Blair of
Missouri, Mr. Edward McPiierson of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. John B. Steele of New York,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. No. 26) ex-
planatory of a certain act therein mentioned, with
amendments; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
*'INA1, ADJOURNMENT.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a lesolution for closing the present
session of Congress by an adjournment on the
third Monday of May next, at twelve o'clock; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the petition of Henry Spaldingand seven-
teen others, citizens of Essex, Vermont, praying
for the total abolition of slavery throughout the
country; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Lebanon, Madison county, New York,
praying Congress to provide by law for calling on
all the inhabitants of the United States, of all con-
ditions, bond and free, to aid in support of the
Government; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
John Evans, Governor of Colorado Territory,
praying for a modification of that clause of the
second section of the organic law of that Terri-
tory, defining the duties and powers of the Gov-
ernor, so as to conform more closely with the
spirit and genius of our free institutions; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. HENDERSON presented lesolutionsofthe
Union Merchants' Exchange of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, remonstrating against the proposed tax of
three cents per pound on iaw leaf tobacco; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
