1624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Wil-
liam B. Gibson and one hundred and thirty-six
others, citizens ofSpringville, Linn county, Iowa,
praying for the total abolition of slavery through-
out the country, which was ordered to lie 011 the
table.
He also presented six petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying for the establishment of a semi-
weekly mail route from OttumwatcPCorydon, in
that State; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The biil from the House of Representatives
(No. 389) to establish certain post routes was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 246) topro-
mote the efficiency of the corps of engineers,
reported it without amendment.
ADYERSE REPORTS OB COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the adverse report of the
Court of Claims in the case of Sweeny, Rittcn-
house, Fant & Co., have directed me to report the
same back with a resolution confirming the report
of the Court of Claims, and if there be 110 objec-
tion, I ask that it may be put 011 its passage. It
isajoint resolution, as the act ofCongress requires.
The joint resolution (S. No. 74) to confirm the
opinion of the Court of Claims adverse to the
claim of Sweeny, Rittcnliousc, Pant & Co., was
read a first time, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CLARK. I will state that in order to make
these adverse reports conclusive, the act of Con-
gress requires that they be confirmed by Con-
gress. I ask the present consideration of the res-
olution. It will take less time than to call it up
again.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is as follows:
Resolved, .$"«•> That the opinion of the Court of Claims,
adverhe to the claim of Sweeny, Rittenhouse, Fant & Co.,
bo, ami hereby if, coiiUmiwJ.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to he engrossed for
a third reading, iead the third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARK. The sumo committee, to whom
was referred the adverse report of the Court of
Claim# in the case of Thomas B. Graham, have
had that matter under consideration, and have di-
rected me to report a like resolution confirming
the report. I ask that it may be read and put on
its nassage.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 75) to confirm the opinion of the Court of
Claims adverse to the claim of Thomas B. Gra-
ham was read three times, and passed.
QUORUM OF TII33 SKNATK.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary:
Resolved, That a majority of the Senators duly cleeted and
entitled to seats in this body is a constitutional quorum.
It. O. MURPIIY.
Mr. CLARIC submitted the following; resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims, in the inves-
tigation of the facts presented in the pennon'of It. G. Mur-
phy, be authorized to send lor per.-ons and papeis.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr."WILSON, of Massachusetts, in pursuance
of notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 268) to amend an act approved Sep-
tember 18, I860, entitled An act to amend and
supplementary to the actcntitled 4 An act respect-
ing fugitives from justice and persons escaping
from the service of their masters,'" approved
February 12, 1793; which was read twice by its
title, ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
269) to create a Bureau of Agriculture and Sta-
tistics; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the bill beieferred
to the Committee on Patents and the PatentOifice.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put, I
suggest to the Senator from Connecticut that the
committee has already made a report on that sub-
ject. There is a biil now on the table which will
come up, I believe, for consideration on Monday,
to which his proposition might be moved'as a
substitute. The subject, at any rate, is now be-
fore the Senate, and therefore it seems to me it
would be better if his bill should be printed, and
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FOSTER. I have no objection to that. I
would rather have the views of the committee,
however, on the subject; but if they cannot report
on it before Monday, I am willing that it should
be printed and laid on the table.* Still I should
prefer to have the bill go to the committee, hoping
they will report on it. I move that the biil be
printed.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, and ordered to be
printed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 5242) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
30th of .Tune, 18G3, and additional appropriations
for the year ending 30th of June, 18G2, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives, and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved. That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said bill, disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and a^k a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of confcteiice on the part
of the Senate, be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Thomson, the
committee on the part of the Senate.
POST ROUTES IN INDIANA.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOlfice and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing bv law the lollovving post routes, to wit: Prom
Clark's Hill, in Tippecanoe county, via Jelfeison, to Frank-
fort, in Clinton county, Indiana, fourteen miles; and tiom
Attica, m Fountain county, Indiana, via Hob Hoy, Coal
Crook, Steam Conn'i, Ilaive>sbm , Wight's MilN  and
Svlvauia, to Annapolis, in P.uke county, Indiana, tlmty-
loui miles.
AllliKST OF UKN EKAL STONE.
Mr. McOOCJGALL. I present the following
resolution, which I ask to have printed, so that
Senators can understand it. I shall call it up on
Monday:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai he requested to in-
form the Senate at once on the following points, namely :
1. Whether or not Bngadier Geneial Charles P. Stone has
been arrested by any person m authority in the War De-
pa! tment oi in the Army of the United State*; and if he has
been so a re«ted, troin whom the order for General Stone's
arrest originally proceeded—whether the Seeretaiy himself
ot the general then commanding the aimy of the Potomac.
Al&o, whether at the tune of such attest G 'neial Stone
was not subject to the Amcic* of War, and entitled to the
benefit of them ; and n he was so -subject and entitled,
whether or not he wa^ altered foi a violation ot' any and
which of those articles; and on whose complaint Geneial
Stone was? ancsted,and by whom, if by any person-?, charges
have been presetted against him; and that the Soeretaiy of
\V.ti bo tcquc-tcd 1<> eommitnieato to the Senate the •speci-
fications under such chames as fully a> Ins present m-
loimauon will enable lum to viate tlieui. Also, whether
any, and n any, what, steps have been taken toward* the.
piopar.inon ot &ueb charges and specifications; and ifany
Mich Meps have been bo taken, wliethct ot not the pto^e-
eunon of the matter has been intrusted to the judge advo-
cate general ol' the Army, or ot the aimy of the Potomac,
or to home other, and what othci. special judge advocate;
and it not to either of said judtres advocate geneial, why
the ease ol General Stone did nonake thccustomaiyeotirse
when a general officer i< anested, and vvhcthei or not eithcj
ot the judges advocate above specially named has been, and
when, first consulted in this matter. 4. Also, whether or
not General Stone has at any tunc, and vvheu, and how
otten, in person 01 by eonnscl applied lor an immediate tiial;
and w hether he has not represented to the Seeu-taiv of War
the injustice which he supposed would lesiiitto hmi fiom
deteiring his trial by ) ea-son of the death of impoitaut wit-
nesses iu anymannei connected with the adimnistiauon of
hid late command upon the Potomac ; and what answer, if
any, lia< been made to such repic^cntation by or on behalf
of General Stone ANo, whether or not the substance
of said charges, inoie or less, has been in any, and what
way, and upon whose application, communicated to Gen-
eial Stone ; and if nor, why not; and if not. whether or not
Geneial Stone has applied diicetly or indirectly foi such
charges. 6. Also, whether any, mid what, privileges have
imned to Geneial Stone und<r the Articles of WarNo-s,
71, 79, ^0. and 83. and >2! and^23of the Revised Reg-
ulations of the Aimy, and what degree of continement
was originally ordcied in reference to General Stone, and
whether any and what etiange has bceu mad<j, and when,
from its original severity. 7. Also, if General Stone was
not arrested for some alleged violation of the Articles of
Wai, upon what pretense is he kept in close custody.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed.
MRS. CHRISTINE BARNARD,
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred a bill m favor of Mrs. Christine Barnard,
toreportit back withoutamendment, accompanied
by a report. It is a bill of very slight importance
to the public, but of great importance to a very
meritorious widow who has a proper claim against
the Government. The committee also instruct
me to ask that it be put on its passage now. The
reading of the biil and a very short report of two
or three sentences, will put the Senate in posses-
sion of the facts. I hope the Senate will allow it
to be passed at once.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 236) to
continue a pension to Christine Barnard, widow
of the late Brevet Major Moses J. Barnard, Uni-
ted States Army, was considered as in Commit-
tee of Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to continue upon the pension roll,
at the rate of thirty dollars per month, from and
after the 4th day of July, 1862, when her present
pension will expire, for and during her natural
life and widowhood, the name of Christine Bar-
nard, widow of the iate Brevet Major Moses J.
Barnard, captain of company H, regiment ofvolti-
geurs, who was twice wounded m planting the
American colors on the parapet of Chepultepec,
while storming that fortress, and who died from
disease contracted in and greatly exhanced by the
hardships and fatigues of the Mexican campaign.
The pension is to be held by her or by her chil-
dren, in accordance with existing laws in reference
to the widows and children of those who have died
from wounds or disease received or contracted in
the Mexican war.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred Senate bill No. 236, having had the same
under consideiation, reports
By special act of Congress Mrs, Christine Barnard's name
was put upon the pension roll for five years, tiom 4th July,
18.v2, and was bo continued for five yais by act appioved
1st June, 1858. Her pension will again expire on July 4,
1862, and it is the object of this hill to continue it for and
duung her natural lite and widowhood. J y act appioved
M June. ItVW. all cx^tmif five years half-pay pen-u>us weie
continued to widows duunghfe, but Mrs. Barnard's pen-
sion not being a hall-pay pension, and having beengtantcd
to her by special act, is not conMdeicd ns being included
by that act, and hence the necessity of continuing her pen-
sion tn this way, and putting her upon a footing with other
widows. Mis. Barnaul has three small children entirely
dependent upon thi.-s pension, and of them a boy rendered
entnely helpless by paralysis. The committee, m view of
the distinguished seivices by her late husband, and ot her
dependent condition, repot t the bill back to the Senate with
a lecoinmendation that it do pass.
Mr. HALE. I have not anything to say
against allowing this pension, but it strikes me
thnre is an irregularity in the way it is brought
here, which ought not to be countenanced by the
Senate. Of course I have as high an opinion of
the Committee on Military Affairs as I have of
any committee in the Senate, but the matter of
pensions does not belong to them; it is not a mat-
ter that by any rule or practice of the Senate is
committed to them; and it seems to me there is an
irregularity. I mentioned it to my friend from
| Indiana, and he gays the former bill also came
J from the Committee on Military Affairs. If so,
j it is an irregularity which ought to be stopped.
I There have been various cases of a similar char-
! actor which 1 have had to present, coming from
i various widows of officers wounded in the naval
service, but I have not thought it proper to refer
i them to the Committee on Naval Affairs, but have
I uniformly refei red them to the Committee on Pen-
sions. Simply for the sake of regularity and pre-
serving the order of the Senate, I move that this
bill be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is an irregularity
doubtless, but it occurrcd not at this point, but
when the papers were referred to the Military
Committee. That is where the irregularity com-
menced. We have examined it, and I am satis-
fied from the recitals that the Senate will always
pass the ease when it comes up. I should have
no objection to an investigation by the Committee
on Pensions,except the delay which will be there-
by occasioned. I am satisfied no one would de-
sire any delay in such a case as this, and I hope
it will not be referred now to the Committee on
