602
THE CGJSFGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
as properly the subject of immediate legislation i
as are our own forts and sea-board defenses. It
cannot be commenced too soon, and the length of
time required to construct it should be the strong-
est argument in favor of immediate action. You
may on this side be able to wait ten years without
feeling its necessity. But, sir, we upon the other
side will wait in silent suspense, in fear and trem-
bling.' Why should you hesitate longer to perform
this great act of justice to your brethren of the
Pacific? Can weaffordto lose California and our
Pacific possessions ? Are they not worth the cost
of a railroad ? How will your money mat keten-
dure the deprivation of our gold? How your
manufactories sustain the loss of our trade, as they
would with a change of tariff to suit foreign pro-
ducers? Would not your debt be lightened by
developing your intermediate Territories? If a
war should come, the cost of keeping your Pacific
States, even if you succeeded in the effort, which
would be impossible, would amount to treble the
cost of this road. Is the empire we have founded
on the Pacific not worth protection? If not, why
was it established ?
It is said that the danger of a war with England
is now past. Let us not deceive ourselves. The
hostile feeling towaids this country which seized
upon the late trivial difficulty when we were in
the midst of embarrassment and danger, and made
it the occasion of a war, still exists; and I say to
you here that the danger of a war is not past
until the lion of England has become a lamb, in-
capable of giving, or we sunk so low that we are
incapable of receiving, an insult.
Many obstacles which have heretofore delayed
action on this measure are now removed. The
factious nnd determined opposition of the Repre-
sentatives from the southern States is now with-
drawn. The difficulty of settling upon routes does
not now exist, for the question ofasouthern route
cannot enter into our discussions. The necessity
of railroads for military purposes has been dem-
onstrated by practical experience. The danger of
a foreign war has moused the public mind to the
absolute necessity of a railroad to the Pacific.
The late interference of the New Granadian au-
thorities with the transit of our prisoners across
the Isthmus of Panama warns us of the insecurity
of that route. The only objection which I hear
urged is the inability of Government to assume
new obligations, or to add to the present large debt
incurred in quelling the rebellion.
Sir, the argument that this Government is ever
too poor to do justice to all the members of
its family is not a ftur argument. But it can be
fihown clearly that this assumed additional debt
will not become a burden upon the Treasury of
the country. There are two methods by which
Government can consistently lend its aid, and by
which that aid will prove effectual, both of which
contemplate a futuie reimbursement of the nicl ad-
vanced; while from the enhanced value of the lands
along the hue, the development of mineral wealth,
and from the rapid settlement of the country, now
a wilderness, through which the road will pass,
the Government will prove a gainer in a business
point of viow.
The bill which 1 have had the honor to intro-
duce in this House contemplates the issuance of
United States bonds to be loaned to the company
at a fixed amount per mile, being about one half
the contemplated cost of the road, upon the com-
pletion of continuous sections of twenty-five and
fifty miles: also a grant of alternate sections of
the public lands for six miles upon either side of
the load.
Although I have long been in favor of a diflei ent
plan or mode of granting aid, yet inasmuch as the
plan i have named appears to have been the one
adopted by the committee at their last or Thirty-
Sixth session, it having been thoroughly discussed
and finally approved by the House, I felt almost
instructed to conform to the thus expressed ideas
of the House upon the subject, ami accordingly
introduced a bill m conformity thereto. Under
that bill I think it can be successfully demonstrated
that no great additional burden will be laid on the
Treasui y of the United Slates for many years to
come.
As before stated, the bill provides that upon the
completion of sections of a certain length, the
United States shall issue their bonds at a.certain
rate per mile to the company; also issue to them
the lands appertaining to such completed section
or division. At the rates proposed it is likely that
the total amount of bonds issued will be about
sixty millions of dollars. But it must be borne in
mind that these bonds are not to be issued at once.
At least one year after the passage of the bill will
be consumed in making the necessary surveys,
and in preparing for work; and it will not be until
at the expiration of the second year that any bonds
will be called for. If we assume the length of the
road to be two thousand miles, to be completed in
ten years, this will require the completion of an
average length of two hundred miles per year. If
we assume the whole cost to be sixty millions,
then there will be required the issuance of six mil-
lions of dollars per year—the interest on which at
six per cent, will be $360,000 per year. At the
expiration of the second year it is likely that an
issue of six millions in bonds will be called for.
But inasmuch as the interest is to be paid semi-
annually, it follows that under the provisions of
this bill, for a period of two and a half years after
its passage no payment ofinterest from the United
States Treasury is required. The payment then
becoming due will be $180,000; and at the end of
the third year it will be an additional $180,000.
The total amount of payments required at the
close of the fifth year, inclusive, will have been
$5,400,000, and the annual payment of interest on
the completion of the road will be $3,600,000. Are
these the fearful expenditures that frighten gen-
tlemen when they hear this subject mentioned?
The bill further provides that these sums shall be
repaid the Government in transportation of mails,
military stores, troops, &c., ana that Government
may in case of war take possession of and use the
road for its purposes. Even if it takes ten years
to build the road we do not wait so long for its
benefits. Every mile that is constructed bridges
the gap between the two oceans, and adds new
security to our Pacific possessions, by increasing
the facilities and diminishing the cost of defending
and supplying them.
It is believed that the Government business, at
the expiration often years, between the Atlantic
States and Ncbiaska, Colorado, Utah, Nevada,
Washington, Oregon, and California, in addition
to the mails, will have increased sufficiently to
compensate for this annual interest, while the le-
gitimate business of the road ought to be of suf-
ficient magnitude to afford a sinking fund for the
repayment of the principal.
Under this arrangement, how can the United
States become losers, or how can this grant op-
erate as a burden on the Treasury? As security
for the repayment of any funds loaned by the Gov-
ernment, the bonds operate as a first mortgage
upon a property which will have cost double their
amount.
In most of the details this bill is similar to the
one passed by this Houseatthelastsession of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress; which bill was so thor-
oughly discussed and examined by the House
during that and the preceding session that 1 deem
it unnecessary to enter into further explanations
in regard to us details. Q,uitean important alter-
ation, however, in n'gaid to the rates of appro-
priation per mile upon the western end will be
observed, which is thus explained.
It is well known that the surveys made by the
Government engineers were not close railroad
surveys, but barometrical reeonnoissances, which,
while alfording data sufficiently accurate from
which to deduce general results, do not furnish in-
formation of the character necessary to determine
with accuracy the cost of a line over a difficult
country. The estimates of distance and cost upon
the ccntral route entering California, including the
passage of the Sierra Nevada mountains, were
made upon the line surveyed, by order of Govern-
ment, by Lieutenant Hock with, whose line crossed
these mountains m the extreme northern part of
the State, via the headwaters of the Sacramento.
Since that time reconnoissances have been made
of several routes through central California,result-
ing in the discovery of an entirely new route across
the Sierra Nevada mountains, upon which an
accurate, scientific railioad survey has recently
been made by T. D. Judah, Esq..an accomplished
civil engineer, who has done more to advance the
great Pacific railroad work by years of labor and
devotion than any other man in the country. His
surveys develop the fact that, with less maximum
Shades than those employed on the Baltimore and
Ohio inilroad, this route effects a saving in dis-
tance of nearly two hundred miles, and a saving in
cost of nearly fifteen millions of dollars—no mean
items in reckoning the length and cost of a Pacific
railroad.
From my personal knowledge of the manner
in which those surveys were prosecuted, and the
recognized ability and professional skill of the
engineer, I place the utmost confidence in their
results, and have, therefore, thought proper to
avail myself of the estimates of cost of crossing the
Sierra Nevada as presented by the report of the
engineer, in determining the amount of relative
appropriations per mile across the Sierras to a
connection with Lieutenant Beckwith's line at
Lassen's Meadows or crossing of the Humboldt
river. For the information of those who may feel
interested in the matter, I will state that this report
was printed by order of the House, and has been
laid on the tables of members at the present ses-
sion.
I have said that, in view of the previous action
of this House, I felt instructed to offer a bill of the
nature I have described; yet there was another
plan upon which the road might be successfully
constructed, and my judgment has long since in-
clined me to favor a plan of Government guaran-
tee as the surest and simplest plan of extending
our aid^ This plan, after mature deliberation by
two of the greatest Powers of Europe—England
and Russia—has been adopted by them in fur-
therance of the prosecution of a system of rail-
roads in British India and in Russia, as the best
system which could be devised for thatpupose;
and in its admirable workings we may learn a
lesson of wisdom which will prove of practical
benefit to ourselves in determining our future
course upon this subject.
The length of lines sanctioned by the guarantee
of Government up to 1858, in British India, was
four thousand eight hundred and forty-seven
miles, of which three thousand and thirty-eight
miles were in the course of construction, and
would be completed during the year 1862. The
capital guarantied by Government was about
two hundred millions of dollars, of which one
fmlf had then been fully paid up—in other words,
the Government guarantied upon the entire cost
of the roads, amounting to about two hundred
millions of dollars, a per cent, profit. The theory
of the guarantee is that the lines will pay the per
cent, guarantied. If they fail to be so profitable,
the Government, under its guarantee, would make
up the deficiency for a period of years; thus in-
ducing capitalists to embark in the enterprises.
The balance the Government would supply would,
of course, be charged to the railroad company, to
be refunded in transportation of mails, troops, &c.
The cost of the construction of those roads aver-
ages §60,000 per mile.
From an interesting report to Parliament upon
the construction of railways in India, made in
1859, it appears that seven different companies
were engaged in constructing railroads in India,
under the guarantee of the Government. They
are enumerated, as follows:
The East India Company, extending from Cal-
cutta to Delhi, with a branch from Mirzapoor to
the line of the Peninsula Company at Jubbulpoor,
the total length of which is fourteen hundred
miles, and the cost of which, already completed
to Patna, has been about sixty thousand dollars
per mile. It is estimated to cost§70,000,000 com-
pleted.
The East IndiaPeninsulaCompany, from Bom-
bay northerly to the East India line at Jubbulpoor,
and southerly to meet the Madras line at Bellary.
This line was at the time of the report completed
to Poonah. Its estimated cost is $60,000,000.
The Madras Company, extending from Madras
to Beypoor, on the Malabar coast; estimated cost
£30,000,000.
The Bombay, Paroda, and Central India line,
extending from Bombay to Ahmedabad; costing
$10,000,000.
The Scinde and Pnnjaub line, from ICurrachee
to Kotree, and from Mooltan to Lahore; costing
§13,000,000.
The Bengal line from Calcutta to Dacca, with
a branch to Jessore; costing §5,000,000.
The Great Southern Company, from Salem to
Negapatam and Madura; costing $10,000,000.
These seven lines a'one, costing $200,000,000,
or twice the cost of the Pacific railroad, are at
this moment nearly completed. There are pro-
