1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
37m Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation Bill—Mr. Potvell.
Senate.
This will bring up the whole question of the
economy and morality of slavery in the States
addressed. Comparisons will be instituted be-
tween free and slave States; facts will be elicited;
opinions will be formed; judgments will be en-
lightened. This is what the advocates of slavery
fear. Slavery cannot stand the accurate scrutiny
of fine discussion. Before its ordeal it will melt
away. This is what the slaveholders in Kentucky
fear; hence the recent effort in her Legislature to
enact severe laws against even the mention of
emancipation within her borders. This will not
stop discussion. Other men less personally in-
terested in the question will come to the surface,
and the question will be discussed. 1 believe a
majority of the people of Kentucky to-day would
be glad to be rid of the institution, which has re-
tarded the growth and checked the prosperity of
the State.
Ohio is a younger State than Kentucky. Ohio
has 39,964 square miles; Kentucky has 37,680
•square miles. The population of Kentucky in
1850 was 982,405; of Ohio, 1,980,329. The value
of the real estate of Kentucky was $177,013,407;
the value of the real estate of Ohio amounted to
^337,521,075. In all other respects the compari-
son js as much in favor of Ohio.
Can there be a wall against free discussion
erected between Ohio and Kentuckyhigh enough
to keep these facts from the loyal sons of Ken-
tucky when they are called upon to consider the
emancipation resolutions passed by Congress?
Discussion will go on, it should go on, till sla-
very is extinct. It has only a " contraband" ex-
istence anywhere. It has rebelled against the
lawful and rightful authority of the Government,
and its presence is in the way of permanent peace.
Our fathers honestly supposed that it would dis-
appear before the march of Christian civilization.
They were mistaken. While sve strive to imitate
their wisdom and seek to emulate their patriot-
ism, let us be warned by their mistake. 1 am
more anxious to vote than to detain the commit-
tee longer by remarks. This bill will make the
national capital freet and then the statue of lib-
erty, fashioned by our own Crawford, will be
a fitting ornament on the finished dome of the
Capitol.    
CONFISCATION BILL,
SPEECH OF HON. L. W. POWELL,
OS1 KENTUCKY,
In the Senate, April 16, 1862.
The Senate having imdei consideration the hill (&. No.
151) to confiscate the property and iieo the slaves of rebels-
Mr. POWELL said:
Mr. President: It is seldom that any deliber-
ative body has been called upon to consider a bill
of such vast importance as the one now before us.
The Senate of the United States has rarely, if over,
had under consideration a subject of such vastaml
overwhelming magnitude. This Government is
one of limited poweis. All thtipower that can be
legitimately exercised by any or all of lis depart-
ments is derived from the Constitution. When-
over the legislative, the executive, or the judicial
department claim the right to exercise power and
it is challenged, they must show their constitu-
tional warrant; they must show the grant of power
cither in express words or by necessary implica-
tion. The tenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution declares that
" The powers not delegated to the United States hy the
ConstvtuUon, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States, lespeetively, oi to the people."
I might rest the argument here, being confident
that those who advocate the passage of this bill
can point to no clause in the Constitution that will
authorize its passage. 1 will proceed, however,
to a brief examination of the bill and state to the
Senate some of the reasons why, in inyjudgment,
it should not pass. 1 will also cite the provisions
of the Constitution that will be violated by its
passage. The Constitution defines treason, and
then gives to Congress the power to declare the
punishment of treason; and an act of Congress
passed in 1790 declared the punishmen t of treason
to be death. I will read the clauses in the Con-
stitution concerning treason:
" Treason against the United States shall consist onlym
levying war against them, 01 in adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort No pet son shall be convicted
ol uea^on unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the
same oveit act, or on confession jn open court."
" Tho Congress khall have povvci to declarc 0)0 punish-
ment of tieason, but no attainder ot' treason shall work coi-
ruptiou of Wood, or forfeiture, except during the life ofthe
peison attainted."'
Under that clause of the Constitution, I hold
that there can be no attainder or forfeiture of es-
tate in consequence of treason except by judicial
attainder, and then only for the life ofthe offender;
for the Constitution declares that " no bill of at-
tainder or ex postfaSto law shall be passed." The
full and entire extent to which Congress can go,
m the punishment of treason, so far as forfeiture
of estate is concerned, is, after judicial attainder,
to forfeit or confiscate it during- the lifetime of the
individual convicted; mid it is only for treason
and its cognate offenses that that forfeiture, in my
judgment, can take place under the Constitution.
There is another clause of the Constitution to
which I win call the attention of the Senate, and
that is the fifth amendment:
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital or oth-
erwise infamous crime unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except m case^ arising in the laud oi
naval forces or in "the militia when in actual semec, in
time of war or public danger; noi shall any person be sub-
ject, tor the t.ame offense, to be twice put In jeopardy of lite
or limb; nor shall bo compelled, in any criminal case, to be
a witness against himself; nor be deprived of hfe, libeity,
or property,without due process of law; noi shall pnvate
property be taken for public use without just compensa-
tion.'5
Those clauses when taken together, in myjiid"-
ment, present an insurmountable barrier to the
passage of the first section of this bill. In order
that I may present the bill fairly, I will read that
section. It is in these words:
"That tlic properly, real and personal, of every kind what-
soever. both corporeal and incorpou'iil, and including clinics
in action, and ivhere-oevei situated, witlnn the limit* ofilio
United l?ta!e*, [leltin^in^ to any [xiwrn or p<-i -om- beyond
tlie juu^dienon 01 tile same, 01 to any person or peisons m
any State or distuct within the United States, now in a
state ol insuirection and rebellion aL'am-t. tlie authority
tlioieof, so that 111 either ease the oidinaiy process of law
cannot tie served npon them, who shall ihmri^ the present
lehellion he found inarms against the United States, or
sivmqnid and coiitf'ott to s.ihl icbolhon. shall ho forfeited
and confiscated to the United Stales; and as to all piopcrly
which shall be soiled ami appropnaled as in-ionial'lcr pio-
vided, such lorleitme shall take immediate eli'eet upon the
eommis.-ioti ofthe net ol lorleitme, and all ria lit, lillo, and
clann ot Hie pc^on committing such act. together with the
riftht or powei to dispose of or alienate his properlyol any
aild eveiy [leseription,slt.iil mitmuly ccusc ;wd determine,
and the same shall at once vest m the United States."
It is manifest from this section of the bill that
the estates of persons engaged in this war in op-
position to the Government, who are either m
arms or aiding and assisting it, arc forfeited by
legislalivo enactment without the instrumentality
or the aid of judicial process. That is evidently
contrary to tho provisions of the Constitution that
I have read. I am fully aware that the honorable
chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the
distinguished Senator horn New York, [Mr.
Harris,] also a member of that committee, have
dcclaied to the Senate that this is not a bill of
attainder. They both ad mi t that wherever a pai ty
is convicted of tieason you cannot forfeit his estate
fora longer period than his life; butthey attempt
to avoid the application of the clause of the Con-
stitution which says no bill of attainder shall be
passed, to this section, on the ground that a bill
of attainder must necessarily be ex post facto in its
nature, and that this section applies only to those
who shall commit this offense in the future. With
great defetence to those distinguished gentlemen,
I humbly submit to the Senate whether the Con-
stitution of the United States can be circumvented
in that manner.
In order to give a just, full, and fair interpre-
tation of the Constitution or of a statute, you must
take into consideration the circumstances sur-
rounding those who made it, the evils to be cor-
rected, and the rights and privileges to be secured.
Let us examine this clause of the Constitution m
that light, and see whether or not it was not the
intention of the frnmers of our Constitution to
prevent our people from being visited by those
harsh penalties that accompanied treason in Eng-
land, the laws of which were extended to this
country. I will read a few extracts from Judge
Story on the Constitution that show very clearly,
and in language more pointed and more forcible
than any 1 could use, the reason why our fathers
inserted those clauses 111 the Constitution. Com-
menting on the first scction of the Constitution
that I have just read concerning tho punishment
of treason, Judge Stoiy says:
" It is well known that conuption of blood and forfeiture
of the estate of the offender followed, as a necessary conse-
quence, at tlie common law, upon evciy attainder of t icason.
By eoiiuption of blood all inheritable qualities arc de-
stroyed; so that an attainted person can neither inherit
lands nor other hereditaments from Ins ancestors, nor retain
those lie is already in possession of, nor tiansmit them to
any hoh. And this dcMiuctiou of all inheritable qualities
is -<o complete that it obstructs all decerns to bis posterity
whenevei they arc obliged to derive a title tlnough him to
an\, estate of a lemotci ancestor. So that if a laiher com-
mit* ucaxon, and is attainted, and puffers death, and then
the giandtuthoi die?, (lis giandson cannot inherit any estate
tioin hi* grandfathei ; lor lie must claim tlnough his father,
w ho could convoy to him no inheiitablc blood. Tims the
innocent are made the victims of a guilt m which they did
not, and perhaps could not, participate, ami the sin is vis-
ited upon remote generations. In addition to this most
giicvousdisability, the person attainted forfeits,,by the com-
mon law, all his lands and tenements, and rights of entry,
and rights of profits in lands or tenements which he pos-
se. scs. And this for/eitine ielates back to the time of the
treason committed, so as to avoid all intcunedlaro sales and
incumhiances; and he also forfeits all his goods and chat-
tels from the time of Ins conviction.—Story on the Con-
stitution, vol. 2, see. 1099, pp. 178, 179.
It was to relieve our people forever from the
harsh features ofthe English law cited by Judge
Story that caused our wise ancestors to put in our
Constitution the clauses that 1 have quoted. I
will read another cxtract from the same authority.
In commenting upon the clause of the Constitu-
tion which says, " no hill of attainder or e.r post
facto law Khali be passed," Judge Story says:
•< Bills ot attainder, as they aic technically called, are
Mich .special ads of the Icgisiatmc a* inflict eupitnl punish-
ments upon peisons supposed to be guilty of high oil'cnses,
such as tieason and ielony, without any conviction in tin;
oidht.uy couisc of judicial pioeeedtmis. If nn act uillicH
;i mildei degiee of punishment than death, it is called a hill
of pains and penalties. But in the sense ol tho Constitu-
tion, it seems HiatbilNof attaindei include hills of pains and
penalties; lot ihe Supiemc (Joint have s.ild,' a bill of at-
tainder may allect the hie of an individual, oi may confis-
cate his pioperty, or both.'"
That was decided in the case of Fletcher vs.
Peck, reported m (j Crunch—
" In stiel) ca^es the Jegislaiun: assumes judicial ntagis-
tiaoy, piououm i n jr upon the truilt ofthe. paity without, anv
ufllie common tonus and guaids oi'u i ll, and -;iu<fvmq itself
with proof?-, when such ptools are witlnn its uiach, whether
they ate eonloimablc lo the rules oi evidence or not. In
sho'ii, 111 all Mich ca-'cstbe leyislatuie excretes the highest
power ot sovm . and what may be properly deemed an
me&poiisihle despotic discretion, being governed solely by
what it deems pohtictd necessity 01 expediency, and too
often nndci the influence of unreasonable feats or un-
founded su--pieion«. Such nets have been often resoited to
in foreign Governments as a common engine ot state; and
even in England they have been pushed to the most e.uiuv-
agant extent in bad times, reaching a*; well to the absent
and the dead a:, to the living. Krtward Coke, has men-
tioned it to be among the transcendent poweis of i'arba-
ment, that an act may he p.e-sed to attaint a man after lie
is dead. And theieigmng monarch, who was slain at 15os-
woith, is haul to have been attainted h> an act of Parlia-
ment ;l iew months after bis d<>:uh, notwithstanding the ab-
smdity of deeming him at once in possession of the throne
and a uaitor. The pumsimient has otten been mlhctfd
without calling upon the paily accused t" attsw ei. or with-
out even ihe hnmality ol proof; and sometimes, beeau-o
the law, in lis ordinary coin.sc of pioeeedmg-, would acquit
tin* oflendci. The injustice and iniquity ot such acts, in
ire.ieral, constitute an lircsistible nignment a^anv-t tbo ex-
istenee ofthe power. In a freeg'oveininent it would he in-
toleiable ; and in the haiuh of a reigning taction it might be,
and piobably would be, abused to the ruin and death of the
most virtuous citizens. Bills of this sort have been most
usually parsed in Kngland in limes ot rebellion or of gross
suh&etviency to the ciown, or of violent political excite-
ments ; periods in which all nations ate mo^t liable—-a^ well
the tree as the enslaved—to loi get their duties and to trample
upon the lights and liberties ot others.Slonjon the Con-
stitution, vol. 53, f-cc. 13'M, pj). 5}3S-'-iiO.
I jinve read at length these, two sections from
Judge Story, pointing out the reasons why it was
that our fathers placed in the Constitution the
clauses that I have read. I have stated distinctly
to the Senate that, in my judgment, there could be
no confiscation for treason, except after judicial
attainder and finding by the courts, and then only
for life. This bill forfeits and confiscates the
property of these parties for the crime of treason
by legislative enactment, and consequently it is
nothing less than a bill of attainder. It is clearly
so. The great objection to bills of attainder was,
not so much that they were ex post facto in their
nature, but because they deprived the citizcn of
his property without judicial process, which is
secured to him hy the Constitution. If the two
Senators to whom I have referred are correct, that
this bill is not technically a bill of attainder, cer-
