1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
jected in British India at the piesent time twelve
thousand miles of railroad, which will cost
§600,000,000. These roads are spread like a net-
work over India, and fully attest the foresight and
sagacity of that Government in thus early recog-
nizing the absolute necessity of railroad commun-
ication as a means of strengthening the power of
the English Government in the cxercise of her
authority over these important possessions. Had
a railroad been at the command of Havelock, how
much earlier would Lucknow have been relieved
from the distresses of that awful siege.
For the consti uction of all these lines it is stated
that the Government guarantee has been given.
The companies have the power of surrendering
the works at any time after their entire comple-
tion, upon giving six months' notice to the Gov-
ernment, which undertakes to pay the amount
expended thereon by the companies. The Gov-
ernment has the power, within six months after the
expiration of twenty-five or thirty years, of pur-
chasing the railways at the mean market value in
London of the shares during the three previous
years. In case of a failure to complete these lines,
or to work them satisfactorily, the Governments
authorized to assume possession of the same, and
repay within six months the sum expended.
The Russian Government has also adopted the
same method of carrying into execution the grand
system of railroad improvements projected in that
empire. The building of these roads was under-
taken by the society of the Credit Mobilicr, which
assumes the construction of about thirty-eight
hundred versts—equal to twenty-seven hundred
miles—of railroads. The "concession" is for
eighty-five years; the capital of the company
270,000,000 silver roubles, or about $220,000,000;
the issue of shares not to exceed that amount; a
third of these shares are allotted to the Russian
Government; the shares of the company are not,
to be quoted oil the Bourse; the Govei nment guar-
antees a minimum of live per cent. By means of
these lines Russia will have obtained the power
to move her vast armies and their supplies, with
the greatest rapidity, to her frontiers. Notwith-
standing the immense debt created by the Crimean
war, the Russian Government did not falter in the
prosecution of these immense works, well know-
ing that the protection of the extremities was as
necessary to national honor and safely as that of
the center of the empire. And let me tell gentle-
men who fear to grapple with this question of a
military road, which must be built to maintain the
integrity of our country, and who fear the debt
thereby incurred, that they are in the infancy of
statesmanship, and unable to profit by the obvious
lessons the poweiful nations of Europe are teach-
ing us. The same idle security and want of com-
prehension has left us without a Navy to encoun-
ter a maritime war, when Europe was expending
vast sums upon iron-clad steamers and improved
enginery of war, before which granite defenses are
as glass; and if there is not a change of sentiment,
and some spirit infused into our counsels, some
profit seized from the example of the world, pos-
terity will have reason to reproach us that we
allowed to slip from our grasp the noblest land
the sun ever shone upon, an empire capable of
development surpassing thought, a portion of our
country that may be the center of the greatest
power and civilization the world shall ever see.
Had these rail ways of Russia been completed be-
fore the Crimean war, the fate of that war would
have been differently decided.
One distinguishing characteristic of this im-
mense Russian grant for internal improvements is
that commercial advantages-are made only a sec-
ondary consideration, the acknowledged primary
object being the construction of tho^e njads foi
their importance as military roads. Thus, upon
the line between St. Petersburg and Moscow,
about four hundred miles in length, the conven-
ience of the intermediate country was not taken
into consideration. Without respect to interven-
ing villages, towns, or cities, or districts, the load
was built in almost a straight line, having upon
its entire length only nineteen stations. All con-
siderations of traffic were spurned, and the road
was built at a cost scarecly exceeded by that of
any other railroad of equal length in the world.
It was laid out and superintended by military en-
gineers; was constructed chiefly by military labor,
and its workings are superintended by military
officers.
If, happily, we can draw instruction from the
experience of older nations as to the best mode of
advancing the prosecution of this to us great un-
dertaking, I respectfully submit if it is not the
part of wisdom to give ear to the teachings of that
experience, though it may come from a foreign
country.
Sir, if fortunately I may be able by my efforts
of this day to excite an active interest in this great
and necessary military work, 1 shall have justified
my consumption of the time of the committee.
Commercial considerations I have notdweltupon,
although important. If the House wills to aid this
grand national measure, I may by and by crave
its indulgence in further discussion of details.
I have spoken from a full heart, and from long
and anxious study; and I beg that this session
may not pass away without the inauguration of a
Pacific railroad upon one of the plans which I have
presented, or some other that shall commend itself
to the wisdom of the House.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. McKnight reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the bill of the House
(No. 242) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and
additional appropriations for thoyear ending30th
of June, 1862, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HORTON moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN-
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
OWcrcrf, That the papers relating to the claim of the Now
Yoik Indians on account ot' their Kaiif-as lands he with-
drawn from the files of the House and delivered to the agent
oi agents of said Indians.
REPORT OF CONFERENCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to submit a report from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to the
consular and diplomatic appiopnation bill. I ask
that it be read.
The report was read, and is os follows:
The committee of eonfeienco on the disagreeing vot<^ of
the two Houses, on tiie amendments to the bill (II. R. No.
3 50) making appiopt tat ions for the consular and diplomatic
expenses tor the )«ar ending June 30, 1863, and additional
approbations for the j-eai ending June 30, 1 £6*2, having
met, after full and free eonfeienec, have agieed to recom-
mend, and do recommend to then respective Houses, as
iollowh:
That the House recede from their disagieement to the
Senate's- ninth amendment, and agiee to the same.
That the Senate recede from their iourth amendment.
That the Senate concur m the amendment of the lloine
to the Senate'- font teenth amendment, with an amendment
a4* iollowh: After the woids "Newcastle-upon-Tyne,"
•strike out the woids, Ci rianta Utuz."
That the Senate concur m the amendments of the House
to the Senate's eighteenth, nineteenth, and twenty-second
amendments. W. P. FESSENDLN,
J A PEAROE,
CHARLES SUMNER,
Managers the ]>art of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
HORACE MAYNARD,
SAMUEL S. COX,
Mav.ugcrs on the part of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state succinctly what
the committee of conference have agreed to, and
what we have disagreed to. It will be recollected
that the House disagreed to the amendment of
the Senate to strike out " Liberia," and insert
" Monrovia," and to strike out " Hayti," and
insert the names of the towns at which the con-
suls should be placed. The House recede from
their disagreement to that amendment, and agree
to it.
The House inserted two consulates, one of
which was Santa Ciuz. It was found afterwards
that that was provided for ill the bill under an-
other name, and the Senate stiuck it out. The
House agrees to that amendment of the Senate.
The only other matter of any importance that I
now recollect, was the consul generalship at Flor-
ence. As thei e was likely to be a disagreement be-
tween the two Houses on that point, the gentleman
who lias received that appointment, and who is
stillm the city, desired that there should be no con-
test, so far as he was concerned, on account of the
petty salary which the House seemed to grudge
him, for he said he had no kind of desire either
for the place or the salary, and we have, there-
fore, agreed to strike out that amendment of the
Senate.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
THE TRENT AFFAIR.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States trans-
mitting, as a sequel to the correspondence on the
subject previously communicated, extracts from
a dispatch of the 20th ultimo from Mr. Adams,
the United States minister to London, to the Sec-
retary of State, and a copy of the instructions of
Earl Russell to Lord Lyons, relative to the re-
moval of certain citizens of the United States from
the British steamship Trent; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union shall
resume the consideration of the naval appropria-
tion bill, all debate thereon shall close in five min-
utes.
The motion was agreed to.
ALLOTMENT OF PRISONERS* PAY.
Mr. FOUKE. I ask the indulgence of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania for a moment. I desire
to have the House take up and pass Senate joint
resolution No. 41, in relation to the allotment tick-
ets of volunteers who are prisoners in the so-called
southern confederacy.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not the floor.
Mr. FOUKE. I ask unanimous consent to
have the joint resolution taken from the Speaker's
table.
There being 110 objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 41) in relation to allotment tickets ofpay
to persons held as prisoners of war in the so-called
confederate States, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time. It author-
izes the Secretary of War to procure from such
officers and enlisted men of the United States Army
as are now or hereafter may be held as prisoners
of war in the so-called confederate States, from
time to time, their respective allotments of pay to
their families or friends, certified by them ill writ-
ing, and duly attested, in puisuanee of such orders
as may be made by the Secretary of War for that
purpose, and upon which certified allotment he is
to cause drafts to be made payable in New York
or Boston to the order of the persons to whom the
allotments were or may be made, and to remit
those drafts to the address of such persons as
may be designated in the allotment tickets
"fhe joint resolution was read a third time, and
passed.
RESOLUTIONS OF TUB NEW YORK LEGISLATURE.
Mr. FItANK, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of the
the State of New York, requesting its Senators
and Representatives'in Congress to procure, if
possible, such modification of acts already passed
and of acts hereafter to be passed, for the purpose
of raising revenue, as that the entire amount to be
raibed m any State by any mode of taxation, ex-
cept by duties on imports, shall be ascertained by
some reasonable method, and that each State shall
he allowed to pay the same, and to collect it in ac-
cordance with its own laws and through its own
officers; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed. .
RAILROADS IX MISSOURI.
{ Mr.HOLMAN. I ask the consentof the House
i to make a report from the committee for mvest-
I lgating Government contracts. Indeed, the com-
1 mittee is entitled to make the report, having a
right to report at any time; but I prefer to put it
upon difi'eient ground. It is a substitute for a
joint lcsolution introduced a few days since by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Price.]
Mr. PENDLETON. I should like to ask the
, gentleman what be intends to do with it now r
I The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks leave
j merely to make a report. Is there any objection.
| Mr. PENDLETON. If it is designed to put
1 the bill on its passage now, I do object.
