1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the inspector or his deputy shall he sufficient evidence
to entitle the person \v)h> paid such tax 01 duty, and who
has taken the btnden or trust of administering such prop-
erty, to ho allowed for such payment by the person or per-
sons entitled to the beneficial inrerosts'in respect to which
such tax or duty was paid; and such person administering
such piopeity thai! be credited and allowed Mich payment
by everv tribunal within the United States or the Teni-
loncs thereof, or the District ot Columbia, wherein such
pioporty shall have been granted or allowed; and in case
such person ivbo has taken the burden or tiust ofadminis-
teiiri" upon any such property or peisona) estate shall re-
fuse < r neglect to pay the afoiceaid duty or tax to the col-
lector or deputy eodeetor, as aforesaid, within the time
hereinbetoie piovided, or shall neglect 01 refuse to deliver
to said collector or deputy collector the schedule, list, or
statement of such legacies, piopeity, 01 peisonal estate,
undei oath, a*. aforesaid, or shall dehvei to ••aid collector
ordeputy collector a false schedule or statement of such
legacies, property, or pers-onal estate, or give the names
and relationship of the poisons entitled to beneficial in-
terests therein untiiily. 01 bhall not truly and eouectly^et
forth and ^tate therein the clear value of'such beneficial
interest, or wheie no udmiui^tiation upon such piopcrry
or personal estate shall have been granted or allowed
under existing laws, the propei officer of the United States
shall commence such proceeding* in law or equity before
any court ot the United State* as may be pt operand neees-
saty to entoice and ieali/.e the hen or chame upon such
pioperty or personal estate, or any pait thereof, for winch
sueli lax or duty has not been truly and justly paid. Under
such pioeeeduii:? the rate of duty or tax. enfoieed <>hall he
the busiest late imposed or a^e^ed by this act. and shall
be in the name of the United States against such person or
pei-sons a-s may have the actual or conductive custody or
po^ecMon of such property or personal estate, or any part
thereof, and shall subject such property or pei^dnal estate,
or any portion of the same, to be sold upon the judgment
or decree of Mich court, and fiom the proceed-* of such sale,
the amount ot such tax or duty,togetheru ith all cosUand
expenses of eveiy desciiptiou to be allowed by such court,
shall be fir^t paid, and the balance, if any. deport* d ac-
cording to the oulci of such court, to be paid undent^ di-
rection to such peison 01 pei>on-5 as shall establish then
lawful title to the same. The deed or deeds, or any pioper
conveyance of j-uch piopeity or pei^onal estate, 01 any por-
tion thereof,^o sold undei such .iiui^meiit 01 decioe, eve-
euted by the officer lawfully chained with cairv ing the >anie
into effect, shall vest in the puieiiaser iheieot all ihe tub'
of the delinquent to the pioperty or peis-onal estate sold
tinder and by vntue of such judgment or decioe, and shall
iclease every other poitiou of such piopeity 01 personal
estate from the hen or chaigc thoieon cieated by tbn act.
And eveiy pewm or person-- who shall have in his posses-
sion, chaige, ot custody, any leeotd, tile, ni papet contain-
ing 01 supposed to contain any mfoimaiion coneei nmgsiich
piopeity 01 personal estate, a^ afoiesaid, passing fiom anv
person who may die, as atore>aid, shall exhibitthe •cinie at
the icqucst of Hie inspector of the levenue or his deputy,
and at the request of any law oflicer of the United States,
in the pe.rfoimance of his duty underthe- act, his deputy or
agent who mayd^siieto examine the same; and if any
such per<on having m his possesion, chaige, or custody,
any such recoids, tile.-., or papers, shall icitisc ot neglect to
rxhiliit the same on lequest. as afoiesatd, he shall forfeit
and pay the sum of and in case of am delinquency
in making the schedule, Im, or statement. 01 m the pay-
ment oi the duly or lav accruing, or which should acciue
theieon.the assessment and collection shall be made as
piovided foi in the geneial piovi^on- of this act: Pioiulcd,
in all legal eontmvoiMc-s vihuc such dcid or title shall be
the subject of judicial invesiigation, the lectin! 111 said deed
shall be presumed to be tine, and that thejequnements ot
the law had been complied with bythe officers ot the Gov-
emment.
J}]<propriation.
Sec-o7. jlndhe it further enacted, Tint the pay and com-
missions ot the inspectois and stamp agents shall he paid
out o! the aeeuim-j internal duties or taxes befoie the same
is paid into the Tie.is ui \, aceonhng to sUCh regulations as
the Co mm is-ion ei ot 1 tit nal Revenue, under the dueetion
of the tjccietaiy of the Tiea-uiy, shall p;e=eribe ; and for
the purpose ot paying the Coiiuiiissionei oi Internal Reve-
nue and elcrlvsj piocuiiug die«, stamps, adhesive stamps,
paper, punting tonus and regulations, advertising, and any
other expenses of cat rving this act into eftect, the sum ot
$500,000 be, and hereby is^appiopnated,oi so much theiooi
as may be necessaty.
Allowance and drawback.
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, That fiom and after
the dato on which this act takes effect theie shall be an
allowance or drawback on all articles on which a specific
internal duty or UK shaiJ have been paid, equal in amount
toihcdutvor tax paid theieon, and nomoie, when exported,
the evidence that anj such duty or tax has been paid to be
fumi-died to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of in-
terna! Revenue bj such peison or persons as shall claim
the allowance or diawbaek. and the amount to be ascet-
tained under such icgulations as shall, from time to time,
be piuacribtid bv the Comtni^ionci ot Internal Ilovenuc,
under the dirertion of the Se^ietary of the Tiea^ury. and
the same shall be paid b> the vvanant ot_ the rfc-cietaty ot
the Tieasutv on the Treasuierot the United states out
of any money ai ising from internal duties not otherwise
appiopriated : Provided, That no allowance or diawbaek
shall he made or had for anj amount claimed or due less
than twenty dollars, anything in this act to the contiaiy
notwithstanding.
Sec. 59. .flnrf he it further ciiactcd, That if any person or
persons shall fiauduleiuly claim oi seek to obtain an allow-
ance or diawbaek on goods, wares, or meiehandu=e, on
•which no internal dufvsiiall have been paid, or shall fiaud-
iilenlly claim any gieatei allowance or diawbaek than the
duty actually paid, as afoie^aid, such person or peison*
Slliiil forfeit tiiule the amount wt m;!ully oi fraudulent >•
claimed or sought to Ire obtained, or the tum of .«.>U0, at the
election of the Sccictaiy of the Treasuiy, to be leeovered
as in otlier cases of forfeiture provided for in the general
provisions of this act.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I am not
disposed to occupy much time now on this sub-
ject, although I think it worthy of much further
consideration than has been bestowed upon it by
either the House or the Senate; but what cannot
be accomplished it is not worth while to under-
take, and I am well advised that I cannot secure
the attention and consideration of the Senate to
the different and important questions involved in
this important matter of finance. Much that I
had proposed to say on this subject, in the course
of a regular argument, has been thrown out by
other Senators as well as by myself in the course
of our somewhat lengthened discussion, relieving
me from the necessity now of presenting my views
as fully as otherwise I might be required to do for
the purpose of being understood. My general
opinions, with regard to this measure, I think are
now before the Senate, as presented by my self and
by otlier gentlemen who concur in opinion with
me.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance
lias been somewhat restive because of not being
supported by his committee. The chairman of the
committee knows very well that this measure did
not meet the judgment of the Committee on Fi-
nance. I did. think—did understand, indeed—
that, after we had perfected the House bill in the
best way it could be perfected in committee, the
proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island
would be considered,and then the proposition that
I presented, which I had 111 the form of an organ-
ized bill, would be considered. So I understood.
We had deferred the argument upon all the gen-
eral principles involved 111 the measure of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island and the measure I pre-
sented, for the purpose of discussion, until after
the House bill bail been acted upon and matured
oil its basis. It having been passed through with,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance was
urgent, persistent upon the reporting of the action
of the committee on that measure, without con-
sidering either the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode'Island or the proposition 1 advanced, or
without considering the general views of the ma-
jority of the committee. I think I am justified 111
saying all of that.
1 had learned,as well asf could be informed by
conversation, that the bill that passed the House
of Representatives did not meet with the judgment
of the Committee of Ways and Means in the
House of Representatives, or the House itself. 1
think I may affirm it to be true that this measure,
as a measure, was not one that received the ap-
probation of the House of Representatives. Sev-
eral of the amendments made did not receive the
approbation of the Committee on Finance of the
Senate. I have no doubt but that it is a measure
which does not, in the judgment of Senators, re-
ceive the appiobation ot anything like a majority
of this Senate. The discussion that has been had
here on the floor indicates clearly the opinion of
a majority of Senators that this is an unwise sys-
tem of taxation.
Let me here remark that I see no great cause for
haste. Our finances, so far as the Government is
concerned, are now upon a good, substantial, and
sound footing. We can obtain all the money our
Treasury requires for carrying on the business of
the Government; and the Tieasury Department
asks nothing from us. All that is demanded is the
assurance that we are willing to pay our debts,
and to pay the interest on the debts we have con-
tracted. About our good faith in that respect there
is not a doubt in any quarter of the Union, and
we have made no obligations abroad. I think wc
may take some time upon this matter, and bestow
some consideration upon it. If this measure, with
its great importance, belonged to a Government
older than our own, with higher instiuction than
our own—if it weie biought forward in the Eng-
lish Pailiamcnt, how much time, how much tal-
ent, how much particular knowledge, how much
care, would be bestowed upon itr It would be
made a matter of special study; all the best econ-
omists of England would be brought together, and
with their united wisdom, correcting, refornnng,
consideiing, judging, determining every thingfrom
organization' to every particular subject oi
tion. Here we are undertaking to organize a new
system, of which we have been in our experience
ignorant. The bill of 1813 was taken up and pro-
duced in the House, where it was changed and
modified, and immaturely and defectively consid-
ered, as all admit. Then it was. taken up as a
measure to be considered in the Committee on
Finance. The Committee on Finance refused to
consider the bill, or, at least, the chairman of the
committee refused to allow the course of business .
heindicatedto be interfered with,which amounted
to refusing to consider the principle of the bill.'
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot stand too mueh
of this sort of thing. 1 believe I have been silent
throughout, and I have heard these things stated
over and over and over again; and when 1 rose the
other day to explain them I was called to order.
I never refused anything, and l never assumed
to direct anything in the Committee on Finance,
from beginning to end, and the Senator should
know that fact.
Mr. McDOUGALL. In a certain sense, that
is true-, in a certain case, it is not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave my opinion and
expressed my judgment about it. I will state,
since we must have the committee dragged in here
for the one hundred and twentieth time—more
times than there arc sections in this bill, 1 believe
—I gave my opinion, as chairman of the commit-
tee, that it was best for us to pioceed and mature
ihc House bill and amend it if wc could, and for
this simple reason: that there was at that time no
other proposition before the committee. When the
Senator from California would come in sometimes
of a morning to look in upon us, he would begin
to discuss general principles, with great ability,
as he always does; and,as chairman,! suggested
to him that when he produced his scheme, 1 should
be willing to listen to the principles; but I did not
want to spend the time of the committee in dis-
cussing principles until we had the thing put in
shape." That was all I said, and that was acceded
to. The Senator fiom Rhode Island was in the
same condition. He wanted to talk about prin-
ciples too, though not so much, and I made the
same objection."He acceded to it. The honorable
Senator from California acceded to thesame thing.
We went on in that condition, without anything
in writing being produced to the committee or
shown to the co'mmittee, until the very last con-
sideration of the bill by the committee, when, for
the first time, the Senator brought in this substi-
tute. Thatwasthefirsttimettevcrappeared there,
and the first time, for aught 1 know, that he ever
had it in shape. He never offered it before. After
wo had devoted ten days or a fortnight in going
over the whole House bill, he then proposed it.
I then said—1 did not attempt to demand anything
—that at that late stage, instead of taking up an-
other long bill and devoting some length of time
to it, 1 thought it would be better for gentlemen
to offer their propositions in the Senate as substi-
tutes, if they pleased ; and that was acceded to by
the Senator fron California without making any
objection. There is the whole of my offending,
sir, from beginning to end, in relation to the matter.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not mean to say
that the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
by any absolute authority, or by the exertion of
any particular personal force, prevented the dis-
cussion of these other questions; but I do say
that in the most emphatic manner he objected to
the consideration of any of these propositions
pending the discussion of the bill from the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Until they were reduced
to writing and brought in ill shape.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No. The objection was
this, if the Senator will permit me to say it: that
he was not willing to consider any amendment
which would change the general system of the
bill until the committee liad gone through and
perfected the bill from the House, in which I
acquiesced. I said, "go on and perfect it I
was willing to go on and perfect the bill from
the House as well as it could be perfected, at the
request of the chairman. Now, the objection is
stated by the chairman himself that after I had
waited until the committee had gone through
with the bill from the House, and had my bill m
my hand to present it, and the Senator from
Rhode Island had his measure, then it was too
late. At the request of the chairman, I declined
interfering with the discussion of the House bill
until it had been matuied as well as it could be
done in committee; and then, when I and other
members of the committee, yielding to him, had
allowed him to come to afitial action on the House
