106
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 16,
31th Com....2d Sess.
Confiscation Bill—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
tainly in al! its mom! and legal effects it is a bill of i
attainder; but! believe, when strictly construed,
it is a bill of attainder. The chief and most ob-
noxious feature of a bill of attainder is, that you
deprive the citizen of hia life, his liberty, or his
property by legislative enactment, without judicial
process, without trial by a jury of his peers. It
is to that that Judge Story points, as one reason
why that kind of proceeding was so obnoxious to
law, to reason, to justice, and to right. I would
ask the gentlemen who contend that this section
of the bill is constitutional, what disposition they
will make of the clause of the Constitution which
I have read, which declares that no man shall be
deprived of his life, liberty, or property without
process of law ? This bill certainly violates that
provisionof iheConstitution. Whatdo you mean,
sir, by ptocess of law ? We are not left in the dark j
as to what is meantby it, That clause of the Con- j
stitution is'subslantiallyaclauseofMagna Charta. ,
I will read what Mr. Story says upon that subject: j
{,The other part of the clause is bur an enlargement of !
the language of Magna Charta, 4 nee super cum il/imus, nec ■
super cum milttmus, nisi per legale jwlicium parium suo- j
rum, rclpcr lc em tci-rtp," neither will wo pass upon him I
or condemn twin, but by the lawful judgment of his peers, ;
or by tho law of the land. Lord Coke says that these latter |
woids, 2 cr legem Ictra, (by tho law of tho land,) moan by ;
du<" process of law; that i*, without due presentment or
indictment, and being binught in to answer thetelo by duo J
process of the common law. So that tins clause in elfoct 1
attttms the right ot ni.il wroiding to the process and pro- i
ecedings of the common law."' !
I put it to my worthy friend from New York, !
whom I know to ho an able lawyer, how ho can |
by any process of logic pat this bill in any atti-
tude that is not obnoxious to that provision of the
Constitution? Do you not, by the section of the
bill that I have road, deprive the citizen of his
property without process of law? Do you give
him a trial in any court? None, sir, none; but
you take away his property by legislative enact-
ment. Fortunately we arc not left entiiely with- I
out judicial decision on this point. I am aware •
that Senators make an effort to evade the force of 1
the constitutional objections I am now making, i
nnd which were so ably urged by the Senator from !
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr, Rrownino,] and the Senator from
California, [Mr. MoDougau,) and the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Carmm.'.,] and others, by as-
sorting that this is not a punishment for treason.
That was particularly assorted by the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary. Sir, I ask if
you can avoid tho plain, distinct provisions of the
Constilutionby thutkindofnreumvention r What
is the language of the bill itself? Jt is, that the
estates of persons
u l-'ound ui HiinH against die United Stales oi giving aid
and eomloit to said rebellion, shall In- tmteilcd and eonJi.s
cfttcd to tho United States.''
Tho very language of your bill is the offense of
treason as defined by the Constitution; and yet,
you say because the party is not convicted of
treason you will forfeit his estate, which the Con-
stitution says shall not be forfeited without pro-
cess of law, you will spare the party the trial and
sentence of a court by a kind of artful dodge-, for
the purpose of circumventing the plain provisions
of tho Constitution nnd forfeiting his estate. In
my judgment, such dodging cannot circumvent
and virtually annul the clear provisions of the
Constitution. You cannot treat, them as citizens
in arms against their Government, and at the same
time apply to them the law which governs alien
enemies, whilst you recognize then) as citizens.
You cannot rightfully withhold from them the
guainntees of the Constitution. *
I have a decision reported in the first volume of
Dana's Kentucky Reports that I think is very much
in pnmt upon this very question as to whether
this is a hill of attainder. Certainly each and
every Senator must admit that in all of its moral
and legal consequences it is a bill of attainder, if
not technically so; but 1 believe, as I have Raid,
that ii is technically a bill of attainder, because
you deprive the person of his estate by legislative
enactment without judicial process, in 1824, the
Legislatuie of Kentucky passed a law requiring
the non-resident ownois of lands in that State to
make certain improvements upon them, and in
the event that they did not make the improvements
prescribed in the statute, their lands were forfeited
and subject to entry under our land laws. Many
persons did not make the improvements; others
entered upon the lands; and the question came up
dircctly under that statute as to whether it was
constitutional or not. The case was elaborately
argued, and decided by two of the judges of our
supreme court. Their opinions were concurrent.
Such was the magnitude and importance of the
case that two judges, which is not common with
us, delivered opinions. One of them was Judge
Underwood, long an honored member of this
body, and the other was Judge Nicholas, one of
the most eminent jurists in that or any other State.
They decided that the law'was in contravention
of the provisions of the Constitution; that it was
notonly in its moral and legal effects, but in real-
ity, a bill of attainder. Judge Underwood makes
a very elaborate and able opinion. He alludes to
the clauses of the Constitution which I have read
rather incidentally; but Judge Nicholas quotes the
Constitution and decides it most directly. I will
read one or two paragraphs from his opinion. It
is the case of Gaines et al. vs. Buford, leported
in 1 Dana's Kentucky Reports. He says:
"The power5? of government are divided into three dis-
tinct departments, and confided to separate bodies of ma-
gistracy; tho&e which arc legislative to one, thos.c which
are executive to another, and those which are judiciary to
a tlmd, with a dcclaiation that no person or persons being
of one of those departments shall exercise any powerprop-
erly belonging to either of the others. It is of the last im-
poitaneo to the purity of our institutions that this division
of power-* should bo preseived, and this barrier against the
encroachment of one department upon another should be
propeily kept up."
I think Senators would do well to bear in mind
this lucid exposition of our system of Govern-
ment and its division into various departments,
and that our liberties alone consist in allowing no
one department to encroach upon the other, but
to keep each in its own sphere. Whenever you
consolidate them your liberties are overthrown.
Further on, Judge Nicholas says:
'•'The prohibition of the Federal Constitution against the
passage of bills of attainder is also deemed to have an im-
portant hearing on this question.
u Bills of attainder are &uid by YVoodcson, in his lectures,
to be acts of ihc supreme powci, pionouucmg capital sen-
tences where the legislature assumes judicial magiatiacy;
and bills oj pains and penalties tho«e winch inflict milder
puiiibhincutp. But it is believed that bill of attainder is a
ueiicrie tcun, comprehending both descriptions of acts.
Such, at least, is believed to be its true signification, as used
In our constitutions, Tluib it is s.ud by the .Supreme Court,
in Fletcher vs. lVek?G Crauch, 13d,' a bill of attainder may
affect the life of an individual, or may confiscate husprop-
eny, or both.' So, aHo, it is t-aid by Judge Tucker, in his
edition of Jllaek-tone, volume one, page ■ 1 Bills of at-
tainder are legislative acts passed for the special purpo&c
of attainting particular individuals of treason, oi felony, or
indicting pains and pcnaluo beyond or contraiy to the com-
mon Jaw.' That the term should be received m the huge
mmim! thus given to it, is consonant with the tiueiepublican
character of our institutions. A condemnatory act of the
legif-l.uure inflicting upon an individual, or cla^s of indi-
viduals, pains and penalties, is as much within the icason
oftheptohibition as if itinfhctcd capital punishment. They
arc both equally hostile to the principles of civil liberty and
the s-pirit of our written constitutions. They are equally
engines of tyranny and oppression, and equally unsuited to
the government of a lice people.
u IJndet^tandiug, then, tho term biH of attainder as em-
bracing bills of pams and penalties, the act in question
would seem to fall under this inhibition."
What was the actof tho Kentucky Legislature ?
It was that non-residents owning real estate in the
State should make certain improvements, and if
they omitted to do it the property was forfeited.
Judge Nicholas tells us that that was in violation
of the clause of the Constitution that I have just
read. What do you propose here? You say if
a certain class of persons do certain things which
you sot forth in your bill, to wit, commit"treason,
then they shall be subject to forfeiture of their es-
tates. in the one case it is a sin of omission, and
in the other a sin of commission. That is the
only difference between the two bills, and both
are equally obnoxious to the constitutional objec-
tions that I have stated. He goes on further:
4C That it is a highly penal law, inflicting a most grievous
penalty for the ombtuon of the thing commanded to be done,
is beyond dispute. But it is not the weight of the penalty,
nor the character of the offense, that makes it a bill of
attainder, nut it is the confiscation of the property of in-
dividuals which it attempts to make, befoic any condemna-
tion, and without any condemnation, for the offense desig-
nated, either in personam or in rem. When the State
rightfully acquires the pioperty of a citizen by forfeiture, it
is a& the puni>hment annexed bv law to some illegal act
or negligence of its owner. That the legislature may make
the act or omiSMon illegal, and prescribe forfeiture as the
penalty, is admitted. But it is denied that it can of itself
inflict tiie punishment. So far as the act in question un-
dertakes to divest the title out of Gaines, and vest it in tho
State, it is a legislative infliction of the penalty; it is an
assumption^ to that extent, of judicial magistracy, without
affording the aeeused the benefit of those forms and guards
of trial which are his constitutional right, whenever he is
sought to be punished, either m his person or by forfeiture
of his property, for alleged violations of the penal enact-
ments of the State."
That, sir, is what condemns this section as un-
constitutional, because if this bill should becomc
a law, you deprive, as far as you can do it by
legislative enactment, the citizen of his property
without allowing him the benefit of trial by pro-
cess of law. The judge continues:
The light to forfeit is an incident merely to the power
to punish guilt. Without the guilt, the forfeiture cannot be
inclined. The guilt cannot be ascertained by the legis-
lature, nor otherwise than by a direct criminal procedure
of some sort, and a judicial deteimination thereon."
Do you give these parties any judicial determ-
ination? No, sir; you by your legislative de-
cree at one stroke of1 the pen deprive perhaps six
millions of people of all their estates, real and per-
sonal, without any judicial process whatever,
without trial by any court or any judicial tri-
bunal. He continues:
"Bills of attainder have geneialiy designated their vic-
tims by name ; but they may do it also by classes, or by gen-
eral description fittinganiultitudeof persons. Either mode
is equally liable to moral and constitutional censure."
Here you do it by classes. You designate a
class of persons any of whom or all of whom
who commit the acts prescribed by your law,
which is really a technical definition of treason,
you say their entire estates, real and personal,
shall be forfeited.
<k They have generally been applied to punish offenses
already committed; hut they have been and may be applied
to the punishment of those theieaftei to be committed, or
for criminal omissions thereafter incurring. A bill of at-
tainder is not necessarily an ex pod facto law. A British act
of Parliament might declare that, if certain individuals, or a
class of individuals, failed to do a given act by a named day,
they should be deemed to be and treated as. convicted felon*
or traitoic?. Such an act comes precisely within the defi-
nition of a bill of attainder, and the English couit; would
enlorce it without indictment or trial by jury; the prisoner,
when biought to the bar, being merely asked what he had
to allege why execution should not be awaidcd against
him." ®
It is clear, then, Senators, not only from the
Constitution itself and the reasons that I have sug-
gested, but from this most elaborate decision of one
of the ablest judges that has'ever graced the bench
in any State in the American Union, that this is a
bill of attainder, and it certainly violates the three
provisions of the Constitution to which I have
referred.
Apart from the unconstitutionality of the bill,
it would be unwise and inexpedient; it would be
harsh; it would be in conflict with all the rules of
civilized and modern warfare. Chancellor Kent
says:
'• The general usage of war is not to touch private prop-
erty upon land, without making compensation, unless m
special cases, dictated by the necessary operations of war ;
or when capiurcd in places carried by storm, and which
have repelled all tho overrules ofacapuulation."— 1 KenVs
Commentaries, p. 92.
And according to Yattel:
" For the same reasons which render the observance of
those m<t\ihi* a matter of obligation between State and
State, it becomes equally and even more necessaiy ju the
unhappy citcumstance of two nmocoiu parties laceiatiug
then common countiy."—Vattel> 4-25, chap. 28.
By the passage of this bill you not only over-
throw the Constitution of your country, but you
do what has not been done in any civilized nation
in Christendom for the last seven centuries. The
last act of this kind, so fai as I am advised, that
was ever resorted to by a Christian nation was in
England, when William of Normandy overthrew
Harold at Hastings.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T should like to ask the
Senator from Kentucky this question: if he does
not know that every one of the colonies—Mary-
land, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and all the rest—
forfeited the property of the Tories in the Revolu-
tionary war?
Mr. POWELL. I will answer the Senator with
a great deal of pleasure. I am nota ware that every
one of the colonies did it. I know that many of
them did; and I know that Judge Story and other
writers in this country say that that was one of
the reasons why our fathers put it m the Consti-
tution that we should not do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the
