2586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
bill, and even before i had given my vote author-
izing him to report it, I raised the question
whether the committee would go on and consider
these other propositions. The chairman of the
committee objected to considering any other prop-
osition, although we had deferred them, at his
. own instance, until the House bill had been
matured.
This discussion is not profitable, and therefore
I only engage in it because the chairman of the
committee has insisted upon this bill as a bill from
the Committee on Finance. It came here under
a compromise, that the proposition of the Senator
from Rhode Island and the proposition I had to
advancc should be considered without its being
charged that this bill was the report of the com-
mittee; otherwise the bill would never have come
to the Senate*in the form in which it is now pre-
sented.
Mr. President, I am not going to discuss this
proposition of mine at length. The principles
involved in it I have discussed before; but £ wish
to say a few words with regard to it, and also to
state some additional objections to the bill pre-
sented from the committee.
Now, as to the bill from the committee, I wish
to say again, it charges a special tax upon one
of our great interests—the manufacturing interest;
and I shall not be suspected of being a particular
favorer of that interest. I live on the coast of
the Pacific. An open commerce and free trade is
our soundest policy, so far as we arc locally and
particularly concerned. We manufacture nothing
for exportation. All we manufacture is for home
consumption. I am in no manufacturing interest
particularly, so far as I am locally concerned; but
I say here that this bill is an unwise assault upon
all the manufacturing interests of this country.
They arc taken out as a specialty and made the
particular subject of taxation. It is useless to
argue that the tax fails upon the consumer.
When the manufacturer is broken down by the
burden, he does not furnish the commodity that
goes into consumption. We are a people who
produce the fruits of the euith and the fruits of
skill m forming the fabrics that go into commerce;
and we arc a people who engage in commerce,
and are now, I believe, to-day the first commercial
nation in the world. All these interests are one,
and you cannot strike a blow at one interest with-
out crippling all. The farmer may live upon his
land; he may grind his own com; he may weave
his own flax or his own wool; and he may eat
of what he pioduees himself, and clothe himself
with what he has both produced and manufac-
tured. That is a possibility. That has been (lone
in peiiods of our histoiy, and is done in some
parts of our country now; but that does not; make
a great, strong, powerful nation. We have to
develop ourselves beyond ourselves, and we can-
not do this without the aid boih of manufactures
and of commerce.
It is said, as t remarked before, that this is a
tax upon manufaetuies to be paid by the con-
sumer. That is not true exactly. The fact is,
the manufacturer has to pay it. Where he gets
his compensation ftom, is a very difficult and com-
plex question. It is known the manufactuier has
to pay it. Why charge ihrce per cent, tin manu-
factures ? 1 say, it is a war against a clays of en-
terprise, of production, in which the country is
moat deeply cancel nod. The proposition that 1
have advanced is antagonized to it in this: we tax
all things that aie sold. Here you come to the
equalization of this tax; by the plan-of tins bill it
is not equal. You do not tax sales; you tax man-
ufactures. The man who sells cotton pays his
tax, if theie is a fax on sales; the man who sells
sugar pays his tax, if there is a tax on sales; and
so of everything else that is to be sold and bought.
Now, observe ihat we have to pay our taxes
outofour pioduciion every year if we pay them
outotoui capital, we become impoverished. We
pay them not out of our income, but out of our
production. Two things, as expenditure, belong
to the individual's production: the expenditure js
pait to himself and part to the Government; and
then, what he does not expend on his own ac-
count or the Government's, is reserved capital in-
cieasing the national wealth. Expenditure is the
rule for the law of taxation. A man stlls and
another buys. He who buys, buys voluntary;
and he who accepts the price, accepts it volunta-
rily, knowing that there is so much charged on
that price by the Government belonging to the
Government. It is as voluntary as our goingand
buying a piece of French broadcloth, where we
pay twelve dollars a yard, although probably two
dollars go in the tariff. We know nothing or care
nothing about that. We are willing to pay the
duty; it is our voluntary action. A tax upon
sales will be the voluntary act of the people; and
it will be upon what they expend out of their an-
nual production, at the same time reserving to the
Government what belongs to it for its support.
It is a simple system, devised not by me, but
by the ablest men I have seen yet, who have dis-
cussed this subject—the ablest men of Boston,
New York, and Philadelphia, and adopted by the
ablest men of every commercial city thatluis taken
action on the subject. Cincinnati, in her Cham-
ber of Commerce,indorsed it. Chicago has done
the same thing. If the question whether this tax
can be collected in this way cannot be determined
by men of commerce and men of finance, by whom
can it be determined ? By us ? I do not know of
anybody here in the Senate who undertakes to
say that he is a master of the business of finance,
or the question of how we can derive an internal
revenue.
The amount of consumption, of course, relates
to the amount of annual production. The tax
must come out of that, and how you can get it
better than on sales, I do not know. After having
heard the views advanced by the committee of
Boston, 1 made it a matter of inquiry with every
merchant I knew. As iron sharpeneth iron, so
does the countenance of a friend sharpen a man;
and I sharpened my countenance on that point by
putting it against the countenances of all of my
friends whom I thought knew anything of the
subject; and I have not found a diffeiing opinion.
The measure that I propose, besides being, I
think, sound upon principle, is simple in its char-
acter. It admits of reduction or enlargement. It
is a system, which the House bill is not. I pro-
pose a simple system. In the first place, there are
to be stamp agents in the districts to be estab-
lished, who aie to have nothing to do with the
business of taxation, except simply receive the
stamps from the Government and the money for
them. Then there arc to be inspectois. E\ery-
body who is subject, to taxation is bound to icpoi t
to the inspector in ton days. If they fail to do that,
he is bound to make out a list of every person
subject to taxation, and to see that they make their
returns regulaily every thirty days, with a stamp
of the amount of their sales. It is known to all
who have watched business, that every merchant
in every country town, as well as every man en-
gaged m trade in every city, understands just
about the character and amount of every other
man's business in the same line. Besides that,
this inspector is to keep a book containing the
amount that everyone reports as his monthly re-
tain, open to public discussion. Nearly every
one of these merchants has clerks and people who
are observing them, and men cannot swear falsely
about things of which the world knows. The ac-
counts are to be cxactand propetly returned, and
the tax is to be charged on the men who arc buy-
ing and selling, and who can make an account.
It comes out of a legitimate subject of taxation,
the production of the year, which is equal to the
expenditure of the year as it is related to the cx-
pendituie of the year, and involves expenditure,
taxation, and accumulated capital alone. Thesys-
tem is veiy simple. Our money business is done
very simply under it. We trust but few persons,
comparatively, who are to render an account for
what they receive, and there are very few accounts
to the Government. The inspector is a check
upon the stamp agent, because he is to return the
stamps issued, making a very simple system.
Mr. President, I am not disposed to pursue this
argument at length. I have produced my ideas
probably sufficient for the Senate to understand
them. 1 know there are but very few, if any, here
considering this pioblem, one of the gravest m
the nation, and 1 think of the first importance. 1
am as desiious as any Senator to vote for a tax
equal to the necessities of t he Government. I will
vote for a tax that will yield ^250,000,000 a year,
or $300,000,000 a year, if inquired; but when 1
come to uppi oaeh the people with taxation, i want
do it in stmie i'uim that will not oil'end them
and make them at war with the Government or
its administration. I should be much more sensi-
tive on this subject were I one of the responsible
parties. I have felt myself as hardly having a
light to talk much aboutthese matters, not belong-
ing to the majority in power; that it was almost
an intrusion on my part to suggest my opinions;
but lam anxious that this measure shall be passed
in some such form as will not offend the general
sense of right of the country, and, in my judg-
ment, this measure in its present form will.
So far as the amendment I have introduced is
concerned, it is not a perfect measure as I produce
it myself, and I would not ask the immediate in-
dorsement of it. I prepared it for the Committee
on Finance, supposing that it would bo considered
in detail there, thinking that it might have that
much consideration, for I had thought that the
views of these men of counsel from Boston and
New York would be considered by the Committee
on Finance. They were not. 1 did not expect
mine to be so, particularly. I brought it in there
hoping for the advice and counsel of the commit-
tee. Not having received it, I do not pretend to
speak of it as a complete measure, but I have indi-
cated to the Senate what its principles were, and
how it proposed to derive the revenue required for
the Government. I undertake to say that by a
tax of half a ccnt on sales, with a proper tax on
fixed incomes—not every body's income, but fixed
incomes—on legacies, raw whisky, malt liquors,
and tobacco, we enn derive more rovenue than is
required. We are exaggerating our necessities.
One hundred and fifty millions of dollars is as
much tax as we ought to lay upon the country. I
have gone through the figures and I venture to say
—I express an opinion now winch may not be
worth anything here—we could strike out the
whole of the tax on sales, and the whole tax on
manufactures, and we could assess on rtiw whisky,
beer, tobacco, fixed incomes and legacies, all that
the Government requires, all it needs, without
taxing the manufacturer or even taxing the mer-
chant.
I am now going to make a proposition on which
I shall ask the vote of the Senate. 1 shall move
that the House bill as amended, with the various
amendments and substitutes, be leferred back to
the Committee on Finance, i think we have had
discussion enough on this subject. I think that
more matured views are entertained on the part of
Senators than existed when the bill was reported.
We have gone to work, not at a policy; we have
not discussed a policy; we have not discussed a
system; wc have not looked back to the advice of
other years and different countries; we have talked
simply about amending the bill from the House,
conceded to be an imperfect, unconsidered, unor-
ganized thing. Now, with the advice that has been
had on the subject, let this measure go back to the
Committee on Finance, and let them present a bill
such as is fit to be a nieastue of taxation for our
country, entering for the fust time in fifty years
into anew field of legislation. I move—I will test
the question upon that—that the whole subject
be referred back to the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDINGOFF1CER. It is moved that
the bill, with pending amendments, be recommit-
ted to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. McDOUGfA-LL. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3, nays 32; as follows;
Ytf.\S—Mcsm?, liiowmng, McDousalK and Pomeroy—3.
NAYS—Moj-ms. Anthony, Cat jile, OliandifM, (Jlajk, (Jol-
lamei, ltavi*, Dnon, Doolmk, 1'V^emhm, Foot, Foster,
Gume^, Utile, Hailan.IIatn-, Ilowatd, Howe, Lane ol In-
diana,Latham, Moml!, Ne^n'nili. Powell. Itico, Sunnions.
tiiaik, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson. YViliev', Wiimor, Wilson
ot Miib&ucliUhOtH, and Wright—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I made the motion tore-
commit for the icason that I did not wish to affirm
that the amendment which I propose in the form
of a substitute is a perfect or altogether a satis-
factory amendment; yet I wish to say now for
that amendment that it was prepared with great
en re, m all its general features, under the direction
of the Board of Trade of Boston; that its general
sections, as a body, have been carefully prepared
and considered. If it should be adopted, it would
require but few changes—a few unimportant, sim-
ple amendments—because the bill is a system. I
hope Senators will vote on this question as they
regard the merits of the question. As the Senate
do not choose to recommit tins measure, I ask
them then to give us a chance to introduce a better
