1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
from Burlington to Ottumwa, a distance of about seventy-
five miles, and is running cars thereon. The Lcgislatuie
also granted the lands given to aid in making the railroad
from Davenport to Council Bluffs to the Mississippi and
Missouri Kailroad Company, which has completed the road
(iom Davenport to a village in Poweshiek county, a distance
of about one hundred miles.
No pat t of the railioad from Lyons City, it is believed, has
been built. *
By an actof Congre^appioved February 9,1853, a grant
similar to those above mentioned, was made to the States
of Arkansas and Missuuu to aid m constructing a railroad
fiom a point on tho Mississippi river opposite the mouth of
the Ohio, m the State of Mw&ouii, via Little Rock, in Aik-
ansas, to the Mi^is&ippi river, and to Fort Smith in said
State. It is believed that this road has only been completed
a distance of about twenty-live miles, fiom a point opposite
to Cano.
Similar grants of land to those above mentioned have also
been made by Congress, for the putpo^e oi' aiding in the
conduction of raihoads, to >,Tinno-ota, (10 United States
Statutes at Large, 302;) YViM'Oiisin, (11 id. 20;) Michigan,
(id. 21;) Fiomla, (ul. 1.1;) Alabama, (9 id. 468, 11 xd. 15,
17, 19.3;) Mississippi, (9 id. dOG, 11 id. 33.) As the rail-
inads for which tiie.-c giants have been made have either
not been commenced or are not likely soon to be available
for the transpoiUtion ol Government piopmy and tioops,
it is believed that a paiticular mention of tlieir routes, or
statement of the companies which have them in charge,
though perhaps within the letter, is haidlyvvuhm thespim
of the inquuy submitted to the committee.
The several acts planting lands to the States of Missouri,
Aikansas. Iowa, Wisconsin, Michigan, Floiuia, Alabama,
and Mississippi, weie termed upon the model of the act
granting lauds to Illinois, and contain precisely the same
provisions as that act touching the puce of tiie lands re-
served by the Government, and the tianspoitation of the
piopeity and troops of the Government and the United
States mail.
The committee have 110 doubt that these seveial acts j
render it incumbent upon the companies, to>pectivoIy, i
which accepted the giants of public* lands, themselves to ;
transport over their roads, to the lull extentot then ability
and means of carriage, the propeity and tioops of the Gov- 1
eminent fiee ol toll oi other charge whaNoevci. The same ;
ingenious refinement winch could limit the right ot the Gov- i
einment to the tiansportation of its piopeity and tioops to j
a mere fiee right of passage over the load, with means of |
tianspoitation to be furnished by itself, could Hornet the i
right of tho Government to have the United States mail ,
tran-poitcd on these loads at sucli puce as Conpie&s might i
dnect, to ea-es wheiu the Government it&elt futni>hed .ill ,
the means ot tian.->poi tation. In neither mMaiu o is it 111 i
ineie woids expie&sed by whom such means >hall bo pio- j
vided. I
The act of September 20, granting LimK to 111 nuns, '
is undeistocid to have been fiamed by Mi. Douglas, \\ no in- ,
tioduced the mea-uie into Conaie^s. On the 29th ot Apul,
IS.jO, when the bill was under consideration m the Senate, i
Mr. Biadbury moved an amendment, to limit the grants of ;
lands to the alternate sections within six miles of the load j
not aheady sold. Mr. Douglas, after leuuulving that iftbe
amendment should pa*s, he did not know whctliei he should j
vote loi the bill, and that he should haully icgaul it a  wonh |
contending for, said: a It (the land) is giantcd on comii- 1
tion that we make and complete araihoad the whole length
ot the route, and put it in operation within a petiod of ten J
yeai-3: and on tiie futther condition that we tian^poi tovei ;
it the Government troops and Gov*"1! nment propci ty or eveiy [
kind tree ; and tin ther, that the mails shall be earned at<uch ;
juice as Conmess idnill piescnbc.'- Mi. I;a%\ ton of Ne, v j
Jersey, who opposed the hill., did not venture to question j
tins mteipietation, but leplied: Uutwh.it is this thing'5 j
The compulsory conveyance ot tioops and munitions ot '
wai. Wliat will that amount to? UompuK-ory to eany the j
United States mail loi a^um which the Government of the |
United States shall pre cii!)e ! The United States will pay j
a tan price lor it. E\ eiy man knows that theC nvi nment I
\\ ill nor act meanly and nu>i>aid!v, and the only uond con-
tained in tiie piovi-ion is to pievent any act oi' extortion ,
tiom the Government.'5 I
Mi. Moore, or Louisiana, who himself had introduced a |
bill to sriant lands to that State to conjunct <i lailioad, m ]
the debate on the Missoui i bill, said: '• Iieic we say to the j
State of Missoui«, make tin-, road through join co.inuy, |l
tnm-poit oui troop, mid t-itpplie-:. and we will give juu |l
eveiy altfrnate sect.an of land.*' &e. ;
Mi. Jones,.of Tonnc-ec, who opposed all the raihoad j
grants, lct'ouing, m the coiti^e ofd: bate on the Wisconsin ;
bill, to the clause iei|Utrn.ir the t lan-poi fifon of the Unitrd i
States mail a' Mich prices as Conifre-s mipht by law dnect,
>-aid: *• i desire ro see this section slacken oiu. and a pio- '
vi-ion nu'eitod m the thud section, piovid'ntr foi the tian^- '
poinuiou of the mads tiee of co-t a< the tioops and other i
ptopeiiy ot the United States aie transported " [
Mi Ouitina, ot New Voik, m the debate on the Wiscon-
sin bill, said "As 1 nedei-mod the theoiy of tins an^ ;
analogous lulls, it is tliat m oider to open up the country in i
ill. hist phico, and ne\t in order to obtain tacd sties foi cany- !
ins th" i.i'tii- and inuintioiK- of war, the Geneial Govem- i
merit nndeitakev to <nve bv a patent io the States a bounty i
ol lard noon a oonhaet on the pait of the States that they ■
will app>y if to a pauieulai p'lipo-", and th.it foi all inline ,
t.inothe mailt and muinUon- oi wai -hall be can ied torthe -
use ot the Government upon such tenin as the bill pic- j
scnbes." j
No one Will be st> hoid as to a'gue that H was rontem- |
plated, at the pa^aae <>! tlie^c act-', that ihe Govt'innienf,
in oider to have the mails tian^poitt d >v- i these loads ar ;
such pnee as Coii'i.esv mm'it in i i\\ duect. ^houhl ,t-eU pio-
vide tii'"1 ca s, and otliei ho'-i^ n\ i ■! ans o: ti a.i^poitation.
In tiie iniineions <1!>:jtrnpo.i the lailroad giant-- it wa-
n°vet oe.ee questioned, but, on tV conriaiy. it was con-
stantly assumed, that uiulei the clause holme quoted, it wa->
ineunib ;ut upon k* the lailioad companies which lectived
giants oi public lan<!•> themselves, to cany m their own car.-,
and at then own e\pan-e, the piopert>- and tioops of the
United Stateh--e of any charge whatcoevci."
Indeed, the munificence of the grants would be alone a
strong argument to show that the Government expected to
secure in return rights of greater value than in tho cases of
giants for other public works. In the instances of grants
to canals there was always a provision that the property and
troops of the Government should pass through them free of
toll or chaige. Canals do not furnish the means of trans-
poi tation, but merely of passage, and hence the grants weie
always less extensive.
When it is said in these grants that the railroad shall be
and remain a public highway for the use of the Government
ot the United States, fiee from toll or other charge upon the
tianspoitation of property or troops of the United States, the
term railroad must be deemed, according to the weight of
judicial opinion, not to be limited to the mere roadway, but
to include all the cars, machinery, equipments, and mate-
rials employed for operating the road.
Nor can it well be conceived that a railroad company
would prefer that the Government should place its cars and
machmeiy on the road to interfeie with theiunninganange-
itients, to endanger the lives of passengers, and hazard tiie
safe and speedy transportation of fi eight, to providing
means of transportation itself; and trusting, if the service
should bo likely to become a giievous buiden, to the hbei-
al ity of the Govei nment to recompense it fairly for cxtraor-
dmaiy cxpendituies.
But the inteipretatiori which the committee has given to
those clauses seems to be so obviously suppoi ted by the lan-
guage employed, and is so perfectly confirmed by cotem-
"potaneous construction, as not to re'qmro suppott lroin any
otbei souice.
But while, in the opinion of the committee, such is the
propei interpretation ot the clauses icieiied to, they trust
that they may be indulged m the suggestion that there aie
consideiation^ why this right should not, in all cases, be
hteinly claimed. In every instance where railtoads have
been constructed under these land grants, the price of the
public lands in then neighborhoods has been suddenly en-
hanced to at least twice their foimer value. The Govern-
ment has, thetufore, lost nothing by its munificence. Where
taihoails h.ive suffered, as some have, peeuhai disasters
fiom an almost total suspension of then oulinary business,
and fiom injuries done to them merely because they have
been legarded as important lines of transit for Government
tioops and stores, a stern enforcement of this right could
haidly be distinguished fiom plain injustice. In such cases
it would seem that the light ought to be maintained merely
as a salutary check against extoi tionate charges or a refusal
or indisposition to furnish to the Government all proper fa-
cilities for the transpoitation of troops and stores.
The committee lecommerid the adoption of the following
resolution:
Resulted, That the seveial lailroad companies which
have jeceived tiom States giants ot public lands made to
such States by acts ol (Jongicss, foi the purpose of aiding
in the con-Unction ot the joad- of such companies icspeel-
lvelv, aie required to tiansport the property and tioops of
the United States over theii roads free of toll or other chaige
whatsoever
Mr. HOLMAN. I wiJI now finish wlmtlhdve
to say in a few woids.
Mi. OLIN. .A single word, with tho permis-
sion of tho gentleman from Indiana. I wish to
make this su^g-ostion to the House. This is, as
every one will perceive, a very important meas-
ure, and m order that it may have proper consid-
ciation, I wish the opportunity to move that it be
postponed foi one week.
This measure, as I understand it, proposes to
relieve these companies from the obligations they
have entered into with the Go\einment of the
United States.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The gentleman front New
York misunderstands the resolution. It proposes
just the reverse. It asserts that these ntihoad
companies aie under obligation to transport the
troops and munitions of war of the Government
fiee of charge. The resolution is based upon that
assertion. The question has be en examined both
by the Committee on the Judiciary and by the
special committee on Government coniiacth, and
both committees have arrived at the same conclu-
sions, as l.ir as 1 know, with entire unanimity.
There is no resei vation contained in these grants.
The Government lias the absolute ri'^ht to trans-
poitation over these roads free of chaige.
Mr, OLIN. Whor, then, do you ask?
Mr. IIOLMAN. This is what we ask: two
roads in the State of Missouri received grants of
land from the Government to aid in their construc-
tion—the Hannibal and St. Joseph and the Pacific
road; important bridgoy on both loads have been
destioy'd, the tiaek torn up, and otlvu' injuries
inflicted by the public enemy. Tho injur.es doiK'
are serious and, to some ex■ cut, it-rep uable Some
asisistaneo fiom The IA d< iai Government ^ indis-
pensable to keen th: so loads up, and prevent the
; necessity of the Govern m"'it t ikmir them in charge
| and running them lt.ieif. Vv'e propose to pay to
| these companies the actual cost of transportation
i for whatever tiie Government sends over them.
Mr.OLlX. id id not misunderstand, then, the
object of this resolution. A bill has already passed
this House ami become a law, providing that,
whenever the public exigencies demand, the Gov-
ernment may take possession of railroads. If the
public exigencies require it, the Government can
take possession of these roads and put them in
repair, and will do it. There is no necessity, in
my judgment, in the present condition of public
affairs, for relieving railroads from obligations
they have entered into with the Government. I
dislike this system of forcing upon the Govern-
ment the relinquishment of obligations of this
character.
Now, it is undoubtedly true that the operations
of these railroads have been interfered with by the
public enemy; but, wherever it is necessary for
the public service, the Government will take pos-
session and make its own repairs. I would not
go a step beyond that for the purpose of relieving
these corporations from any pecuniary obligations
they may have, or of any embarrassments they
may be under. Except so far as it is necessary
for the public service, I would permit them to
repair their own roads at their own expense.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana, who is entitled to the floor, to yield for a
motion to adjourn. This is a very important
measure, and I think we ought to consider it with
a full House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield for that motion
to be made.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 3, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PAY OF MILITARY WITNESSES.
Mr. WADE. I ask the general concurrence of
the Senate to reconsidcr the vote passing a joint
resolution that I offered on Friday last. I believe
the time has not elapsed within which I have the
right to move a reconsideration. I wish to make
some verbal amendments. As it has been passed,
I find that it does not quite attain the objects I had
hoped it did.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to reconsider the vote of the Senate
on the final passage of the joint lesolution (S.No.
42) in relation to tiie payment of expenses of the
joint committee of Congress appointed to inquire
into the conduct of the war.
The motion was agreed to.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
now move to reconsider the vote ordering the bill
lo be engrossed for a third reading?
IVIr. WADE. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion is now open to amendment.
Mr. WADE. I move to substitute for it the
following resolution:
Resolred, f>r , That <iny poition of the amount appiopri-
ated by (lie "joint revolution for payment of th« expenses
ot' the joint committee of Con«res>s appointed to inquire
into the conduct ot the wat," approved January 27, 1862,
that may have been, or idi,ill here.iftei be allowed by the
said joint committee, for witnesses attending before it, or to
peisons employed m Us seivice, for per diem, traveling, or
othei necessary expends, paid by the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, in pui -uance ot the ouler of that joint committee, shall
he accoidmijlv cicdited and allowed by the accounting of
ficeis ot the Tiea-uiy Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The jointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. WADE, its title was amended
to read: "A jointresolution in addition to 'a res-
olution for payment of the expenses of the joint
committee of Congiess appointed to inquire into
the conduct of the war.' "
EXECUTIVE COMMtlN]CATIOXS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message of the President of the United States,
transmuting extracts fsom a dispatch of the 20th
ofDeeember, ]8fi 1, fi om Mr. Adams,United States
minister at London,to the Secretary of State, and
a copy of an instruction from Earl Russell to Lord
Lyons, of the 10th January, 18&2, relative to the
removal of certain citizens from the British mail
steamer Trent, by order of the commander ot the
