1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
31tii Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation Bill—Mr. Poiodl.
Senate.
Senator another question: whether that was not
since seven centuries ago?
Mr. POWELL. Weil, that may be. Wewere
rather in embryo then; we were struggling for
existence; we were not regarded by "European
Powers as a separate, independent nation, but as
a people in revolt against a parent Government,
a people straggling for independence and nation-
ality. J made my statement on the authority of
Mr. Wheaton. Iam very glad, however, the Sen-
ator suggested that, for 1 wish the Senate to look
into theauthorities. The writers on our Constitu-
tion cite those very things as one of the reasons why
these clauses wore inserted by our fathers in the
Constitution. Mr. Wheaton, in making the state-
ment, I suppose, did.not regard the colonies as a
separate nationality, but merely as a people strug-
gling for liberty^. Speaking of the sutjectof prop-
erty obtained by conquest, Mr. Wheaton says:
<• Such was the Roman law of war, often asserted with
unrelenting severity; and such was the fate of the itoman
provinces subdued by tins northern barbaiians, on the de-
cline and fall of the western empire. A largo portion, from
one third to two thuds, of the land* belonging to the van-
quished provincials, was confiscated and partitioned among
their conqueiors. The last example in Euiope of such a
conquest was that of England, by William ot Normandy.
Sincc that period, among the civilized nation^ of ChtiMen-
dom, conquest, even when confirmed by a treaty of peace,
has been followed by no general oi partial transmutation of
landed property. The property belonging to the Govern-
ment of the vanquished nation passes to the victorious State,
which a!hO takes the place of the foimer sovereign, in ic-
spect to the eminent domain. In other respects, private
rights aie unaffected by conquest.—fPAeafcm's Elements
of International Law, p. 4:20.
That is what Mr. Wheaton says on the sub-
ject, and he is usually exceedingly accurate; and
you propose to do what this most eminent of in-
ternational law writers—certainly the most emi-
nent of this country—says has not been done for
seven centuries. Let me tell you, Senators, if
you pass this bill, you cannot execute it except
to a veiy limited extent, and so far as you did ex-
ecute it, it would result in a swindle to the igno-
rant purchasers confiding in Congress, for the
courts would decide that you could only forfeit
the property during the life of the offender. The
result would be that thp ignorant purchasers buy-
ing this property, confiding in the title obtained
in consequence of this law, would all be cheated
and swindled; for whenever the courts were open,
whenever a fair hearing in any impartial and en-
lightened court in Christendom could be had, I
have no doubt such titles would be held to be
invalid.
As I have said, if you attempt to take the prop-
erty of those engaged in this war against the Gov-
ernment, you can do it only for life, and then only
by process of law. For the reasons I have stated,
I believe, if you pass this bill, that it will be
clearly unconstitutional, and that no good, but
great harm, will result from it. You would con-
fer defective titles, and involve the purchasers in
lawsuits; and so far from having the effect you
suppose it would have, to weaken those in arms
against the Government, in my judgment, you
would nerve their arms; indeed you would put
arms in the hands of tens of thousands that are
now taking no part in this strife. You would fire
them with a desperate zeal. They would have no
motive to lay down their arms when they knew
that all their property would be forfeited and they
themselves sent as beggars through the earth.
Another objection to the bill is, that it punishes
alike the innoccnt and the guilty. You strip the
women, you strip the infant children, you strip
dccrepitage of that support to which they are en-
titled as the result of the savings from the labor
for years of their families. Itis harsh; it is cruel;
it is unbecoming the age in which we live; and in
my judgment unbecoming the American people.
In a time like this we should attempt by measures
just and constitutional to show those in arms
against the Government that we are not actuated
by hatred to them or their domestic institutions™
that our only object is to reconstruct the consti-
tutional Union. Intolerance and vindictivenoss
never saved a Government, and will not save this.
I now come to the second section of the bill;
and in order that I may present it fairly before the
Senate I will read it:
Sec. 2. And be it further enactcd, That every person hav-
ing claim to the seivice or labor of any other person in any
State under the laws thereof, who during the present re-
bellion shall take up arms against the United States, or in
any maimer give aid and comfort to said rebellion, shall
thereby forthwith forfeit all claim to such ;-crviee or labor,
and the persons from whom it is claimed to be due, com-
monly called slaves, shall, ipso facto, on tbe commission
of the act of forfeiture by the party having claim to the ser-
vice or labor aw aforesaid, be discharged therefrom, and be-
come forever thereafter free persons, any law of any State
or of the United States to the contrary notwithstanding.
And whenever any person claiming to be entitled to the
service or labor of any other person shall seek to enforce
such claim, he shall, in the first instance and before pro-
ceeding with the trial of bib claim, satisfactorily prove that
he is and has been, during tbe eu«ting lcbellion, loyal to
the Government of the United States; and no person en-
gaged in the military or naval service of the United States
shall, under any pretense whatever, assume to dccldc on
the validity of the claim of any person to the service or
labor of any other person, or to surrender up any such per-
son to the claimant.
There is certainly no power delegated to Con-
gress to pass the section of the bill just read. API
political organizations in this country have held
that Congress had no power to interfere with the
local institutions of the States. Congress, on the
23d of March, 1790, passed a resolution declaring
that they " had no authority to interfere for the
emancipation of slaves within any of the States,
it remaining for the several States alone to pro-
vide any regulation therein which humanity and
true policy may require." On the 11th of Febru-
ary, 1861, Congress, by an overwhelming ma-
jority, passedaresolution 11 thatneithcr Congress,
nor any of the non-slaveholding States had any
right to interfere with slavery in any of the slave-
holding States of the Union."
This is certainly in contravention of those res-
olutions, for you arc interfering with the institu-
tion of slavery in the States. \ am old-fashioned
enough in my politics to believe that there is some-
thing of State rights left. Indeed, I have ever been
a State-rights man, and now am a State-rights
Democrat, and believe that if this country is res-
cued from the perils by which it is surrounded,
it will ultimately be done by cairying out the
constitutional principles of that glorious old party
which has successfully administered this Govern-
ment for over fifty years. All parties, every po-
litical organization in this country, have admitted
that the control of this domestic institution of
slavery is a matter that is reserved to the States.
There is not, and has not been, any class of pol-
iticians in the country that ever held otherwise,
except a few who claim to be higher law men.
There is no reasoning with one ofthese higher law
men. I have no more respect for a politician who
claims that he is governed hya law higher and above
the Constitution which he swears to Support than
I have for the man who claims to be a Christian
while he repudiates the Bible, and says there is a
code beyond and above it by which his Christian
life is governed. I look upon them as crazy, mis-
chievous madmen, one in tbe political field and
the other in religious affairs. They arc the only
class of people that ever did claim this power.
The Democratic party never claimed it; the Whig
party never claimed it; the Republican party never
claimed it; the Chicago platform expressly repu-
diates it; and it is only this class of individuals to
whom I have alluded that ever did claim it, so far
as I am advised.
This section of the bill is an insidious attempt
to do indirectly what its advocates will not attempt
to do directly. It is an attempt to destroy the
institution of slavery in the southern States.
You will not attempt to do it directly; but in my
judgment this is a most insidious attempt to do it
indirectly. It violates the clauses of the Consti-
tution to which I have referred. It is a bill of
attainder accompanied with forfeiture without ju-
dicial proccss. By it you take private property
without process of law. You take it with out com-
pensation, not for the public use, but to turn it
adrift, and in many cases to become a charge upon
your already exhausted Treasury; for 1 find that
you have got commissions down South now, en-
gaged in somecotton-plantingspeculations, which
I venture to say will cost this Government thou-
sands upon thousands of dollars. There is one
clause in this section to which I wish to call spe-
cial attention:
"And no person engaged in the military or naval service
of the United States bhull, under any pretense whatever,
a«snme to decide on the validity of the claim of any person
to the service or labor of any other person, or to surrender
up any hueli person to the claimant."
I do not know that the first part of that clause,
that they shall not decide upon the claim of any
person to his slave, is very objectionable, that
might well be left to the courts; but it is declared
that they shall not surrender them up—what will
be the effect of that? It will make these camps
a place of refuge for the slave population, and
that will necessarily incite insubordination. They
will flock there by hundreds and by thousands.
We know they are doing so now. One of the
reasons why our fathers declared they took up
arms against the British king was that " he had
incited insurrection among us." This clause has
that tendency,to cause insubordination, insurrec-
tion.
Thcio is another reason why I think you should
do nothing like this. All of the slave States have
laws and regulations for the emancipation of
slaves. The United States must be governed by
those laws* if it attempts to interfere with them.
I need but state to so learned a lawyer, as 1 know
the Senator from New York to be, the proposi-
tion, and he will at once see that when you go to
interfere with the property of tiie people of any
of the States, secured by their constitution and
their laws, you must do it in obedience to their
State laws. They must govern, and do govern,
in the United States courts in all the States of the
Union, concerning every description of property
that can be legitimately held in the States. This
bill, then, is a violation of the laws and constitu-
tions of the States. It sweeps them all by the
board. 1 know it is not common here to accord
to the States many rights; the tendency is to a
consolidated despotism; but all admit that they
have some rights; all admit that they have con-
trol over thirj institution of African slavery within
their borders; and yet, notwithstanding that, you
now propose to pass a bill putting that institution
virtually out of existence, and emancipating their
slaves, not only in violation of their local laws
regulating the subject, but in derogation of every
right that those people may have in that property,
without even giving them the opportunity of liti-
gating their i ights or of making their defense in a
court of justice. Why, sir, many of those men
may be innocent of this charge of treason. You
do not allow them what you now accord to the
lowest and most degraded petty larceny thief, an
opportunity to vindicate his innocence; but you
charge them; you condemn them; you forfeit their
estates; you turn them out to wander as vaga-
bonds through the earth; all this you do without
hearing them before any judicial tribunal what-
ever; and you do this by tiie action of the Amer-
ican Senate, in this temple where we would sup-
pose constitutional liberty and law delighted to
dwell. Pause, Senators, before you go so far.
We are nowuponjustsuch timesas those in which
Judge Story said those rash penalties of confisca-
tion were passed in England, during times of civil
war, when the reason is tossed to and fro as a reed
is driven by the fierce hurricane in the storm. It
is no time for such things. I had supposed that
it would be kept out of this Senate; but I regret
to say that the most learned judges and lawyers
here appear absolutely to be ready to overthrow
the Constitution. I will do them the justice, how-
ever, to remark that I dare say they believe what
they are doing is constitutional.
Sir, what will be the effect, if this section should
become a law? itwiilresultvirtuallyin theeman-
cipation of the slaves in all the States. You turn
loose the slaves of all those parties who arc en-
gaged in this rebellion, and, in the cotton States,
nearly all the people are in it. What you will
leave them will not be worth having, particularly
when they are in the midst of such a free negro
population; and that is the object. The Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] who has the Ne-
grophobia—if he will allow the woid; I do not
use it offensively—as badly as any man 1 ever
saw, smiles when I say this. It is what he
wishes, what he wants. The effect will be as I
have stated, and hence I have called it an insidious
attempt to do indircctly what they would not at-
tempt to do directly. I would much prefer that
gentlemen should march up to the work at once,
unfold their flag, proclaim their purpose, and pro-
pose a law to free all the slaves. That, in my judg-
ment, would be more direct, more manly, more
to be approved by open, candid, sincere men.
It is true there is a clause in the bill providing
