2588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 55, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
■ The question recurring upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute, as amended,
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to Jay the whole
subject upon the table.
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 86, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS-—Messis. Ancona, Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Biddle,
Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blah, Blake,William G.Brown,
Buffinton, Burnhain, Calveir, Casey, Clark, Clements,
Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling, Corning,
Covode, Cravens, Ciittenden, Deiaplaine, Dunlap, Dunn,
Edgeiton, Edward*, English, Fisher, Foukc, Fianehot,
Gianger,Gnder, Gurley, Hale, flaiding, Harrison, Iloiman,
llutchins, Johnson, Kelley, Law, Lazear, Lehman,Loom-
is, Lovejoy, Mo Knight, McPher^on, May, iYIaynaid, Mitch-
ell, Mooihcad, Nixon, Noble, John S. Phelps, Pike, Porter,
Potter, John H. Rice, Kiddle, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins,
Sargent, Shanks, fcSheUnbargftr, SpauUling, William G.
Steele, Styles, Stratton, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
btidge, Vallandmham, Vai* Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Ver-
rec, Vibhtmi, Wall, Wn«hbunie, Webber, Albert S.
White, Wiekliffe,Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, and Wright
—86.
NAYS—Mcssrs. AUlnch, William J.Allen, Alley, Ar-
nold, Ashley, tteaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blau, Gooige
H. Browne, Chamberlin, Cobb, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Ely, Fessenden,Goueh,Goodwin, IIai<rht,Hanehett, Hoop-
er, Julian. Fianeis \V. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kerri-
gan, Knapp, Lansing, Menzfe*, Anson P. Morrill, Justin
S. Morrill, Noell, Norton, Nugcri, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pomeroy, Price, Alexander II. Rice, Richardson, Sedg-
wick, Segar, Sheffield, Slncl, Sloan, Smith, John B. Steele,
Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiam, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Wallace, Walton, and Worcestei—53.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the motiou
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE l-'ROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United Suites, through Mr. Nic-
olay, his Private Secretary.
BRUNSWICK AS A PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Secretary of the
Treasury has sent to the Committee on Commerce
a bill to change the port of entry from Darien,in
Georgia, to Brunswick. As it is a matter of im-
portance and some urgency, I ask unanimous con-
sent to repot t it and put it upon its passage.
Mr. VALLANDIG1LVM. I call fur the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to the bill making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of tin; Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1863.
BOUNTY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. Ijefore that matter is entered
upon, I desire !<> report back, with the Senate
amendments, the bill of the House (No. 413)
making appiopnaiions for the payment of the i
bounty authonzed by the sixth section of the act-
entitled " An act to authouzo the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro- !
testing public property;" approved July 22,1861,
and for other purposes.
No objection being made, (he bill and amend-
ments were reported, and the House proceeded
to the consideration thereof.
Fiist amendment of the Senate:
Page 2, stiike out all from the beginning of line four to
the end ot line nine, and ln.-eit the following as a new sec-
tion :
Sue. 2. A<id he. ?/ further eixrctcd, Thar tho Secretary of
the Interna is authorised to employ twenty additional clerks
of the tirst class for the purpose of inrrcasinir tempoiaiily
the clerical t'oroem the office of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and that the miid of ,>$21,000 is hereby appropriated,
out ol any money in the Tieasuiy not otherwise appioprt-
ate«, tor the compensation of said cleiks tor the lineal year
ending the 30ih uf June, 18G3.
Pile Committee of Wtiys and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether the $24,000 provided for by this section
is not considerably less than the appropriation
made in the bill of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. It is something less. The
Commissioner of Pensions thinks, however, that
he cannot get along with that kind of force alto-
gether, and it is believed that if the amendment is
sent to a committee of conference a medium may
be hit upon that will answer the necessities of the
Department.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Second amendment:
Same page, strike out all from the beginning of line six-
teen to the end of line nineteen.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Pago 3, strike out all after the word " of," in line seven,
as fallows, " any money in the Tieasury not other wise ap-
propriated," and insert, in lieu thereof, as follows: "any
money herein or hereafter appropriated for similar bounty
to volunteers."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then resumed, as the regular order
of business, the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 260)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1863,
beginning with the seventh amendment of the Sen-
ate, which was read, as follows:
To carry into effect the treaty of Feb! ttary 18,1861, with
Arrapahoes and Cheyenne Indians ot the Upper Arkansas
river, viz :
For surveying the exterior of the reservation, and divid-
ing the same between the two tribes, estimated to he three
hundied and lil'iy miles, at an expense of ten dollais pei
nirle lbr surveying, $3,".>00.
For the first ot lifteen installments of annuity of $30,000,
to he expended for then benefit, that is to say, $ 15,000 per
annum lot each tiibe, commencing with the jeai m winch
they .-hall remove to and settle upon their reservations, for
the iiacal year ending June 30, 1^62, y30,i)00.
Also, tor the same~ol>ject for the fiscal year ending June
30. 1803, .CflUjOUO.
For tran,spoliation ami necessary expenses of delivering
of annuitie.-, goods, and provision* to the Arrapnhoes and
Cheyenne Indian* of the Upper AiKansas river* lor the fis-
cal year ending Iiine 30, Iritis, #5,009.
Also, for the same object lor the fiscal year ending June
30, ia>J, ,^3,OJ0.
For the pui pose of negotiating a treaty with the Chippe-
wa-! of northern Minnesota, and the extinguishing of their
title to the lands in that vicinity, or so much tbeienf as may
bo needed for that purpose, to he expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary ot the Intei ior, $15,000.
For defraying the expenses of negotiating a treaty with
the Shoshones or Snake Indians, or so much thereof as
may be needed, to be expended uudei the dneetiou of the
Secretaiy of the Inteiior, £20,000.
For this amount in the hands of late agent YV. W. Den-
nisou, unaccounted lot, belonging to the Ottoes and Mis-
.sourias, .$18,970 07.
For deficiency m the contingent fund of the Indian de-
partment loi the balance ot the half year endingJune 30,
18G2, .$10,000.
Sno. '2. And be it further enacted, That after the end of
the present li-cal jear the salary of the superintendent of
Indian allaiis tor the noithern and lor the southern districts
of California '-hall be ^.500,
Sec. 3. And he if fwither enacted, That the sum of$50,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to enable the Pres-
ident to negotiate a treaty with the 3\ez Perce Indians of
Oicuon and Washington Temtoiy, lor the relinquishment
of a poition or all olthen present icservation, oi its exchange
tor othei lands.
Si;o. '1. And I,cit further enacted, That under any of the
appiopiiafions contained in this act for the pmpose of ne-
gotiating tieatie-j, there shall be no new engagements en-
tered into to pay moneys to any 1 udian tribe. That all pay-
ments to be made under Mich treaties shall be made in
specific articles of clothing and agricultural implements.
Src. 5. And be it fin fher enactcd, That hereatter no goods
shall be puichasod by the Indian department, ot its agents,
foi any ti ibe, except upon the written lequisition of tho
superintendent m charge of the tribe, and only upon public
bids in ihe mode picsenbed by law lor the puicliasc ol other
supplies.
ShC.(3. And be it further enacted, That the Secretaiy of the
j Intenot he, and lie is hereby, dncctcd to cause settlements
to be made with all persons appointed by Indian councils
to receive moneys due to incompetent or orphan Indians,
to be ictrn ned to the Tiea^uiy oi the United ^tatc*; and ail
moneys so returned shall bear interest at the rate of six per
cent per annum, until paid by oidcr ol the riecictaiy of the
| Intei jor to those entitled to the same ; and no money shall
[ bcreaftct he paid to anv peison or persons appointed by any
j Indian council to i eeeive moneys due to incompetent or or-
! piian Indians, hut ihc same -shall lemain in tho Tiea-airy of
I tljf United States until oidered to he paid by the said Soc-
letaiy to those entitled to receive tiie same, aiul shall bear
six per cent, inteiest until  o paid.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in this amendment with
amendments, as follows:
Strike out in line nine, page 2, the word " this," and also
to stiike out the second, thud, and fouith sections of the
Senate's amendment. 4
Mr. STEVENS. After the remarks made by
the Delegate from Washington, I think it likely
that an appropriation for makinga treaty with the
Nez Perces ought to be made, though perhaps not
of so large an amount as that proposed. Thegen-
tleman can, however, if the Senate's amendment
is non-concurred in, appear before the committee of
conference, and I doubt not that they will be dis-
posed to adopt any suggestion which he may make
on the subject. 1 move the pievious question on
the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, were agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted* That the proviso to the
appiopnation for defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of the Indians in California, included in an act
entitled " An act making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of ihe Indian department, and for ful-
lilling tieaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, ISGl/'appiovod June 19,1800, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed; and that in Iron thereof, the
following provisions shall be made lor the Indian service m
California: Fiist. Allthere-ei various within what is called
the northern district of California fhali be abolished, with
the exception of that located m Hound Valley, Mendocino
county,California; and ail Government peisowal propeity
and improvements on the lesuivauoiuj so abolished, except
such as tbesupenntpnding agent may deem it advisable to
tiarispmt to Round Valley, be sold, and the proceeds ap-
plied to the extinguishment of settleis' titles, and making
lmpiovernents on llound Valley reservation, the amounts
so to be paid for such settlers' titles and improvements to
be detcimined by a commission of two persons to be se-
lected by the President of the United States. Second. Trie
superintending agent for tho noithern district of California
shall reside on the Round Valley icservation and superin-
tend the Indians, lie shall employ three laboreis on said
reservation, at the rate of forty dollars per month and board
for each, said laborers to assist in instiueting the Indians
m aguciiltuial pursuits, and collecting them upon the icser-
vation. Third. All the piesent snpein&ors on all the reser-
vations shall be discontinued. Fouith. All tiie icservations
within what is called the southern.district of California
shall be abolished, and the Indians collected togethei and
located in Owen's River Valley, or on such other public
land as may be deemed advisable by the Piesidont ot tne
United States; the Government pioperfy and improvements
on the reservations so abolished,except such as the super-
intending agent shall deem it advisable to transpoit to the
reservation, to be sold, and the proceeds applied to the im-
provement of Owen's River Valley, or the reseivation
decided upon foi the location of the Indians. Filth. The
superintending agent for tho southern dlstuct shall reside
upon the icservation decided upon, and employ the labor-
ers, and superintend the instruction of the Indians, the
same a3 is ptescribcd in section two for the northern su-
perintendent. Sixth. Each superintending agent shall be
allowed a clerk at the late of $l/3J0 per annum. Seventh.
That the sum of £75,000 be, and is hereby, appropriated to
detray the expenses ot collecting the Indians upon the re-
spective reservations, their subsistence, and puiehasing
farming implements, and such other articles as may be
deemed ni ccssary for theii advancement in civilization,
Eighth. The Mohaves shall remain upon their present les-
eivationin southern California, and a special agent snail
be appointed lor them at a salaiy of $1,800 per annum.
Ninth. Forthc purpose ol canying the foregoing piovisions
into effect, to wit: to pay foi salaries of laborers, cleiks,
and ogm foi Mohave Indians, tne sum of $7,080 is iioeby
nppropn.ited out of any money m the Trcasuiy not oihei-
wivo appiopriated. For salaues of clerks to siipuiintenderits
of Indians afiaiis for the noithein and southern districts
of Calitornia. for three quaiteis of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 18(33, at .$1,800 pei annum, ^2,700: Frouded,
That bflore any sales of the pioperfv on <aid reservations
shall be made, the Secretary of the Interior shall cause the
Carrie to he inventoried and appiaised, and to cuu^e public
notice of the time and place lot the sale of the same, to be
published for at least sixty days in thiee newspapers of
California having the widest cuculation, strung what
propeity is thus to be sold, and tluu the same may be sold
in parcel-?.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
POUT OF ENTRY IN GEORGIA.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to with-
draw the objection which I made a few minutes
since to the reporting of a bill by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washburntb,] from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
There bein^ no further objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a lull to change the port of
entry for the district of Brunswick in the State of
Georgia; which was read a first and sccond time.
The bill proposes to change the port of entry
