1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation Bill—Mr. Potvell.
Senate.
iove nnd wish to preserve their liberty ever will.
As you break down the departments of your Gov-
ernment and allow the magisti ates appointed under
any one of the different departments to exercise
functions belonging to the other, you make a
breach in the constitutional ramparts which our
fathers have thrown around our liberties. It
should never be done. No free, liberty-loving
people, who respect and wish to retain their lib-
erties, will ever clothe a magistrate with such
power. I know that extraordinary power in the
hands of a wise, virtuous, and just man might be
used temporarily to piomote the best interest of
the State. I know Rome was safe when she called
the wise, the virtuous, and the patriolic Cincin-
natus from the plow, and clothed him with dic-
tatorial power; but I know that she had cause,
grievous cause, to mourn the dictatorships of
Sylla and Caius Marius.
Senators, never, never clothe your magistrates
with these extraordinary powers. Let them ex-
ercise only those functions that are given them
by the Constitution of our country. Keep well
and plainly marked all the distinctions that the
Constitution makes in the coordinate depaitments
of the Government. As you depart from them,
you approach a despotism; for the very essence
and meaning of despotism is the concentration of
all power in one man. Let the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial departments exercise the pow-
ers and functions conferred upon them by the
Constitution, and no more. Do not suffer one de-
partment to encroach upon another. More par-
ticularly should we be careful in times like these,
when every effort is being made by some persons
to overthrow the Constitution. Let us stand by
it as the ark of our safety. Sir, you may talk
about the Union as you please. I love the Union;
as our fathers formed it, it is worthy of my love,
my devotion; but I love the Constitution more.
If you preserve the Union, you must protect the
Constitution. The Union without the Constitu-
tion would not be worth preserving. What care
I for a territorial Union, even if it were to contain
forty times the area of square miles that ours does,
if in it we have despotism instead of constitutional
liberty? For me, sir, I would rather have six feet
of the meanest earth with the liberty that the Con-
stitution of my fathers conferred upon me, than
to live in an empire on a continent seagirt, with
the Constitution overthrown, and my hbci ties and
the liberties of those who are to come after me
stricken down. I love the constitutional Union
because of the liberty the Constitution, the bond
of that Union, throws around me, and throws
around the people. Its territorial extent, its grand-
eur, its power is subject of admiration, but not of
love. My love is for the constitutional liberty that
our fathers gave us when they gave us the Con-
stitution; all else but challenges my admiration.
It may gratify my vanity; but the constitutional
liberty that our fathers gave us challenges my
love and my ardent devotion. Allow me to read
one single paragraph from Mr. Webster on this
subject in the speech he made on Jackson's pro-
test:
" The first object of a free people i-i the preservation ol
their liberty ; and libeity is only to bo maintained iiy con-
stitutional restraints ami ju^t division?. ot political power.
Notion" i ' more deceptive oi inoie dangerous than the pie-
tense ot' a desire to sitoplitv Government. The simplest
Governments are despnfHms; the next simplest limited
moiuuclues; but all lepublic,, all Govc.iim. nt« of law,
must impose uuinoinmrcstwuiNand limitation* of author,
itv They must be subject to rule and regulation. Hums
the verv essence ot free political institutions. The spirit
ot hbeitvis, indeed, a bold and feailcs-s spnit; hut it 15 also
asighted spirit. It is a cautious, sagacious, far-seeing
intelligence. It is jealous of encroachment, jealous ot
noweu lealous of man. It demands cliccNs; it seeks loi
eutml-- it insists on securities ; it intrenches nselt behind
defenses; and fortifies with all possible care against the as-
saults of ambition and passion, it does not tuist the ami-
able weaknesses of human nature, and, therefore  ii( not
riprmit power to ovcistef its frcscribed limits. though benev-
olence, good intent, andratnotic intent come alon^imlhit.
It seeks foi duration and permanence. It looks back ami
befoie : and, building on the experience of ages svhicl are
nast, it fabors diligently for the benefit of aces that aie to
come. This is the nature of constitutional liberty; this is
our liberty. A separation ot clepa.tsne.its, and the pres
ervation of the hnesof division between rhom,is the funda-
mental idea in the creation of all our con^tituUon&, anu
doubtless tne continuance of regulated libeiiy depends oo
the maintenance of these boandaues."
Thus spoke the great Webster, Sena tors, I beg
vou to ponder and digest the philosophy and the
wisdom contained in that short but eloquent and
pointed extract. You wish to consolidate; you
wish to clothe the President with the power
through the most insignificant instruments, such
as the lowest order of your judiciary and the very
lowest order of your military, to go forth armed
with judicial and ministerial power to sell an
amount of property that never before was put un-
der the auctioneer's hammer—an amountgreater
than that which the Praetorian bands put under
the hammer when they struck off the Roman em-
pire to the highest bidder; and yet perhaps you
will pass it; but in the name of the Constitution
of my country, in the name of the liberties of the
people, I make my protest against it. 1 invite the
attention of Senators to this section of the bill;
and I venture to say there never was heretofore, in
this or any other country, wheie the rights of prop-
erty and liberty were appreciated, a proposition to
confer such extraordinary power upon the Ex-
ecutive.
The sixth section of the bill is an attempt to
assimilate the punishment of treason to the pro-
ceedings for the punishment of smuggling. The
forfeiture specified in the first section of the bill is
a forfeiture for treason, and for treason there can
be no forfeiture of estate except for life, and that
must follow a judicial attainder. The party must
be found guilty in court by a jury of his peers,
before there can bo a forfeiture, even for life, of
his estate. I believe that if the doctrine of con-
demning property for smuggling in the way it is
done had'been met by a fearless spirit at the time,
the current of decisions would have been different;
but we know the reason assigned for it. We have
the constitutional right to pass laws to lay and
collect faxes, duties, and imports, and of course
to prescribe the terms and conditions upon which
goods may be imported; and in order to prevent
infractions of the law, property which is attempted
to be smuggled, is, by the law, forfeited. It is a
forfeiture ofthe thing that is being used in viola-
tion of the law. That is the principle upon which
it rests. The forfeiture of goods for breach of the
revenue laws has, however, slight, if any, anal-
ogy to the confiscation of property as a punish-
ment for the crime of the owner.
While you keep in view the provisions of the
Constitution which I have read, I do riot believe
there Is any power known to the logician or any
art of the rhetorician that can give to this bill the
semblance of constitutionality. There is one. other
subject that I beg leave to refer to somewhat in
detail. The right to confiscate property has been
claimed under the war power. Petitions have been
presented here almost every day of the session
asking that the property of rebels be confiscated
and their slaves set free under the war power.
The Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
I think, has presented a wagon load of them this
session. I am aware that it is claimed that under
the war power the President and his generals have
the right to emancipate slaves and confiscate other
property,and thut is derived from the power which
itissaid the President hasas Commander-in-Chief
of the Army in time of war to declare martial law.
Now, I deny that the Piesident of the United
States, that any general commanding our forces,
ay, that the Government by virtue of any or all of
its departments, can declare martial law. Thete
is no such power given in the Constitution of our
country, and whoever has attempted, or shall here-
after attempt, to exercise it is a usurper—he over-
throws the Constitution of his Government. That
is the position I take; and if you look into it closely
I do not think you can doubt its truth. Now,
wlut is this maitial law? I will lead a definition,
as good a one, perhaps, as any you will find, in
Jacobs's Law Dictionary. Jacobs, in his Law
Dictionary, defines martial law to be
"Tiie law of war that depends upon tile just but arbi-
trary power and pleasure of the king or his lieutenant; lie
nsettl absolute power so that Ins vvoid is law. A distinc-
tion Jiouid be made between martial law as founeily exe-
cuted, catiiely at tile discretion of die crown and unbounded
in its authority as to persons or crimes, and that at present
established, which is limited as to bolh.1'
The- Duke of Wellington defined martial law
to be
"The will of the commander-in-chief."
Mr. Wharton, in his Law Dictionary, defines
it to be
That rute of action which is imposed by the imlitaiy
power, and lias no place in tile institutions of this country,
unless the aulcles of win established undei tlio mutiny acts
ho considered as of that character. The prerogative r>t'pro-
claiming maitial Jaw within thN kingdom is destioycd, as
it would appoai, by the I'euuon ot K/ght."
The latter part of that definition I shall refer to
in future. Martial law is {he absolute will of the
commander-in-chief; his will is substituted for
law; and that is the power that is claimed now by
many of our generals in the field;-it is claimed and
exercised to-day by the President of the United
States through his subordinates, his generals in
the field. It is a power which, whenever exer-
cised, in my judgment is an overthrow of the Con-
stitution ofthe country. What are the powers of
the President? Mis powers are limited by the
fundamental law. The Constitution says "he
shall take care that the laws are. faithfully exe-
cuted." The Constitution j treaties, and laws made
in pursuance thereof aro the laws the President is
to see executed; if ho .sroes beyond these he vio-
lates the Constitution. The President has no legis-
lative or judicial power. Under the Constitution
the judicial power is conferred on a distinct and
independent body of magistracy, the judiciary.
The legislative functions arc devolved on a sepa-
rate and distinct body of magistrates, namely, the
Legislature, of which we are a part. If you con-
cede to the President the power to declare mar-
tial law  you clothe him with power to overthrow
the Constitution and suspend all the laws, and his
will becomes the law. He is then invested with
executive, legislative, and judicial functions, and
becomes an absolute despot. In ouv Government
the President can exercise no implied powers; the
exercise of all such powers is, by the Constitu-
tion, conferred upon another and different body of
magistracy. Congress alone can exercise implied
powers. Such is the express language of the Con-
stitution. The last clause of the eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution declares that
Congress shall have power
(l To make all laws winch shall he necessity and proper
for canving into execution the toieguing poweis and all
other poweis vested by tins Constitution in the Government
ofthe United Status ot in any depaitment theieof.M
The Piesident can legitimately exercise no
power except such as is confeired upon him by
express provisions of the Constitution and the
laws and treaties made in pursuance thereof.
Those who are charged with the preservation
of the Constitution have no right to overthrow it.
The Constitution secures to the people certain
rights, certain immunities, and certain privileges,
which every citizen in this broad land is entitled
to; and there is no power on earth, save the sov-
ereignty, to wit, the people of the States of the
Union themselves, that has the legitimate right
or power to alter, abridge, set aside, or suspend.
The sovereignty, the people of the States of the
Union, through their representatives, have the
right and power to amend, alter, or change the
Constitution in the manner prescribed in the Con-
stitution. Then there is left to the sovereignty,
the people, in the last icsort, the divine right of
revolution by which they may, by force, throw off
a Government which they cannot nd themselves
of otherwise, when it becomes oppressive and sub-
versive of iheii liberties. The Constitution says
that " no bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall
be passed;" and then itsays many other things, a
few of winch I will read, from the amendments to
the Constitution, which set forth some ofthe rights
secured to the people:
"Art. J. Congress shall make no law respecting the
establishment of religion, or piolubmug the five exeieise
thereof; or abridging the freedom o! speech, orol the pres-;;
or the iiirlit of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a icdiev of grievances.
" Art. i2. A well-regulated imliti.t, Ixung noces-sruy to the
security of a tree State, the rightof the people to keepand
bear arms, shall not be mtringed.
" Art. '3. No soldier bhall, in tune of peace, be quartered
in any hou-fi without the eon^cnt ol the owner, noi in time
of war but m a manner to be prescribed by law.
" Art. 4. The light of the people to be secure in their
person?*, houses, papeis. and effects against unreasonable
searches nnd seizuies shall not be violated, and no war-
rants' shall j^-ue, but upon piobable cause, supported by
oath or afiii motion, and purticulaily de^cubing the place to
be searched, and the pe^ons or things to be seized.
Art. 5. No peison shall beheld to answer lor a capital
orotheivvise inlainons eimie, unless on a preeminent or
indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the
land or naval foices, 01 in the militia, when in actual ser-
vice in tune ot war or public dangei ; noi fehall any person
be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jt opardy
of Hie or limb; nor ulnd! be compelled in any criminal case
