2590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
undefended coast, from Detroit to Ogdensburg,
and tell mc what port on Lakes Erie or Ontario
could escape? And why? Simply because we have
110 defensive works worthy of the name, and no
fleet to oppose to her. We have had our atten-
tion directed to Mackinaw, as an invaluable stra-
tegic point, and have been asked to expend large
suras of money there in the erection of a fortress;
but why should we do this so long as placcs of
equal strategic importance, and much more ac-
cessible to the arms of Britain arc neglected?
While I admit the necessity of formidable defens-
ive works in the Straits of Mackinaw, it seems
a wasteful expenditure of public money to build
them, so long as other points, more valuable for
defense, are left unprotected.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to mc that the brief
view I have presented of the condition of our
lake boundary is sufficient to demonstrate to the
House the necessity of erecting these improve-
ments where they will be accessible by water,
and where they can be rendered the most speed-
ily available in case of war. Would this be ac-
complished by locating them at any inland city,
where the only means of communication must be
by railroad ? Would it be accomplished by loca-
ting them on the Mississippi, where we shall prob-
ably never again, after this rebellion is crushed,
meet with an enemy? Would it be accomplished
by locating them at any port on those lakes or
waters which lie entirely within our territory ? It
seems to me, sir, that words need not be multi-
plied to prove that the policy which would aban-
don the only strategic territory we have for other
points would be entirely suicidal and indefensi-
ble. I might almost say, sir, that it would be an
outrage for the Government thus to expose the
property and lives of oui citizens who have peo-
pled, developed, and cultivated the lake frontier,
until it has become the richest mart of commerce
and agriculture m the nation. In view of the
sensitive nature of British honor, as developed
during our present difficulties, this people have the
right to ask of the Government all the protection
it has power to give. They know not, you can-
not know, how soon we may find ourselves at war
with Great Britain; but we all know that when
such an event occurs, our lakes will be the great
theater of internal sttife, and our lake ports the
first victims to the superior arms and military and
naval preparations of our foe.
ADVANTAGES OF TOLEDO.
Regarding the policy i have here briefly ex-
plained as the only one that at this time, and in
the present exhausted state of the Treasury, the
Government can with justice and safety adopt,
it remains only for the commissioners who shall
be appointed by the Government to make the loca-
tion to select from among those places on the lake
boundary the one which realizes all the natural
and artificial advantages necessary for such im-
provements. No locality that is contesting its
claims to these improvements enjoys, in a greater
degree, these advantages than the city of Toledo.
Its harbor, entirely land-locked, is one of the most
capacious on the great lakes, always accessible to
the largest vessels, and of such conformation that
it can be either defended or obstructed at its en-
trance by fortifications and harbor barriers at less
expense than any other on the lakes. It is of a
size sufficient to hold thousands of vessels, which
can safely ride at anchor in any weather. It is
situated on the estmry of the Maumee river, at a
distance of only ten miles from the great cential
Lake Erie, which ever has been and always must
be a greater commercial thoroughfare, and sustain :
amuchlaigercommeiciai marine, than any or all '
our other inland watets. The Ohio rivei at Cin-
cinnati is more easy of access fiom Toledo than
from any other point on the lakes, while Toledo, '
which is situated upon the arc of a circle drawn -
from St. Louis to Liverpool, by way of the Sr. !
Lawrence outlet, can be teached fiom the West !
and East,both by water andiailroad, more surely
and speedily than any other northwestern city, j
Two canals, together forming the longest line of !
canal navigation m the world, have a northern I
termination at Tuh-du, after uaversmg the rich :
ffram-pmducina volleys of the Great Miami, in i
Ohio, from Cincinnati, and the Wabash, in In-
diana, from EvansviHe on the Ohio, more than one
hundred miles below Louisville. Seven railroads
concentrating at Toledo afford means of ready
distribution to all parts of the United States, and
the uninterrupted navigability of the lake, except
in winter, and its connections, furnishes an unfail-
ing and expeditious means of water communica-
tion with the important territory bordering the
straits of Mackinaw, and the narrow and ex-
posed waters connecting the great chain of lakes
at that point. So numerous, available, and ex-
peditious are the facilities forintercommunication,
both by land and water, at Toledo, that there can
never occur a time when an interchange of arms
and equipments cannot be made or a military or
naval expedition dispatched with greater speed
and safety there, than at any other port on the
great lakes.
i^s IMPORTANCE AS A STRATEGIC POINT.
If war were to occur between our country and
Great Britain, Toledo would be now, as it was in
1812, in the very heart of .that part of the West
which would be employed by both armies for
strategic purposes; and the facility and safety with
which naval expeditions designed for attack or
defense could be fitted out there, or land expedi-
tions for the same purposes, would then demon-
strate the necessity for any or all the improve-
ments contemplated by the bills before the House.
At such a moment, sir, no armory or naval depot
at Chicago or Davenport or any place on the Ohio
or Mississippi rivers, could afford the needful aid
to our beleaguered lake cities and ports. We
should then feel the necessity for their power at
or as near the points of attack as both water and
land could bring them. We should then desire
to send forth our fleet to sweep and command the
lake.
THE SEVERAL POINTS OF DEFENSE ON THE LAKES
ILLUSTRATED.
Mr. Chairman, for the more perfect illustration
of this view of the strategic importance of Toledo,
let us attempt to realize that we are already upon
the threshold of a war with Great Britain. With
the map of our country before me, and without
assuming to know more of military movements
than other men who have had no better exem-
plars, it yet seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that it can
hardly escape the notice of any thinking man that
there are at least three points on oui noithetn
frontier where our enemies would be sure, in the
present state of our defenses, to make an attack
upon us by land. I assume, of course, that war
with Great Britain now would be a very different
matter from whatit was forty years ago. Neither
country would attempt offensive operationsagainst
the other without an army of sufficient force to
oppose and overcome the obstacles which time,
rapid growth in population, great improvements
in arms and in the art of war, and recent disci-
pline and experience, have enabled each country
to secure. This would require not less than three
hundred and fifty or five hundred thousand men.
1. The country between Lake Champlain and Os-
wego.—Atone of the points indicated, that por-
tion of country lying between Lake Champlain
and the city of Oswego, where the enemy would
make a base, if atail,fot the purpose of marching
upon the city of New York, they would make
no demonstration without a huger force than any
we could assemble at an eaiiy period of the war.
The State of New York and the East are too
densely populated, and the points of defense be-
tween the base and extreme of their operations are
too strong and numerous. An early defeat like
that which they experienced at Plattsburg and
upon Lake Champlain in the last war, when at-
tempting a similar movement, would soon de-
monstrate^ them the utter impracticability of this
enterprise without an army of the most formida-
ble dimensions. I therefore assume that they
would not attempt to reach New Yoik city from
their line on the St. Lawiencc, but that they would
remain on the defensive along that entire line.
2. Buffalo and ike Niagara frontier.—Another
point that they would naturally seek to occupy
as a base for offensive operations by land would
be the Niagara fiontter. Buffalo would attract
their early attention. With that city in their power,
they would stuke across the country to the Ohio
at Pittsbuig, possess themselves of that city, and
thus cut off all railroad communication East and
West, at and between those two points. If, sir,
fheir army was strong enough to effect this, the
East and West would be as essentially separated
as if they were two distinct people, and it would
be impossible from the moment of the completion
of such a hostile movement for our forces to unite
in immediate combination to drive the enemy back.
3- Detroit frontier and Toledo.—The next point
for military occupation, and the most important
of the three, would be Toledo. Detroit would be
reduced by shelling from the Canada side, and oc-
cupied with a view of an immediate march upon
Toledo; as the mere possession of Detroit with-
out Toledo, would leave Toledo to our troops as
a base for operations, and enable them to cut off
the enemy if they attempted to use the railroad
across the peninsula of Michigan to Chicago, and
the other railroads diverging from Detroit. But
if the enemy secured Toledo, they would deprive
our army of the use of the seven railroads and two
canals centering at that point, as well as of the
railroads diverging at Detroit. From Toledo they
would invade Indiana, central Illinois, and Mis-
souri, by the Toledo, Wabash, and St. Louis rail-
road, and southern Michigan, northern Indiana,
and Illinois by the airline and Southern Michi-
gan and Northern Indiana railroad to Chicago.
With this part of Lake Erie as a base of opera-
tions for the enemy, the north bend in the Ohio
affording them the nearest foute from the lake to
the city of Cincinnati by canal and railroad com-
munication, they would reduce that as soon as
possible, and thus divide our western and eastern
communication a second time, so as to prevent all
concerted movements in our armies for a speedy
repulse of the invasion; they would thus obtain
control of almost the entire territory of Ohio and
part of Pennsylvania for offensive warfare.
Of course, Mr. Chairman, the enemy could not
make such movements without large armies and
immense munitions. But, sir, this is the age of
large armies. It would have exceeded the wildest
dream of enthusiasm if we had been told eighteen
months ago that the northern States should to-day
have an army of six hundred thousand men armed,
equipped, drilled, and doing battle for the Consti-
tution and the Union. Yet the fact is before us,
and we realize the axiom that " truth is stranger
than fiction." Sir, if we ever again become in-
volved in a war with Britain, it will necessarily
be the most terrible war of modern times, and on
her part a war of invasion. It behooves us, there-
fore, to be prepared for any event which the un-
certain and pregnant future may have in store for
us. We cannot tell how soon the old and haughty
nation of England, smarting under the calamities
indirectly brought upon a portion of her manu-
facturers by our blockade of southern ports, may,
in the contemplation of her own distresses, for-
get ours, and league with the guilty men now in
rebellion against us. Something more than the
possibility of such an event has entered into our
contemplations more than once since the com-
mencement of thi$ session of Congress, and we
are yet very far from being prepared to meet it.
It is time that something should be done to pro-
tect our northern frontier, now the most assaila-
ble and defenseless portion of our country. It is
time that we should put aside jealousies, strifes,
and all combinations which look more to merce-
nary gratification than the common good of the
country. I confess that, as a citizen of Toledo,
it would be gratifying to me to have that city se-
lected as one of the points for Government im-
provements. I am not insensible to the advant-
ages they will biing with them, if not to my own
inteiests, to the interests of thousands of my
friends and constituents. At the same time, Mr.
Chairman, I frankly declare that if there are other
and more important military positions which
would be neglected if Toledo received any one or
all the improvements recommended, in the name
of all my constituents, do not give us a dollar. I
know the loyalty and patriotism of those I repre-
sent too well to beiieve that they will knowingly
ask for the sacrifice of a single interest of the
country to benefit themselves. Certainly I will
not.
ACCESSIBILITY OF GUNBOATS FROM THE MISSISSIPPI
AND ATLANTIC NECESSARY.
Returning from this digression, sir, a glance at
the map will demonstrate the impoitance of To-
ledo as a military position, and the great advant-
age the possession of it would give to an enemy.
While we could heie check the enemy in any of-
fensive land attack, we could, at the same time,
the contemplated enlargements of the Illinois and
