1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
honesty in an administration, or any ability in a
statesman who happens to stand outside of the lim-
its of their political fold. The greatest calamity
that could befall the world, in their estimation,
would be the speedy, and successful termination
of the contest through the instrumentality of a
Republican Administration.
But this diversity of views among loyal men
arises from their adverse theories as to the pro-
curing cause of the war, from their various inter-
pretations of the powers vested in the General
Government by the Constitution, and from their
different estimates of the springs and sources
which feed the rebellion, and of the forces that
must be overcome before a permanent peace can
be secured.
Philosophical gentlemen, theorizing upon this
subjcct, will tell you that this is a contest between
two forms of civilization; an irrepressible conflict
between antagonistical ideas of the objects and
ends of human government, the one side agreeing
to the unity of the race and struggling for its
emancipation and political equality, the other side
denying its unity, and trying to perpetuate the
distinctions of caste and the subordination of one
race to the other. The deduction drawn from this
view is, that the contest must go on, if needs be,
forever, or until the annihilation of the one party
or the other is complete.
If this be true, if the mere existence of slavery
were sufficient to produce rebellion, then the Con-
stitution of the United States is a failure; the wis-
dom of the fathers who framed it, was folly; and
the sooner we strike hands with southern traitors,
in aid of its destruction, the better for us, and for
mankind. Not that slavery exists by virtue of
the Constitution. It exists as the creature of local
law, by permission of the Constitution, because
it is not inhibited.
But it is not true. There was no need of such
a contest. The history of the world in all ages,
the history of our own country for three quarters
of a century, prove that no such necessity existed.
It was not the institution of slavery, but the am-
bition of southern men, that made slavery aggress-
ive. It was not the desire for the emancipation of
the slave, but the ambition of noithern leadeis,
struggling to get into power, that made abolition-
ism aggressive. While demagogues were thus
bringing the nation to the verge of the precipice,
good men, North and South, were deploring the
social evils and the natural wrong of slavery, and
were looking hopefully to society in the develop-
ment of its innate stiength, to the civilized forces
of the age acting in benelierntchannels, and to the
Christian religion breathing peace and good will
to men, to work out peaceably the great problem
of the slave's emancipation; but before society,
or civilization, or religion had fairly developed
their nascent powers, the contest was precipitated;
not because it was in its nature irrepressible, but
because it was made so by the folly and wicked-
ness of men.
Other differences arise from the confusion of
ideas as to the relationaof the States to each other
and to the Federal Government, and the poweis
vested in the Government by the Constitution.
A large class of southern politicians have long
held that the Constitution docs not establish a gov-
ernment acting directly upon individuals, hutthat
it is a more compact or league, to which the States
are parties, and which may be dissolved at the
will of either party. The pestilent hetvsy of .se-
cession, with its brood of realized and impending
evils, is the offspring of this false assumption.
Hence, these men regard all ordinances of seces-
sion, made 111 the name of States, as valid, ab-
solving them from all allegiance to the General
Government; and they call every effort for the en-
forcement of the Federal laws the coercion of
sovereign States." It was just here that the late
President (Buchanan) gave so much "aid and
comfort" to the conspirators. In his message to
the last Congress, he denied, indeed, the right of
secession; but if a State should sccede there was
no remedy, because there was no power in the
Constitution 10 coerce a State. It is not the .State
that is m rebellion and deserving punishment, but
individuals who, acted upon by the laws of the
United States, forcibly resisted their execution,
and owing fealty to the Government, raised their
hands for its overthrow.
The propositions now pending in this House
and the Senate for the organization of territorial
governments over the seceded States, and which
the honorable gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bea-
man] so ably supported a few days since, in his
well-elaborated speech, contain tne germs of this
fallacious reasoning. It was not so intended by
the movers, but these propositions, when carried
to their logical results, recognize the right in a
State to secede. They assume that South Caro-
lina, for instance, is out of the Union, and as she
was not able to carry her territory with her, Con-
gress should organize a government over it. But
how did South Carolina get out of the Union?
Not by an ordinance of secession, because we all
agree that these ordinances were void, and hence
inoperative. Nor did she go out by the dissolu-
tion of a compact; for the ties which held her to
the central power are not light threads to be broken
at pleasure, but ligaments and fibers extending to
the very heart of the Government, giving life to
the body-politic, and whose functions can cease
only with the dying tremors of a general dissolu-
tion. South Carolina is still in the Union, and by
the blessing of God upon the efforts of the Union
Army, here she shall ever remain, with or without
her consent. A nation's insulted flag shall yet
wave over the battlements of Sumter. Her hordes
of traitors shall flee before the steady advance of
the soldiers of the Republic. The authority of
the General Government shall yet be restored in
spite of all the combinations which have been
formed to expel it, even if can be accomplished
only by the destruction of all the property and
the death of every traitor found in arms and op-
posing the restoration.
Other propositions, here and elsewhere, look to
acts of general emancipation of the slaves, not
only as one of the objects of the war, but as one
of the most efficient means for carrying it to a tri-
umphant issue. The authority to do this is found
by some in the false theory that States lose their
right to confer the power of holding men in ser-
vitude, through their local laws, in consequence of
their pretended acts of secession; and by others
in some vague notion, first set afloat by John
Ctuincy Adams, that the right exists as incident
to the war power of Congress, as if the powers
conferred upon Congress by the Constitution were,
in their nature and substance, elastic, expanding
and contracting as the exigencies and perils of the
hour seem to demand. I do not say that the right
of emancipating the slaves of rebels docs not exist.
It does exist, as incidental to the war power of
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
not by virtue of the Constitution, but according
to the recognized laws of war; and I observe, in
passing, that if I were the Commander-in-Chief,
I would strike from the rolls of the Army and
Navy the name of every officer who refused to
exercise thatpower wherever it could be exercised
for the benefit of the slave, and at the same time
weaken the strength of the rebel master. I look
through the Constitution of my country, and no-
where find any such power, express or implied,
vested in Congress. I dare not say that because
the power is not prohibited,it may be exercised;
for every intelligent man will see at once to what
consequenccs such a rule of interpretation would
lead us. The true rule was concisely stated by
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Tiiomas] in his unanswered, and, in my view,
unanswerable, argument, against the constitution-
ality of the legal-tender clause of the Treasury
note bill. He says:
11 Wc look, in any given case, to the Constitution to see
if the power is granted. We do not say that the power is
not denied, iuid therefore exists ; hut that it is not granted,
and theiefote does not exist."
But, in my judgment, Mr. Chairman, it is not
the duty of Congress to busy itself just now in
organizing territorial governments over the se-
ceded States, or in passing enactments of gen-
eral emancipation. It will be time enough for us
to consider and legislate upon these questions
when the subject-matter is under our control. We
have our hands quite full m discharging our ac-
knowledged constitutional obligations, m aiding
the Executive to suppiess the rebellion, and to
enforce the execution of the Federal laws, which,
as the President assured us in his fust proclama-
tion, and as we have reiterated here in every
variety of form, was the only object of the appeal
to arms.
This contest was not begun by us. It was forced
upon us. The long forbearance of the General
Government toward the rebels has no parallel in
the history of nations. Treason walked abroad
at mid-day in the streets of the Federal capital.
Cabinet ministers ran the race with Senators and
Representatives for precedence in perjury and
treachery; holding the seals of office, they used
their official position to destroy the Constitution
which they had sworn to support, and to over-
throw the Government which gave them their
daily bread. No trust was too sacred to be vio-
lated. All property which could be of use in
furtherance of their treasonable ends was stolen.
Arms, ammunition, forts, arsenals, navy-yards,
dock-yards, and ships were carried off without let
orhinderance,in the very presence of a paralyzed
Government; and, as if to fill to the brim the cup
of their wickedness, a peaceful vessel, freighted
with provisions for a starving garrison, was di-
verted from her errand of mercy by the cannon
of the insurgents; and, as if to make that cup over-
flow, the fort in Charleston harbor was invested
by the army of the conspirators, and the flag of the
nation was insulted, dishonored—made to trail in
the dust before their overwhelming legions.
Then, thank God, the reaction came. The Gov-
ernment and the people awoke from their strange
apathy. The blood kindled in patriotic veins.
The President's proclamation was issued, found
a quick response in all loyal hearts, and the con-
test, thus begun, has grown by degrees to such
gigantic proportions that the continent trembles
beneath the tiead of the soldiery, and the nations
hold their breath in astonishment and awe.
1 have said that the proclamation reveals to us
the real objects of the war. It also shows how
the Government proposes to resist these encroach-
ments upon the Federal authority. When the
news reached Washington that Fort Sumter was
bombarded, the President spoke to the country
as follows:
"Whereas the laws of the United States have been for
some time past and now are opposed, and the execution
theieofob^tiuetcd, in the States of South Carolina, Georgia,
Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, by
combinations too poweiful to be suppressed by the ordinary
eomse of judicial pioceedhigs, or by the powers vested m
the marshals by law:
'• Now, theietore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States, m virtue of the power in me vested by the
Constitution and the laws, have thought fit to call toitli,
and hereby do call forth, the militia of the several States oi
the Union, to tin; aggiesjatt: numbu ol seventy-five thou-
sand, in older to vuppic-s Mid combinations, and to cause
the laws to be duly executed.
" I appeal to alt loyal citizens to favor, facilitate, and aid
this eflort to maintain the honor, the integrity, and the ex-
istence o( our national Union and the pet potuity of popular
Government, and to redress wrongs aheadylong enough
end urcd.
" f deem it proper to«?ay that the first service assigned to
the forces hereby called forth will probably be to repossess
the forts, places, and pioperty which have been seized from
the Union ; and in eveiy event the utmost care will be ob-
served, consistently with the objects aforesaid, to avoid any
devastation, any destruction of or interference with prop-
erty, or any disturbance of peaceful citizens in any part of
the country.
" And I hereby command the persons composing the com-
binations al'oiesaid to disperse and retire peaceably to their
respective abodes witlun twenty days from this date."
He asks for sovcnty-fivc thousand of the militia
of the several States. What for? Not to coerce
States, but to put down " combinations of men
too powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings." Not to emanci-
pate slaves, but to repossess the Government of
its stolen property. Not to execute new arbi-
trary laws, but to enforce existing constitutional
old laws; and upon that true Republican platform
I stand to-day with the Administration,prepared
to go as far as the farthest to vote men, money,
and means for securing the threefold objects in-
dicated in the proclamation, and anxious to ad-
vance, as far as the Constitution will permit, in
punishing the authors of this most causeless re-
volt. As far as the Constitution will permit.
There is the limit. This war is only justifiable
because, submitting to all the requirements, and
assuming all the obligations which the Constitu-
tion imposes upon us, we have dcteimined that
all others shall submit to the requirements and
assume the obligations which it imposes upon
them. If wo go beyond this limit in any of the
departments of the Government, executive, legis-
lative, or judicial, even for the laudable object
of suppressing rebellion and punishing traitors,
we are guilty of the very transgressions of which
we complain in them, and arc making ourselves
justly obnoxious to the charge of waging a war
outside of the Constitution to reduce the South
