608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3.
no direct or indirect injury could result, and which
can be rented, I understand, for a very small sum.
The baking can be continued in a portion of these
ovens while another portion of them is being re-
moved and erected at another point.
Aside from this, injury has been caused by it
to the gravel walks and the stone work: the flag-
ging has been badly broken up; smoke and soot
covcr not only the library, but all the works of art
and of ornament in different parts of this building.
I have only to say that if a majority of the Senate
shall think that it is a proper appropriation of the
Capitol of the United States, the most costly and
expensive building upon the American contment,
to be converted into a smoke-house and a baRery,
1 shall acquiesce in such a decision.
The joint resolution was icpoUed to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
It was read the tirird time, and passed.
TIIE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senate to take up
the House bill abolishing the franking privilege.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky that we cannot get along with that
bill this morning; it is but now ten minutes of one
o'clock,and we have a special order fui that hour.
Mr. POWELL. I suppose it will not be the
subject of much debate.
Mr. FESSENDEiN" and others. Oh yes it will.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw the motion for the
present.
3. E. MARTIN.
Mr. BROWNING. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 109, for the relief of the lo<*al representa-
tives of J. E. Martin,deceased, a bill that has passed
the Senate without opposition on two former oc-
casions, but has been lost in the House of Repre-
sentatives for want of time to act upon it. It is
accompanied by a very short report, which ex-
plains the masons for presenting the bill and the
necessity foi us passage. 1 ask that it may be
taken up, and cither passed or lejected. If it is
to be acted on at all, we had buffer act on it now,
so that it may go to the House of Repiewentatives
in time to receive action there.
The motion was agreed to; and the hill (S. No.
109) for the relief of the legal icpresentatives of J.
E. Martin, deceased, was considered as in Com-
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the legal representatives of J.
E. Mai tin, deceased, late acting consul of the
United States at Lisbon, foi diplomatic service
rendeuid by him as charge d'.Ufatres at that plaee,
from the recall of Mr. Clay, 19th of July, 1^50,
to the arrival of Mr.} laddock, his successor, 15th
of J une, 18al, a petiod of ten months and twenty-
seven days, being one-half of the salary of a chaise
d'aflanes, and in full foi" all such service for the
period named, ^,01 "J J J.
Mr. COLLAiYlER. I ask fm the leading of (he
repou in that ease.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will i.e
icud.
The Secretai y i end tin* following report, sub-
mitted by Mi'. 1 jiio\vninu from the Committee on
Eoieign Relations, on the loth of January, 18G--:
It appear Tiom tlic memorial (hat on July 19, on
tin* i ot Ah J. Ji ('la\. ehnisio dMluiire* of I lie I Ii-uod
Slut'*-, at Lisbon, the aiWiive-; ni Uic legation wne placed
in ihe band-, of Mi. Mania, then ilm actmtr coiimiI of the
United Sailer rit that poi ?; that f :om that lime to Juno la,
lirOl, when Mi 15. Haddock, the Mi. Clav,
airived at bi-bon. the euliie dutie- and o-spoie-LiHiitir^ el
tlif legation rented upon Mr. Maitiu, <iad were peifoiinod
by him ; that dining that tune the fee* and < rnnhiments de
rived by Mi. Mat tin fr<wi the conciliate were ite-aHlic initio
pa> tin; cniientexper^esof the oiiiee ; and that he received
no compensation uhafevei let the additicud duties and
respon>i!nhtio devolved upon him hv having the chame oi
the legation.
The suuomont* of the meinoi ial of the legal le'irec.'jita-
tives nf Mr. Martin aic telly -u.-aauied 1 \- k-it'-r limn the
then Secretary of State, dated Febmaiy"^, j S5GS a-> to the
time during which the ailaus ot out legation .it l,i-bon je-
niained in Mi. Mai tin'a chains rtnd the | u-i e e of h i chuni
lor compensation 1-= MionnU- Ulsjed in a l.jtt"i iiotn Mi F?..d-
doekjtlien Unit'd States chaise d'alt'iues a! Li-bon, dated
Junuaiy itf, It->3.
Your committee leain that Mr Maitiu died at Li-bon,
Au>,ru-t liroO. ami thei eupon the iruatriiau of Ins thiee ot-
puan t }i tldien tilui Uie memoual in their bdiaif— this chum
being r!i"ii sole iiilsemnnrn. A bdl fui tin ii icltef v.asic-
jMrteii to the Senate at the first sr-Mon of tho Thmy-Fomth
Coufne^, (No. Vil.) again at the fit^t session ot the Tlmty-
l'ifih Con^rie^, (No. and ag.uu at the fust session of
the Tbirty-.Sath Congtess, (Yo. all of which lull*
were voted by the Senate. They were all m turiueported
on favorably to tile [fott-'c of 'Keptesentatms, without
amendment, but we/ * ihjVnji loaehcJ on the Calendar.
Regarding this case as being within the principle hereto-
fore established in the allowance of similar claims, the com-
mittee rcpoit a bill for the relief of the memorialists, and
recommend its pas&age.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
KENTUCKY AND TENNESSEE MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that all prior orders
be suspended for the purpose of taking up Senate
bill No. 179, for the construction of a military
railroad in the States of Kentucky and Tennessee,
and putting it on its passage at once.
Mr. HALE. Will that take up time ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not suppose it will take
any time at nil. If is merely directing the appoint-
ment of three commissioners, and authorizing
them to proceed to the construction of this road
from Kentucky to Tennessee.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear it read. I call for
the reading of (he bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is notyet
before the Senate. The question is whether the
Senate will take it up for consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that we are within three or four minutes of the
time assigned for the special order, and if he thinks
this bill will cause no debate, he is very much
mistaken.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 suppose there will be but
very little debate upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have not yet arrived at
the conclusion that I shall support it.
Mr. HALE. Is the bill before the Senate ?
The V1C13 PRESIDENT. No, sir; but the
question itf on the motion of the Senator from Ten-
nessee to take up the bill for consideration at the
present time.
The motion was not agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask the Senate to re-
lieve me from further service on the Committee
on the District of Columbia. I am on two other
committees, which take up a great deal of my
tune; and I think there are several Senators in the
Chamberwho are on no committees at all. "While
I am very much pleased with all the gentlemen on
that committee, still I am on so many committees
that it is very onerous to attend them all, and I
therefore make this motion to be excused from
further service on the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the vacancy be
filled by the Cluiir.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Hender-
son was appointed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
for this day, at one o'clock, is of an executive
chuKictei. The Sergennt-at-Arms will therefore
dt ar the >zallci ies and close the doois.
The Senate theicujion proceeded to the consid-
eration of execun\c bn.sinews; and after some time
spent theiejn, the doors were reopened, und the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Febmury 3, 1SG2.
The House mot at twelve o'clock?m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
MESSAGE KltOH THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution for the pay-
ment of the expenses of the joint committee of
Congress to inquire into the expenses of the war,
in which the concurrence of the House was asked.
SEVENTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT, VIRGINIA.
Ah*. UPTON. Mv. Speaker, I nse fo a ques-
tion of privilege. The Committee of Elections,
m the report which they have made on my case,
luuc fallen into an error of a grave character in
refeience to what the conductor of the election at
Bali's Cross Roads did say. The conductor of
that election and tho commissioners-arc within
easy access of this House. I ask that they may
be summoned before the committee, and I there-
fore move the adoption of the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be directed,
in the case of Charles H. Upton, to summon be for# tliein the
conductoi and one or more of the commissioners for hold-
ing the election at Bail's Cioss Roads, Alexandria county,
Virginia, on the 23d day of May last.
That resolution will involve little or no delay
in the decision of this matter. I consider the test-
imony T ask for as necessary for the fair consid-
eration of my case. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a remark ?
Mr. UPTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. Of course, the committee will
do whatever the House shall direct them to do;
but after the House shall have heard just what
has been done already in committee, they will be
better prepaied to vote on the gentleman's reso-
lution.
The gentleman's case was submitted to the com-
mittee m July last. The gentleman had several
hearings before the committee in July last, and if
he will allow me, after the remark he has made
about the Committee of Elections, I will say that
he has fallen into the grave error of supposing
that that committee would tell him beforehand
what it was necessary for him to prove. In pur-
suance of that belief he applied to the committee
on several occasions to know when they had
enough evidence. On both of those occasions the
committee told him that they felt it to be their duty
to say to him that they desired him to submit to
them everything that he wanted them to be pos-
sessed of. On one occasion he was advised by the
committee to put his case in the hands of some
lawyer. Pie went, however, before the commit-
tee m the way that suited him best. We heard
his case in July, as we supposed as long as he
wanted us. At this session his case took a new
form—a gentleman appeared contesting his seat.
Then the Committee of Elections drew up a form
of pleadings for those gentlemen, and they have
prescribed rules in conformity with the precedents
already adopted by the House, namely, that the
gentleman contesting his seat should file with him
a notice of the specification of the grounds upon
which the scat was contested, and that he should
answer it in a given numberof days; and further,
that both of these parties should have a given num-
ber of days to take the testimony that they desired.
In pursuance of that these gentlemen have gone
on in that way, as appears from the printed report.
I think that the House will say that it is a curios-
ify on both sides. The gentleman who introduced
this resolution took tho testimony of two of the
persons mentioned in that resolution.
Mr. UPTON. I want to say a word on that
very point, for I say that the committee has fallen
into a grave error as to what those men did say.
The House will see, therefore, what it is I am
driving at. The committee say that the conductor
in that testimony said that there were 109 votes
given for senator and delegate for the Legislature
of Vnginia. The conductor says no such thing;
and falling into that error they have discredited
the testimony which lie has given. What he said
was this, that there were 109 votes given on the
ordinance of secession—79 against it, and 30 for
it; but that there were only 51 votes given for sen-
ator and delegate. It was in that way that the
discrepancy occurred. I want the conductor and
one or moie of the commissioners of that election
to be summoned before the*committce to set the
matter right. I asked that at the last, I renew it
at this session. I do not inteipose this resolution
for any purpose of delay.
Mr. DAWES. I was about to lemark that
the gentleman took the depositions himself of the
very men he wants now to summon before the
Committee of Elections. The reason why he wants
them, he says, is because the committee have Allien
into a grave error as to what they testified to in
their depositions. Now, sir, their depositions are
printed. Every word that they state is before us.
if the committee have fallen into any error, then
the gentleman will have the chance of showing
that when his case comes before the House.
Mr. UPTON. It is palpable.
Mr. DAWES. My friend says that it is pal-
pable. That which is palpable c'an be taken hold
of. If it can be taken hold of, then the gentleman
can take hold of it in this House. I submit that
