1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Michigan and New York and Erie canais were
made, almost entirely overcome the embarrass-
ments of those treaty stipulations which prevent
the construction of vessels of war upon the lakes
ik time of peace. By summoning the gunboats of
the Mississippi through the one channel into Lake
Michigan, and those of the Atlantic through the
other into Lake Erie, we could soon place a force
upon these wateis sufficient to control them and
protect our commerce. But, sir, so long as these
improvements are deferred these great lakes aie
entirely within the control of Great Britain, and
the beautiful cities we have built upon their shores
are at her mercy. In less than thirty days ftom
the day that wai should be declared, Great Britain,
through the medium of her grand system of canals
around the St. Lawrence rapids and the falls of
Niagara, could plaice a fleet of gunboats in front
ofevery American port on the great chain of lakes,
while we, restricted by our treaty from building
any, with no fortifications on land and no accessi-
bility from the Atlantic or Mississippi, could offer
no successful resistance to their speedy reduction
and occupation. Of necessity, in the presentcom-
parative state of the defenses of the I.wo countries,
the first expeditions oTour army would be directed
against the Jocks of the canals on the St. Lawrence
and around Niagara falls; and at some point near
Ogdensburg, on the St. Lawrence, preparations
should be made at once for successfully resisting
the passage of British gunboats into Lake Ontario.
WANT OF NAVAL DEPOT FOR THE MANUFACTURE
OF VESSELS OF WAR ON THE LAKES.
Again: if we were desirous of constructing suit-
able vessels of war for our defense, for speedy ser-
vice on the lakes in time of war, what and where
are our conveniences for the purpose? During this
rebellion we have had comparatively little diffi-
culty, because there were rolling nulls and mute-
rial in abundance at almost every city on the Ohio
and upper Mississippi. This is not the case along
the lakes. We have no armories, arsenals, or
naval depots there. Iron of the best quality is to be
obtained at Lake Superior, but without the means
of manufacturing it no benefit could be derived
from it. Wooden vessels, which enabled us to
win the battle of Erie, would be of no avail now.
Sir, I repeat, no pai t of our country is so greatly
exposed, and so entirely destitute of defense to-
day, as our northern frontier. Yet gentlemen, in
the indulgence of that natural jealousy with which
commercial communities are apt to regard such
works of impi ovementas the enlaigement of these
canals, and who ylink that any benefit conferred
upon others is so much unjustly withheld from
themselves, have raised an unfortunate and, as I
think, unstatesmanhke opposition to these enter-
prises.
PROPOSED ENLARGEMENT OF NEW YORK AND ERIE
CANAL A NATIONAL WORK.
Mr. Chan man, I regard the enlargement of the
New York and Erie canal as a national work of
the greatest importance to the West. In a mili-
tai y point of view it is almost indispensable. As
a commercial channel it is of greater consequence
to the States west of it than to the State through
which it passes; for where a single barrel of ilour
01* pork, or a single bushel of grain, the product
of the State of New* Yoik, is transported upon it
to tide-water, at least fifteen from Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Michigan, and the West, find their way
to the city of New York through the same channel.
ADVANTAGES SECURED TO US IN TIME OF WAR BY
THE IMPROVEMENTS NOW IN CONTEMPLATION,
IF PROPERLY LOCATED.
But, sir, let me return once more to the point
from which I started. With the ability to make a
successful resistance against land attack by the
enemy, and the power to hold them in check at
Buffalo and Toledo, and our canals on both sides
of sufficient size to admit the passage of gunboats,
our ability to protect all intermediate points on the
southern shore of Lake Erie, and for waging
aggressive war, becomes at least equal to that of
our enemy Cast your eyes upon the map, and
see how easily we coukl pass with our ileet of gun-
boats from the Mississippi to Lake Michigan,
through the Straits of Mackinaw, down the Geor-
gian bay of Lake Huron into Canada, to Pene- •
tanguishene and Colhngwood, within ninety-six j
miles of the city of Toronto, on Lake Ontario, ;
over which distance we could make a successful j
invasion with a much smaller army than our en- i.
emy would require to invade us at any assailable
point on our frontier. Cutting them off from con-
certed land operations on their eastern and west-
ern borders, with their territory in ourpossession,
we should have but to destroy their locks in the
Welland canal to obtain complete control of all
military operations, both by water and land, west
of the St. Lawrence.
FORTS SHOULD BE CONSTRUCTED OF IRON.
Mr. Chairman, my own idea is that our forti-
fications, as well as our gunboats, should be con-
structed of iron. We have learned already that
stone and mortar furnish but feeble resistance to
the attacks of armor-clad vessels, while iron de-
fenses on land must, of necessity, be possessed
of greater power of resistance, even when built
with iron of the same thickness, to those on water.
Every practical man will know that a fort con-
structed of iron will be superior in strength and
powers of resistance to a gunboat built of the same
material. The shot that would perforate the one
plated with iron eight inches in thickness, with
little damage, would sink and entirely disable the
other. With iron fortifications at proper points
on the St. Lawrence, Niagara, Maumee, and our
northwestern frontier, and accessibility from the
lakes to the gunboats on the Atlantic and the Mis-
sissippi, the defense of our country on the north,
and the powerfoi us towage aggressive war there
would be complete.
I am happy, Mr. Chairman, in these opinions
which I have just expressed, to concur with the
brave and accomplished General Sigel, whose
practical military discrimination was so impressed
with the importance of Toledo and Buffalo as
strategic points, that, at the time of the Trent af-
fair, with that promptitude which has marked all
his military movements, he communicated his
views upon the subject to the Secretary of War.
MILITIA NAVY—GENERAL WALBRIDGE.
Mr. Chairman, as the discussion of this meas-
ure involves, to a greater or less extent, a consid-
eration of the various elements which enter into
our defensive operations, 1 suppose it is not im-
proper for me here to notice .such suggestions
and improvements as our present unhappy war
lias either occasioned or brought prominently be-
fore the public. The idea of a militia navy, ori-
ginating several years ago at the time of the tieaty
of Paris, with General Hiram Walbridge, and by
him at that time introduced to the public in a
speech in New Yoik city, which contains many
valuable suggestions, has been highly commended
by the honoiable chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee of the Senate; and if adopted by the Govern-
ment might prove highly advantageous for the
general service, in protecting our commcrce and
initiating our sailois into a knowledge of naval
warfare.
PROGRESS IN NAVAL AND MILITARY WARFARE.
Improvements in the means of defense are mul-
tiplying upon our hands as necessities determine
then practicability. Armor clad vessels have pro-
duced a revolution in naval warfare. How long
it may be before some ingenious fellow-country- (
man may pioduce an instrument by which even |
these posverful engines may be torn to atoms it is
impossible to conjecture; but the march of Amer-
ican invention bids us expect something of the
kind either by the time of or before the comple-
tion of the Monitors that are now on the stocks.
So lapid, so successful, so wonderful has been
the progress of invention, in death-dealing and
life-preserving contrivances,that, while we should
be surprised at nothing, we should, at the same
time, be very caieful in adopting any new forms
of defense, to keep our legislation m even paco
with the wonderful vigor and adaptability of the
American mind. What we build to-day, sir, may
be destroyed to-morrow. We may expend mil-
lions in improvements which the invention of a
genius yet undeveloped may render useless in an
hour, it sometimes occurs to me, when contem-
plating the victories of American genius and me-
chanical skill, that we had better trust every ex- j
igency to them, and repose, for our safety, with j
undiminished confidence in thetrTsdl and cunning ,
of our arfizans, in ventors, and mechanics, than to ;
the structures which we are,"by virtue of our ,
position here, enabled to build. Sir, I have learned ;
to confide in my fellow-countrymen as the most j
practical, the most ingenious, and the most ready I
people in the world. I was sfeown but yester-
day a'little missile of cast 'steel, but little larger
than a bullet, which, wheh fired'from one of our
old smooth-bore muskets, would, at forty paces,
perforate boiler iron of half an inch in thickness,
and the inventor of it assured me that a ball from
a twenty-four pounder, made upon a similar prin-
ciple, would sink any of the present iron-cflad
steamers in less than an hour. I cannot say that
I do not doubt it, but I will add, by way of Qual-
ification, that I am prepared to believe almost
anything.
IllON-CLAD VESSELS FOR THE LAKES.
With present lights for a guide, I may say, in
this connection, that I should have little or no
anxiety about our ability for successful defense
against the British navy which is now, or may
be in time of war, on the lakes, if such iron-clad
vessels were in commission there as the Govern-
ment has been urged, and urged in vain, to adopt,
until the success of the Monitor established their
practicability and superiority, and such as expe-
rience has so fully demonstrated to be necessary
for successfully resisting the attacks of improved «
vessels of war on all waters and m all harbors.
The best iron-clad steam war vessels should at
oncc be ordered by the Government at places
accessible to our northern lakes, where their con-
struction would not contravene the provisions of
our treaty with Great Britain. If such means of
defense are not adopted, fortifications and harbor
obstructions must be relied upon on the lakes as
our chief means of resistance in time of war.
HARBOR DEFENSES.
The recent attack of the rebel iron-clad steamer
Mcrrimac on our wooden vessels, and her five
hours' contest with the Monitor near Fortress
Monroe, demonstrates the necessity for other de-
fensive works to resist the passage of these mail-
clad vessels by our fortifications into our Atlantic
and lake ports. This branch of naval defense will
test the inventive powers of ouringenious fellow-
citizens still more, if possible, than the vessels
themselves. It is gratifying- to know that the
exigency no sooner occurs than American mind
suggests a remedy. Already, sir, has my atten-
tion been directed to a very simple but effective
invention, constructed in the form of a barrier and
made so that it can be sunk and securely moored
in any channel so as to defy the attempis at pas-
sage of the most formidable armor-proof frigate
or gunboat. It can with as much ease and ra-
pidity bo removed after the danger is over. This
valuable invention, the work of an accomplished
engineer of New York city, is called " Seweli's
barrier for harbor defenses." I am not informed
as to the expense attending its construction, but
gather from a careful survey of the diagrams, that
it will be very light when compared with its effi-
ciency, portability, and the expedition with which
it can be employed to meet any emergency. I
have seen nothing of the kind which 1 could so
cheerfully recommend to the Government, and I
hope if this is found upon trial to be what it prom-
ises m theory, that every sea-hoard and lake har-
bor will be at once supplied with it as an indis-
pensable measure of public defense.
Within the past week, one of my own constit-
uents, Addison Smith, Esq,, of Perry sburg, Ohio,
who is nowm this city, exhibited to me ihe model
of the most formidable engine of war 1 have ever
seen. It will, he assures me, discharge an iron
mass of two thousand pounds, with incredible ra-
pidity, a distance of ten miles. Before this won-
derful engine of war no iron-clad vessel could live
an hour if it can accomplish what its inventor
claims. A few blows from its massive missiles
would soon batter any war vessel to pieces, and
Quebec and Gibraltar would be mere playthings
in its range. The ingenuity and practicability of
the machinery for the rapid i evolution of the ves-
sel in the water, is not the least noticeable feature
in this important invention. For harbor defense, if
it prove half what its inventor claims, it has no
parallel in any of the discoveries I have yet exam-
ined. But I am digressing from the subject more
immediately before us, and will return.
PHYSICAL AND MANUFACTURING ADVANTAGES OF
TOLEDO.
Toledo, sir, by its position, at the western end
of Lake Erie, in that part of it which by its nu-
merous islands is measurably protected against
storms, within forty miles of the formidable Brit-
