112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 16,
SYtii Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation Bill—Mr. Poxoell.
Senate.
have mentioned. Persons detained by order of the Govern-
ment were to be dealt with in the «atnt  manner as those
auc>ted at tin; suit of puvate individuals; the pioceedings
Rf.iiu*t them were to be earned on uo otherwise than in a
public place; they were to bu tried by their peers, and have
ail the usual legal mean* of defense allowed to them, such
as calling of witness, peremptory challenge of juror?,'
&c. And can it be a^eited that while Untish subjects are
thus seeuicd against oppression in the worst oft imes, Amci-
iean ciu/en-. aie left at the mercy of the will ol an indi-
vidual; who may in cot tain cases, the necessity of which is
to be judged of hy hinvsclf, injiimo a supreme, overbearing,
unbounded power ? Tin; idea u  not only repugnant to the
principles of any free Government, but subveisive of the
veiy foundations of oui own.
<• Undei the Constitution and laws* of the United States,
the President has a right to call, or cau^e to be called into
the service oi the United States, even the whole militia of
any part of the Union, in case of invasion. Thispowet,
exercised hero hy Mis delegate, has placed all the citizens
subject to militia duty under inihtaty authoiity and m.li-
tary law. That ! conceive to be the extent of the martial
leuo, bevond which all is u-uirpation of power. In that
state of tiling the coin se of judicial piacceding* is certainly
much shacUled.lmt the judicial authonty e\i-ts, and ought
to be u\crci>ed whenever it piaeticablo. Even where
circumstances have made it nece.-sdiytoi-^u^pend the fntv-
ilcge ol the W'nt ol habeas corpus, and Mich Mi-pension has
been pronounced by the competent authority, their' n no
lo.ison why the adinmMraiion ot justice genciafly should
bo stopped. For, because the citizens aie depuved tem-
poral ily of the pintection of the iiibuuals as to the -afety
of their persons, it does by no means follow that they can-
not have recourse to them m all other cashes.
u The proclamation of the martial laio, therefore, cannot
have hadjany other effect than that of placing under mili-
tmy authority all the citizens subject to militia service. It
is in that sen-a; alone that the vague expiesslon of martial
law ought to be understood aiming us. To give it any
linger extent would bu trampling upon the Constitution
and laws ofoui country."
Chancellor Kent, when ho was chief justice
of New York, in the case of a habeas corpus for
the release of a man arrested by military uuthpi-
ity, (reported in 10 Johnson, 333,) said:
s< Nor can we hesitate in enforcing a due return to the
xvrlt when we recollect that in this country the laic knows
no superior; and that in England, hei courts have taught
us. by a series* of iiiMiuctions and example.-, to ox.u t the
inrietestobedioneeto whatever extent the persons to whom
the wut h directed may be clothed with power, or exalted
in lank.
" If ever a cave called for the mo-^i piompt interposition
oi'the eomt t<> onfoiee ohedieneeto in process,thi* is one.
A military eommandei is here attuning criinuuil jmi->die-
tion ovei a puvate citizen, hnldiughhn In close conlmo-
ineut, and contemning the < u-i! authority of the State."
In addition to these authorities I find the fol-
lowing note (o the e.nse in .'J Martin:
The doctrine, established in the first pan of the opinion
of thocouitin the above ease, N collaborated by the de-
cision of the district eomt of the. United States lot the
Louisiana district m the ease of United Slates rs. Jackson,
iu which the deteiidiiiit, having acted hi opposition to it,
was fined ,000. In Lam/St rase, Judge Hay, of South
Cntolina, iocngm/ed ihe definition of martial law given by
this court, evpre*sing himself thus:' rf by marital law is to
be understood that dreadlul system, the law of arms, which
in iormer turn's was e\e eised by the King of Hngluud and
his lieutenants when hit word was the law and his v-M Ike
power by which it was exercised, I have no hesitation in
saying that such a monstei could notexi^tm this land of
liberty and freedom. The political atmo-pheie ot America
would destroy it in embr>o. It was against such a tyran-
nical monster that we triumphed in mn revolutionaiy con-
flict. Our fathers sealed the conquest by then blood, and
their posterity will never permit it to tarnish our soil by its
unhallowed feet, or hauow up the feelings of our gallant
sons hy in ghastly appearance. All our civil institutions
forbid it; and the manly hearts of our eounttyiuen are
steeled against it. Hut if by this military code aie to be
undei-tood the rules and iemulations for the government of
our men in atms, when marshaled in d'-iVuse of oui coua-
Uv's lights and honoi.then I am bound to say there U
nothing unconstitutional in Mich a system.5" -Carroll's
Law Hepoiti, «'Md,
Now, sir, it is plum from the authorities I have
read, that the principle announced by Air. Adams,
under whose name the Senator from Mnasaehu-
setus takes shelter, has no place in the Constitu-
tion of yourcountry, as expounded by the courts.
I know it has been said by some persons that
General Jackson, when he exercised the powerof
declaring martial law at New Orleans, was sus-
tained by the {aw; but allow me to say to the .Sen-
ate that that act of (J-cneial Jackson has been de-
nounced in every form as unconstitutional. It was
so deciaied by the supreme court of Louisiunain
the case 1 have read; it was so declared by the
district oouit of the United States for the district
of Louisiana; and the same pimciple was declared
by Bay m South Carolina, and by Kent in New
York. Allow me to teil you that committees m
both Houses—a committee of the Senate and a
committee of the House of Representatives—de-
clared the same thin#. I will read a shortextract
from the report of the Judiciary Committee of the
lower House—a report made, I believe, by the
worthy and talented Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pear.ce,] then a member of the House of
Representatives:
« There is no martial law known to tlie laws of the Uni-
ted States but such as Congress has provided for the gov-
ernment of the Army. That other martial law, which
Geneiai Jackson claimed a right to establish, was never
acknowledged in our country, and has never been toletated
in England since the tune of William III, more than one
hundred and fifty vearssince, when, m the Declaration of
Right*. it was provided' that the pretended powerof sus-
pending laws, and the execution of laws by legal authot-
ity, without consent of Paihament, is lliwgal 5' and 1 that the
pretended power of dispensing with laws by legal author-
ity, as it hath been assumed and exercised of late, is ille-
gal.' These declarations were afterwauls, to make assur-
ance doubly sure, incoipornted in tlie Bill ot Rights. (Sec
l)e holme on the Constitution, Stephens's edition.) Hume,
in his History of England, (fifth vol ,454,) in stating the in-
=ti umcnts of power and oppression employed by theTudois
and the Stuarts, alter describing the terrible jurisdictions of
the court* of Star Chamber and iligh Commission, says:
' Hut maitinl law went bejond even these two courts, in a
piompt, aibmary, and violent method of decision. When-
eu'i theie was any insuriection or public du-ordei the etown
employed martial law; and it was during that time exer-
cised not only over the soldieis- but oi.cr ihe vhole. people.
Any one might be punished as a rebel, or an aulei and abet-
tor of lebollion, whom tlie provost marshal or lieutenant of
the county pleased to suspect.'
" It was this martial law which the Declaration of Rights
put to an end m England, and which it has reserved for a
countiy, where the people are the source of all power, to see
revived and enforced by a lepublieati general. This sort
of martial law has no fixed boundaries, no prescribed prin-
ciples. ' U is,5 say* BlaeUftone, (fir*t vol., 413,) s built on
no settled principles, but it is entirely arbitrary m its decis-
ions, and is, in truth, no law, but something indulged rather
than allowed as a law—a tempoiary excrescence bied out
of the distemper ot the State.'
" Lord Loughborough, in 179-2, (9 Henry Blaekstone, 90,)
declared that this vast, vamie, and most dangerous power
had no existence in England. ' It was contraiy to the con-
i-iitution, and had been foracentuiy totally exploded.' So
nie the authorities in our own country."
We find judges in England, and all their law-
writers, declaring there is no such power, yet it
is claimcd here, when the provisions in our Con-
stitution are certainly more explicit than those in
the Petition of Right or the Bill of Rights.
! dislike to trouble the Senate with decisions,
but the power claimed is so extraordinary, so sub-
versive of the Constitution and every principle of
civil liberty, that I should like to put the question
beyond dispute by the clearest and most indis-
putable authority. I will read one or two very
brief extracts from a debate in the Senate on re-
funding the fine imposed 011 General Jackson by
Judge Hall. Mr. Bayard said:
u Martial law is a code specially applicable to the Auny
and the Navy and militia when called into actual service,
and i?> a di him l code lot then government, liven in time
of war, the private citizen, the non-combatant, cannot be
Milijected to the code which governs those engaged in war-
late without a manifest violation of his civil rights."
Yotwefmd that this man, General Iialleck, sub-
jects to punishment those who are not in the rnil-
itaiy,and makes an assessment which in the very
order he says is not a military assessment, going
upon the theory announced by the Senator from
Massachusetts, that martial law overthrows the
whole civil law; that the Constitution and every-
thing goes with it; in the language of Mr. Adams,
in the speech from which 1 have just read," it is all
swept by the board." In that debate, on the re-
funding of General Jackson's fine, Mr. Buchanan
said:
"The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] had been
dlsehaiging Ins heavy artillery against nothing. He had not
even a target to ami at. Tt had never been contended 011
this floor that a military commander possessed the power,
under the Constitution of the United States, to declare mar-
tial law. No such piuicipie had ever been asseited on this
[the Democratic] side of the House. He had then expressly
declared (and the published icpott of the debate, which he
had recently examined, would justify him in this ossci tion)
that we did not contend, strictly speaking, that General
Jack-on had any constitutional light to declare martial law
at New Oilcans; but that, as tins exeicise of power was
ihe only means of saving the city from capture by the en-
emy, he stood amply justified betoiehiscountiy for the act.
We placed the argument notupon the ground of strict con-
stitutional ) igiit, but of such an overruling necessity as left
General Jackson 110 alternative between the establishment
of martial law 01 the saciifice of New Orleans to the rapine
and lust of the Biitibh soldieiy."
Mr. Berrien, who reported the bill from the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate, said in the
report:
^ " In the absence of any spocific instructions from the
Senate, and looking to the discussions which have led to
the leference of the bill, the committee have come to the
conclusion that they will best fulfill their duty to tlie Senate
by reporting it with an amendment, placing tlie restoration
of the fine imposed on Geneiai Jackson by Judge Hall on
grounds which do not involve any censure of either of the
parties in this bygone transaction, nor in any degree arraign
the conduct of the patriotic citizens of New Orleans; but
simply protect the Senate from the possible inference that,
in passing this bill, it hasacknowledged the legal authority
of a military oflicer to establish martial law within the
limit? of this fiee Republic. They accordingly report the
bill with an amendment."
I could give many other extracts, but I shall
forbear. 1 have certainly shown, by the highest
authority, that the assertion of Mr. Adams was
wholly unfounded, and I defy the Senator from
Massachusetts, who places the authority of his
statement under the shield of that name, to meet
the argument, to adduce the law, the decision of
the court, or to find the assertion of the power in
uny elementary writer of any note. I have shown
that the power does not exist from the elemen-
tary books, I have shown it from the decisions of
the courts, I have shown it from the reports of
committees of Congress, I have shown it from the
debates of Congress. I venture to assert that the
power will ever rest under the shade of the name
of John Ctuincy Adams. A great name, I admit,
but no more astounding heresy ever fell from the
lips of a great man, one utterly subversive of the
Constitution, and one that if carried out would
overthrow our liber ties and give to any commander
in time of war the right to proclaim martial law,
and substitute his own will for the Constitution
and the established law of the land.
On the point of its being sanctioned by the laws
of nations, I will read an extract from the able
and lucid pamphlet of Judge Nicholas, to which
I referred a moment ago. It disposes of that po-
sition of Mr. Adams in a more clear and lucid
manner than I could do were I to make the effort:
" As to Mr. Adams's other authoi ity, the laws of nations,
it is difficult to undeistand what bearing they can have upon
a question of lawful power within this Union. They may
define the l ights of the conqueior and the duties of the con-
quered ; but that is not what Mr. Adams means. He con-
templates an unsuccessful or undctei mined invasion mere-
ly, and says that ' an invaded country has ail its laws and
municipal institutions swept b> the board, and martial law
takes the place of them,' with an incidental power to botli
our own and the foieign commander to emancipate the
slaves. Eminent as Mr. Adams is as an authouty 011 the
law of nations, yet his opinion must surely yield to that of
the whole American people, as expressed m their Declara-
tion ot independence. This veiy mode of annoyance to-
wards an enemy by inciting a servile insurrection, is theie
denounced a=> contiary to ihe law of nations and the usages
ofcivili'/ed waii'are. It is ranked in atiocity with that other
infamous practice of the English Government, the allying
itself with the scalping knife and tomahawk. According
to the better opinion, then, any invading foreign commander,
who should issue such a proclamation as the one indicated
bv Mi. Adams, would thereby oast hiin elf and those under
ius command out ot the pale of the protection of the usages
of civilized waifare. Much lather, therefore, would any
commander of oius be consideied as absolving himself from
the pjoteetion of all law, by such a course, and subjecting
himself to hei ightfuily shot by any one who chose so to rid
the country of so infamous an incendiary.
<{ The American people have heretofore lived under the
fond delusion that they had the exclusive privilege of mak-
ing constitutions and laws lor themselves, and that the com-
bined will of all the nations of the eaith could not rightfully
add to or altei these laws in the smallest particular, so far
as they operate within our own territory. Nor do the laws
of nations themselves make any pietension to the power
asseited by Mr. Adams m their behalf. There is no piin-
ciplcof international law better set tied, probably none other
about which theie is less difference of opinion, than that
the laws of one nation cannot operate within the teiritory
of anothct; and, by consequence, neither can the combined
laws of two, three, or twenty nations, so operate within
the teiritory of another nation.
" There is a class of politicians in this country who have
long been su>-pected of iiaving no great love or admnation
of our republican institutions, viewing them as a useless
expei lment which must ultimately give way to monarchical
government, and therefoie as rather impatient for the ad-
vent of some bold, great man, sufficiently powerful to do
away with the idle trumpery of a Constitution, and relieve
11s from the trouble of governing ourselves. I must confess
it lias been heretofoie supposed that Mr. Adams did not
belongtothisschool of politicians. But it seems he goes a
great way beyond them. They were merely suspected of
sighmgtoradomestic usiuper. Heisforsubjectingoui Con-
stitution and laws to the mercy of a foioign invader also,
when he thinks it necessary, and to keep it up as long as
he thinks? it necessary; but for fear an Ametican com-
mander would never have the temeiity or iniquity to at-
tempt what he has in view, he claims that the power light-
fuliy belongs to a foreign invader also, having in his eye,
no doubt, an invader in paiticular, that never scrupled
about means, however infamous, in the attainment of ends
however iniquitous.
"If a foreign invader can strike dead, in the hands of
its owneis, $-100,000,000 worth of propeity by his mere pioc-
lamation, though he be defeated and driven from our ter-
litory the next day, it is by a most precarious tenure in-
deed that we hold all which Government was instituted to
piotect and guard. Foi Mr. Adams does* by no means limit
this power to a mere emancipation of slaves, but says it
sweeps the whole Constitution by the board, and substi-
tutes the invader's will in its place. He no doubt looks to
