2592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5.
ish post at Maiden, and sixty of Detroit, with a
bay and river in front of it to protect it against
immediate approach or attack from the lake, can-
not fail, if chosen as the place for the improve-
ments contemplated by these bills and others which
I have been consideiing, to make them valuable
0,s a means of defense, not only to herself, bat to
the entire lake-coast from Buffalo to Mackinaw,
while at the same time possessing all means of
internal communication by railroads and canals of
the most favored interior city of the West, Be-
sides her adaptability to a successful defense, she
is in the heart of the best timbered country north
of the tropics. Oak, elm, ash, hickory, and black
walnut, of the finest quality in the world for ves-
sel building, can be obtained in abundance for a
century to come from the foiest in sight of the city.
At a distance by rail of sixty miles a fine quality
of bituminous coal can bo obtained, in quantity
sufficient for all purposes of manufacture or the
propulsion of vessels, at the cheapest rates. The
iron from the Marquette and other mines on Lake
Superior, and the copper from the same region, can
be delivered as cheaply at Toledo as at any of
the fake ports. The city is within twenty hours'
sail of the immense salt basin of Saginaw bay and
river,and the fine mineral oil wells of PortSarnia.
The market, supplied from the large stock and
grain farms ofnorthwcsternOhio,southern Michi-
gan, northern Indiana, and central Illinois, is al-
ways abundantly supplied with the best of prod-
ucts, at the lowest rates. The water, poured from
a depth of from eighty to one hundred and fifty
feet m constant stream, from the best of artesian
wells, is pure, cold, soft, and healthy. The banks of
the river, sufficiently elevated for health and per-
fect drainage, are not too high for all the conven-
iences of extensive and active business; and the
arrangement of canal, railroads, and harbor with
respect to each other, render the business of ship-
ment and transhipment easy and rapid of perform-
ance, and much less expensive than at any other
port on the entire chain of lakes.
COMMERCE OF TOLEDO.
Toledo, sir, has but justcommcnccd her career
as a contestant with the great cities of the West
for superior advantages and growth. The sta-
tisticson this subject, collected by a careful hand,
show that no city has so well withstood the ca-
lamities of war and the depressing influences of
financial irregularity. A steady and remarkable
increase in the business of the place is apparent,
as for example: in the amount of breadstuff's re-
ceived by the various inland channels of trade,
and forwarded eastward—ch icily by lake—Toledo
stands next to Chicago. Counting flour in the
bushels, the receipts have been—
In 18."9  7,250,000
3 HBO 14.501.903
1861 17
With ample means of storage at Toledo, the re-
ceipts last year would have been greater by sev-
eral millions of bushels. A number ot immense
grain warehouses by railroad companies andijy
private enterprise are now in progiess of erection j
to anticipate the leceipts of the current year,
which promise greatly to excced those of the past
year.
The following table gives, in detail, the receipts
of flour and other breadstulfs, and the aggregate
of other leadingarticles received by railroads and
canals during the year 1SG1:
Flour  1,411,456 luinp]?,
YVlieat  6.173,000 bushels.
Corn    5,270,2.21 bu-hel>.
Other grain  79,H iO bushels
Folk  130.037 l)nuel>.
Bool*.  32..H3 bniieN.
Laid  3.?,05U b;u rel-.
Oil  2;,.000 hauels.
Whisky    159,tft>l> bairols.
Tobacco  7,0'H2 hotheads.
Tobacco (ca>es)  7GS tons.
Guiss t-eetl  2II .315 poumK
JVooi  1.147:831 pound*.
II   1,072.70 1 pound.-.
V"oUon  3,-130 bale<.
l)re#.-.od hog-5  8.816,383 pounds.
HlUla  ' U.SJJ
  180,080
  32,100
  4.522,130
   34,9115.038 feet.
  7,728,700
 13,891,915
 77,71G hoi
     158,059
The grain trade is but one of many branches
11 
tfheep 
.Staves 
Lumber 
Laths  
S)!in !fs 
Sundries  
Bait 
that contribute to the large amount of the com-
merce of Toledo. The annual statement of the
Daily Blade, giving the value of the exports and
imports of I860, is as follows:
Exports $46,7*27.754
Imports    52,243,626
Of this, less than thirteen millions consisted of
flour and grain.
MANUFACTURES OF TOLEDO.
Manufactures haveincreased more rapidly than
commerce and population, as the following table,
based on the United States census returns for
1850 and 18G0, will show:
1850. 1860.
Number of ostablishments employ-
ing Capital over ^.500  38 100
Capital invested  $08,200 $660,700
Value of materials used  $165,295 §997,889
Number of males employed  231 885
Numbei of females employed...... 32 223
Annual wasjes paid  $75,210 $*318,588
Value of annual pioducts  $304,525 $1,966,240
That this branch of industry is to receive a large
development in Toledo, may be reasonably anti-
cipated when we consider its water power, the
excellence of its position, climate, means of edu-
cation, cheap living, easy access to fuel, and fa-
cilities for gathering in the various raw materials
of a great variety of manufactures, and for distrib-
uting the completed fabrics over a wide extent of
territory.
ITS CLIMATE AND POPULATION.
The climatc of Toledo since the local causes of
sickness have been removed, is eminently health-
ful , as appears from the foilowingfigures, reported
officially by the cemetery keeper and city board
of education to the Common Council:
1859. 1860. 1861.
Population  12,800 13,c64 15,000
Deaths  280
Deaths per cent.... 2.29
Proportion  1 to 44.4
1859.
Enrolled scholars.. 1,938
Number of deaths.. 3
Death* pei cent.... 0.154
Proportion  1 to 649.35
283 '316
2 07 2.10
1 to 48.3 1 to 47.6
1860. 1*61.
2,2". 1
I
2,019
3
0.148 0
1 to 685.07 1 to 571.43
ITS CLAIMS COMPARATIVELY ILLUSTRATED.
These, Mr. Chan man, are a few of the statis-
tics of Toledo, selected almost at random from
her annual commcrcial exhibit. Sir, there is not
in the nation a city fuller of promise, nor one
which has fewer improvements for which to thank
the Government. The sum of all the expendi-
tures made by the Government is comprehended
in one small building, occupied as a post office and
custom-house. But, sir, I do not ask for these
improvements in her behalf because I think she
has been neglected or overlooked, though if proof
were wanting that such has been her misfortune,
fiom the day of her commencement to the pres-
ent, I should not have to go far for it. While for-
tifications, harbor improvements, and public build-
ings have been erected with a lavish hand m places
less ex posed, as, for exam pie, in Chaileston, South
Carolina, where over three million# of dollars
have been expended upon a post office and cus-
tom-house, yet incomplete, and millions more on
fortifications*, while, indeed, millions have been
squandered to erect forts,arsenals, and make coast
surveys all over the southern part of the Union,
in places where, from their location, they were
not needed, and have been used only to shelter
and piotect icbels.hcre is a western city and port
that in less than a quaiter of a century, unaided,
has grown from a wilderness to be second in com-
mercial importance to any city or port on our great
chain of lakes; and that, too, almost under the
guns of Great Britain. Yet this city pays heavier
tribute to both State and nation for its internal
and coastwise commerce than any other city of
equal size in the nation; and the volume of reve-
nue thus annually flowing from it, growing with
the cultivation ot the immense agricultural coun-
tiy that continually pours its wealth into its lap,
increases m greater annual proportion than that
yielded by any other port in the great West. The
increase of receipts in the single article of grain,
as 1 hn ve already shown, tor the past year, amount-
ing in the aggregate to 18,700,510 bushels, is a
gain of nearly thirty per cent, on tli£ receipts of
the same article in I860. The value <,f the im-
ports for the year last closed exceed §60,000,000,
and of the exports $50,000,000. Twenty millions
of this amount will cover the value of grain, the
remainder is for miscellaneous articles, as various
and as valuable as the diversified wants and prod-
ucts of the people who receive and transmit them
through this great commercial thoroughfare.
Sir, I have proceeded in this discussion upon
the presumption that the improvements contem-
plated by these bills will meet with no opposition
from any other quarter than, perhaps, from those
of my New England friends who regard Boston
as the hub of the universe,and Springfield armory
as of sufficient capacity to furnish arms to the
whole world; while all other improvements in the
way of gunboats, harbor obstructions, &c., can
be constructed as fast as they may be needed at
any of the little ports dotting the Atlantic coast
between Cape Cod and Casco bay.
I have, sir, no wish to disparage the claims of
any rival city, but let all be carefully examined. I
am willing for Toledo that she should be subjected
to the closest scrutiny, and abide the result; for I
feel perfectly confident that if her advantages arc
weighed at their true value, in case these improve-
ments are made at all, she must prove the fortu-
nate contestant for one, at least, if not for all of
them.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, there is but a
single provision in the bill under consideration to
which I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee. I certainly would not trespass on the pa-
tience of the committee if I were entirely relieved
from doubt as to the ptoper construction of the
bill. If I understand rightly what it contemplates,
it accords in every respect with my own judg-
ment as to the propriety of a bill which contem-
plates such vast imptovements, and involves not
only such large expenditures of money, but great
changes m the general plan of our fortifications.
The bill authorizes the appointment of aboard
of nine experts, seven of whom are to be taken
from the military and naval service of the Gov-
ernment, and two of them are to be professional
men, eminent for their scientific attainments. I
must confess that that is the only point in the bill
on which I entertain the least doubt. I should
have much preferred to see this duty devolved
upon a board of men selected exclusively from
the military and naval branches of the service,
and leave them to be the exclusive judges of what
is necessary and expedient in laying out and pro-
viding for the various fortifications. I would
much prefer that, to having added to the board
two gentlemen outside of those branches of the
service, though men of eminent scientific attain-
ments. The bill does not specify the character or
natureof the scientific attainments for which these
persons are to be eminent. They may be emi-
nent as members of the sanitary commission, or
of any other commission, more or less remotely
connected with the operations of the present war.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 have a certain theory
in reference to the subjects contemplated by this
bill, which would lead me to exclude from the
proposed board every peison who is not, by his
education and practice, an expei t either in military
or naval affairs. It is because I am thoroughly
satisfied in my own mind that this board, no mat-
ter' of how many it should consist, should be made
up entirely of military and naval experts, that I
call the attention of the committee to this matter.
I propose to offer an amendment to carry out that
view, if such an amendment be adopted, we shall
then be acting on that theory on which we ought
at all times to act when determining the locality
and projecting the erection of fortifications. I do
not know on what class of persons this bill pro-
poses to confer these functions under the designa-
tion of eminent scientific men.
Mr. EL AIR, of Missouri. As a matter of
couise, the bill contemplates the appointment of
personsof scientific or practical attainments. There
is a class of scientific men in this country who are
lepresented by Captain Ericsson, and who have
done probably as much during this war as any
other class to give us success in the way of our
defenses.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Chairman, I should en-
tirely accord with a suggestion like that made by
thechaii man of the Committee on Military Affairs
if I could be assured that gentlemen of such char-
acter and attainments as he refers to would make
up the complementof the board authorized by this
bill. I entirely concur in the general proposition
that the power of recommending, both as to the
necessity and expediency of national fortifications,
and everything contemplated by the bill, should
