1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11.
thought it proper to keep the integrity of the Union
prominent as the primary object oj the contest. No
one can refuse behef to this utterance. If the Pies-
ident stood on his more declaration, ins life b&s
been so marked by integrity that ail men yield
implicit faith to his words as the true index of his
heart. But the language truly characterizes his
conduct. It has not been attempted to show ^hat
he has notendeavored in every way to prevent the
struggle from degenerating into a violent and re-
morseless revolutionary struggle, and, as its first
great object, to maintain the integrity of the "Union.
But it is objected by some of those who aided
in his election that he has not in aid of this object
made the war upon the cause of the war, and de-
creed emancipation by an order as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy, as an effective
agency in suppressing the rebellion.
This measure might unquestionably be justified
if it were deemed necessary or expedient for the
purpose ofaccomplishing his object, and if it could
be shown that he knew this to be true, he might,
be arraigned for failing to use this means. But
when the record of his opinions is examined, itis
easy to understand that he does not consider the
measure, which is regarded as so omnipotent by a
portion of his friends, as likely to be effective for
the purpose, and I think it can be shown thathis
judgment is probably the most correct.
In his canvass for the Senate with Mr. Doug-
las, his views respecting the subject of slavery
were very fully developed, and though not speak-
ing with reference to the present aspect of affairs,
his position then led logically to Ins present atti-
tude, and shows a far deeper insight into the rela-
tions of the subject than any other man of the day
had then attained. In his declaration, that above
all things he desired " a separation of the black
and white races," he showed that he knew that
the excitement occasioned at the South by the
idea of emancipation was not due to the fears
of the loss of property it would occasion to those
holding slaves. His birth in a slave State, and sub-
sequent residence in Indiana and Illinois, among
a people a large proportion of whom also sprung
from the slave States and from the non-slavehold-
ers of the slave States, taught him that the greatest
repugnance to this measure was to be found among
men who had no such property interesi at stake,
lie knew, also, tlui! these men wens for the most
part, and the best part, aidently attached to (he
Union,and especially in those legions ofthe coun-
try where lmhtaiy operations would be difficult.
To superficial observers who believe that the re-
bellion grew out of slavery, and is, as tliey term
it, a slaveholders'rebel I ion, and when it is known
to be true that the non-slaveholdmg regions of the
South are for the Union, it is natural that it should
occur to them that the proper course to carry all
the non-slaveholders against the rebellion would
be to decree emancipation. But a closer scrutiny
demonstrates the contrary to be tiue; such a seiu-
tiny demonstrates that the nibellion originated
chiefly with the non-slaveholders lesident in the
strongholds of the institution, not springing, how-
ever, from any love of slavery, but from an antag-
onism of race and hostility to the idea of equality
with the blacks involved in simple emancipation.
This idea among non-slaveholders was natmally
of greater intensity in proportion to the number of
slaves about them, and its force in extinguishing
Union feeling diminished as we approach the high
and mountain legions wheie the slaves are few.
lively man acquainted with the facts knows
that it is fallacious to call this " a slaveholders'
rebellion." if such was the fact, two divisions of
our Army could have suppressed it without diffi-
culty; the negroes themselves could easily put
down the two hundred and fifty thousand slave-
holders; but it is a matter of history that the. slave-
holders, as a body, were the last and most leluc-
tantto join the rebellion. The lepresentative men
of that interest, like Badger of North Carolina,
Aiken of South Caioliua, and Alexandi r II. Ste-
phens of Georgia, struggled as long as there was
hope against the rebellion, and tor the oluious
reason that the entire interests of the slaveholders
were put in extreme jeopardy. It was the negro
question and not the slavery question which made
the rebellion—questions entiiely different and re-
quiring entirely different treatment; and it is as
neeessaiy to understand the distinction to enable
us to deal with it successfully, as it is that the
physician should know the disease which he is
called on to treat and to cure. If the rebellion was
made by two hundred and fifty thousand slave-
holders, for the sake of perpetuating slavery, then
it might be a complete remedy to extirpate the
institution; but if the rebellion has grown out of
the abhorrence of the non-slaveholders for eman-
cipation and amalgamation, and their dread of
" negro equality," how will their discontent be
cured by the very measure the mere apprehension
of whieh has driven them into rebellion ?
No wise man desires to increase the number of
enemies to the State within the hostile regions, or
divide its friends outside. Mr. Lincoln knew that
a decree of emancipation simply would certainly
have this effect. Such an act he knew was cal-
culated to make rebels of the whole of the non-
slaveholders of the South, and at the same time
to weaken the sympathy of a large number of the
working men ofthe North, who are not ready to
see their brethren in the South put on an equality
with manumitted negroes.
In accordance with this view ofthe subject, pro-
claimed before he was named for the Presidency,
he has acted since he has been President. To dis-
arm the jealousy of race, which he knew lay at
the bottom of the rebellion, he recommended in
hisfirstannual message that homes should be pro-
vided in some neighboring country for such ofthe
blacks as should be made free by the events of the
contest. But tins did not complete his view of
the subject. While aware that the chief cause of
the rebellion was the antagonism of race, stimu-
lated by the disappointed and defeated politicians,
who had made it the source of their powej over
the Government, he also saw that the progress of
events had affected and would still further affect
the class who had property interests in the sub-
ject. And while it was true that that class had
not originated the policy which culminated in the
rebellion, they were now involved in it, many of
them aptually engaged, and all, whether sym-
pathizing with it or not, having their property
staked 011 it, and therefoi e in danger of bei ng d rawn
into it. To do justice to those who were not en-
gaged in the rebellion, and to prevent them from
being drawn into it by their propei ty interest, and
invite their cooperation in ridding the country of
this distui bing element, he now proposes a meas-
ure of compensation for their interests.
If we were ealled to consider this pobcy, sim-
ply upon its teusonabh ness abstractly considered,
and were devising a ye,heme for tuture events, its
wisdom would be apparent to all practical men;
but it does not rest on such grounds. It is fully
vindicated by the condition of things by winch
| we are sunounded. The North is a unit, and the
South is di\ided 011 the question of the Union.
Could the gentlemen who aie advertising for a
policy for the Administration improve this con-
dition by a policy which would divide our friends
and unite the South? They imagine, indeed,that
by decreeing emancipation they could get more
efficient help from the negroes. If they could
show any reason for supposing that the negroes
would run away in any greater numbers than
they now do, under such a decree, there might be
some ground for debate; but there is not the
slightest reason for supposing this. All run away
now, 1 believe, who can get away. It is only
when our armies invade the slave regions that
they can get away, and it would still lequirethat
tile forts they aie compelled to build should be
taken by ourarmed mini. "VVe could notstrcngthen
ourselves at the North by this measureeeitainly;
we have abeady the whole force ot that region;
and we could not strengthen ourselves at the
South, for we cannot reach the slaves by sucli a
proclamation except by force, and we should add
to the force of tile free men to oppose us.
These considerations demonstrate that, in a
military calculation, the policy to which thePres-
ldent is invited byapoition of his original friends
! is en oneous.
j But many reject arithmetic in considering this
policy, and imagine that the inscription of eman-
cipation on oui banners would be'a talismailic
word which would carry victory with it. I doubt
whether any better conquering words could be in-
vented than those we now conquer by: the Union,
! the flag, the Government founded by Washington,
: maintained by Jackson; language which speaks
i to the hearts of our soldiers, and to the woild,of
j the nationality of the gieut Republic. I am for
1 the freedom of all races and creeds, and look for
the day to come, and that not far distant, when
the flag of the Union shall floatover no slave, and
our country shall be absolutely the land of the
free; but the battle now is for the country, and the
gallant men who day by day find a bloody wind-
ing sheet, give their lives for this cherished idea,
and not for the emancipation of the African race.
Havingconsidered the President's policy on the
subject of slaveiy as a military policy, let us view
it in its bearings on the extinction of the institu-
tion itself. A brief retrospect is necessary to its
comprehension in the present state of the ques-
tion. It is important, in the first place, to see
what was the essential issue in the last presiden-
tial election. I think that it was in effect, whether
the minority should govern by making use of the
passions connected with the institution of slavery.
I say the passions connected with the institution,
and not merely the passions connected with the
institution as property or the property interest;
and it is all-important to a successful treatment of
the subject that the distinction should be heeded.
It was not, as is sometimes supposed, a slavehold-
ers' rebellion in its origin, for it is matter of fact
that the party at the South to which slaveholders
as a class were attached was not the disunionist
party there.
The sensitiveness which enabled the leaders of
the Democratic party in the South at any time to
unite the South, by playing on the slavery chord,
was not in the property nerve. It was caused by
that morbid condition inseparable from the pres-
ence of diverse races in the same community.
To the people of the Union, however, it was not
so important how the result was produced, the
effect was to disfranchise them. The people had
no share in the Government. All power was vested
in the clique which dominated in the South. It
was to put down this dominion that the organiza-
tion which elected Mr. Lincoln was formed. It
was, therefore, against slavery as the governing
power of the country, that the Republican party
rose as a national party, and not to abolish slavery
as a local institution. This was not only avowed
in the platform of the party, but it is manifest that
whether the leaders of that party were sincere or
not, the people who gave them power were sin-
cere. We have but to consider their conduct to
see that they at least were sincere, and it is of no
moment to consider whether the leaders were so
or not. There is no mistaking their purpose in
the matter. This is demonstrated by their action
in relation to the compromise of 1850. The terms
of that compromise were not satisfactory to the
North. But as by common consent it was under-
stood to have settled all slavery questions, they
accepted it as a means of preventing slaveiy is-
sues, and thereby to put down slaveiy as a gov-
crnm" nower of the Federal Government. I hat
this is tiuc, is demonstrated by the fact that their
public men, who truly represented the public will,
in contesting the terms of the compromise were
not countenanced in attempting to disturb the
compromise, and lost their positions, and both
parties were obliged to proclaim adherence to it
in the contest of 1852. So strong was this feeling,
that the main reason for the success of the Dem-
ocrats in that contest was, that being the chief
authors of the compromise they were with reason
believed to be more friendly to it than their an-
tagonists.
1 had been a proviso man myself from the start,
and opposed the dominion of slavery, but believed
that General Pierce, who had been a close friend
of Silas Wright, would have sense and patriotism
enough to oppose any measure intended to make
the slavery cjuestion so as to enable the southern
clique to rule the nation. I was deceived, and the
country was deceived. The universal discontent
manifested at his bleach of faith to the nation in
the repeal of the Missouri compromise every one
icmembers; and if I refer to his unenviable posi-
tion now before the country, it is not in any Ull-
kindness of spirit, but for the purpose of vindi-
cating the public judgment upon great public
measures.
I know that some persons would explain the
acquiescence of the people in the compromise
measures of 1850, and their indignation at the re-
peal of the compromise measure of 1820, by as-
suming that the people were fickle and deficient
in judgment, thinking that those only were log-
ical and consistent who resisted both these meas-
ures, and who would have persisted in making
