THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1862.
New Series'. ....Ntf. 103'.*",■
be lodged in the hands of a board, the great ma-
jority of whose members are to be selected from
the naval and military service of the country.
Especially so when I look at the fourth section of
the bill and find that for some reason or other
there has been brought within the scope of the
labors and inquiries of the board the question of
the establishment of new national founderies and
new national armories.
You are aware, Mr. Chairman, and certainly
the committee ought to know by this time, that
one year ago there was appointed by this House
ti committee of nine to consider the subject of es-
tablishing a new national armory west of the Alle-
ghanies. No other section of the country came
into contemplation when that committee was first
raised. By a new resolution, however, the power
and scope of the inquiries of that committee were
extended to the subject of establishing national
founderies as well as national armories. The com-
mittee was organized; it proceeded with its labors;
it heard delegations that were sent here from all
quarters of the great Northwest and West—not
any delegation from the great down-East—in be-
half of any interest in that section of country.
Mr. MOOROEAD. If the gentleman will ex-
cuse me, I would like to ask him whether he docs
not recollect a committee headed by the Governor
of his awn State? '
Mr. DELANO. Not on any other subject than
the simple question of the foundery; and I am
coming to that. No delegation from the East was
heard on the subject of an armory.
Mr. MOOilHEAD, Not on the subject of arm-
ories, because, as Massachusetts has one, she does
not want another.
Mr. DELANO. I was proceeding to say, and
. I do say it without fear of contradiction, that the
committee spent day after day, and week after
week, in listening to the declarations of from five
to ten delegations from the great Northwest, and
as the result of their labors, they have compiled,
in a pamphlet of so me one hundred and fifty pages,
the substance of these very declamations. They
have given to Congress nothing more nor less
than what went to them through the spokesmen
of these various localities which were contestants
in the great Northwest for the coveted prize of an
armory.
That is the substance of the report we have had;
and the conclusion to which the majority of this
committee, a majority of eight out of nine, have
come is, to call upon this House to appoint a com-
mittee of citizens, not of experts, not of men con-
nected with the ordnance department, not of men
connected with the engineer department, not of
men connected with the Navy Department, not of
men who are experts in anything in particular,
but simply of citizens, and they are to go forward
and locate four ai mones and founderies in various
parts of the United States.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. DELANO. I have but five minutes of the
hour remaining.
Mr. MOORHEAD. My question will be very
brief. I would like to know whether there are
any persons connected with the ordnance or en-
gineer department who are not citizens of the
United States? If so, I would like to have them
removed.
Mr. DELANO. Perhaps not, sir; but if it was
the intention of the committee that this commis-
sion be experts, military ex perts or naval experts,
I beg to ask why they did not make themselves
so understood, when, with great care and caution,
they prepared a report recommending that this
whole matter of the location of new armories and
new founderies should be left m the hands of citi-
zens, rather than of leaving it, if they so intended,
in the hands of the.ordnance department or the
engineer department, or in any department of the
naval service ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will answer the ques-
tion. . , . .
Mr DELANO. I cannot yield for my time has
nearlv expired. I wish to say that I give m my
163
adhesion to this bill, because it does propose to
ignore that special committee's method of estab-
lishing military fortifications by leaving it to civil-
ians to log-roll with one section and another, and
because it does propose to leave the matter in the
hands of men who are military experts and naval
experts, a class of men who, by our published mil-
itary regulations, are made the judges, not only
of the proper location but of the proper manner of
constructing such works.
It is a leading and it seems-to me a most satis-
factory feature of this bill that it does notdeterm-
ine the fact that any fortifications are necessary,
but supposes only they may be, and proposes that
the War and Navy Departments shall, through
theirexperts,considerand settle thatquestion,and
if in the affirmative, to determine how these forti-
fications shall he constructed and where they shall
be located.
Now, sir, what I have said thus far, applies
generally to every system of fortifications pro-
posed by this bill; but inasmuch as I stood aione
m opposing the recommendations of the select
committee appointed to consider the subject of
armories arid founderies, I should like, if the time
allotted to me would permit, to comment at some
length, which I cannot now do, upon the proceed-
ings of that committee, and show to what extent
the proposition reported by the committee is open
to criticism, especially when compared with the
much morejustand properrecommendation which
is made by the Military Committee of the House.
It would be an easy matter to demonstrate in
relation to the establishment of a new foundery
and armory that there is at the present time but
one of those establishments necessary. It will
be also easy to demonstrate, and 1 think Jt is a
matter which demands the earliestattention of the
House, that the immediate establishment of a
new foundery is a most urgent necessity. That,
sir, clearly appears from the evidence of military
experts taken before the armory and foundery
committee. But at what point such a foundery
shall be located—whether East, West, North, or
South—1, for one, sir, do not care, nor oughtany
on this floor, provided that the experts of the ord-
nance and engineer departments themselves are
satisfied as to where the public interest and con-
venience demands the location.
Sir, as to the urgent need of a Government
foundery, from the day when we heard of theMer-
rimac commgoutof Norfork harbor with heriron
armor on we have known that there were but two
guns in the service which were equal to cope with
her at any time or in any place, that is, which
could penetrate her armor. We know that ex-
perts have told us, and that our militaiy and naval
authorities are agreed on the point, that it is only
by the immediate establishment of a national
foundery, where guns of the largest caliber may be
manufactured under the superintendence of ord-
nance exports, that we can hope to meet the ships
of war clad with this indestructable armor.
We have some of us, who have given attention
to this subject, confessed our convictions by the
alarm and nervousness we felt when we lately saw
our deficiency in this kind of armament. And,
sir, I am ready to vote to-day that this commis-
sion of nine shall proceed to determine the sue and
locality of this new foundery, and that they shall
proceed at the earliest possible moment to manu-
facture, under the sanction of the Government, the
guns which are necessary for this branch ot the
service; and I wish that the chairman of the Mili-
tary Committee had so framed his bill as to give
to the War Department, what I believe is the ex-
press desire of that Department to have, the means
of establishing at once tins branch of our ordnance
manufacture. I think it much the most important
pait of the bill, and whatever becomes of the rest
of the proposed system of fortifications, I trust that
a national foundery may be speedily provided roi.
As to another armory,! have no fear that the pro-
posed board of military experts will at present, at
least, recommend it, either west of the Aiiegna-
nies or anywhereelse. It cannot be demonstrated
to be necessary > because the armory already in
operation is adequate to theutmost probablede^
manda of the service.
Mr. STEVENS, i move to strike out the en-
acting clause of this bill; and in the five minjute^
to which 1 am, as I suppose, entitled, I wishtp
say that I look upon this bill as the largest, within
the same amount of paper, that I have ever read.
We have here appropriation bills of $500,000,090,
but they are nothing compared with this.
Mr. VALIiANDIGHAM, I rise to a question
of order. I understand that a motion to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I wish to-say,that
I have no desire to prevent the gentleman froni
Pennsylvania from making his speech; but the
point was pressed upon me the other day, and J
wish to see uniformity in the construction of the
rule.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman from Ohio is
discussing a motion which he says is not debata-
ble. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. For the purpose of enabling
me to say a single word upon this bill, I withdraw
the motion to strike out the enacting clause, and
move to strike out all after the word "needful,"
and insert in lieu the words u and report to Con-
gress," in the following section of the bill:
That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized ami required, at as eaily a day as may
be practicable alter the passage of this act, to convene a
board, to be called the hoard o"f fortifications, which shall
consist of two officers of the corps of engineers, oneofficei
of the ordnance department, one officer of artillery, two
officers of the Navy, two members selected by reason o£
their eminent scientific and practical attainments, and an
officer of the corps of engineers as secretary. It shall be
the duty of this board to examine and consider our system
of sea-coast and lake fortifications, with especial reference
to such changes as may be necessary or advisable bccause
of the muoduction of now elements of attack and defense,
to examine new devices for defense, and to test by„pxperi
meto Bueh points ui the construction of fortifications as it
may think needful. The board shall report to the President
for transmission to Confess its conclusions and results,
with such supporting information as may seem appropri-
ate. The board shall have power to examine persons and
call for papers and reports on the subject referred to it;
Provided, however. That the President of the United States
may, if m his judgment the exigencies of the country re-
quire it, order the work upon tlx; fortifications recommend-
ed by the commission to be commenced and prosecuted
without submitting the same to Congress.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this bill contains larger
powers with the eventual expenditure of a larger
amount of money than has ever been granted,
either by this, or any other legislative body. It
contains many subjects, and it seems to me that
every provision in regard to all of them is objec-
tionable.
In the first place, a board is to be appointed,
which is to recommend the construction of cer-
tain fortifications to the President, and the Presi-
dent, without ever submitting the matter at all to
Congress, may order them to be built or not, as
he chooses.
Of course, Mr. Chairman, it is not to be ex-
pected that I shall be able to refer to ail the sub-
ject-matters in this most comprehensive bill.
There is a provision that all the money which
has been appropriated by this Congress for the
construction of specified fortifications throughout
the United States, shall be withdrawn and be
appropriated according to the discretion of the
President of the United States. 1 submit to gen-
tlemen, whether they are willing that this pro-
vision shall be adopted, and this money be with-
drawn from the purposes for which it has already
been appropriated.
Another provision of the bill is that the States
may go on under the direction of this board, and
make whatever fortifications they please—they
can go on to an unlimited extent, and then call
upon the national Government for the payment
of alt their expenses, however enormous they may
be. Now, where is a thing like that going to end?
Where will Maine, where wiltPeunsylv^njastopj
1 think I know about Pennsylvania. 9he woul4
go to an expense of hundreds'of millions, for she
has a vast sche*ns of fortifvefttiona before 1 "" T '
