1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
eeuted which is against the sense of the people
of a community without the application of forco.
This*is illustrated by the fugitive slave law, which
has been held to be constitutional, and which is
acquiesced in by a very large majority of the peo-
ple of the North, and yet it has been evaded and
resisted, and its execution in almost every given
instance costs the Government more than the value
of the slave rendered up under it. This is because
the law is repugnant to the moral sense of a large
body of the northern people. How will you ex-
ecute a decree of emancipation which will set free
the slaves of the South upon the soil and among
a people the whole body of whom arc opposed to
it,and who have taken up arms in rebellion against
this very idea of negro equality? It can only he
done by the presence of an immense army, suffi-
cient to prevent the white race from reenslaving
the black, and by waging a constant war upon the
people of our race for the protection of the black
race. How long would it be endured by the north-
ern people that a war should be waged upon the
people of their own race at the South to make the
blacks their equals? I do not believe that any
party could retain power at the North upon such
an issue. We should not overlook another con-
sideration in dealing with this subject. Our armies
are composed of men, and men act alike under sim-
ilar circumstances. Northern men in the South
are not noted for any particular prejudice against
slavery, and the soldiers whom it will be neces-
sary to maintain at the South in order to secure
the freedom of the enfranchised slaves, may come
to look upon the matter in a different light, and
the result may be simply a change of masters for
the slaves. It is notorious that the contrabands
are now the servants of our soldiers.
We can make emancipation acceptable to the
whole mass of non-slaveholders at the South by
coupling it with the policy of colonization. The
very prejudice of race which now makes the non-
slaveholders give their aid to hold the slave in
bondage will then induce them to unite in a policy
which will rid them of the presence of the negroes;
and, as nine out of ten of the white people of the
South are non-slaveholders, and as*the right, of
suffrage is almost unlimited, it is easy to sue what
Will be the result.
It is objected, however, that we have no right
to remove the negroes from their own country
against their will. I do not believe that compul-
sory colonization is necessary to the ultimate suc-
cess of this plan; but neither do 1 regard it with
any abhorrence; on the contrary, 1 look upon it
as the greatest boon we can eonferupon this race,
greater by far than the i>iftof personal freedom in
a land in which they must forever remain in a con-
dition of social inferiority, among a people who
will treat thorn with every imaginable indignity.
Contrast this with the policy which will build
them up as a great nationality, in a country pe-
culiarly adapted to their physical organization, in
which their natural vigor and endurance make
them superior to all other races, and whose vege-
table and mineral wealth exceeds that of any other
portion of the world.
Events are now transpiring on this continent,
beyond the limits of our own country, which have
a bearing upon this question, almost as significant
as those which arc taking place upon our own soil.
The nations of Europe have seized upon the mo-
ment of ourgreat troubles to interfere in the affairs
of the feeble republics of the South, and to establish
thrones to be upheld by European policy and to
be subservient to the commercial power of Eu-
rope. The fact that the time of our own weak-
ness has been chosen for this attempt, is of itself
sufficient to prove to these American States that
heretofore the moral power of this Republic has
alone sustained them against European rapacity,
and its Effect has already been to restore to us the
good will which we had foifeited by the filibuster
schemes of the slavery governments which have
so long dominated this Republic.
With the end of this rebellion will return the
power and influence which will enable us to lib-
erate Mexico from her threatened dangers; will
return, also, in its fullness, the confidence mid
good will of that people, and of all her kindred
races of the Central and South American States.
They will all need the fostering care and kindness
of our Government to assist m oigunizipo* their
own strength and maintaining stable Govern-
ments. With the restoration of good feeling will
revive the commercial intercourse which once ex-
isted between these peopleand our own,and which
was lost to us when they became alienated by the
injustice and outrages of our late filibustering
rulers.
It is in this gorgeous region of the American
tropics that our freedmen will find their homes,
among a people without prejudice against their
color, and to whom they will carry and impart
new energy and vigor in return for the welcome
which will greet them,as the pledge of the future
protection and friendship of our great Republic.
I look with confidence to this movement as the
true and only solution of this question—a question
by which the life of the nation has been so often
put m peril—a movement by which two races of
men will be delivered from an unhappy conjunc-
tion, fatal to both, and by which two empires are
to be established to bless mankind by their benefi-
cent influences through all future time.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee rose informally,and the Speaker
having resumed the Chair, a message was received
from the President, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary,
informing the House that he had approved and
signed a joint resolution declaring that the United
States ought to cooperate with, affording pecuni-
ary aid to, any State which may adopt the gradual
abolishment of slavery; and a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to tust plans
and materials for rendering ships and floating
batteries invulnerable.
The committee lesumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the bill of the
Senate relating to
EMANCIPATION IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Chairman, there
is no affectation in my saying that 1 rise with re-
luctance and diffidence to address the House on
the question presented by this bill. I have almost
feared, sir, to speak upon any of the great ques-
tions which have been presented to this House
during the piesentsession—during, indeed, I may
say, the present Congress. They have been of a
character so momentous that 1 havedreadedeven
to give my poor counsels upon the subjects under
consideration. We require all the wisdom of the
country and all the temperance of the country to
guide, us safely. We are upon no summer sea,
sir. We are m the midst of the storm of war, our
country convulsed from one end to the other, and
the issue for a long time doubtful; no man could
tell what was leserved for us in the destiny of
nations. Il was enough to awe all men, and to
put all men upon the deepest sense of their respons-
ibility. I have felt it, sir, to an oppressive de-
gree. The situation was novel to me, novel to the
Congress of the United States; withoutaparallel,
perhaps, t might say, in the history of the whole
world. Where did rebellion ever assume such
gi£antic proportions as it has assumed hero ?
Where was there ever so much to be destroyed,
not merely in the material prosperity of thcaoun-
try, but iu institutions such us afforded the great-
est and the only promise to mankind of anygrent
amelioration of their condition? There cannot be
situations of more responsibility than those we
occupy or have occupied.
But, sir, I do not propose to expend my time
on these generalities. The immediate question
before us is the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia. That is the object proposed in the
bill under conssideiation. It has been a question
for u long time agitating the country. For the
first thirty or forty years of our existence as a
nation, the records of Congress bear no evidence
of any such motion ever having been made, of any
measure having ever been proposed for the aboli-
tion of slavery here, or to change the condition in
which the Government accepted and found it. It
was only, sir, when a new spirit sprung up in the
land, when a new agitation commenced for the
abolition of slavery generally, that this feeling
concentrated, iu some decree, upon the District of
Columbia, and ftom that time down to the pres-
ent, with an always persevering purpose, this
measure has been pressed. It has been rejected
time and again. It has been judged impolitic by
our predecessors, or beyond their power. For
one reason or another, Congress has always re-
fused to act upon the subject. These are the les-
sons of the past. In the earliest and purest and
best and palmiest days of the Republic no attempt
was ever made to pass such a measure; and for
the last twenty-five or thirty years it has been
presented only to be rejected. The Senate of the
United States has now given its sanction to the
measure, and it is before you for your final con-
sideration.
Mr. Chairman, I have lived long enough, per-
haps, to pay more than due attention to the past,
and to rely with more than due confidence upon
the lessons of the past. The experience of our
predecessors is against the wisdom of this meas-
ure; the experience of all our predecessors is
against it; all have determined against it. We
have had times of peace and times of war, but we
have had no time in Which the Congress of the
United States would approve of this measure. We
have actual experience and proof of that. Why
should we do it now? Is there anything particu-
larly auspicious to the.measure at this time? Is
there any particular advantage to be derived from
it at this particular moment, that now, at this
time, we should adopt the rejected of all the past?
What are the particular considerations and mo-
tives that induce it? Of all inauspicious times, it
seems to me, that this is the nlost inauspicious for
the measure which we are called upon to adopt.
We are not only engaged in this tremendous war,
now, I trust, coming to its end, but we are en-
gaged in a war founded upon the apprehension of
the people that it is the intention of Congress ulti-
mately to violate the constitutional rights of the
different States in adopting or rejecting slavery
as they please. It is that apprehension which
has kindled this war. No one will dispute that.
Whether it was the real motive with this or that
leader, or whether they had other and more trai-
torous views, it is not necessary to determine.
The masses of the people, so far as thuy were
influenced by any political consideiations, were, I
say, influenced to unite in this rebellion by the
apprehension of such an intention on the part of
Congress. I believed then, and I believe now,
that they are mistaken, and that the Congress of
the United States will not exercise any such un-
constitutional power over them. But that was
their apprehension. They arc now laboring un-
der that apprehension. Under that apprehension
they have fought with fury against us. Out of
that apprehension has been attempted to be de-
duced by the leaders of the rebellion every motive
to continued resistance and to evoilasting hostility
to iu. That is our condition now, and it is under
these circumstances that this bill is introduced,
and we are asked to pass it. What will be the
effect of it? Will it not, in the minds of the sus-
picious, and even of the unsuspicious, strengthen
an opinion that that is the purpose of Congress?
If it were entirely unconnected with any question
of slavery in the States, it might be of less im-
portance; but in principle and in character it is
connected with it, and it will be so considered,at
any rate by those in rebellion. It will be con-
sidered as an evidence of the general purpose and
intent of Congress. I do not say that you have
not the power; but would not that power be, at
such a time as this, most unwisely and indiscreetly
exercised. That is the point. Of all the times
when an attempt was ever made to carry this meas-
ure, is not this the most inauspicious ? Is it not a
time when the measure is most likely to produce
danger and mischief to the country at large ? So
it seems to me.
Mr. Chairman, when Congress received the ces-
sion of this territory, it was for the purpose of
making it the scat of the national Government.
Nothing else was contemplated. I ask every just
and candid gentleman to say to himself whether,
cither in the minds of the grantors or of the grantee
—of the States of Maryland and Virginia or of the
United States—there existed any idea, at the time
this territory was ceded, that Congress might ex-
ercise the power of abohtionizing it. No such
thought was in the mind of either party. The
grant was for a seat of Government. It was given
for that. You have enjoyed it for that. Thatwas
the faith in which the parties acted; and it would
be a violation of that faith to turn it to another pur-
pose, and particularly to a purpose supposed to be
hostile to the interests of the ceding States. By
abolishing slavery here, and by raising up a sys-
tem adverse to it, you form, out of these ten miles
square, a sort of city of refuge—a city where the
fugitiveslave is to come and find protection, where,
