1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
of the House to introduce a bill to provide for the
relief of honest but unfortunate debtors, and the
distribution of property among their creditors, by
the establishment of a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
coston's night signals.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Strat-
ton in the chair.)
The first bill in order upon the Calendar was
bill of the House No. 97, authorizing the pur-
chase, for the use of the Navy, of Coston's night
signals.
Mr. SEDGWICK. A bill from the Senate for
the same purpose passed the House earlier in the
session, and I move that this bill be laid aside, to
be reported to the House with the recommenda-
tion that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
enlistment oe minors.
The committee then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the next bill upon the Calendar, being
oill of the Housa.No. 151, in regard to the en-
Jistment of minors, and for other purposes.
Speeches upon the general politics of the coun-
try were made by Messrs. McPHERSON and
KNAPP. [Their speeches will be published in
the Appendix.]
At the expiration of Mr. Knapp's hour,
Mr. ROBINSON asked that, by unanimous
consent, he be allowed a few minutes to conclude
his speech.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, objected.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, 1 hope
that my friend will not be allowed to proceed.
He has already, ill a style bold, and by a logic
of speech severe, inflicted upon the gentlemen on
the other side of the House, a just and severe
castigation for the errors of their ways. I am a
Constitution-observing man. Our bill of rights
declares that "cruel and unusual punishment
shall not be imposed." I hope he will not be
allowed further time to thus violate this merciful
rule of civil and political rights.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I protest against
the gentleman from Kentucky getting up here to
strike down his own friend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, obtained the
floor, but yielded it to
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Colfax hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Stratton reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly bill of the House No. 97, authorizing the
purchase, for the use of the Navy, of Coston's
night signals, and had directed him to report the
same to the House, with the recommendation that
it be laid upon the table; also that the committee
had had under consideration bill of the House
No. 151, in regard to the enlistment of minors,
and for other purposes, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
On motion of Mr. STRATTON, bill No. 97
was laid upon the table.
missouri wak expenses.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to pay to the State of Mis-
souri the amount of money expended by said State
in arming and paying the troops employed in sup-
pressing an insurrection against the authority of
the United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to have printed a sub-
stitute which he designs to offer for bill of the
House No. 38, granting public lands to the sev-
eral States and Territories having agricultural col-
leges.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
finances.
Mr. VALL ANDIGIIAM entered a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House ordered
the printing of the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, this day received.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRILL, of
Vermont, (at five minutes after five o'clock, p.
m.,) the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 6, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to discontinue the
reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
capture of new orleans.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the 22d of May, the official reports and docu-
ments connected with the recent engagements on
the Mississippi river, which resulted in the cap-
ture of Forts Jackson and St. Philip and the city
of New Orleans, and the destruction of the rebel
flotilla.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that that communica-
tion, with the reports and documents, be printed.
The Senate has already ordered a number of
copies to be printed for the Navy Department;
but it may be necessary that an order should be
made for the printing of copies for the Senate,
and that motion, I presume, will go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to print
the ordinary number will not go to the Commit-
tee on Printing, but only a motion to print extra
numbers, if the Chair recollects rightly.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate has already or-
dered that three thousand copies of that report
be published for the use of the Navy Depart-
ment. It may be necessary to refer it to the
co iti rn i ttcc.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Printing, and the ordinary
number only will be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently said: A reso-
lution for the printing of the reports of the recent
naval engagement in the Mississippi near New
Orleans was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing undera misapprehension. The order to print
has already been adopted by the Senate. I there-
fore move that the Committee on Printing be
discharged from the further consideration of the
resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 3d instant, information in rela-
tion to the claim of G. E. Green, late register of
the land office at Vincennes, Indiana, and of the
postmaster at that place, for the custody of the
books and papers of the land office, kept by him
under direction of the Commissioner; which, on
motion of Mr. Wright, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 260) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1863, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and the. amendments
of the House to other amendments of the Senate
to the said bill; and,
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That tile Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
disagree to the amendments of the House to ether amend-
ments of the Senate thereto, and ask a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Otdercd, That a committee of conference on the partoi
the Senate he appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Wilkinson, Latham, and Nesmith.
APPROPRIATION FOR /OLDKTJEKRS' BOUNTY.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 413) making ftppyo*
priations for the payment of the bounty author-
ized by the sixth section of an act entitled" An
act to authorize the employment of volunteersto
aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public
propei ty," approved July 22,1861,and for other
purposes, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
.Ordered, That they be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolution^
of the Board of Councilmen and Board of Alder-
men of the city of New York, approved by the
Mayor thereof, praying the establishment of a mint
in that city; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of the cor-
porate authorities of Georgetown, District of Co-
lumbia, praying for an appropriation to aid thait
city in repairing its streets, and the roads leading
thereto; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Albert
Brown, by Zenas Clement, his attorney, praying
for an investigation of the contract made by him
with MajorMorris S. Miller, quartermaster of the
United States Army, for the manufacture and de-
livery of wagons, and that the said contract may
be fulfilled on the part of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BROWNING presented a paper in relation
to the repeal of the eleventh section of the judici-
ary act of 1789; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying that the name of Louis A.
Thomas, of the city of Dubuque, Iowa, may be
inserted in the Pacific railroad bill now pending
before Congress, as an additional commissioner;
which was referred to the committee on the Pa-
cific railroad.
He also presented a letter of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, recommending an ad-
ditional appropriation for the surveyor's office at
St.'Louis, Missouri; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
reports j?rom committees.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was recommitted the bill (S. No. 309)
for the relief of J. W. Nye, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Eugene
E. T. Smith, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Sarah
A. Ward, widow of Commander James II. Ward,
late of the United States Navy, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Louisa Kear-
ney, widow of the late Colonel James Kearney,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
claims of robert brent.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 195)
for the reciprocal extinguishment of certain claims
between the United States and the representatives
of Robert Brent, deceased, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to re-
port it back without amendment, and recommend
its passage.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that that bill be con-
sidered now. It is a short bill and makes no ap-
propriation whatever. It merely provides for the
extinguishment of the claim of the Government
against the estate of Robert Brent. It will give
rise to no debate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs the Solicitor of the Treasury
to discontinue and to cause to be entered satisfied
all suits and proceedings upon the claim of the
United States against the representatives of Rob-
ert Brent, late Paymaster General of the United
States Army, and against the representatives of
Robert Y. Brent, his executor; such discontinu-
