2596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
ance and acknowledgment of satisfaction to be in
full of all claims on the part of Robert Brent, or
His representatives in his right, against the United
States.
' The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
01' DISTRICT MARSHALS.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following resolution
which I desire to have read; and if there be no
objection I shall ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate how much of the $72,672 75, paid to
the marshals of the District of Columbia for the year end
liig the 30th of June, 1861, was for personal service, and
how much on other accounts.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I see by the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury that there was paid to Mr.
Lamon, who was appointed some time in March,
between that time and the 30th of June, $22,554
for services as marshal of the District of Colum-
bia, and for the residue of the year to Mr. Sel-
den, who preceded him, $50,118 70, making the
whole amount paid to the marshal of this District
by the Government, independent of what he re-
ceived from private sources, $72,000 and upwards
for a single year. The resolution simply inquires
how much has been paid for personal service and
how much on other accounts.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, to carry out
the idea of the Senator, he ought to insert the de-
tails of the. account. I should like to know what
is included in that large item.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I will add the words,
"and will also furnish the Senate with a detailed
statement of the accounts of the said marshals."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified if there be no objection.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
ARMING NEGltOKS.
Mr. POWELL. 1 submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That tin* Seciemiy of War be diieetcd to in-
foim the Senate if iVIajoi Genual Iluntei litis boon author-
ized by the War Depaitmont to muster a rpiriniontot negroes
or persons of African de&emn into tin* service of the Uiyted
Stales; it* a colonel and otiier officers have been appointed
over thoni j uls-o whothoi they have been furnished with
clothing, arms, and equipments at the expense of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr, WILKINSON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution lies over.
CONDITION OF ARIZONA.
Mr. SIMMONS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of War, if not incompati-
ble Willi the public interest*, be requested to communicate
to the Senate the present comliuon of afl'an* in Auzona,
and what amount of mihtaiy force is necessity for the pro-
tection of the interests of the United States in the Terri-
toiy and 011 the (jontiers of Mexico.
Mr. POWELL. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over, being objected to.
Mr. POWELL subsequently said: I objected
a moment ago to the consideration of the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Rhode Island.
I was labotingunderumisapprehension. I thought
it was ho that objected to the consideration of the
resolution I proposed, and I was merely acting
on the principle of reciprocity. As I have been
informed that it was not the Senator who made
the objection, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then i should like to have
the resolution considered now.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MILITARY GOVERNORS OF STATES.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask the action of the Senate upon itnow:
Whereas Edward Stanly, as>umhig to act under a letter
AT°°!h o befretsu> Wai, calling him military Governor of
Worth Carolina—a po^t unknown to the Constitution and
laws ot the union—has undertaken hv vnlue of such mili-
tary authority to surrender fugitive slaves, contrary to the
'"'fJ an act ot Congre^ recently adopted ;
also, to banish an American citizen, in violation of per oual
rights secured by the Constitution and also to close and
suppress schools, maintained by the chanty ol irood men
for Hie odueation 01 colored c-Iuldren, m deli,met of ev.*ry
principle ot moml* and rehg,™ a„d to the disc, edit ot our
national cnaiticter: Therefore,
1. Resolved, That the Promdent of the United States bo
requested to cancel the letter of the Secretary of War under
which Edvvaid Stanly now assumes to act.
2. Resolved, That anysuch letter assuming to create any
person military Governor of a State is without sanction in
the Constitution and laws, and that its effect is to subordi-
nate the civil to the military authority, contiary to the spirit
of our institutions and in derogation of the powers of Con-
gress, which, where a State government falls into the hands
of traitors, can be the only legitimate authority, except mar-
tial law.
Mr. CARLILE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it lies over.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
report of the Smithsonian Institution for 1861 be printed,
two thousand for the u-^e of the Smithsonian Institution,
and three thousand for the use of the Senate.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay}Ms Secretary,announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 5th instant, the following act:
An act (S. No. 184) to authorize the President
of the United States to appoint diplomatic repre-
sentatives to the republics of Hayti and Liberia
respectively.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had insisted upon its disagreement to'the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
260)makingappropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1863, insisted
upon by the Senate; and it had insisted upon its
amendments to other amendments of the Senate
to the said bill, disagreed to by the Senate; that it
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Thaddkus Stevens of
Pennsylvania, Mr. Cyrus Aldricii of Minnesota,
and Mr. Timothy G. Phelps of California, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 265) to in-
corporate the Mount Olivet Cemetery Company
in the District of Columbia.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the resolution fix-
ing the hour of meeting, which has been lying on
the table for some time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone all prior orders and
take up the resolution fixing the hour of meeting
of the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not propose to discuss
it. I merely desire to have a vote of the Senate
upon it. If they do not approve it, let it go.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall not act
on that at present.
Mr. LATHAM. I propose to fix it commen-
cing on Monday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think we shall
be able to do it on Monday. The resolution had
better lie for the present.
Mr. LATHAM. I thought when the tax bill
was through with, there would be no objection
to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I assure the Senator that
I shall myself, if nobody else does it, call it up at
the very earliest possible moment that I think it
can be fixed with safety.
Mr. LATHAM. Very well, sir. I will letit
lie for the present.
RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICE. I move to postpone all prior orders
with a view to take up the joint resolution in re-
gard to railroads in Minnesota, which was left as
the unfinished business of the morning hour yes-
terday. There was some objection raised by the
chairman ofthe committee the other day, or rather
a suggestion was made by him in regard to this
resolution which i had offered. Although I was
instructed by the committee to report it, it having
been agreed to unanimously by them, yet, after
consultation with them,m order to make the res-
olution mors full, eo as to cover the point on which
the chairman had some doubts, I am instructed
to offer a substitute for it, which I shall propose
if it is taken up, and then I suppose there will be
no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. No. 80) to authorize the
State of Minnesota to changethe route of certain
railroads therein named.
Mr. RICE. I now offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the original resolution:
Whereas by an act of Congress approved March 3,1857,
there was granted to the Territory of Minnesota lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Stillwater, via
St. Paul and St. Anthony, to a point between the foot of
Big Stone lake and the mouth of Sioux Wood river, with
a branch, via St. Cloud and Ciow Wing, to the navigabla
waters of the Red River of the North, the northern terminus
of which was fixed by the Legislature of said Territory al
St. Vincent; and whereas it is nowbelieved that the pub-
lic inteiests require a change of location of a part of said
braneh road: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Legislature of the State of Minnesota is hereby author-
ized to vacate said branch line at any point between St.
Cloud and St. Vincent, and relocate the same, starting at
any point between Stillwater and St. Vincent to the navi-
gable wateis of Lake Supoiior, and to locate and extend
an arm or track of said branch load from St. Cloud to any
point in the direction of the navigable waters of the lied
River of the North that may be selected by the Legislature
of «aid State, a nd to select, m lieu of land heretofore granted,
an equal amount of land upon the new line when located
in lieu of that the said State would have been entitled to
upon the line hereby authorized to be vacated, upon the
same terms and conditions as are prescribed in the act of
Mai eh 3,1857, referred to in the preamble of this resolution,
and no more: Provided, That no pan of said lands shall be
selected from any Indian reservation, or any reseivation
heretofore made for any public puiposes by the United
States.
Sec. 2. And be it farther resolved, That the sections and
parts ol sections of land which by such grant shall remain
to the United States, within six miles on each side of said
branch road and arm, shall not be sold for less than double
the minimum pi ice ofthe public lands when sold ; nor shall
any of said lands become subject to private entry until the
same shall have been first offered at public sale at the in-
creased price.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended; and the amendment was concurred in.
Thejointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
The title was amended,so as to read: "A joint
resolution authorizing the State of Minnesota to
change the line of certain branch railroads in said
State, and for other purposes."
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. STARK.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution that
J moved yesterday for the expulsion ofthe Sen-
ator from Oregon.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish merely to say that f
have no intention of pressing this motion after the
expiration of the morning hour. I believe, unless
the Senator from Oregon should wish to occupy
the time of the Senate, that it can be decided before
then. I think that with the report of the commit-
tee on our tables affirming his disloyalty, it is the
duty of the Senate to act promptly.
Ihe question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Foot, Giimes, Harlan,
Howe. Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Pomerov, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wilson'^Massachusetts,
and Wught,—1G.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Carlile,
Cowan, Davi-, Dixon, Fessendun, Foster, Hale, Hams,
Kennedy, Latham, McDougall, Nesnnth, Powell, Rice,
Saui&bmy, Simmons, Ten Eyck, and Willey—Ql.
So the motion was not agreed to.
CONVICTS IN DISTRICT PENITENTIARY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the joint resolution (S. No.
86) regulating the employment of the convicts in
the penitentiary of the District of Columbia, for
their improvement and benefit.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was read a second time and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Itdirects the warden
of the penitentiary of the District of Columbia, so
far as may be practicable, to employ the convicts
therein in the manufacture of shoes for the use of
the Army and Navy, to be made as the War and
Navy Departments shall direct; orders for which
