614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
the force of that. But on what point shall we be-
gin ? Maryland has fewer men in the field than
she is required to furnish under the law. She
has not her proportion of troops mustered in. If
there be a supernumerary force in the field, reduce
it by sending home troops from other portions of
the Union. But there is a reasonable propriety in
my proposition,notonlyfrom the fact thatMary-
land has not furnished her quota, but from the
very character of those troops. They know the
locality. They know the resident population.
They know who are loyal and who are disloyal.
They will know who are absconding slaves, and
will give them a free passage. I do not propose
that they shall arrest these slaves. I do not pro-
pose that they shall exercise any authoiity over
them which the Commander-in-Chief and the
President of the United States do not authorize.
Let me call the attention of the House to the
character of the location which these Maryland
troops are required to protect. They have to guard
the lines of the Baltimore and Ohio railioad, and
of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, which pass,
for forty miles, through a mountainous legion,
crossing the tributaries of the Potomac at right
angles. Theonehas numerousaqueducts,and the
other numerous viaducts, for the purpose of cross-
ing these streams. Is it not easy to perceive that
if you send your Army southward and leave these
lines of communication unguarded, the secession-
ists, small in nuirtber and in power, lurking in the
ravines in the neighborhood, may, with the ut-
most facility, approach any of these viaducts and
aqueducts, destroy them, and cut off the line of
communication between this and the valley of the
Mississippi? If there arc any troops which are
required above all others, they are those very men
whom I have been instrumental ill organizing.
They are volunteers, having no intention to em-
brace the military profession, and without any
hope of reward except that which grows out of a
spirit of patriotism as lofty and disinterested as
that which the gentleman from Illinois professes
to be actuated by. Having said this much about
the character of the troops and their peculiar adapt-
ation to the purpose for which they are organ-
ized, 1 throw myself 011 the indulgence of the
House, regretting that I lnxvo detained it so long
on the subject. 1 move the previous question, as
I promised the gentleman from Missouri to do.
Mr. HICKMAN. If the previous question be
seconded, will the question be first on the motion
to recede ?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to withdraw the previous question for
one moment.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I did not call
the previous question 011 my own motion, but in
conformity to illy promise to the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. EDWARDS. I hope the gentleman will
yield. I think thegentleman from Missouri would
give that indulgence.
Mr.THOMAS.ot'Maryland. I will very cheer-
fully do so with the permission of the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouu. I desire to say that I
would be very glad to accommodate the gentleman
from New Hampshire, but 1 understand from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
that he is very anxious to go into the Committee,
of tho Whole on the state of the Union upon the
Treasury note bill, and I do not feel at liberty to
give way further.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I wish to give notice
that whenever it is in order I will move to lay the
amendment of the Senate on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is 111 order at
any time.
Mr. EDWARDS. I make it now.
Mr. WICKLIFFTC. Does that carry the bill
with it?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. I shall not vote with the
gentleman then.
Mr. EDWARDS askedfortellers on the motion.
Tellers were not oidered.
The question was taken;and the House refused
to lay the amendment on the table.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was seconded—yeas 74,
nays 29; and the main question ordered to be put.
The question then being on the motion that the
House recede from its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate,
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.-
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to ask a
question for information. If the affirmative ofthis
question carries, then I understand the House re-
cedes from its disagreement, and the amendment
is concurred in. Am I correct?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. But if the House
votes in the negative, then the amendment may
go to a committee of conference between the two
Houses?
The SPEAKER. The question is, in sub-
stance, on concurring in the Senate's amendment,
which is the equivalent of the motion that the
House recede.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssr&. Aldnch, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Baker, JSa.uei, Beaman, Bingham, Sam-
uel S. 13km, Blake, Campbell, Chainberlin, Clark, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conkling, ltoscoe Conkling, Coiwvay, Cutler,
Davis, Dawes, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fcnton,
Fcssenden, Franchot, Frank, Gooeli, llanchett, Hickman,
Hooper, Ilutchins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kelloss,
Lansing, Lovcjoy, MeKean, Mitchell, Anson P. Moirtll,
i'atton, l'lkc, Potneioy, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins,
Hatgent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sherman, Sloan, Stevens,
Tiowbudgo, Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Van Wyck, Ver-
ree, Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, Wheelei, Albert
S. White, Wilson, and Windom—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Biddlc,
Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, (it-orge II. Browne, Wil-
liam O. Brown, Buflmton, Burn ham, Calve!?, Cobb, Corn-
ing, Cox, Cravens Crisfield, Delano, Delaplame, Diven,
Punlap, I)unn, JOnglrb, Fouke, Goodwin,Giangei, Gridcr,
llaight, Hale, Hall, Harding, IJoInidn, Hoiton, Johnson,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Lcaiy, Lelim.uT, Loomis, iMelvnight,
McPheison, Malloiy, Mayndid, Men/aes, Moms, Nixon,
Noble, Nofll,Nroj ton,Nugen,OdelI, Olin, Pendleton, Pcriy,
Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Price, Alexander fi.Rice, Ilieii-
aidson, lliddle,Ilobirison, James S. Rollins, Sheffield, Shel-
laharger, Sluel, SpauUUug, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Ttain, Trimble, Upton, Vallandigham, Voorliees, Wads-
uuilh, ]•' P. Walton, Ward, Webster, Whaloy, Chilton A.
White, Wicklifio, Woodiutf', and Wught—86."
So the House refused to recede from its disa-
greement to the Senate's amendment.
During the call of the roll—
Mr. JOHNSONsaid hiscoIloague,Mr.CoorER,
was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that Mr.
Smith was still indisposed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the House refused to recede;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion that the
House insist on its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate, and ask a committee of con-
ference. *
Mr. 1UNGTTAM. Has tho previous question
exhausted itself?
TheSPEAKER. Ithasnof. It is still operating.
The motion was agreed to. ^
MISSOURI UAILROAPS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business in
order was the consideration of the joint resolution
reported on Friday last by the special committee
on Government contracts in relation to ccrtain
railroads in Missouii, upon which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. JIolman] was entitled to the
lloor.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
allow us now to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the Treasury note
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask what would
be the effect upon this bill of passing it over in-
formally ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up to-morrow
as unfinished business. •
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield, then, to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
THE NEGRO QUESTION.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to give way to
me for the purpose of presenting a piayer from
four yards of petitioners, from Brunswick, in the
State of Maine, beseeching this House " to drop
the negro question, and attend to the business of
the country."
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman can present
it under the rule.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Yes, Mr. Speaker, but
I can also present it in this form, if the House
will consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object. _
The SPEAKER. There is an objection, and
the gentleman cannot therefore present the petition
except under the rule.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Yes, I see an object over
yonder. I will present it under the rule.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules,
and go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the purpose of considering
the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state ofthe Union, (Mr. Mal-
LORyin the chair,)and resumed the consideration,
as a special order, of the bill of the House (No.
240) to authorize the issue of United States notes,
and for the redemption or funding thereof, and for
funding the floating debt of the United States; the
question being upon the amendment submitted by
Mr. Vallandigham. -
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill being a
special order, debate must be confined to the sub-
ject under consideration.
_ Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I submit at this
time the following modification of my amendment,
for the purpose of having it printed in the pro-
ceedings of the House, so that gentlemen may
examine it. I submit it as a substitute for the
bill:
That to meet the necessities of the Treasury ofthe Uni-
ted .States, and to piovidea currency receivable for the pub-
he dues, the Secretary of the Treasury, with the approba-
tion ot the i'residentof the United States, is hereby author-
ized to issue, on the faith of the United States, Treasury
notes m any amount not exceeding $150,000,000, not beai-
ing interest, transferable by delivery, and of such denomi-
nations as he maj deem expedient, not greater than $1,000,
noi les-* than live dollars each: Provided, however, That
,«?o0,000,000 of said notes shall be in lieu ot the demand
Tieasuiy note* authorized to be issued by the act oi July
17, 1861; which said demand note", so far as if-sucd, shall
be taken up as rapidly as piaeticable, and the note-* herein
provided for substituted for ttiem, and no more of said de-
mand notes shall be issued or reissued after the passage of
this act: And provided further, That tho amount of the two
kinds of notes together shall at no time exceed the sum of
$130,000,000; and tho Treasury notes heiem authorized
shall be receivable m payment of all taxes, duties, imposts,
excise", debts, and demands of eveiy kind due to the Uni-
ted States, and may be paid out, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Tieasuiy, by any disbursing officer ot the
United States to any creditorof the United States who will
consent to receive the same, at the par value thereof, in dis-
charge of the debt or claim of such creditor; and any holder
thereof depositing any sum not less than $100, oi some mul-
tiple of one bundled, with the Treasurer ofthe United
States, or either of the Assistant Treasurers, or eithei of the
designated depositaries at Cincinnati or Baltimore, shall re-
ceive in exchange therefor duplicate certificates ol deposit,
one of which may be tiansmitted to the Secretaiy of the
Treasuiy, who shall thereupon issue to the holdei an equal
amount ot bonds of the United States, coupon or rcgisteied,
as may by said holder be desired, bearing mtei est at the j ate
of six per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually, and
redeemable atthe pleasure ot the United States after twenty
years from the date thereof; and any holder of said notes,
being a citizen or subjcct and resident of any foreign conn
try, depositing, as aforesaid, any sum therein not less than
$2,500, shall, if he demand it, receive similar bonds at the
above-named rate of interest, payable semi-annuallv, the
principal and interest of which shall be expressed m the
euiieneyof any loreign countiy, and payable there. And
said United Slates Ti casury notes shall be received thesame
as coin, at their par value, m the sale or negotiation of any
bonds that may be hereafter sold or negotiated by the Sec-
retaiy of the Treasury, with the approbation ot the Pres-
ident of thf United States, to any person being a citizen and
resident of the United States, arid may be reissued fiom time
to time, as the exigencies of the public interests s-liali ie-
quire : Provided, however, That this right to iclssuc shall
not continue longer than two years from the passage of this
act, unless Congress shall hereattei otherwise provide.
Sec, 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the loim ot said
Treasury notes shall be a? follows: "The United Starry
will receive this Treasuiy note in payment of all taxes, du
ties, imposts, excises, debts, and demands of every kind due
to the United States, to the value of five dollais," or what-
ever sum or denomination maybe expressed thereon, a-*
hereinbefore provided for.
Sec. 3. Jhid be it further enacted, That to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to fund the iloati ng debt of the United
States, he is hereby authorized, with the approbation ot the
Piesidentof the United States, to issue on the ciedit of the
United States, coupon bonds, or rcgisteied bonds, to an
amountnot excccding$200,000,000, ledeemahlf atthe pleas-
uie of the United States after twenty vears from date, and
bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, paya-
ble semi-annually. And said bonds shall be of such denom-
