m
APPENDIX TO: THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
37th Cons....2d >Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Cutler.
Ho.; of Reps.
son, of Virginia, on the 19th of August, 1850, in
the Senate, said:
" Then again tt Is. proposed, as part of the proof to be ad-
duced at the hearing surer tile fugitive has been recaptured,
tliat evidence stiai I be brouglrt by the claimant to show that
slavery is established in the State from which the fugitive
absconded. Now tills very thing, in a recent case in the
city of New York, was required by one of the judges of
that State, which case attracted the attention of the author-
ities of Maryland, and against which tiiey protested, be-
cause of tlie'indigiuties heaped on their citizens and the
losses sustained in that city. In that ease the judge of the
State court required pi oof that slavery was established in
Miuytaiid, and went so far a= to say that the only mode of
proving it was by reference to me statute-book. Such proof
is retailed in the Senator's amendment; and if lie means
by tins that pi oof shall be brought that slavery is established
by existing laws, it is impossible to comply with the requi-
sition, lor no such proof can be produced, I apprehend, in
auy of the slave States. I am not aware that there is a
single State in winch the institution is established by posi-
tive law."
We are thus brought'to the consideration of
the minor proposition that slavery is a public
enemy. It is evident that the main controversy
must turn upon the truth of this proposition, for
if its enmity were quite apparent, if it stood in
the sume attitude of hostility as the southern con-
federacy now stands, the unanimous voice of the
people, which now demands the unconditional
downfall of that combination, would demand in
like manner the extinction of slavery. It is my
object to show that it is thus hostile, and that this
rebellion is simply slavery in arms against the
Constitution.
Let lis for tt moment look at its past footprints
upou this continent, and inquire into its true ori-
gin, aims, mid results. More than two hundred
years ago a vessel landed upon the shores of tills
wilderness continent, freighted with an idea. True,
there was material property and men on board
that vessel; but they have all perished with the
rubbish of the past, But the idea came for con-
quest and dominion, and it still lives. That idea
had long held sway over Europe, and determined
the fate of its people. The idea was simply that
the few had a right to comrol the many, and to
appropriate for their own benefit the fruits of the
iauQier'a toil. Then it was called feudalism, its
victims villicns; its home was in'the mountain
crags; its business, war; its wealth, spoils; its
pleasant places, the desolations of industry; its
law, the will of a chieftain; its prey, the people;
its history, the dark ages of Kuropc.
Tliooigiinizfttum of regular Governments under
monarchies dislodged feudalism from its mount-
ain tiiattienaua ami strmigh<dds,atKl compromised
with its leaders by offers of position at com l; but
the idea itself was never dislodged from the heart
of the gentry of Europe. Driven from its first
possessions,it sought other devils more malignant
than itself, and started its fortunes in the newly
mvept and garnished continent of America. 1
need not trace the development of the feudal or
despotic idea into the full grown system of sla-
very as it now exists. In its new form it is seven
times worse than before. It was despotism then,
it is despotism now. lu Europe it succumbed and
gradually vanished before the pale starlight of the
monarchies. But while heaven and earth rejoiced
over its downfall there, it cunningly steals half a
continent here, anil bids defiance to God and man,
under the Constitution of the United States. But
the day of its judgment lias come. The cry of
the poor has reached the cm- of their Almighty
friend, and that system, which has hitherto eluded
retribution, must stand the scrutiny of mankind,
and be judged by its deeds.
Let us examine some of the directantagonisms
between the system and the objects for which the
Constitution was formed. As an illustration how
enlircJy it defeats the first object named—that is,
"justice"—I need not spend time in arguing that
slavery is contrary to natural justice. That point
is so universally conceded that it may be assumed
as an axiom. The authors of the Constitution
decided that "justice " should be one of the ob-
jects to be cared for and promoted by that instru-
ment, As it is not limited in terms to any partic-
ular class of persons, it is fair to presume that it
was intended to reach all who are to be affected
by the administration of justice.
It is not necessary for the purpose of my argu-
ment to extend the inquiry as to how far every in-
habitant of a country may demand justice at the
hands of a sovereignty formed by the people for
the avowed purpose of establishing justice—or to
throw upon the General Government responsibil-
ities in this regard which belong to State Govern-
ments. But 1 do desire to enter a modest but
firm protest against the popular view of this ques-
tion taken by all parties, which contemptuously
and scornfully ignores all right of the slave to jus-
tice in his personal relations, and without desir-
ing to take a hyper-religious view of the subject,
or press Christian ethics improperly into the con-
troversy, I do claim that when God in His prov-
idence locates beings formed m His own image
within the territorial limits of a sovereignty, pro-
fessedly based upon justice, there is an obligation
somewhere to give heed to His claims m this re-
gard. He has pledged the honor and strength of
His government in behalf of the oppressed. Hence
it is that " whoever oppresseth the poor reproach-
etli Ins Maker." And I venture to say that the'
Almighty has this day u contioversy with this
nation because the rights of the poor have been
peisiytently ignotod and natural justice denied to
them. Now, we may say that a denial of justice
to the slave can work no harm to us, because the
slave is too weak to vindicate his rights. But
the constitutional guardians of a nation's sover-
eignty cannot afford to enter the lists against such
an adversary as we do encounter when we oppress
the poor and vex the needy. It may seem easy
to stop the mouth of the dumb and turnaway the
poor and friendless from his right, but their Re-
deemer is mighty, and no wise counselor of the
nfttion's safety will attempt to thwart His purposes
or refuse to cooperate in His plans when He rises
m the majesty of His power to vindicate the rights
of the poor.
If it shall appear that the power of the sover-
eignty can be rightfully exercised, duectly to
carry out the objects of its being, or if this system
of crying injustice has made itself obnoxious to
interference by this and other delinquencies, and
in consequence of outrages upon the nation's life
and welfare—permitted by Providence, perhaps,
for this very end—there, I say, our responsibility
begins. Let us give a moment's heed to His
warnings; see what estimate He places upon the
rights of the poor, and the pledges He has given
to vindicate their cause:
" Rob not the poor Ijecanse lie is poor; neither oppress the
afflicted in the gate; tor the Loid will plead their cause and
spojl iliy soul ui'Uioae Unit spoiled them.-'—Proverbs, xxn,
3-i, •) 
'• Wo unto 111id that buHdeih his Iioum: by uiuighteous-
iicss and In* chniNbu* by Wioiiii; Unit UM'th'lii* neighbor's
;-.(■! vice without wagu^, and give'ih lam not lor his work."—
Jcremntli, xxn, 13.
"Thm-tore, tfmssaitii the Lord: ye have not hcaikenod
unto me, tu piuelaiiniujj liberty, eveiy one to his brother,
and eveiy mnn to his neighbor: behold ! I will proclaim a
liberty for you, *iuth the Lord, to the sword, to the pesti-
lenee, and to the lamine."—Jeremiah, xxxiv, 17.
" He *>lmll judge iho poor of the people He shall save
the children of the needy, and shall break in pieces the
oppvessoi."—Psalm k'xsi, 4.
"" For tbc oppression ot the poor, for the sighing of the
needy, now vvdl I anse, salth the Lord. I will set lum in
^fety fiom him that puffoth at him."—Psalm xti, 5.
Now, if the existence of this huge injustice in
(he land has aroused the wrath of the Almighty,
and if this injustice is in direct contravention of
the fundamental purpose of a Government or-
dained by His providence, then surely an obli-
gation rests upon us to put away the iniquity, and
there is no safety to the nation without it.
But there are other antagonisms operating di-
rectly against every one of the declared purposes
of the Constitution.
The great struggles and controversies of the
human race have proceeded from the varied and
unceasing attempts of the powerful, the wealthy,
and more intelligent, to overreach, harass, and
oppress the weak. God, in His mercy, took pity
upon them,and instituted republican governments
as the only sure refuge of the people. This safety
consists, not in the destruction of power or wealth
or intelligence, but in placing such checks upon
their use that the people are safe. The man of
wealth, in a republic, may desire to oppress the
poor, but he finds the court-house door as open
to his intended victim as to himself. He may
desire to oppress the hireling in his wages, but
ordinarily the hireling can l^ave the employment
of a hard master and seek a better one.
In the system of slavery these checks are all
removed; capital has complete, unquestioned con-
trol, not only over iabor, but over the laborer.
In other cases, the greedy hand of power stands
ready to snatch the hard-earned products of toi]
from the rightful possessor; but this system lays
its iron grasp upon the laborer himself, deprives
him of manhood, and drives him out among the
beasts of the field. All this is in direct and fatal
antagonism with the fundamental designs and
purposes of this republican Government. The
President recognizes fully the importance of this
question in that part of his annual message where
he speaks of " the effort to place capital on an
equal footing with, if not above, labor, in the
structure of government," and warns the people
to beware of this attempt to " fix new disabilities
and burdens upon them until ail of liberty is lost."
But it is claimcd that these ill effects of the sys-
, tem are confined to an inferior race, and that the
great mass of white laborers are not affected. Let
me say in reply that human society has not been
organized with any such loose joints as this. The
effects of a long continued degradation of labor-
ers cannot, in the nature of things, be confined to
its immediate victims. The masses are laborers;
but the masses are also the sovereigns. A sys-
tematic degradation of laborers, even though they
have no participation in the duties of sovereigns,
works a sure and fatal loss of proper considera-
tion and respect for all who live by labor. If the
real sovereigns of any nation are brought into dis-
respect and contempt, then the power of that na-
tion is weakened and its existence endangered.
Now slavery has accomplished this to a most fear-
ful extent; not only at home, m your capital, in
your commercial centers—not only does this esti-
mate of vulgarity and inferiority rest upon the
laboring sovereigns of this country m the walks
of social position, so far as slavery has given tone
to social life among us—but Europe is taught, by
the masters of the same school, to believe that
Americans are a rabble. The governing classes
abroad despise you, because you have permitted
yourselves to be despised and insulted at home;
and to-day, when a continent trembles beneath
the tread of six hundred thousand homestead
kings, battling for the right to govern and control
their own property, they are met with contempt
and scorn from an aristocracy abioad sympathiz-
ing with the efforts of an aristocracy at home to
throttle popular governmentin its cradle and drive
humanity into bankruptcy. When the dignity of
human nature has been committed to your care,
and you have accepted the trust, you cannot per-
mit it to be trampled upon with impunity without
losing your own position among the nations.
Thus is this system m direct antagonism with
the very foundations of national existence—that
is, national honor.
But the influence of the system is not alone con-
fined to its universal degradation of labor, and
consequently of the laboring sovereigns of this
country, in the estimation of the civilized world.
The men who exercise unlimited and irresponsible
power over so large a portion of their fellow-men
who constitute the labonngforce of theirownsec-
tion, are theieby unfitted toumte with the laborers
ot another section of a common country in sus-
taining a republican government.
By this broad assertion, I do not intend to de-
tract from the character of slaveholders any of the
fine qualities claimed for them, or bring against
them charges of undue cruelty, or to deny that
under some forms of government they might get
along with their system successfully; but the
point I make is, that while they regard and treat
the laborers of their own section as chattels—deem
man to be merchandise—they will not cooperate
with the laborers who are the sovereigns of an-
other scction of the common country, upon those
terms of equality, forbearance, and courtesy
which are absolutely indispensable to the success-
ful administration of the affairs of a republic; I
mean that a republic cannot live while this enemy
to domestic tranquillity and national honor holds
sway.
I stand here as a laborer, from my youth up,
I represent a constituency of laborers. 1 presume
it is no discourtesy to say that every member on
this floor from the free States, represents such a
constituency. The ballots that sent us here were
placed in the box by fingers hardened by toil; and
