1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pass by all that here, and pass by it by a very
sweeping denunciation, a very sweeping sacrifice,
a very presumptuous proscription of all sexes, of
all ages, and execute your own judgment? Then
it is a bill of attainder; and that is the principle
of this bill.
I do not wish to prolong these remarks. What
I have said, I have said in no spirit of controversy,
but with a deep and solemn conviction that the
country demands that every man shall give the
best'counsel he can, and that all our counsels to-
gether are not more than sufficient to meet the
great exigencies of the time in which we live.
We want peace, then. Peace is cheap at any
price we can pay for it. We want peace and unity..
Olu- armies are victorious; we have the prospect
of a speedy termination of actual hostilities, and
our task begins. What is that? Not to tear open
old wounds; not to make new wounds; not to
make a whole people by millions desperate and
paupers. That is not our business. No, sir. If
we fulfill the glory of our Constitution, and meet
the great lesponsibility which is upon us, our
duty will be to heal up the wounds of this sad war,
and to restore the Union and the laws-
Public justice may demand a sacrifice of a few
of the leaders who have instigated this rebellion;
but as to the punishment of the mass of the peo-
ple, let us leave that to Heaven alone. We cannot
do it. If we were to take their lives, their blood
would stain every acre of land from Massachu-
setts to Texas. We cannot do it. To take their
property would only be inferior in point of sever-
ity to taking their lives, if Shakspeare is right in
saying, he who takes from me that whereon I
live, takes from memylife. By taking their prop-
erty and their bread, you condemn them to starva-
tion. Our business now is to heal and pacify; our
business is once more to consolidate this great
Union and all its people intoone gieatand mighty
nation, to make progress together in full brother-
hood, and to that all our heai ts and all our minds
ought to be directed. The minds of the people of
this country are directed to it. That is what, they |
\v ill pay taxes for, and that is what the soldiers \
have £>onc to battle for. If you suppose they '•
would have gone to battle; if you suppose, you |
could have summoned six hundred thousand men
to liberate the slaves in the District of Columbia,
or to break the law of any State to liberate slaves
to cut their neighbors' throats, you are greatly
mistaken. Their object is the preservation of our
country, its union, and its salvation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. GrlUDEIl. If it will not inconvenience the
gentleman from Ohio, will he allow nie to ask the
committee to give my colleague a few moments
longer to finish his remarks?
Mr. BINGHAM. Personally, I have no objec-
tion to it.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Kentucky continuing his re-
marks for a few moments longer?
There was no objection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Chairman, I am
obliged to the committee for their courtesy. In
what 1 have said I have spoken in all sincerity
and frankness. I feel for my associates in this
body all the respect that I ought to feel; but I
look upon this as a common council, notwith-
standing our diversities of opinion, and each one
should speak his sentiments respectfully toward
his associates, butshould speak his judgment and
opinions upon public measures. I have done it.
I appeal to ail men now to assist in renewing the
Union. This war will leave behind it, like a
stoimy sea, much of disorder and much of con-
vulsion. We shall have to temper all that. We
live in an ago when we must temper things. We
must temper our justice. Justice demands that
those in rebellion should be made to pay the cost
of the war. Why, sir, this question arose ill every
war that ever existed between foreign nations.
He who is in the wrong in a war—and somebody
always is—ought to pay the costs and repair the
damages which the war has done. It would be
no more than strict justice, and yet the peace of
nations demands the abandonment of that policy.
Such terms could never be extorted without a con-
tinuous war. You could not gain as much by
exacting payment of the expenses of the war as
you would lose by the continued prosecution of
the war.
The idea of paying the expenses of this war
by the confiscation of the property of the rebels
might seem to be just enough, in itself; yet it
would be attended with consequences which make
it absolutely necessaryforusto abandon any such
purpose. If we get the integrity of our Union
restored, if we get its peace restored, if we get
back our people, and the love of all our people
North and South, we shall have got great consid-
eration for any money we may expend. Let it
go. Give us pcace, give us fraternity, give -us
back our whole country, and give us back our
erring and wicked fellow-citizens, that they may
repair hereafter, by their penitence and good
works, the wrong they have been guilty of to-
wards us. To exact payment of them is to exact
what they cannot pay, and you then change the
character of the war; you change the war from
one prosecuted for the Union to one prosecuted
for a debt. You may say, " Oh, we will forgive
you; but you must pay this debt." They say,
"We cannot pay it." Wc then continue the war.
What will be the cause of the war then ? Because
they cannot pay the debt. We shall be fighting
an insolvent debtor, and carrying on adestructivo
war against him because he cannotpay. Will the
war make him more able to pay it? Will further
destruction of his property and harassment of
himself make him more solvent? The idea,gen-
tlemen, when it is analyzed and looked into, must
be abandoned.
Now, it seems to me that the mildest measures
we can adopt are the best. You have fought a
great battle and are victorious. The moment of
victory is the moment for generosity, and that is
your true policy. Do not let vengeance forwhat
has been done govern your conduct. Let mercy
and mild and moderate counsels prevail hereafter.
That is the course of wisdom; that is the course
of humanity; that is the course we should pursue.
And Ictus keep within the Constitution. Let us
never bring ourselves into opposition to the Con-
stitution. Let us not say that the Constitution
which is our guide in time of peace, is a nullity in
lime of war; that tlfe Constitution will do tr> rule
in lime of peace, but thnt we, the members of Con-
gress, must rule in time of war. It will not do.
The able and eloquent gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] who sits now before me, says that the
power to provide for the common defense and the
general welfare contains the power to liberate
slaves, that it justifies these measures of confis-
cation and emancipation, and that the power is
unlimited.
Mr. Chairman, I had always believed that in the
clause of the Constitution which says that Con-
gress shnll have power to lay taxes, &c., and to
provide for the common defense and general wel-
fare, those latter words conveyed no power what-
ever; that the powers are conveyed 111 the other
clauses, and that this is the object for which they
aregiven. " Congress may lay taxes." Forwhat?
For the purpose of providing for the common de-
fense and the geneial welfare. To suppose that
any power could be derived of a general and un-
limited character from the words " to provide for
the common defense and general welfare," is to
subvert the whole Constitution. The Constitu-
tion is said to be a Constitution of specific and
enumerated powers. What would become of all
the specifications and enumerations of power if
here is a general provision m the Constitution
which gives an unlimited power? What becomes
of all tile specified poweis if these terms give you
an unlimited powei ? Where the necessity of
' enumeration? But this language was only intended
to show the object for which the enumerated pow-
ers are given.
I The gentleman from Ohio quotes the Federalist
I to support his views. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Hamil-
ton wrote that article in answer to those opponents
S of the Constitution nt that day, who contended
' that the power of Congress to impose taxes ought
to be limited. There were men in that day who
insisted that Congress ought to have no power to
lay internal taxes; that they might have the power
to impose and lay taxes, but that they ought to be
external taxes, as the language then was; that they
ought to use the power only to tax foreign goods
imported into the country, and that it was giving
too much power to Congress to authorize them to
lay imposts even for the purpose of the common
defense and general welfare. Mr. Hamilton was
answering those men, and he says that if the limits
of the war, against, which you must,defend the
Constitution, could be reduceable to any particu-
lar time, then you might limit the means; but as
the power of the assault, as the dangers that may
arise against the Constitution are unknown and
undefinable and cannot be calculated, your power
to resist them and your power to defend must be
commensurate-with the dangers that may assail
you, and, therefore, that these powers—the power
to tax, the power to raise armies, the power to
maintain navies—must be unlimited and are so
unlimited. There is no limitation how upon our
power to tax. We have given an evidence of
that very recently. We have taxed all that' we
could find to tax, and we are now.exercising the
very unlimited power for which Mr. Hamilton
contended.
But, if I understand the argument of the gentle-
man from Ohio, he is not satisfied with this, but
finds in the language " to provide for the com-
mon defense and the general welfare" still further
indefinite and unlimited and discretionary pow-
ers. This, I say, is subversive of the whole spirit
of the Constitution. It opens a new source of
powers utterly indefinite. Suppose Congress
should say that trial by jury is very troublesome
in time of war; men must be brought to speedier
trial and punishment*, courts are too tedious in
their processes; abolish them and establish mili-
tary tribunals or send out commissioners, as the
Government of revolutionary France did, to exe-
ecute their will, and to judge men on their lives
and property. According to (he gentleman's con-
struction, it seems to me that that may as well
be brought within the limits of the power "to
provide for the common defense and the general
welfare"as thatlanguage can be brought to cover
the right to emancipate slaves. As was well re-
maiked by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Thomas,] the Constitution contemplates a
state of war, and in some instances contemplates
an extension of the power of the Government for
the purpose of carrying it on. In time of war
or rebellion, we may suspend the writ of habeas
corpus. MEgSAGE SK05I ,raE SKNATB.
The committee informall y rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message from the
Senate was received, by Mr. Forney, their Sec-
retary, notifying the House that the Senate had
passed an act (No. 102) to amend an act entitled
"An act to divide the State of Illinois into two
judicial districts," approved February 13, 1855;
and an act (No. 237) to remove all disqualifica-
tion of color in carrying the mails; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the bill of the
Senate relating to
EMANCIPATION IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As this confiscation bill is to
come up 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would rather the gen-
tleman, if at all convenient, would postpone his
remark. If he insists upon it, I will yield.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply wish to say that as
this question of confiscation is to come up in a
distinct bill, and as there will be opportunities for
its discussion when it comes beforethe House,
and as many are desirous of voting immediately
on the bill now under consideration, I would re-
spectfully hope that the gentleman from Kentucky
wou Id not abuse the courtesy of the committee. I
did not object to the gentleman's time being ex-
tended, but I supposed he only wanted to finish
his remarks on the bill now before the committee.
Many of us are anxious to vote on it, and I hope
that no time will be occupied in arguing on these
other bills.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish, Mr. Chairman,
to go through this subject and to reply to the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham.] I have had evidences enough of hisabihty
and his independence, which I gladly acknowledge;
and T would be glad if lie would review what he
has himself read from Mr. Hamilton, in connec-
tion with what 1 ask now to refer him to from Mr.
Madison.
Mr. Madison takes up the same subject, and
discusses it in No. 41 of the Federalist. He is
I speaking of an argument addressed against the
