118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
3'7'rn Cong. ... 2d Suss.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Cutler.
Ho. ob Beps.
and fifty of the princes of Isiael, famous in the
congregation, men of renown," with Korah,Da-
than, and Abiram at their head, declared that
they would not submit to the Lord's election of
leaders. " Tliey gathered themselves together
against Moses and against Aaron." The issue
was fairly made between the constituted authori-
ties and the rebels. Moses placed the matter in
the hands of the Lord, and thus we have an in-
instructive lesson as to how He put down a re-
bellion. Did he argue the right of coercion with
them? Did he spend breath in offers of compro-
mise ? Did he send after them a gospel of peace
and conciliation ? No, sir; he sent them quickly
down to hell, and passed a general confiscation
act, by the prompt execution of which they and
" their men, their goods, and everything that per-
tained to them," " went down alive into the pit,
and the earth closed upon them, and they per-
ished from among the congregation," thus afford-
ing a terrific testimony of Almighty God against
a causeless rebellion.
J have thus briefly examined the first and second
genera/ propositions proposed in the outset, name-
ly, that Congress, as the nation's sovereignty,
has a right to destroy enemies of the national life;
that slavery is such an enemy—which brings me
to the conclusion tlmt it is, therefore, the right and
duty of Congress to destroy slavery.
It is one thing to have power, it is quite another
thing to exercise that power. If the power ex-
ists there is a corresponding duty and obligation.
And tins brings us at once to grapple with the
great practical issues of emancipation. It is im-
possible for me in the few minutes allotted to
speak of plans or details—to discuss gradualism,
or immcdiutcism, or colonization, and I can only
remark generally that the inquiry opens widely
the door of expediency in connection with correct
principles, brings at once to our most careful con-
sideration the results of so great a change in the
condition of one of the mighty laboring forces of
the nation, suggests the utmost forbearance to-
wards all interested, demands protection and reg-
ulation tor the weak, and true conservative regard
lor the property and commercial interests invol ved.
A more delicate, complicated, and important task
has seldom been committed to mortal hands, and
yet I am not ready to admit that it cannot be done;
I am not willing to suppose that Providence and
1 r -American race, after having accom-
plished so many wonders, are to bo stalled by a
handful of negroes.
When summary vengeance has been visited
upon the heads of the reprobate leaders, and the
rightful authority of this Governmentestnblished
over every foot of its territory, then the objects
of this war are accomplished and it ought to'end.
1 so voted on the 2!2u of July last. I never in-
tended that this war should be prosecuted for the
purpose of abolishing slavery. If emancipation
"003, re®ult fro'" the war, it will be because the
war is the eruption of the hitherto slumbering vol-
cano-, it will be because the war is a compendium
of reasons against the system; because the boom-
ing reports Irom the stolen ordnance of secession
have aroused the nation to grapple with its dead-
liest foe, and assert the right of self-defense, a
ngjit never before denied to any being that has a
right to live.
f claim that this nation has a right to live; that
it has a right to resort to every means of self-
defense necessary to .self-preservation. That, if
m the judgment of Congress, slavery is a public
enemy, (and if n iS not, I do not want to touch
it,) it may and ought to be dealt with at any time
as such. And I say that it is an absurdity to hold
r\f eaff     '
a question of self-preservation can only be
idered in time of war. and sottwi «„i„
that
considered in time of war, and settled only" by the
war po wer. Emancipation should be an assertion,
not to be mistaken, and never to be forgotten, of
the right of the sovereignty to take careofitself,
to deal summarily with its own enemies, and to
provide for us own tranquillity, defense, and wel-
fare. If resistance is made to laws of entanci-
Sreaker ° &t "le P®"! °f the law"
While I have no doubt of the right to confiscate
the property of rebels, and to liberate their slaves,
and will vote for such n proposition, if nothing
better can be done, yet this liberation by the -war
power may be partial, does not necessarily abol-
ish the system, and must necessarily neglect the
important practical details so necessary to the
well-being of all parties. Nor do I believe the
territorial theory to be correct, so far as it is in-
tended to be used for the purpose of emancipa-
tion; for if it be true that those States have really
committed suicide, and are dead, then their local
laws and institutions are also dead, and the Con-
stitution neccssanly prevails all over the territory,
acting directly upon all the inhabitants. And
whenever the sweet and heavenly breath of the
Constitution shall pass through the lungs of asiave
he will be free, like the " Spirit of the Lord in
the valley of dry bones," proclaiming, " Come
from the four winds, 0 breath, and breathe upon
these slain that they may live." You want no
additional enactment, no political formula, to de-
termine the status of all " the inhabitants of the
land," If, however, the theory be correct that
their State existence remains in duress, to he dis-
enthralled by acts of returning loyalty, I would
still have the voice of Congress, like an archan-
gel's trumpet on a legitimate errand of resurrec-
tion , bid the dry bones of a withering and accursed
despotism to live, and rescue the most glorious of
earth's nationalities from a premature grave.
Sir, I stand here as a conservative man, with con-
servative instincts, interests, and purposes. 1 de-
sire first ofall to conserve the life, unity, and perma-
nent tranquillity of this nation. I desire to conserve
| those great principles of personal liberty which
have been winnowed out of the chaff of six cen-
turies, and are garnered up in the Constitution of
the United States, not for ourselves and our chil-
dren merely, but for all future generations of men.
As 1 view this matter, I would as soon think of
allowing a nest of vipers to live m the cradle of
my children as to permit this system of slavery
longer to exist in this country. According to my
conservatism, it is simply a question between the
children and the snakes. Butl do not want to abate
one nuisance and set up another in its place. I do
not want slave insurrections. I do not want mid-
night alarms or hearthstones soiled with family
blood. 1 do not want a wandering vagrancy of
free blacks, or a promiscuous amalgamation of
races. We have heard enough of all this; and it
is because I desire to avoid these evils that I insist
upon the right and duty of the General Govern-
ment to take this whole question into its own
hands, and deal with it in a business-like, practi-
cal, conservative mannor. Flore is the true field
for conservatism to do its work* in.
The objection has been urged upon this floor
that an act of liberation would " Africanize south-
ern society." Sir, I am not willing to suppose
that " southern society" is so feeble a structure,
that it will be jostled from its position by an act*
of justice done to an inferior class. It does not
follow that because you pay a man for a day's
work you arc obliged to sleep in the same bed
with him. 31 does not follow that because you
make the hovel of the slave " his castle" for pur-
poses of protection, that ho is to spend his time
sitting in your parlor. It does not follow that
because you secure him in enjoying the society
of his own family, that his family and yours are
to be compounded into one social circle. It does
not follow that because you give him the rights
of manhood, he is to become an idle, pilfering
vagrant, free from the restraints of law and order.
x>ut there is another view of the subject forced
upon our attention by the state of things with
which we are already surrounded. You may deny
the fact or ignore it, but the inexorable logic of
events is daily demonstrating that slavery never
can be hereafter the same as hitherto. This war
before it ends will have totally demoralized the
system and rendered it more dangerous to social
security, and far less profitable and efficient as a
producing force. It is every day teaching the
slaves practical lessons of liberty, and practical
lessons of the efficiency and power of physical
toice. All the slumbering energies of "love for
b? ev°ked from the darkened recesses
of the heart of a degraded and downtrodden peo-
Pn.i. i AlmiSbty never fostened such a motor
"low ra>C.e v tIus irmate> ineradicable
love for liberty. You may sneer at it or scold
about it as you please-, but it has done more for 11
human progress, has carried the race up steeper
grades,around sharper curves,over rougher tracks,
and on the whole with greater speed and safety
than all other purely human forccs combined, and
if I may be permitted to guess about the future,
itwill be found that the great Conductor of human
affairs will have hitched that locomotive to the
four millions of slaves; and the question now is,
will you, as the proper and appointed guardians,
take charge of the train and run it safely and
smoothly over the nation's future highway of
prosperity, or will you permit it to run as a wild
train, without lights, signals, brakeinen, or engi-
neers? True conservatism points to the General
Government as the only proper and competent
authority to save us in future from such fearful
collisions, disaster, and ruin.
By acts of Congress already passed, many thou-
sands of slaves all over the slave States are entitled
to their freedom. You have already initiated dis-
integration and destruction to the system. You
have already set fire to the end of the fuse, and
sooner or later the explosion will carry desolation
and ruin unless the conservative power of Con-
gress is interposed properly to direct and control
the elements. If five hundred thousand slaves-—
as has been stated on this floor—are already set
free by acts on your statute-book, can it be sup-
posed that the remainder will continue in bondage
with the sam« docility as before ? No one would
deny the power of the Federal Government to
suppress a slave insurrection. Is it any the less
their duty to prevent one?
Sir, the only path of safety is in doing just
what the Constitution set out to do, just what
your fathers pledged Ihe world should'be done—
" establish justice"and " secure liberty" through-
out the land. Then the unity, tranquillity, and
welfare of the nation will be secured and made
permanent.
I reiterate the words used by the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] hi the
preamble to his bill now under consideration—
"slavery has caused the present rebellion, and
there can be no permanent peace and union in
this Republic so long as that institution exists."
Everybody knows this to be true. Our people
understand it. Foreign nations know it. The
civilized world have their searching eye upon us,
to see whether we have the firmness and wisdom
to manage this mighty subject. Shall we occupy
the ridiculous position of having well-nigh ex-
hausted the blood and treasure of the nation to
suppress a rebellion, and leave the admitted cause
of it untouched ? Shall we quail before threatened
party organizations, yield to fierce denunciations,
or be misled by predictions of wonderful social
evils to result from emancipation ? The nation,
sir, has been led astray quite long enough with
the miserable partisan war cry that emancipation
means " to turn the niggers loose." Why, sir, I
would not turn four millions of " Yankees" loose
and allow them to do as they please. I do not
know that anybody or anything in this country is
turned quite loose, except it is this system of sla-
very; and I pray most earnestly that " the strong
and mighty angel, having a great chain in his
hand, may hasten to lay hold of that devil and
turn upon him the key of the bottomless pit. One
would suppose, listening to the clamor on this
subject, that emancipation was like the turning
loose of the four Euphratean angels, who, under
the symbol of two hundred thousand thousand
horsemen, whose horses had heads like lions and
tails like serpents, breathing from their mouths
nie, smoke, and brimstone, were sent forth to
destroy the third part of men." Emancipation
never has been and never will be sent forth on any
such errand. No; it is rather an echo of that sweet
song which once ravished human ears when the
angel choir announced the advent of earth's great
Emancipator, with the shout of " glory to God in
the highest, and on earth peace and good will to-
ward men." It is rather a " tree standing by the
river of life, whose leaves are for the healing of
the nations." It is rather a harbinger and sure
precursor of that happy period when 
" The desert shall blossom and ttie barren sing: .
When justice and mercy, holiness and love,
Shall among the people walk, Messiah reign,
And earth keep jubilee a thousand years."
