2598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
will frankly say that I do not see, if the shoes are
of equal quality, as the Senator from Ohio says,
why they cannot take them; but that we do not
know.
- Mr. GRIMES. That is admitted by the War
Department. I have a certificate from the chief
clerk, who receives these goods, certifying that
they are of equal quality with the others.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Iowa did not
understand me to deny that.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought you did to the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. CLARK. Then I was misunderstood.
Mr. GRIMES. You said we did not know it.
t Mr. CLARK. I did not mean to say they
were.
Mr. WADE. I understand they are as good,
and even better, and I said that.
Mr. CLARIC. I said I did not know or did not
see why they should not buy them if they were
of equal quality.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope the gentlemen will
indulge me a moment. The truth is, as I under-
stand it, that the Department have no power to
buy shoes, except upon advertisement and bid.
That is the law.
Mr. GRIMES. Then they are constantly
violating it, for they are doing it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the standing law.
If this resolution were passed into a law it would
enable them to buy them undoubtedly without
bidding, so far as this penitentiary is concerned;
but I fancy when gentlemen wonder why they do
not buy them, if they are equally good and equally
cheap, if the law be as I understand it, unless
there is a pressure of extreme necessity, where
they have the power in particular cases to make
an immediate particular purchase, the reason is
because they have not contracted by bid to be sup-
plied in that way.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire will allow me to say that I do not think this
is any contest between the Interior Department
and the War Department. If it had been 1 think
the War Department would have taken some no-
tice of this attempt to get this law passed; but I
presume they arc perfectly indifferent on the sub-
ject.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know how violent the
contest may be. I do not mean to say anything
about it. I do not mean to say that there is what
would amount to that; but evidently the War De-
Sariment does not take shoes which the Interior
•epartment wants the War Department to take.
I did not mean to say anything about the quality
of the shoes, because 1 do not know anything
about them. What I want to say is this: it is
evident wo hove not any knowledge of the condi-
tion of the War or Nuvy Department in legard
to their supply of shoes. It may be that they
have very largo contracts for shoes on which
there will be delivered an abundantsupply for the
Army and Navy for some time. Would it be wise
for us, without information, to puss this resolu-
tion directing them to take these shoes without
that knowledge, so that there might be a loss on
the supply of shoes? If they have got shoes
enough contracted for, they do not want these
shoes. Perhaps it would be better to let the res-
olution lie until we can get more information. I
am not opposed to the resolution, if it is found to
be desired; but it seems to me there is not so much
information m regard to it as the Senate desire
usually.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only to say that I have
been in pursuit of information under very adverse
circumstances. I have sought it at the duarter-
master General's office and the War Department,
and have been unable to secure it.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps , when this discussion
comes before them they will furnish information
m the subject. Certainly we can pass a resolution
that will bring information in regard to it. Was
any resolution serrt from the Senate?
Mr. GRIMES. A letter from the committee.
Mr. CLARK. But I propose that we send a
resolution from the Senate.
^ Mr. WADE. There were personal applica-
tions to the Quartermaster General, who did not
give any answer.
Mr. CLARK. We had better send a resolu-
tion from the Senate, and see if thev will not
answer that. J
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. As there
is no amendment pending, I send one to the Chair,
to insert the following as an additional section to
the bill:
Jtnd be it further enacted, That the soldiers and volun-
teers confined in the penitentiary in the District of Colum-
bia, under sentences imposed by military courts-martial, be
immediately discharged; and that imprisonment in said
penitentiary under sentences imposed by courts-martial
shall not hereafter be allowed.
Mr. HALE. That, it seems to me, would be
a great stretch of power. I have no doubt they
are illegally there—not the slightest in the world;
but it is not for us as improperly to turn them
out, as we would if this Legislature should under-
take to reverse the judgment of the court. They
are there under a sentence which the law officer
of the Government has given his opinion is legal.
Mr. GRIMES. We do not reverse the judg-
ment of the court, but say they shall not be con-
fined there.
Mr. HALE. I am for it; but I think it a great
stretch of power.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
at one o'clock we shall have to drop the subject.
I wish, however, simply to say that I hope the
Senate and Congress will sustain this amendment,
and that those soldiers, amounting now to about
ninety, sentto the penitentiary by courts-martial,
will be discharged from that penitentiary, and
that we will not permit the soldiers of the Army
of the United States to be sent to that place and
treated as convicts. I doubt very much the power
of this Government to do it under military rules
and regulations. The law requires them to be
punished, and punished according to military rules
and regulations, and they are sent to the peniten-
tiary here and degraded as felons; and that, too,
for very slight offenses, offenses for which a jury
would not send them there. I venture to say,
that of the ninety soldiers in that penitentiary to-
day, there are but very few of them that would
have been sent there by a judicial tribunal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the special order of the day is
now before the Senate*.
THE TAX BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 332) to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, and pay interest on
the public debt, the pending question being on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendments were
ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a
third time last evening. On an examination of it,
I find one important section which I think is so
materially defective that I am obliged to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The section to which I
refer is section twenty-six, on page 31. On look-
ing over the section, I find in reference to the pro-
ceedings to collect the amount of deficiency of
delinquent collectors, that there is no provision
made for a notice of the sale, and the provision
with regard the deed is also defective. I move to
insert in the fifteenth line of that section, after the
word " collector," the following:
Giving at loast five days' notice of the time and place of
sale, in the mannci provided by law for .advertising sales of
personal property on execution in the State wherein such
collector icsides.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word "col-
lector," in line twenty-one, on the same page, I
move to insert the following:
Giving noiicu as hereinbefore provided, and the bill of
sale of Die officer of any pooda, chattels, or other pcr&onal
property distiained and sold as afoie&aid, shall be conclusive
evidence ot title to the puichasei, and prima facie evidence
of the right of the officer to make &uch ?alc, and of the cor-
rectness of his proceedings in selling the same.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance whether
this amendment relates to anything but the mere
sale of personal chattels?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 32, in lines thir-
ty-nine and forty, I move to strike out the words,
" in like manner as if said premises had been sold
upon execution issued on a judgment at law,"
and insert in lieu thereof, "in the manner and
form prescribed by the laws of the State in which
said lands are situated." i
That does not seem to
I do not know; it would
Mr. COLLAMER.
relieve the difficulty.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
then read:
Make and deliver to the purchaser of the premises so sold
a deed of conveyance thereof, to he executed and acknowl-
edged in the manner and form prescribed by the laws of the
State in which said lands are situated.
Mr. COLLAMER. In many of our States
they never have any deed of lands sold on execu-
tion, and of course as there are no State laws on
the subject, they cannot tell how deeds shall be
acknowledged.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the clause stands now,
it would be open to the objection made by the
Senator; but as amended it says, in the first place,
he shall make and deliver to the purchaser of the
premises so sold a deed of conveyance thereof, to
be executed and acknowledged in the manner
prescribed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Perhaps if the words "ex-
ecuted and acknowledged" refer to the mere sign-
ing and sealing, and two witnesses, it would be
proper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When I drew it, I pre-
sumed it referred merely to the form of the exe-
cution.
Mr. COLLAMER.. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word " war-
rant," at the end of line forty-two, on page 32, I
move to insert the words " existing at the time of
seizure thereof;" so that it will read:
Which said deed so made shall invest the purchaser with
all the title and interest of the defendant or defendants
named in said warrant at the time of seizure thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which a tax of two dollars was laid on
slaves yesterday. I do this not because I have
changed my own opinion, but at the request of
Senators.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will not be recon-
sidered.
Mr. LATHAM. Let tls have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. No icasoii has been assigned
for this reconsideration. The vote of the Senate
last night was the result of very considerable de-
bate, which was had some days ago. It was not
hasty or ill-considered. The sum fixed is mod-
erate. It certainly is less than was proposed in
the late convention, if we may credit a report in
the newspapers, of North Carolina. I have in my
hands a newspaper of two days ago, which con-
tains an account of the debate in the convention
of North Carolina, where it was proposed to tax
slaves. Here is the precise statement of what
was done;
(< The annual tax on all slaves over five and less
than ten years of age, is five dollars; over ten and
less than fifteen, it is ten dollars; over fifteen and
less than twenty, fifteen dollars; over twenty and
less than forty-five, twenty dollars." The writer
then says: " strange as this may seem, this meas-
ure became a law by a large majority." The let-
ter from which this is taken, is dated " Newbern,
North Carolina, May 22," only a few days ago;
and I know nothing of it beyond what is given in
the letter. " On slaves over twenty and less than
forty-five, a tax of over twenty dollars." Now,
the tax proposed by my amendment is only two
dollars, to be levied on every claim to hold a slave;
for that is the precise form of the proposition.
What can bo the ground of opposition ? Surely
there can be no valid objection on account of the
amount, for this is very'small. There can be no
valid objection on account of the Constitution, for
I submit that such a tax, which is in no respect a
capitation tax, but a tax on the business or avoca-
tion of the person taxed, is clearly according to the
Constitution. There can be no valid objection on
account of policy, for it is clearly the policy of this
Government in every respect to discourage sla-
very, and not to countenance it as we shall if we
leave it untaxed. Why, sir,'is this not a tax bill?
Are we not seeking revenue? Beyond all question.
But here is a large mass of taxable matter out of
which we can obtain a sure revenue, and while
obtainingthe revenue we shall also carry forward
a cherished policy, which began with our fathers,
of discouraging slavery. I hope the vote will not
be reconsidered.
