1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
the Government in paying them. Hence there is
a necessity for money; and the object of the au-
thority to issue $150,000,000 United States notes,
not bearing interest, and made a legal tender, is
to pay these creditors of the United States, and
enable them to discharge their debts.
In the natural course of trade these United
States notes will continue to be transferred from
one to another until they come into the hands of
the banks and the capitalists, who will not allow
them to remain long idle in their possession.
Money for commercial purposes can now be ob-
tained for less than five per cent. Such portion,
therefore, of the " United States notes"asare riot
needed f«5r circulation, and cannot be used in reg-
ular business channels in a way to earn interest*
will be returned sooner or later to the Treasury
Department, to be converted into bonds bearing
interest at the rate of six per cent., and payable
in twenty years. By this process the exchange
is completed, and these bonds of the Government
will thus be made to furnish the supplies required
to carry on the war without the intervention or
use by the Government of bank paper.
The propositions of the committees from boards
of trade and banks which recently visited Wash-
ington, submitted to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and declined by him, differed from the theory
of this bill so far as to require that, instead of the
issue of the United States notes, the banks should
be relied upon to furnish the amount needed.
The effect of this would be that the Government
bonds must first be disposed of, and the money
received for them paid to the contractors; in other
words, that the Government should go into the
money market and negotiate their bonds, without
restriction as to the rate or terms, at a time when
the Government is discredited by the delay and
the difficulties that have occurred in paying con-
tractors and others; taking the notesof suspended
banks in payment of these bonds, and, witii these
bank notes thus obtained, pay off the contractors.
The obvious effect of such an arrangement would
be to put the reins of our national finances in the
hands of the banks, leaving to them the direction
of our path, with little opportunity for the Gov-
ernment to exercise any influence on the subject.
Exactly upon what terms the Government bonds
could be negotiated now, under such circum-
stances, no one can say; but last summer, when
the banks made their negotiation with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for §100,000,000, they at first
refused to do anything, because the Secretary was
restricted by law to taking par for seven per cent,
bonds payable in twenty years, and for seven and
three tenths Treasury notes payable in three years.
They finally decided, though with great reluctance
—influenced by patriotic regard for the public in-
terest as well as wisely consulting their own—to
take §3 00,000,000 of the latter; though at that time,
as now, money was not worth for commercial pur-
poses more than five per cent, it is now proposed
in this bill to limit the Secretary to par for six per
cent, bonds, the principal and interest to be pay-
able in specie or its equivalent. It is believed that
there can be nothing more secure than these bonds,
which thus become, as it were, a standard of value
in reference to the cunency.
In the war of 1812, the Government paid for its
supplies with funds obtained from the banks,, in
the same manner as proposed in the plan recently
submitted to the Secretary by those committees.
The bonds of the United States were then nego-
tiated in some instances at twenty per cent, less
than their par value, and paid for in bank currency
of different degrees of depreciation, according to
locality, but averaging from twenty to twenty-five
per cent, discount, as compared with coin.
To render the Government financially more in-
dependent, it is necessary to make the United
States notes a legal tender. It impossible that they
would become a practical tender like bank notes,
without providing for them to be a legal tender.
If this were a foreign war, there would be no doubt
of it; but in this present emergency, when those
who are openly or secretly disloyal to the Gov-
ernment are found everywhere to suggest obsta-
cles that may embarrass the Government, nothing
should be omitted that will add to their efficiency.
I am, therefore, in favor of making the notes a
legal tender, believing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who alone has the power to issue them, can
and will use the power with his well-known dis-
cretion* and that it will assist him in his endeavor
to keep the notes at par with coin. We shall prob-
ably be told that England, in her great struggle,
while specie payments were suspended, never
made paper money a legal tender. But in this
respect her example should serve us as a warning
rather than a guide, because, instead of it, she did
what was much worse, by suspending the laws to
enforce the payment of debts in cases where the
paper money had been refused as a tender.
Various objections of a theoretic nature have
been made to the issue of United States notes, as
proposed by this bill. Their main features may
be summed up in a few words. It is said that when
a Government once assumes the power to issue a
currency, the temptation to continue issuing it
rather than to resort to the morcunpopular method
of taxation is so great that it will not cease to issue
it until it finds itself in a state of utter bankruptcy.
The answer to this objection is, that the power of
the Government is limited by the law in this re-
spect to §150,000,000, and consequently the Gov-
ernment cannot, if it would, yield to any such
temptation.
Again, it is said that the country already has a
supply of paper currency equal to the demand;
that if this amount is, therefore, thrust upon it at
the present time, the currency will deprcciate and
prices will be unduly inflated. The answer to this
objection is manifold in its nature. In the first
place, the objection supposes that the total amount
authorized to be issued by the Treasury'will im-
mediately be thrown upon the market; which is
far from probable. On the contrary, it is highly
probable that the total amount will never be issued.
The Secretary issues it in making payments from
time to time, and in the usual course of trade it
will come back to the Treasury, either in payment
of taxes and other Government dues, or in pur-
chasing the Government loans; when it can be re-
issued as the Government may require it; so that
the amount permanently remaining in the market
as a currency will by no means be so large as the
objectors suppose. In the second place, as has
already been shown, while this currency can be
converted in such a manner as to yield six per
cent, interest on its par value, it can never greatly
depreciate, because the moment the capitalist hold-
ing it sees any evidence of its depreciation, he will
convert it into the bonds bearing interest, giving
him a permanent income. Thus it secures itself
against over-circulation.
In the third place, the objection supposes that
the supply of bank paper now m circulation is,
and will continue to be, equal to the demand, and
hence the danger - f the disastrous consequences
of an inflation. Do those who make this objection
forget that ihe heavy taxation which they desire
must create an unusual demand for currency,
which will call for an unusual supply ? How do
they expect to pay the very moderate tax (in their
estimation) which we propose when the banks
have suspended specie payments, and the gold is
hoarded by a few speculators, m anticipation of
future augmentation in its value or price? Will
they expect the Government to receive the tax of
$150,000,000 m specie? If not, can they wish the
Government to take the notes of any and eveiy
banking association m the countiy? or, that the
Government shall discriminate between the differ-
ent private banks, and arbitrarily reject one bank
bill as bad and accept another as good ? If not,
and the people at large will be unable to pay this
tax in coin,and the Government cannot accept it
in the bills of private local corporations, then the
issue provided for in this bill will be not only use-
ful to the Government as relieving its temporary
necessities, but will be essential to the people as
a means of supplying them with the currency
accessory to pay the'ir taxes.
The plan which I have thus sketched in its sev-
eral branches fills up the outlines of the policy
submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury in his
very able report.
Mr. Chairman, the loyal States stand in a more
independent position to-day than they have ever
before occupied. The reports of the Treasury
show that they have been small purchasers, while
the record of the exports tells us that they have
sold largely. Wheie, then, aie the abundant re-
sources of this country? I answer, sir, that they
are m our banks and our warehouses and our
p-ranaries. Commerce and its attendant trade are
paralyzed; the timid and disloyal are sending
then wealth abroad for security; while the Gov-
ernment is offering the only safe and sure oppor-
tunities for investment within their reach.
Some of the very men who owe their freedom,
their standing, their wealth to the developmentof
the principles in defense of which this war is
now waged, seem to be hesitating and wavering
whether to conic to thesupportof those principles
or abandon them to their threatened destruction.
For, sir, disguise it under whatever name you
please, this is a war, on the part of the South,
inspired by slavery against the free labor of the
North; and hence the sympathy it receives from
those who favor aristocratic institutions. The
prosperity of the North, like that of England and
France, is mainly to be attributed to the skill that
it has developed in manufactures, the enterprise
that it has displayed in commerce, and the con-
stant investment of us accumulated wealth in in-
dustrial pursuits of eveiy kind; while the South,
from policy, has preferred that its labor should be
unskilled and ignorant, suited only to Unemploy-
ments of a peculiar agriculture, keeping itself
dependent upon foreign trade for many of the
conveniences and luxuries which it has not the
ingenuity to produce. Itis importantin this great
struggle to show the superiority of the principles
.of freedom, of education, of the elevation of man-
kind, upon which society at the North is based,
over those of slavery, which doom men to hope-
less ignorance in order to insure abject obedience.
To do this our resources of every kind are abund-
ant, both in men and in means; and it is only
necessary to draw them out in order to be suc-
cessful.
To fail would not be because the nation was so
poorly endowed as to be without the means of suc-
cess, but because it refused to .make use of them.
Such a result, if it were possible, would not weaken
the truth of the great principles for which we are
contending; but would simply demonstrate that
we, of this generation, were faithless in guarding
those principles; faithless to ouiselves; faithless
to our country; faithless to good government
throughout the world; and, since such infidelity
is a violation of unquestionable duty, faithless to
God.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York to yield me the floor.
Two members of the majority of the Committee
of Ways and Means have spoken on this ques-
tion, and if the gentleman will permit me now to
express the views of the minority of the commit-
tee against, the pending bill, I will be obliged to
him.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I yield to the
gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mallort reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, accoiding to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 240, toauthorize the issue ofUnited States
notes, and for the redemption or funding thereof,
and for funding the floating debt of the United
States, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I feel it my duty to state that
the Treasury Department is urgent for the pas-
sage of this bill, and I trust, therefore, that the vote
oiutwil! not be put off longer than Thursday
next. .
Tjy unanimous consent it was ordered that the
amendments of Mr. Roscoe Cockling and Mr.
Vallandigham be printed.
WESTERN ARMORY, ETC.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
presented the joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Ohio, relative to the establishment of an armory
in the State of Ohio, and also relative to granting
citizenship to foreigneis honorably discharged
fiom the Army; which were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
TREASURY NOTES, ETC.
Mi. SP.AULDING. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a letter which I have just re-
ceived from the Secretary of the Treasury.
a note to me urging the immediate passage of this
bill without further delay. For the purpose of
letting the House understand the necessities of the
