THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Constitution, I cannot give to this measure my
support.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not intend to say a word
about this matter, but the Senator from Wiscon-
sin has concluded that in this proposition 1 drew
about the tax on persons held to service I was
foing to tax people's children. The first time I
rew that, I expressly made that exclusion. I
submitted it to a great deal better draughtsman and
lawyer than I was, a member of the committee,
and he drew it in a way that he said did exclude
them. When it was presented here, that was
thought to be rather doubtful, and I put the pro-
vision in again excluding children. The Senator
is very learned: he says he has read the discus-
sions of John Adams in the constitutional con-
vention. It is the first time I ever heard that John
* Adams was there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say that it was
in the constitutional convention, but on the ques-
tion of the adoption of the Constitution, which
was discussed.
Mr. SUMNER. John Adams was in London
at the time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will send for the Debates
in the State Conventions to show.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is no odds to me. I would
just as soon it was John Adams, or John Quincy
Adams, or anybody else. I merely wish to say
that in drawing the amendment which I proposed,
I purposely avoided all appearance of a capitation
tax, which I understood to be a poll tax, although
1 must confess, from what little consideration I
have been able to give the Constitution, ( never
could see how a poll tax could be levied under the
Constitution. I do not know how you can count
five for three. Some people have got into the
habit of construing this instrument to answer their
purposes, and they make three polls out of five by
some sort of algebraic proposition, but I do not
know how to divide in that way.
1 had a like doubt about the broad amendment
which the Senator from Massachusetts offered
yesterday. I think it could have been drawn bet-
ter, and so as to avoid these objections and be
more equitable. I think those people, between
ten and sixty-five years of age, are the only ones
that render service which is of practical utility to
whoever claims them, and therefore it would be
moreequitabletoconfinethe tax tothem. When-
ever we make any proposition on this subject, we
encounter constitutional objections. I was look-
ing to getting money, and 1 did not see these nice
constitutional distinctions. For that reason I
voted for the amendment; but to be candid, I
must sity that I prefer that it should be drawn in
a form which would not involve the question
whether it was a capitation tax or not. 1 do not
intend to go into a constitutional argument, be-
cause I do not think I could enlighten the Senate
on such a question.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, after the remarks
which have been made by some of the friends of
this tax, it becomes me to say a few words about
it, occupying the position that 1 do. I know that
a great many years ago a Mr. Somebody, said to
be Jolin duincy Adams, wrote a song which was
pretty severe upon Mr. Jefferson, and in which
he had these lines:
" And if we cannot alter tilings,
Egad we'll change their names, dr."
Now, sir, I take it, beyond controversy, no
matter what you call this, it is a tax on slaves.
We so speak of it. The idea of covering it up
under a claim for their services, or a claim upon
their services, and saying that it is not a tax on
slaves, to my humble judgment is just as absurd
as it would be if a State Legislature were to un-
dertake to tax horses, and should say that the
owner of a horse should be taxed for his right to
the service of the horse,and that in that way they
would not tax the horse, but only the owner's
claim to have the horse's labor. Ahundred other
cases of the same kind may be supposed. The
real thing, the meaning of it is that it is a direct
tax on slaves. It is that and it is nothing else.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] says "so
much the better," and in saying so the Senator
shows that he is not governed by the policy of
altering the names of things. He sees it and
knows it.
Now, sir, whatdoes the Constitution say about
direct taxes. It says that " representatives and
direct taxes shall be apportioned among the sev-
eral States which may be included within this
Union, according to their respective numbers,
which shall be determined by adding to the whole
number of free persons, including those bound to
service for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three fifths of all other persons." That
is the way that direct taxes are to be assessed.
Now, sir, whether this is a direct tax or not I will
not venture my own judgment, but I will give the
judgment of a man who was supposed to know
something about the Constitution in his day, but
1 doubt whether he would be recognized as know-
ing much aboutit now; I mean Judge Story. He
says in section nine hundred and fifty-four of the
first volume of his Commentaries on the Consti-
tution:
" Out the more important inquiry is, wliat are direct taxes
in the sense of the Constitution, since they are required to
be laid by tile rule ofappoitiomnent, and nil indirect taxes,
whether they fail under tlie head of < duties, imposts, or
excises,' or under any other description, may be laid by ilie
rule of uniformity. It is clear, that capitation taxes, oi, as
they are more commonly called, poll taxes, that is, taxes
upon the polls, heads, or persons, of" the contributors, aio
direet taxes,foi the Constitution has expressly enumerated
them as such. < No capitation or other direct tax shall be
laid,' &c., is the language of that instrument."
Again, in the same volume, section nine hun-
dred and ninety-three, the same judge says, sum-
ming up what he has to say on the subject:
" In order to prevent the necessity of recurring again to
the subject of taxation, it seems desirable to bring together
in tins connection all ihe remaining provisions ot the Con-
stitution on this subject, though they are differently arranged
in that instrument. The first one is,' no capitation or other
direet tax shall be laid, unless m proportion to the census
or enumeration herein befoie directed to be. taken.' This
includes poll taxes and land taxes, as has been aheady re-
marked."
Again, in the next section, he says:
"The object of this clause doubtless is, to secure the
southern States against any undue proportion of taxation ;
and as lieaily as practicable to overcome the necessary in-
equalities of direct tux. The South has a very large slave
population ; and consequently a poll tax, which should be
laid by the rule of uniformity, would operate with peculiar
seventy on them, it would tax their property beyond its
supposed relative value and pioduetlveness to white labor.
Hence, a mle is adopted, which, in elfeet, in relation to
poll taxes, exempts two tilths of all slaves from taxation;
and this is supposed to equalize tile burden with the white
population."
There is nophraseology thatcancovcrthis thing
up from the common sense of the people. It is a tax
on slaves. It is so spoken of by those who speak
of it without taking care to conceal their ideas with
eloquent verbiage. The sensible Senator from
Ohio takes it in its simple, earnest, and honest
meaning, and lie says " so much the better." As
I have before said, I am not willing, even in order
to reach a cherished object, to violate a clear,
plain, explicit provision of the Constitution, that
I have called upon Almighty God to help me to
keep, and I will not.
Again, sir, there is another reason, aside from
this, which, to my mind, is a conclusive argument
from the Constitution itself; and that is that if
you levy this tax, you cannot assess it in every
portion of the country where the slaves are owned,
and the operation of it will be to tax most severely
your own friends in those States where the rebel-
lion has crushed them most heavily, namely, in the
State of Kentucky, and in the State of Missouri,
especially. You cannot collect this tax of your
enemies; you can only collect itfrom your friends,
and of those friends who have been almost crushed
to the earth by the ruinous effects of this rebellion
which is upon them.
There is another consideration which I will not
address to the Senator from Massachusetts, be-
cause I do not expect to convince him where he
has avowed his conviction so clearly as lie has
here, but I address it to those with whom 1 have
sympathized and labored m years past, earnestly,
zealously, and, I trust, honestly. We have con-
tended—such is my opinion, and such is the con-
viction of my understanding, that I have not
shrunk from the expression of it, and will not—
that when God made man, and breathed into his
nostrils the breath of life, and covered the earth
with the multitudes of His creation, He took the
fowls of the air, the beasts of the earth, and the
fishes of the sea, and impressed upon them the
character of property, and made them property;
but man, immortal man. He created for a higher
destiny, reserved for His peculiar worship, and
said that property should not be made of him.
That is my faith, living or dying; and, sir, I am
not here for a temporary purpose, to vote to im-
pose a tax upon this species of legal property, and
thus give my assent to the proposition that prop-
erty can be rightfully held in man. I do not be-
lieve it; I never did believe it; and by no vote of
mine shail such a sentiment as that receive sanc-
tion.
These are the reasons which influence me. I
know that it is fashionable here in the Senate 
more so than I wish it were—for gentlemen who
entertain certain opinions, and entertain them
strongly, clearly, and without any doubt, to ex-
press sometimes the opinion that everybody who
differs from them on that question is alien from
every right sentiment and true principle which
should animate and govern statesmen in their
action on this floor. Why, sir, even the calm
and imperturbable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] the other day, in my humble judg-
ment, fell under that very condemnation. I trust
that we shall be saved from that in this case.
While I entertain as clear and strong convictions
as so feeble an intellect as mine can entertain upon
this subject, I am far from arraigning the integ-
rity or the wisdom of those who differ from me;
but entertaining these sentiments, and believing
that the great danger is that by the emergencies
of the hour which are pressing upon us for the
purpose of seizing some temporary good we may
be led to violate the clear provisions of the Con-
stitution, I have thought it my duty, even at this
late hour of the day, to enter my protest against
the imposition of this tax.
Again, sir, I know something of the frailty of
human nature, and I know sometimes how im-
pressions which we have gathered in our experi-
ence in the past bias our judgment and lead us
astray. I fear sometimes that the hard experi-
ence which the anti-slavery men of this country
have had to endure in the years that have passed
has had, unfortunately, the tendency to indurate
their affections, make callous their hearts, and give
vigor to their resentments whenever the institu-
tion of slavery in any of its connections is brought
up. 1 fear, sir, that that may be the effect of the
experience which twenty years of persecution have
had upon some of us; but 1 trust'Senators in this
place, on this occasion, in this hour, when as a
band of brothers we should unite together and
stand shoulder to shoulder fighting the battles of
the country and the Constitution, we shall, in the
emphatic language that was addressed to tire He-
brew prophet when he was leading his people
out from the land of bondage to found a new re-
public in a chosen land, I trust that, standing
where we do we shall put the shoes of prejudice
from off our feet, remembering that the place
where the providence of God has put us to-day
to act is holy ground, from which all passion,all
resentment, all influences save those which pa-
triotism and the Constitution address to the
understanding should be excluded from our con-
sideration.
Mr. WILMOT. Mr. President, I desire to say
a few words on the question to be reconsidered,
now pending. I am unwilling to admit, with the
Senator from New Hampshire, that my anti-sla-
very experiences, in the struggles through which
I have passed, have made me less competent to
judge correctly of the Constitution; and if I did
not believe that Congress had the clear, consti-
tutional right to impose this tax, I would not rise
here for the purpose of saying a word in its sup-
port.
We cannot, Mr. President, it seems, either touch
slavery or touch any of the great products of sla-
very without having the Constitution interposed
against our action. There are two productions in
which the South enjoy a monopoly; one is cotton
and the other is slaves. We have succeeded in im-
posing a very small tax upon cotton; not without
great difficulty and by a close vote, and in doing
this we have met a constitutional objection. Inthe
estimation of many Senators, it was unconstitu-
tional to tux cotton, because itamounted to aduty
upon exportation. They said it was an indirect
mode of imposing export duties, and therefore it
was unconstitutional. We now reach, more di-
rectly, the question of the taxation of slaves, aftd
here again the Constitution is interposed against
our action.
I do not understand this to be a poll tax or
capitation tax. By a capitation taxi understand
a tax which reaches every head in the country,
