1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
The resolution is as follows:
Joint Resolution in lelation to the &ale and use of intoxica-
ting liquors,, as a beverage, in the Army.
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the State of Michigan, That our Senators in the Congiess
of the United States be instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to use their efforts to procure the passage of a
Stringent law prohibiting the sale or use of any intoxicating
liquors, as a beverage, to the officers, soldiers, or employes
of the Government within the District of Columbia.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to furnish each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congress, also eacli
of our regiments in service, with a copy of these resolutions.
BYRON G. STOUT,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
DEXTER MUSSEY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Approved. January 17,1862.
AUSTIN BLAIR.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 175) to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other purposes, reported it, with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 241) for the pay-
ment of the field officers of volunteer regiments,
for services rendered prior to the full organization
of the regiments, reported it without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred so much of
the President's message as relates to the opening
of diplomatic relations with the republics of Hayti
and Liberia, reported a bill (S. No. 184) to au-
thorize the President of the United States to ap-
point diplomatic representatives to the republics
of Hayti and Liberia, respectively; which was
read, and passed to a second reading-.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Charles Hunter, a lieutenant in the Navy of the
United States, on the leave of absence list, pray-
ing to be restored to active service, submitted a
report, accompanied by a joint resolution (S. No.
43) to authorize the President of the United States
to restore Lieutenant Charles Hunter to the active
service list of the Navy; which was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. NicoLAT,his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 31st day of January last, an act (S. No. 169)
to authorize the President of the United States, in
certain cases, to take possession of railroad and
telegraph lines, and for other purposes.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
185) to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean, and to secure to Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the select committee on the Pacific rail-
road.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, their Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the joint resolution (S. No.
41) in relation to allotment certificates of pay to
persons held as prisoners of war in the so-called
confederate States.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the ieport of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R.No. 150) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1863,
and additional appropriations tor the year ending
30th June, 1862.
GENERAL LANIi's EXPEDITION.
Mr. POWELL. I move to suspend all prior
orders and take up the House bill to abolish the
franking privilege.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will yield to me for a moment, to call
up a resolution.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. *1 introduced a resolution of
inquiry yesterday morning, which was laid over
under the rules. I should like to have it consid-
ered at this time.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the Senator from Kan-
sas to allow that resolution to lie over for to-day,
I desire to see it before I vote upon it. I presume
we shall get it in the Globe to-day. From my
recollection of it as it was read by the Secretary
yesterday, I propose to offer some reasons why
the resolution should not be adopted by the Sen-
ate, and I would prefer that it should he over for
the present.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to oblige the
gentleman from Virginia, but this resolution was
read and printed yesterday. It was in all the pa-
pers yesterday, and I think every Senator has
had an opportunity to know what it is.
Mr. CARLILE. It was only offered yester-
day.
Mr. POMEROY. It was printed yesterday.
Mr. CARLILE. I have not seen it.
Mr. POMEROY. There are some reasons why
I should like the early consideration of the matter.
I have made two or three efforts to get an expla-
nation in regard to this command, and I intro-
duced this resolution at the suggestion of the Sec-
retary of War. The Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Wilkinson] was with me when the sug-
gestion was made.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following lesolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be ditected to com-
municate to the Senate, if not, in his judgment, incompati-
ble with the public interest, the oideiss, supplies, and amount
of force given or to be given to the military command in
service in Kansas; whether the same is to be commanded
by Geneial Lane or some other peison; and whether any
change in the oideis to that department have been made
since General Lane left this citv to assume the duties of his
office; and whether the following order, purporting to bo
from General Ilunter, is in accordance with instructions
leceived trom the Wai Department here :
" In the expedition about to be started south fiotn this
department, called in the new^p<ipci.< Geneial Lane's ex-
pedition, it is the intention of the major genera! command-
ing this depaitment to command m person, unless other-
wise expressly ordered by the Government.
"Transportation not having been supplied, we must go
without it.
"All tents, trunks, chests, chan-, camp tables, camp
ciothc, &e., must be at once slored or abandoned. The
geneial commanding takes in his valise but one change of
clothing, and no officer or soldiei will cariy moie. The
surplus loom in the knapsack mu^t be reseiveil foi ammu-
nition and provisions. Kveiy otlicci and soldier will cany
his own clothing and bedding.
11 The general commanding lias applied to the Govern-
ment for six hrigadiei generriN fiom the senior eoloneK To
enable htm to do this m accordant with the older on the
subject, each colonel will immediately icpoit the date on
which he was mustered mto the service of the I'ldted States.
"J>. IIUNTKR,
" Major Geneial Commanding.'''
Mr. WILKINSON. I was with the Senator
from Kansas on Saturday last when he was talk-
ing with the Secretary of War in relation to this
command. The Secretary suggested to the Sen-
ator that a resolution of inquiry should be intro-
duced m the Senate, and that he would be very
glad to communicate all the information he had
on the subject.
Mr. IIA'LE. Then let us pass it.
Mr. CARLILE. Of course, sir, if this reso-
lution has been introduced by the Senator fiom
Kansas in obedience to a request made by the
Secretary of War, I shall offer no opposition to
its adoption; but 1 should like to know what ac-
tion is proposed to be taken by the Senate upon
obtaining the information sought by this resolu-
tion. Is it proposed that Congress shall under-
take the direction of this war ? Is it right or proper
that the arrangements that may be made by the
authorities directing the war should be disclosed
to the country, the command in every department
published to the land, with the number of forces
that may be assigned to the command or to the
various expeditions? As to the particular com-
mand which this resolution looks to, I have seen
I something stated in the papeis; but I knownoth- ;
|| ing officially of any movement 111 the direction in !
  winch the papers say the command is to be sent, ;
:j or by whom it is to be governed or controlled,
i As I remarked, if the call is made at the instance
| of the Secretary of War, I, of course, shall offer
I 110 opposition to it; but I should like to be in-
! formed what course is to be taken by the Senate
-i upon this information being furnished.
IS The resolution was adopted.
IKON-CLAD GUNBOATS.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, there is a very
important bill lying on your table which has been
there for a great while. I have tried several times
to get it up, but failed, as it gave rise to debate.
I move now to take up that bill for consideration,
and I pledge the Senate that it will not take any
time when I make a statement in regard to it after
it is taken up. It is House bill No. 153, fcr the
construction of iron-clad gunboats.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (IX. R. No.
153) to authorize the construction of twenty iron-
clad steam gunboats; the pending question being
on the first amendment of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to strike out" Secretary of the Navy "
m the third line, and to insert " President."
Mr. HALE. I will make a very brief statement
in regard to the action I propose to the Senate to
take upon this bill. It will be perceived by refer-
ence to the pi intud bill that the Senate Committee
on Naval Affairs proposed two amendments to
the bill as it came from the House. While those
amendments were tinderdiscussion,on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] the bill was postponed for the purpose of
sendinga resolution ofinquiry to the Secretary of
the Navy in regard to the matters involved in one
of the amendments. The resolution was adopted,
and in the course of a week the Secretary sent us
a letter. That letter was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and that committee have an-
swered it. The report of the committee raises an
issue with the Secretary of the Navy; but they do
not wish at this urgency of public affairs to em-
barrass the action of the Senate upon this bill with
that controversy; and therefore the course I pro-
pose to take is to abandon both the amendments
to the bill, and to ask the Senate to do me the favor
to assign Friday next at one o'clock when they
will hear me upon the report of the committee. I
desire to withdraw both the amendments proposed
by the committee, and let the Senate pass the bill
as it came from the House. I have the unani-
mous approval of the committee in asking leave
to withdraw the amendments that were proposed
by them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Senator from New Hampshire
requests, on the part of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, leave to withdiaw the amendment reported
by theui to tin: bill undei consideration. (Jnless
objected to, it will be considered the sense of the
Senate that the committee have leave to withdraw
those amendments. The Chair hears no objection,
and the amendments aie withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr.MORRILL. Mr. President, the bill comes
from the Naval Committee without any statement
of facts or accompanying papers, that I know of,
and without any explanatory statements from the
committee touching the subject-matter, and the
Senate will not fail to perceive at a glance that it
is a measure of very great moment. It proposes
the construction of twenty iron-clad steamers, an
expeiiment novel to naval architecture among all
the nations of the earth, and particularly so in this
country.
The construction of iron-clad steamers is no-
where, that I know of, approved by any of the na-
tions of the eaith; it has been nowhere attempted,
except as an experiment. So far as I have been
able to learn, from the brief" opportunity I have
had to examine the subject, England entered upon
the experiment of constructingiron-clad steamers
in 1855, constructing at that time five or six of the
class here proposed. In I860, France also hav-
ing entered upon the construction of this kind of
steamers, the attention of England was again at-
tracted to the matter, and a naval board was in-
stituted by the Admnalty to inquire into it; and
upon the most careful and elaborate examination
of the whole subject, that board reported that the
whole thing, both in France and England, was
but an experiment, was a doubtful experiment;
and that, so far as its history in England was
concerned, it had proved a failure.
That I understand to be the condition of this
enterprise in England atthis moment. I am aware,
Mr. President, that England lias since, notwith-
standing this report, undertaken the construction
of one or two, or perhaps two or three, iron-clad
