2602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
from New Hampshire on my right can take to
himself any monopoly of praise for denying the
whole offensive'pretension of property in man. Is
he more earnest than many other Senators? Is
he more earnest than the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania near me? Is he more earnest in this denial
than lam? Hasjie denied it oftener in debate
on this floor or in public speech than I have? To
me the whole pretense is as absurd as it is wicked.
A, man may as well undertake to claim property
in a star as to claim property in his fellow-man.
And yet, sir, while this is my conviction, I can-
not forget that I am here as a Senator to legislate
with regard to existing institutions, and to see
things as they are. I cannot be blind to the fact
of slavery. Slavery exists as a monstrous fact, as
an enormity, if you please, but still it exists; and
as a legislator I am to act with reference to its ex-
istence. Am I not right? Can I presume on this
occasion to be guided by my inner conviction that
there is no property in man, when, looking to the
slave States, I am compelled to see the great un-
questionable fact of property? No, sir; to my
mind, it is more practical to recognize the fact and
to proceed accordingly.
But the Senator from Illinois insists that this is
a capitation tax, and he reads to me the text of
the Constitution. What is a capitation tax? The
precise definition in Webster's Dictionary, if the
Senator will excuse mc for going to an authority
which is not a law book—the precise definition of
capitation is " a tax or imposition upon each head
or person; a poll tax." That, sir, is a capitation
tax. It was.with legard to such a tax as this that
the provision of the Constitution which the Sen-
ator has read was adopted. This provision is not
applicable to any other tax, but simply to this
special tax.
I have alrendy reminded the Senator that he has
voted to tax auctioneers, to tax jugglers, to tax
the slaughterers of cattle, and to tax lawyers. I
might add many other classes. I now propose
that he should lax the claimants of slaves, a class
offensive to reason and humanity. That is all. If
you look at the census of 1850—that of 1860 is not
yet published—you will find among the different
classes of our population the following: mariners,
70,000—I will not give the hundreds—merchants,
100,000; planters, 27,000; wheelwrights, 30,000;
teachers000; tailors,52,000; overseers, 18,000;
lawyers, 23,000; farmers, 2,363,000; slavehold-
ers, 350,000.
Now, str, would any one say that a tax on the
business of the mariner was a capitation tax?
Would any one say that a tax on the business of
the merchant, of whom we have one hundred
thousand, was a capitation tax? Would any one
say that a tax on the business of the planter was
a capitation tax? That a lax on the business of
the wheelwright was a capitation tax^ that a tax
on the business of teachers was a capitation tax;
that a tax on the business of tailors was a capita-
tion tax; that a tax on the business of overseers
of plantations, those who apply the lash, of whom
theie are eighteen thousand, was a capitation tax;
that a tax on lawyers, already voted for by the
Senator from llhiois.wasa capitation tax; that a
tax on farmers if you will, of whom, happily, we
have two million thr^e hundred and sixty-three
thousand, was a capitation tax? A nd will any one
say that a tax on slaveholders, of whom, unhap-
pily, we have three hundred and fifty thousand, is
a capitation tax? Poisons may imagine it to be
a capitation tax; persons may call it a capitation
tax; but no imaginations and no energy of assertion
can make it a capitation tax. It is not a capita-
tion tax. It is a tax on the claim of the slave-
master m the bones and muscles, the labor and
the service of his fellow-man, and so far as the
tax can have any influence it must disci edit and
discourage such a claim. Therefore, sir, I say
confidently that the tax is in every respect consti-
tutional, and it is also a tax well worthy of adop-
tion, because at a moment when slavery stands
revealed to us as the very pest of our land, it will
opeiate to discredit and discourage it.
In no other way can you obtain so much rev-
enue so easily and so beneficently. But if you
refuse to impose this tax, you concede a special
immunity to a most offensive pretension, and leave
those who profit by it to gather their profits with-
out any of that tax which is so freely imposed
upon the honest industry of the country and upon
so many classes of our citizens.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, there are two
kinds of taxation, and the line which divides
them is very clear and distinct. It seems they
were known to those who framed the Constitu-
tion. The first may be called direct or compul-
sory taxation. When it islevied upon a man, it
is either levied upon his head, or upon some ar-
ticle of property which he possesses as a perma-
nent thing, in enjoyment—lands, tenements, and
hereditaments, if you please. The other kind of
taxation is voluntary and indirect, and is imposed
upon the consumption of the country, and may
be evaded by the tax payer by avoiding the con-
sumption of the article upon which it is imposed.
This piovision in the Constitution was not only
wise, fair, and salutary, but, in the nature of
things, it was necessary to be made, whether hon-
orable Senators are willing to understand it or not.
If a union of all the States was to be formed, and
was to be maintained, it was perfectly clear at that
time, as it is now, that it could not be so formed
and could not be so maintained as to be entirely
and all the time under the governance of a major-
ity; that was necessary in order to secure the
formation of the fabric, and its permanence after
it was formed, that a written compact or agree-
mcntshould be made by which the majority should
agree not to do certain things which were men-
tioned therein. That protection was required
against Pennsylvania; it was required against
New York;it was required againstthe great States
in favor of the small; it was required against the
North m favor of the South; and it was required
in favor of the West against the East at that time.
Then, sir, if we intend to preserve the Union,
if we intend to sustain it as it was established, it
is utterly idle to talk about doing it in any other
way than upon the footing of that bargain which,
at the time of the formation of the Constitution,
was solemnly made and ratified by all the people;
and the man who supposes he can sustain it in
any other way, or that its bonds exist anywhere
else, is a madman, and has his shoulder at the
very pillar of the temple erected by his fathers,
and which, if he could prevail, he would overturn.
Then, sir, I ask what was that bargain ? What
did the men who made it understand by it? What
did the wise and learned men who canic after them
teach us of it? What did Massachusetts teach us?
What did that wise and learned man, at whose
feet, as I understand, with so little profit, the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts sat, teach us
concerning it? The grave is over him now; he is
not here to mingle in this strife and to take part
m it, swayed or moved by the conflicting passions
of the hour; but clcar and calm in his chamber,
making that great record for posterity, for us un-
worthy descendants of such men, how did he un-
derstand this ? Can any man doubt? And who
dares to stand up here in the American Senate, at
this day, and in the face of all that teaching, to
utter new and heretical doctrines which strike at
the very foundation of our Constitution, and which
are to-day sapping and undermining and doing
as much to destroy them almost as the rebellion
itself.
1 ask again, Mr. President, what was the bar-
gain ? Tlie bargain was that the indirect taxation,
if uniform, might be levied anywhere, that three
fifths of it might be collected at New York, if it
so happened, as it is now collccted. I have heard
it stated here, and have no doubt it is true, that
three fifihs of the revenues of the country levied
by indirect taxation are to-day collected at the
city of New York. Does any man suppose that
this Union would endure for an hour if we levied
three fifths of the revenue which is to support the
Government out of the city of New York by direct
taxation, or even out of the State of New York ?
No; but every man does know that, although at
present the revenue is levied there, yet that being
a levy indirectly on the consumption of the coun-
try, voluntary in its payment on the part of the
consumer, it is just as fair to levy three fifths of
it at New York as to distribute its collection all
over the territory of the Union.
Sir, that is indirect taxation. Does any man
suppose that the direct taxes to be assessed upon
the country could be assessed in any such way
as that? Can you assess more upon New York
than her share? Liet me remind Senators that the
main spring which was uncoiled in the American
Revolution, which set it going, and which made
it, was in the principle that taxation and represent-
ation must be equal and go hand in hand together
in order that the people should enjoy liberty.
Then it was agreed in the Constitution you may
levy your indirect taxes wherever you please, but
when you come to levy a tax upon the permanent
things of the country—the heads of the people,
which all men must wear; the homes of the peo-
ple, which all men must have; which are notarti-
cles of voluntary consumption, but articles ne-
cessary to actual existence—that must be levied
according to representation. I say here to-day
there is no power in this Government, unless it is
done by trampling upon that original compact, to
go into any representative district of this country
and levy more than its fare share of a direct tax.
If you undertake to levy a tax upon heads, the
same tax must be levied in a congressional dis-
trict in the city of New York that is levied in a
congressional district in the backwoods of Wis-
consin or Minnesota; and if you levy a tax upon
lands, the same tax ad valorem must be levied in
the one place as the other; and why? For the
simple reason, the simplest of all reasons, it is
fair and just; and our ancestors, above all men,
when they made the Constitution, were not afraid
to be just. They feared nobody. They feared
no brawling, pot-house patriots at home, inflamed
by ignorant and stupid misrepresentations and
partial and sectional considerations which govern
small-beer and petty politicians. They were mei)
who were large enough to see over the whole
country and to take the wants of the whole coun-
try into consideration, and to weigh and appreciate
the advantages of a united country to all the peo-
ple, even those who supposed that they were only
doing their duty to themselves and their constit-
uents when they were legislating with a micro-
scopic eye to the particular benefits to be derived
by some township, or county, or district, or State
which had the misfortune to send them here to
represent its local interests.
They adopted the principle, then, because it
was fair, and to violate it is to do everything
which is unfair. If you undertake to lay a tax
upon the heads of the people, you must lay it upon
the heads of all the people, and then it will be a
constitutional capitation tax. A poll tax, laid
upon the heads of but few people, is unconsti-
tutional, although it is equally a capitation tax.
The aigument of those who say that unless you
levy it on the heads of all the people it is not a
capitation tax, and this, not being so levied, is
therefore not one, is arguing in a vicious circle,
and is making no more headway than a kitten is
when it is chasing its own tail. A capitation tax
is forbidden by the Constitution unless it is levied
on the heads of the whole people; therefore there
is 110 capitation tax unless it is levied on the heads
of the whole people! An impossible mischief is
provided for by an absurd remedy in a solemn
instrument,created for theestablishmcnt ofaGov-
ernment which is to control the destinies of thirty
millions of people. Can any one tell what kind
of capitation tax is forbidden by the Constitution,
if it is not a partial one ? It declares noire shall
be laid unless according to the last census, or upon
all heads; is that not to forbid all laid upon a few
heads?
Now, I say, Mr. President, you can no more
impose a tax upon the heads of slaves than you
can impose a tax upon the heads of wives; and
the advocates of this measure might just as well
come into the Senate and ask us to impose a tax
of two dollars upon every husband having a wife.
All this is a mere evasion of the Constitution; about
the same as Sancho Panza resorted to when lie
agreed to lash himself m a certain number of lashes
to get the devil out of Don Q.uixote.
Now, sir, what is this but an evasion to say"
that you may tax the claim that the owner of a
negro has to his services? It was well put by the
Senator from Wisconsin, who was ever expected
to pay the capitation tax upon a negro, unless it
was his master? The question was not answered;
it cannot be answered. Then I say if you can, by
this kind of subterfuge, avoid this principle of
the Constitution, you may impose a tax upon the
wife of every man in the community, and say it
is not a capitation tax; it is not upon the lieau of
the wife; it is upon the head of the husband be-
cause he is entitled to the product of his wife's
labor; you may go further; you may impose it
upon all the minors throughout the country, or
rather upon the parents of those minors who are
