THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
the subtile and artificial reasonings of the books
and courts, and find the law with us; while others
Have laboriously mined back into the dark and
crooked legislation of dark and crooked men for
the last h u ndred an d fi fty dark and crooked years,
'to establish, with such luck as God permits, the
rightfulness of slavery here, and an absence of
power to thus deaf with it. I have no part in these
Jaborsj nor do I sympathize with them or their
fruits; nor do I care a rag whether their results
are for or against me
I find here a clear God's truth that needs con-
gressional utterance. I find a great right calling
for legislative establishment. I find our weak
and faulty organs equal to the utterance of this
truth, all unused to it as they are. I find power
ample to establish this right, and for these reasons
and for no other, I propose to speak the truth and
establish the right. I propose to so do this right
thing as to neither compromise it or ourselves. I
seek for this doing neither apology or excuse.
I may here say a word upon this matter of the
responsibility of the free States for the existence
of slavery. Whatever may be said or claimed
as to their responsibility for it in the States—and
upon that I have had my say—thoy are responsi-
ble for it here—here at the nation's heart, upon
which it sits like an atrophy, causing it to send
the stagnant and corrupted blood through the lan-
guishing extremities, and carrying disease in its
sluggish flood wherever that flows. They are
responsible for its indwelling at the inner sanc-
tuary, and its hideous ministrations at the holiest
altar of the national temple; for its being permitted
to fasten and hang foul and ugly upon the imper-
sonated nation's brow, amid the gibes and jeers
of the universe.
For generations this slavery has rioted in its
obscene rites in this capital, while this clear and
unquestioned power has all that time existed in
Congress for its extirpation. Generations of this
race—our subjects within our admitted power to
protect—have been born, and have groaned and
died m shackles under the shadow of this dome,
and their blood weighs heavy on the national ai m
that now smites a nation's transgressions, and
receives itself the blow it deals.
Think of it. Think of it. And yet learned and
grave men stand hen* to argue that we should still
trudge and stagger on under tins fearful load. For
one i will nut, nor shall my people.
Did our fathers or our States or our people or
ourselves occupy a different relation to slavery,
there is one feature of tlus bill to which 1 would
never consent—the provision foi compensation,
not to the slave for his generation of unpaid labor,
but to the master from whom we take him, purely
and solely because he never had any right to hold
him. Change, turn, analyze, or sophisticate this
provision as you may, to pay the slaveholder for
the deprivation of his slave is in some essential way
to recognize the rightfulness of his claim. But
when I remember thatourfathersand yours were
alike guilty for the establishment of this thing,
that they and we have conjointly tolerated its ex-
istence, that our own States enact laws that more
or less sustain it, with an abashed countenance
and humiliated mien and with bated breath I give
my assent to this provision. There is, however,
ono feature that I will not consent to—the appro-
priation for the removal and colonization of the
freed men. I do not now propose to discuss the
vast question of the ultimate disposition of the
race. Whatever arguments may be urged in favor
of colonizing the whole colored population of this
country, the proposition as applied to this frag-
ment is, in my judgment, without force. And
while I would to-day, was the power mine, un-
hesitatingly make free every slave on the conti-
nent, X would not undertake to-day to say how T
would ultimately dispose of them. JNor does it
well lie in the mouths of slaveholders to cavil in
advance as to their disposition. If I found a rob-
ber in possession of my property I should not
long argue with him what disposition I should
make of it. I should lesume it. The question,
however, is one of the most.momontous that can
be proposed. Nor are us'prupoundeis to be si-
lenced by sharp woids. To free twelve or fifteen
hundred slaves is but to add so many to the free
colored population of the country—a matter in
itself of no moment.
But to emancipate four millions is to change
the status of the race, and our relations to it-, and
men may well feel the profoundest anxiety for
the result. Such entire confidence have I, how-
ever, that the result could not be disastrous, that I
would fearlessly commit the country to its conse-
quences; and while I have my own views as to the
proper course, I would, nevertheless, trust much
to the instructions and suggestions of the new
state of things, for I know that new lights and new
avenues would open up; and I know that men
nor nations have ever permanently suffered for
doing acts of justice.
Those who would defer emancipation until a
satisfactory plan for the disposition of the slaves
is devised, would do well to contemplate the ulti-
mate catastrophe to both races, if this scheme of
slavery should go forward unchanged fifty or a
hundred years more, when our system could no
longer sustain its weight.
What strange passages the sayings and doings
of the American Congress of this year of grace
will furnish to the page of history—that now,
when this thing of slavery is tumbling to ruins
about us, of self-begotten rottenness, men can
still be found so blind and stupid and fanatic, as
to seek to stay and prop it up. There is not a
man living that dares arise hero and say that he
does not know that slavery is utterly all wrong.
Nor can a man here bo found that will say that he
does not believe that it is some time to end; nor
when that end is reached it may not be through
convulsion, anarchy, and blood. But yet now,
when that fearful end draws nigh, through these
fearfulparoxysms, which cata neither be mistaken
nor denied, men, whose dearest interests are most
involved, stand with their alhesm blind infatuation,
and raise their paralytic hands to push the calam-
ity by, will not believe it is upon them, and hold
those to be their bitterest foes who implore and
beseech them to care for and provide for their own
and the common welfare.
Like a tigress stealing upon her prey, and fall-
ing into the hunter's toils, that, in her great ag-
ony, whelps there her young, this slavery, over-
whelmed in its progress, spawned into the world
this atrocious lebeilion and war. And these,her
offspring, like Milton's hell-hounds, born of sin,
turn ever to tear and devour the hag that gave
them birth. And these men and theiralhes would
lull and hush this howling brood to peace and
quiet that they might again nurse the dam. It
matters nothing what we say, and little what we
do. This war, "without compromise or cessation,
will go forwaid till its beneficent end is accom-
plished through its own appointed means.
Every day of its continuance, every delay, every
dragging moment, makes this end the more inev-
itable. Every step on slave soil, every battle
fought, no matter with what temporary result,
every musket fired, every sword brandished, every
soldier that suffers, and every heart that mourns,
but make this resultthe moreabsolute. Our early
disasters, Bull Run and Ball's Bluff, the death of
Lyon and the removal of Fremont, shall all bear
rich fruits; and the breeze that mournfully lifts
the flag of the drowned Cumberland, where the
bittei salt sea quenched the noblest hearts that
ever burned with American heroism, shall yet bear
to earth'sends the legend of a continent made free.
Doos any man dare wish that the battle-fields
that have drunk the blood of our brave and beau-
tiful ones should ever again be printed with a let-
tered foot?
Think of slaves tilling the valley of Bull linn
or the fire-girt field where Baker fell; of their turn-
ing up and grinning at the bones of the young
heroes of the North around Donelson. Fancy
the taskmaster lashing his bondmen to toil on the
nameless plains of the far-off Tennessee, gorged
with the red, rich, free, proud, bounding hlood of
the Northwest; a spot to rank among the battle-
fields of the world, where was lost and won a great
destiny, which shall forever bear the footprint of
a gieat nation in its forward march. Do gentle-
men cxpcct to see slaves hoeing corn there ?
It is most fitting that while the Army marches
to the restoration of the national power, over the
form of fallen slavery, and tramps its life out, that
the solemn lustration of the nation'scapital should
he performed by our hands; that these fetters
should dissolve m our breath, so that when our
country again confronts her sister nations,though
her feet should still be ensanguined with the
mingled blood of her filial and parricidal children,
she may present her counlcnance in cloudless
though saddened beauty, purged of its hideous
deformity by her own unconstrained hand.
There coulfl be no moment so propitious for this
great beneficence as this, preceded, as it is, by the
prophetic voice of the Executive, whose calm and
serene utterance has more startled the world than
the great convulsion from whose bosom he spoke.
Make haste to complete this great act, and it shall
proclaim itself to the waiting and oppressed of the
earth as the realized gospel of deliverance. The
yellow waves of the Potomac, in their downward
flow to the sea, shall whisper in liquid murmurs
to the great sleeper on its banks that the city that
bears his name is now worthy of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I do not mistake, it is
quite apparent that when this bill shall be put on
its final passageitwill proclaim liberty to the slaves
within this District. These men—for God created
them men, though man has used them as goods
and chattels—slaves—these men and women and
children will, when the President of the United
States signs this bill, be translated from the con-
dition in which they had no rights for which this
nation has had any respect into that condition in
which they are invested with the rights of freemen,
upon which none can trespass with impunity;
since over the person of the free black as well as the
free white man there is thrown the broad shield
of the nation's majesty. As at the siege of Luck-
now the famished, despairing prisoner laid his ear
to the ground, and as he heard the heavy tramp,
precursor of the approach of the army of deliver-
ance, sprang to. his feet, and shouted, they are
coming! we are* saved!—so at last the heart of
the slave is gladdened by this assurance that the
hour of his deliverance and salvation is now.
In 1833, the Presbyterian synod of South Car-
olina and Georgia, in a published document, de-
clare, speaking of slavery and its debasing influ-
ence in those States:
" Wp aie chained to a putrid carcass. It sickens and
destroys us. We have a milhtoue about the necks of our
society to <-ink us deep in thr* sea of vice. Our ehildien
arecoiMiptcd from their infancy; nor can we pievent it.
Many an anxious parent, like the missionaries in foreign
lands, wishes that his ehildien could be brought up beyond
the influence of the dcpiaved heathen. Nor is this influ-
ence confined to mere ohiidhood. If that were all, it would
bo tremendous. But it follows us into jouth, manhood,
and old aco. In all out mteicouive with the staves, we aie
undeigoing a proee>s of intellectual and moial deteriora-
tion, and jlivqtines almost superhuman effoits to main-
tain .i high lauding cither fot intelligence or piety."
This witness is true, or there is no truth in
human testimony.
What slavciy was and is in the two principal
slave States, it is, from its very nature, wherever it
exists, a " putrid carcass,"" a millstone about the
neck of society to sink it deep in the sea of vice."
That we shall rid the social system of this Dis-
trict from that which is so sickening and destruc-
tive by the passage of this bill, is an effect lor
which the word ''emancipated ''should be written
upon the door-posts of every house within this
District, and upon every gate.
Sir, to-day prophecy is being fulfilled. On the
night of the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill, it was said of"it by one whose name will live,
whose memory will he dear forever for his life-
long efforts to have the black race recognized as
belonging to the brotherhood of man:
" Hut there is another side to winch I gladly turn. Sir,
it is the best hill on winch Congress ever acted; lorit pre-
paies the way toi that-All Hail llereaftei.' when slaveiy
mu*t disappear. 11 annuls ail past compromise^ w ith sla-
very, and makes all tutuie conipiomises impossible. Thus
it puts freedom and slavery face to face, and bids them
ciapple. Who can doubt the result? It opens wide the door
of the iutui e, when, at hist. theie will really be a Noith,
and the slave powei will he broken; when this wretched
despotism will cease to dominate over our Government, no
longer impressing itself upon all that it does, at home and
abioad; when the national Government shall be dtvoiced
in eveiy wav from slavery; and, according to the true in-
tention of our fathers, freedom shall be established by Cou-
eress oveiywheie, n least beyond the local limits of the
States. , ^
"Slavery will then be driven trom its usurped foothold
heie in the Distnet oi Columbia; in the national Teiuto-
ries and elsewheie beneath the national flag; the fugitive
slave bill, as odious as it i* unconstitutional, will become a
dead lettei ; and the domestic slave tiade, so far as it can
be reached, but especially on the high seas, will be blasted
by congressional piohibitmn. Eveiywiieie within the spheie
of Congress the great northern hammer will descend to
smite this wrong; and the nresi&tible cry will bieak forth,
4 No moie slave States !'
"Thus,sn. now standing at the very grave of freedom in
Kansas and Nebraska, I find assuiauees of that happy les-
unection by which lieedom will be secuied hen*after, not
only in the.se Te intones, but eveiy where under the national
Government. Moie clcaily than ever befoie I now see
