1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
entitled to the proceeds of their labor. In such
cases it becomes evident to every one that this
tax would fall with unequal severity and great
unfairness. It was that against which the Con-
stitution provided. It was that against which it
was intended to provide. And look at the injus-
tice of this proposition as it is now offered. Is
this taxation ad valorem ? If you are pleased to
call it a tax upon property, who ever heard of
ding to
' friend
  you were to tax his two
and three dollar lands at the same rate that you tax
the sixty, eighty, and one hundred dollar lands of
the eastern States?
Mr. HOWE. Let me remind my friend from
Pennsylvania that you have got a quarto volume
here crammed full of taxation that is not accord-
ing to the value, scarcely a particle of it, but alto-
gether specific upon almost every article.
Mr. CLARK. The tax on coal is not ad va-
lorem; it is so much per ton.
Mr. COWAN. What I meant to say referred
to direct and not to indirect taxes. Indirect taxes
are not imposed with a view to the value of the
article. They may be specific for many purposes,
and for good reasons. The indiiect taxes in this
bill are specific upon whisky. Why? Because
whisky is an article which is supposed on the
part of all good people to minister to the vices of
the community, and therefore it may be taxed
twenty cents a gallon, which is far more than its
real value.
Again, there is a tax upon tobacco of far more
than its actual value; and why? Because that, on
the part of other good people, is supposed to feed
a vice in the community, and by putting a burden
upon it in the shape of a tax, instead of doing
mischief it will do good, and lessen the consump-
tion. The same of other things. But when a
direct tax is to be levied, if it is a capitation tax,
it must be levied on all the heads of the people,
except that in counting, five negro heads only
count the same as three white. If it is a direct
tax on land that tax must be uniform, and it must
be levied according to the value of the land.
Now, look at this proposed tax here on the sub-
ject of negroes if taxed as property so considered.
A slave that is worth about fifteen hundred dollars
is taxed two dollars; a slave^ that is old and de-
crepit and who depends on his master for his liv-
ing in his old age, who is worth nothing, but is
really a burden to him, is taxed two dollars. The
provision we had up the other day exempted all
those over and under certain ages; but this is a
sweeping clausc taxing the infant as well as the
slave in old age, and paying no regard whatever
to the value of them to the master. Now, this was
the very thing which was intended to be corrected
by this provision; it was the bargain that was
made; and the man who is unwilling to stand upon
that bargain and stand upon it religiously, even
without swearing to it at the desk, to stand to it
as it has been understood by the country, under-
stood by the great men of the country who have
expounded it, should stop at once and say " I am
no Union man; I do not want the Union," be-
cause that is the effect of it. That contract is the
Union, and nothing else is the Union; and when
you touch it in any way, you strike at the Union.
What do the rebels want? They want to get rid
of the contract. What does the man want who
violates this Constitution in any one of its partic-
ulars? He wants to get rid of it also, and to set
his foot upon it. Then I hope that this amend-
ment will be thrown out, because of all others
which have been made to this bill perhaps it will
attract most attention; of all others it is the most
•mischievous just at this time; of all others it is one
which Jefferson Davis himself, if he was in the
Senate and desired to sustain and support this
rebellion, would himself make.
I may say that I think from the time that abo-
lition first became a subject of discussion in the
country, I never heard an abolitionist make a
speech that he did not state this as an advantage
on the part of the South, that when a capitation
tax was laid you could only tax three fifths of the
slaves, while at the same time all whites must be
taxed by it. I never heard such a speech made in
which it was notstated that that was one of the ad-
vantages,and one of the unjust advantages, which
the South had over the North, in the making of the
Constitution, and everybody now understands it
as thus construed. Suppose it to be so; suppose that
it is an advantage, and suppose it is an unjust ad-
vantage, is there any man who dares here to say
that at this time of the nation's calamity he is will-
ing to avoid it ? It is well understood through the
North; it is well understood through the South;
and I would ask, in all candor, what better weapon
could be put in the mouths of men who desire to
exasperate the southern people against us, and
desire to compact them in one solid body against
us, than to tell them, " these Yankees, these fel-
lows from New England, do they care about the
Constitution ? Look and see the Senator from
Massachusetts, the pupil of Story, the repre-
sentative of the land of Adams, of Hancock, of
Q,uincy, and of all the great names which have
hallowed it heretofore, in the Senate of the United
States, proposes to put a capitation tax upon our
negro slaves, and a majority of the Senate, regard-
less of the received interpretation of the Consti-
tution for seventy years, regardless of everything
except taking counsel of their resentment, pass
it." What better weapon, I say, could you put
into the mouth of the rebel in order to array the
whole southern people against us, from one end of
the South to the other, than this? They went to
war with us when it was only asserted we would
violate the Constitution. Now it is expected to
stop them by proof that we have violated it.
I say, Mr. President, that in my humble judg-
ment, to get over the bad effects of a step of this
kind, to retrieve it on the battle-field will cost us
the lives of thousands of our brothers and our
sons and our neighbors who are there to suppress
this rebellion. What do you gam by it? What
is expected to be gained by it, I ask? Is it to tax
the rebellion ? The very men who advocate it,
those who stand up here most stoutly in its favor
are also the advocates of another measure—that
of emancipation and confiscation—which would
liberate the slaves of all rebels, which would de-
stroy the very source and fountain of this taxa-
tion and revenue. If the emancipation scheme
succeeds which they have in view, I should like
to know what rebel will have a slave to tax; and
then this unconstitutional, this unjust, and this
unfair discrimination in this case operates against
the friends who have stood by you in all weathers,
in good and evil times, the men who have been
patriotic where there is merit in being patriotic.
What merit has a man for being a patriot in the
New England States, in New York, in Pennsyl-
vania, or in the western States ? It is easy for a
man to talk patriotically when he has a whole
State at his back, urging him on; but where the
State is divided, where it is rent, torn by internal
dissension, where the hand of father is against
son, and son against father, where neighbor is
arrayed against neighbor, where all the evil ele-
ments of a commotion like this are loose, riding
upon the air, there I think that a Union man who
stands firmly proves his patriotism; he has merit,
and merit higher—I trust I may say it without
any offense—than that to which we can lay claim;
and this tax, this discriminating tax is to fall upon
the heads of those men. This is to be done in
despite of the men who are sent here to represent
that class of men; and why? Is it to be done
because revenue is to be raised from it? Nobody
expects revenue from it. Is it because it fails on
the head of the rebel ? If it were, the same men
who are desiring to impose it with one hand would
destroy and seal up the fountain of it with the
other. It must be done, therefore, on accountof
some supposed aid it will give us in carrying on
the war; but how this can be expected to result
no one can say, while others are very sure it will
be mischievous.
I think that it is unjust to the loyal men of the
South, unjust to the Union menofthe South, who
have stood up there in these terrible hours of trial
m our behalf, and worth nothing against rebels.
It is unjust to the representatives of those men
who come here. I ask what would the Senator
from Massachusetts or the Senator from Illinois
say if a majority upon the other side of the House
were to attempt, against their protests, to drive
away from them their constituents, and make
them unpopular at home, and make a rebellion
successful, which they had struggled with and
endeavored to suppress? Would it be fair, would
it be manly, would it be just? Is the two dollars
a head the consideration ?
Mr. President, I am sorry to say that I have
lost all faith in believing that such are the con-
siderations which move measures of this kind,.I
may be told, as I have been/that'I reproach, the
Senate. Very welI;T intendto reproach it; and
now what is to be done about it? It may be said
that I lecture the Senate. Well, I mean to lecture
them, if that is the phrase. It may be said that I
am dogmatic. Well, I intend to be dogmatic, too.
Mr. WADE. All but the "matic."
Mr. COWAN. When the honorable Senator
settles the account%which he now has pending
with a colleague in the other House, it may be
necessary for me to answer his jibes or his taunts;
but until that is done, I presume he will excuse
pie from paying the smallest attention-to them.
That feeble kind of wit, shafts aimed in that way,
fall short. I am not thus to be deterred here from
saying what I have a right to say, and what, I
trust, I will always say fearlessly and freely here
and everywhere. When I say that I intend to be
dogmatic, I mean that I intend to express my opin-
ions freely, firmly, and squarely. When I say I
intend to lecture, I mean that I intend to take up
any man's argument made here upon this floor,
and destroy it if ] can. But I tiust, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I shall never so far forget what I owe
to my brother Senators, what I owe to myself, as
to say anything which even remotely can be con-
strued into a personal offense to them. I would
be free, free as the air I breathe, and I would have
them free also. What I say, and what I advance
here, is public property. Let it be assailed, let
it be gnawed at, torn topicces,and I am content.
I claim the same privilege of doing that as to what
another says; but as to personality, I trust I shall
always avoid that; yet I am a peison like all
other men, ready, I trust, at all proper times and
upon all proper occasions to defend that person
according to the old English formula, as to life,
liberty, body, health, and reputation. I hope
this amendment will be thrown out.
Mr. WADE. I have very carefully abstained
from making any argument on this bill. I have
listened respectfully to the arguments that have
been adduced by others on the items of this bill
for two or three weeks past, and I have hardly
offered or ventured upon any advice or counsel of
my own, contenting myself with a votejsrhenever
the occasion required that I should act, and voting
upon all subjects after enlightening myself as well
as I could. I have voted once or twice for the
proposition no\V under consideration. I have re-
proached no man for differing with me upon that
subject. I have not doubted that every Senator
voted according to the convictions he entertained.
I have seen no necessity for any Senator coming
forward with renewed protestations of devotion
and fidelity to the Constitution of the United States.
I have seen no necessity forany gentleman in ex-
plaining his vote on this or any other proposition,
to get up as though he were constantly suspected
by his fellow-Senators of acting in derogation
of his duty to the country and the Constitution,
and be making constant protestations of his de-
votion to it. Sir, if I did not believe that a man
had honor and principle enough to stand by what
he considered the Constitution of his country,
which he had sworn to support, I certainly should
not be strengthened in that opinion by his reitera-
tion of it on this floor.
I am very willing to be argued with; I am very
willing that a man shall question, anywhere, my
opinions upon any subject; but I am not willing
that a man should get up here, and by implication
impute to me perjury, dereliction of duty, a want
of good faith, a purpose to violate the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and especially do I not
like this lecture from one who I do not know has
earned his authority to be the preceptor and cor-
rector of this Senate. He says ho rises here to re-
proach this Senate for the course they may see fit
to take upon this floor. Will his reproaches reach
very far? How long has he been here, and where
did he come from, and what account had we of
him before he came, that he is to come into the
Senate with authority and presumption to be its
guardian?
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, 1 suppose that
is not personal, according to the rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the sug-
gestion ?
Mr. COWAN. I merely ask whether that is
personal, by the rules. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has tins
