124
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 28,
3txn Cong. .. - 2d Sess. Management of Navy Department—Mr. SedgwicJs.
Ho. of Reps.
To correct ail these evils, so disreputable to the
Government, Congress, in 1855, passed the act
establishing the Court of Claims. The court was
regarded, in some measure, as an experiment.
Final jurisdiction, therefore, was not conferred
upon it; though there can be little doubt that it
was contemplated that its decisions would be
treated as conclusive, unless indeed in very rare
and extraordinary cases. Jurisdiction was con-
ferred upon the court to hear and determine all
claims founded upon any law of Congress, or upon
any regulation of an Executive Department, or
upon any contract, express or implied, with the
Government, which might be suggested to it by
petition; and also of ail claims which might be
referred to it by either House of Congress.
The bill now under consideration enlarges the
jurisdiction of the court, by extending it to nil
claims for which the Government would be liable
in law or equity if it were suable in courts ofjus-
tice,except such as Congress may, by joint reso-
lution, specially dec/are shall be disposed of by
act of Congvcsx or otherwise, and by giving1 it also
a concurrent jurisdiction with the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States, of all suits or
eases against the United States for the title to real
estate, or for muniments of title to the same.
The Court of Claims, sir, has shown itself
worthyoftheconfidencoofCongrcssandthe coun-
try. The judges have commended themselves to
public regard by their integrity, diligence, and im-
parf/a/ity. No corrupt or suspicious chum iias
received their approval. Meritorious claimants,
long delayed by the embarrassments incident to
a resort to Congress, have been promptly heard
and their claims favorably decided. And yet,
while the stuns claimed in the cases which have
been tried and decided amount in the aggregate to
$1^,000,000, the amount allowed by the court has
been but about six hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
Congress has in one significant way, at least,
testified its confidence m the court. In two cases
only has it allowed a claim rejected by the court,
and in one of these the claim was recommended
to the favor of Congress, though not being in strict
law due, the court could not report a bill to the
House for its payment. It is very doubtful, too,
if in the other case Congress would not follow the
decision of the court, could it reconsider Us action,
liut notwithstanding this, a practice adopted
by the two Houses, growing, perhaps, out of a
pride which dislikes to part with the possession of
power ml her than uponany well-grounded t i-ason,
Imn nearly destroyed th<  usefulness of the eoui't.
There is a provision in the act establishing the
court that it shall report to Congress the cases
upon which it shall have finally acted, stating m
each ease the material facts which it shall find
established by the evidence, with its opinion in
the case, and the reason upon which it is founded,
and also the testimony; and that the court shall
prepare a bill or bills in those cases which shall
nave received its favorable decision, &c. Under
the practice of the House, the opinion and testi-
mony in each case are referred to the Committee
of Claims, where the decision, instead of being
treated with the respect due to the solemn adju-
dication, is regarded, in many instances, with little
more consideration than the petition of the claim-
ant; and the delays incident to the progress of
claims in either jJou^e, after a decision by this4
court, seem to show the court, under its present
organization, to be an impediment m the way of
an early adjustment.
The injudouseiTectofthcdelaysto which claims
arc subjected, after having received the favorable
dec/shm of (he court, is strongly set forth in a
communication which I have received from the
assistant solicitor of the court, m answer to cer-
lusij questions which I addicsssed to him. He
says;
" Wh«-n I fiiM, came into the court it was attended by a
very numciou^ and hiirhly rtvpcctable bar, and the nnxinty
of claimant^ to bum* their cases to trial was very great.
But by lite cio>e of the thud *<:bsioii after the organisation
of the eourf, claim.tut.- f.uv tlt.it iu> judgments, it favorable,
helped ihein very little in Congress?, for it icqiwred quite a*
much labor and expense to pjoeure the passage of the bills
reported by the court as to procure the parage ot tiios>« in-
troduced by members. Hence tit'' le^-oit oi claimants to
this court rapidly declined. J3ut I can state with perfect
confidence, derived from long iiiteicoursc with claimants
and thsir counsel, that a kuge majority of those who have
ceased to press their claims here, would gladly submit to a
trial before any fair judicial tribunal, it its judgments were
conclusive."
Now, sir, this bill proposes to transfer to the
Court ofClaims jurisdiction over all private claims
against the Government, whether of a legal or
equitable character, except claims arising under
foreign treaties and those which Congress shall,
by joint resolution, specially declare shall be dis-
posed of byact ofCongress or otherwise; and the
jurisdiction is made final and conclusive, subject
to a right of appeal by either party where the
amount in controversy exceeds the sum of $3,000.
It makes out of the Court of Claims, which is now
a mere commission, a court indeed, and relieves
Congress of duties which, from the nature of its
organization, it itever has been competent fitly to
perform.
Nor does it propose anything novel in the ad-
ministration of justice between Government and
citizen. In evety cultivated nation in Europe the
citizen is allowed judicial redress against the sov-
ereign power. A court is always open to him,
and its judgments are treated as conclusive upon
bolh the parties. A few years since, when the
establishment of a judicature to decide upon pri-
vate claims was first attentively considered by
Congress, the chairman of the Committee of
Claims addressed notes to the several foreign min-
isters resident ot Washington, to ascertain the
practice of their respective Governments in rela-
tion to the disposal of private claims against them,
and the reply of each was, substantially, that they
were judicially determined, and that the sovereign
was held bound by the decision.
It will be observed that jurisdiction of claims
arising upon treaties is withheld from the court.
According to the practice of nations, such claims
arc usually adjusted by commissioners specially
appointed for the purpose. Besides, they often
partake of a political chauicter, which renders it
pioper that they should be under the immediate
supervision of Congress. For those and other
reasons it has been deemed prudent to retain the
jurisdiction over them in Congress.
An important feature of the bill is the provision
which confers upon the court jurisdiction of all set-
offs, counter-claims, claims for damages, whether
liquidated or unliquidated, or other demands what-
soever, on the part of the Government against the
claimant, and which provides that where upou the
tiial it is aseei tamed that the claimant is indebted
to tlic Government, the court .shall render judg-
ment to that t'iT'.'ct; and fhat a transcript being
filed and recorded in the cleric's office of any dis-
trict or circuit court, of the United States, shall
become thereby a judgment of such court, to be
I'iilbrood in the manner of other judgments. This
provision is founded upon the just~idea that the
Government ought not to be subjected to a judg-
ment in favor of a party to whom, upon a settle-
ment of all transactions, it is not indebted, and
upon the wise policy of preventing a multiplicity
of suits. It furnishes also an additional safeguard,
in cases where the claims are mutual, against
fraudulent or exorbitant demands against the
Government.
By a provision of this bill every claim against
the United States cognizable by the Court of
Claims is to be forever barred unless the petition
setting forth a statement of the claim be filed in
the court, or transmitted to it under the provis-
ions of the bill, within six years after the claim
first accrues. In relation, however, to claims
which have hitherto accrued, it is provided that
thev shall not be barred if the petition be filed m
the court, or transmitted as aforesaid, within three
years after the passage of the act. There are
proper saving clauses in behalf of persons under
disabilities. This js a very important section. It
will soon set at rest the claims which for a e*en-
eiation have been persistently pressed upon "suc-
cessive Congresses, because repeated rejections
did notatfectthe right still further to press them,
and which seemed to grow stronger as time de-
prived the Government of the means of refuting
the fictitious pretenses on which they were based.
It will require also that claims shall be prosecuted
while the facts on which they rest are recent and
the evidence is conveniently attainable.
To provide further against attempts to practice
frauds upon the Government in the proof, state-
ment., establishment, or allowance of any claim,
the bill contains a provision that a corrupt attempt
to practice such frauds shall work a forfeiture of
the particular claim. This is meant to visit with
merited punishment that corrupted moral sense
which regards the Government as always a proper
prey for fraudulent rapacity.
It has sometimesbeen argued by personsfriendly
to the reference of private claims to judicial determ-
ination, that the jurisdiction ought to be given
to the circuit and district courts. The Judiciary
Committee, however, after bestowing the gravest
reflection upon the subject, have come to a differ-
ent conclusion. In addition tothe danger of local
influences which might he prejudicial to the inter-
ests of the Government, is the consideration that
access can be had to the public archives only at
the capital, and that scarcely any case of import-
ance is decided without reference to some public
document. The machinery of the Government
has grown so complex, also, that familiarity with
its workings is alike needful to the judges and at-
torneys of the Government, and can only be ac-
quired by experience derived from proximity and
constant occasions to observe them.
Indeed, wi'hout rcfeience to other reasons, the
present condition of the country would render
such a transfer of jurisdiction exceedingly im-
proper. In most of the southern States no district
or circuit courts now exist. The prejudice and
animosity toward the Government, winch if may
require much time to heal, would cause all pru-
dent men to pause before placing the pecuniary
interests of the Government in the keeping of
courts and juries there. Nor is another consid-
eration to 'be overlooked. The important and
responsible duties proposed to be transferred to a
judicature will, by the provisions of this bill, be
pei formed under the immediate eye of Congress.
If any evils shall be found practically to flow from
this transfer of jurisdiction from Congress to the
court, or if any questionable practices shall spring-
up, Congress can promptly apply a corrective
by modifying the jurisdiction or abolishing the
con rt.
The bill proposes to increase the number of
judges to five. The increase of jurisdiction and
'the great addition of labor which will be imposed
upon the court by questions growing out of the
rebellion render this increase absolutely needful
to enable the court to transact its business. Jus-
tice and economy will be alike promoted by a
prompt decision of cases. It is the delay of busi-
ness in courts which, more than everything else,
renders them needlessly expensive.
The other ptovisions of the bill seem hardly
to require explanation, and I will pass them by.
I will only add that the bill is one of the most
important which has engaged the attention of the
House, is calculated both to subserve justice and
protect the Treasury, and I trust that it will meet
with a favorable judgment.
management of navy department.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. B. SEDGWICK,
OF NJ317 yO!£K,
In tiie House of Representatives,
Jipril 28, 3862,
On the ieport of the select committee ori Government
contiacts.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, I am grate-
tul to the House lor their kindness and courtesy
in permitting these resolutions to stand over un-
til to-day outof regard to my convenience. Ishall
endeavor to discuss one of the subjects presented
in the report of the investigating committee, and
to discuss it upon its merits, endeavoring in all I
may say upon the subject to avoid anything im-
pertinent to the matter under consideration or
personal to any member of the House.
The committee had occasion, among other
things, to examine certain transactions in the
Navy Department, and from that examination
they have arrived at certain conclusions which I
propose to controvert. The committee say and
insist that in the purchase of the vessels which
the circumstances of the times had rendered ne-
cessary, it was proper for the Navy Department
to employ naval officers of experience in thatser-
