622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
not understand that the Department itself is com-
mitted to it.
I certainly have no opposition to make to this
bill, and I have no object in malting the statement
I do, except to arrest the attention of the Senate
to it, and to ask the Senate to give it that consid-
eration which it seems to me the subject requires.
Having made these remarks, I shall make no fur-
ther opposition to the bill, and I am ready to take
the vote upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to take up the
time of the Senate on this matter. I only wish
to say to my friend the Senator from Maine that
he is altogether mistaken about this bill. It was
drawn at the instance—and I think by either the
Secretary of the Navy or the Assistant Secretary,
and it is at their instance that it has been pressed.
I think the Assistant Secretary of the Navy has
been to me at least a dozen times to urge me to
adopt some measure to get it through the Senate
since it has been hung up here during the last two
weeks.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
from New Hampshire, the chairman of the com-
mittee, how much there is unexpended now of the
appropriation for building steel or iron-clad ships?
At the last session of Congress there was an ap-
propriation made conditionally for the Stevens
battery, and also for other vessels; and I desire to
knowhowmuchofthatappropriation there is now
standing?
Mr. HALE. I cannot answer the Senator; but
that appropriation has nothing to do with these
vessels.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was for iron-clad ves-
sels.
Mr. HALE. I know it. Those vessels are in
process of constitution, and are different from
those, and do not relate to these at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. The description of them
in the papers is very much like those that are to
be built under this appropriaiion. One other thing.
I wish to ask the chairman why this hill does not
contain an appropriation of money to cany it Into
effect ?
Mr. HALE. That should ho asked of the
House of Representatives. I believe it is not cus-
tomary to include an appropriation; but if we pass
the bill, then it is included in the general appro-
priation bills. That is the mode that has been
adopted heretofore, and that is the mode adopted
by ihc House committee this year.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from Pennsyl-
vania intends to press his amendment, I ccitainly
would have a good deal to say in regard to it.
This bill revolutionizes the practice of Congress,
and his amendment would make that revolution
perfect. If his amendment were adojpied, the
President of the United States might build five
hundred ships-of-war or one thousand ships-of-
war, that would cost more than the whole prop-
erty of the United States. There would be no
limit,no restraint upon him—none whatever. The
power of Congress to limit appiopriations and to
regulate these matters would be virtually given
up to the President of the United States. I believe
the theory of our Government is, that every law
or every appropriation of money shall be specific,
shall be confined as far as possible to a single ob-
ject, so that the executive authority shall not use
it for any other purpose. The amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania would authorize the
President to build any number of vessels without
limit and without restraint. It seems to me it has
not received his full reflection.
The bill as it stands is objectionable in many
features; but I assented to it for this reason: the
AssistantSccretary of the Navy said he could not
build more than ten of these vessels during this
year; and therefore an amendment was ottered
limiting the number to ten. I did not know that
the Committee on Naval Affairs had abandoned
thatamendment. I supposed that the only amend-
ment abandoned was that which struck out the
words " Secretary of the Navy'5 and inserted the
words "President of the United States." It is
certain that Mr. Pox stated to the Committee on
Naval Affaiis that but ten could be built within
the year, and that it was very doubtful whether
they could get the requisite iion for even ten.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator that
Mr. Fox not only said that, but he thought it
would be impracticable to build more than three
or four, so as to be used in this war. But I will
state the reason why I was in favor of letting the
Secretary, if on emergency should arise, go on
and build the whole number specified here. It
was on account of any complication that might
arise with any foreign Government, and for the
immediate purpose of coast defense.
Mr. SHERMAN. For that reason I was will-
ing to give the President of the United States au-
thority to build ten gunboats, a number greater
than was supposed could be built within the year,
which would exhaust all the iron of that kind in
the United States. I was willing to give them all
the pow.er that was desired. But, in addition to
that, it is proposed now to give them authority to
build twenty vessels, when it is admitted on all
hands that they cannot build more than ten within
a year and before the next session of Congress.
For that reason the Committee on Naval Affairs
proposed to limit the number to ten.
It was objected also that there was no amount
appropriated. The question was put to Mr. Fox,
"How much would these vessels cost?" He
stated that ten would cost about five millions of
dollars. It was proposed to insert§5,000,000; but
then it was concluded, on the whole, that in this
emergency it was better not to limit the amount.
I have no doubt the cost will be greater than half
a million each, because they will experimentize
upon them. It seems to me, sir, that this bill
ought to be amended. Instead of being enlarged,
as is proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
it ought to be limited. The number ought to be
limited, and the amount appropriated ought to be
stated.
Mr. COWAN. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will not willfully misunderstand me. Of course
nobody can suppose that I meant the construc-
tion that he puts upon the amendment. I have no
desire to press that amendment if there is any ob-
jectionable feature in it. What, I want is, that
the President and his advisers shall determine this
mooted question which has arisen between the
I Senator ftom Maine and the Senator from Iowa,
and which I am not myself competent to decide.
1 am perfectly willing to accept, in lieu of the
amendment 1 have offered, any one which the
superior intelligence and experience of the honor-
able Senator from Ohio will suggest. I have no
desire whatever to be the author of the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think 
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Ohio will
allow me, I will suggest to him that the bill had
better be recommitted to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, that they may make up their opinion upon
the cost of these vessels, and put it into the bill, so
that we can see what the cost is to be; and, if it
is agreeable to the Senator, I will move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have but
a word more to say. The informal communica-
; tion that often occurs between the head of a De-
j partment and a committee of the Senate or House
! is .sometimes very embarrassing. It is very true,
| we have no official recommendation for these gun-
, boats, and if they should prove to be a failure it
I would be said that Congress authorized the build-
j ing of twenty gunboats without even the recom-
mendation of the head of a Department, or the head
of a bureau. I know (for it has been stated here
in debate) that Mr. Fox, the real head ofthc Navy
Department, recommends the building of these
gunboats; but we have nothing officially, we have
nothing stated in writing; and'"itstands here upon
the simple act of Congress without recommenda-
tion. 1 think it would be peifcctly proper, there-
fore, to recommit the bill, although probably delay
ought not to be created, so as to get a formal written
opinion from the Secretory of the Navy as to the
number of vessels that could be built within the
year, and as to their cost.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the bill will not be re-
committed. Suppose that any trouble should
grow out of our present complications with for-
eign Powers, and Congress adjourns two months
hence. Do you want to tie up the President or
the Secretary of the Navy so that they cannot go
on and build these vessels, if the first ones are
tested and satisfy you that they will successfully
defend your coast against a foreign enemy? The
Secretary of the Navy I believe to be a prudent,
cautious, safe man. I do not believe that he is
going to build twenty, nor ten, nor five of these
vessels unless he is satisfied that they are going
to subserve the public interest, and that they can
be successfully used for the public defense. When
he is satisfied, after the first experiments that are
made with them, that they can thus be used, Jet
him go on*and build more.
But, it is said, we shall meet in December, and
then we can make appropriations. But in the
mean time we may be involved in conflicts with
foreign Powers, and there will be no progress
made towards their completion or their construc-
tion. I want to have the bill stand on our statute-
books so that the President and the Secretary of
the Navy can go on if they see fit with the con-
struction of these vessels. I do not advise them
to do it, unless something should arise which will
satisfy them of the necessity of their going on;
but if such circumstances do occur, I want them
to have the privilege of doing it.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the bill will be recom-
mitted. As it stands here, the authority isavery
broad one to the Secretary of the Navy to build
twenty of these iron-clad gun boats. He may build
them of any kind or description, and at any cost,
and there is no appropriation made in the bill
which will indicate to the Senate what they will
cost. I think the bill had better go back to the
committee, and they had better make some care-
ful .estimate what these boats are to cost and put
it in the bill, and so report it to the Senate, that
we may act intelligently and know what we are
voting upon. The amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania seems to me to be very objec-
tionable, but this bill is almost as objectionable.
The Secretary may build twenty gunboats, as I
said before, of almost any size or expense, and he
may make them suitable for rivers, or he may
make them sea-going vessels. There is no limita-
tion to it. It seems to me it was the duty of the
Committee on Naval Affairs at the outset to have
put in an appropriation. We submitted it to our
committee to perfect the bill, not to report it as it
came from the House, and it should go back to
our committee that they may perfect it and give
us an estimate upon it.
The motion to recommit was agreed to, there
being on a division—ayes 22, noes 13.
DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Ilouseinsistpd uponits amendmentdisagreedto by
the Senate, to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 165) making an appropriation for
completing the defensesofWashington,andasked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. F. P.
Blair, Mr. Francis Thomas, and Mr. John
Hickman, managers at the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the said
bill, and
On motion ofMr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts,
it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to tiie amendment of the Hou«e of Representatives to the
amendments of the Senate to the said bill, and agree to the
conference asked by the flouic of Representatives upon
the disagreeing votes ofthc two Houses thereon.
On motion ofMr. WILSON,ofMassachusetts,
it was
Ordered. That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate he appointed by the Vice President; and
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Wil-
son, of Massachusetts, Mr. Grimes, and Mr.
Henderson.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannonnced thattheSpeaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills, whirli thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A hill (II. R. No. 139) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to strike from the pension rolls
the names of such persons as have taken up arms
against the Government, or who may have ill any
manner encouraged the rebels; and
A bill (H. R. No. 150) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
30th June, 18C2.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OP MR. BRIGHT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Wilkin-
