1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
themselves. Sir, they are weary of this. They
want the Government to erect its standard, to
show its power and authority, to punish and bring
to condign punishment these rebels. They com-
plain that that has not been done. I deny that any
measure like this will tend to oppress the Union
men of these border States. Very few of them
own slaves, and there is not one in a thousand of
them that wishes above all things to hold this in-
stitution intact, but what is a secessionist. There-
fore, sir, the measure is as politic as it is consti-
tutional, and above all the interests we have sought
to tax, this ought to be taxed above all others.
Mr. COWAN. It is true, Mr. President, that
I am a very humble individual. I believe that,
perhaps, there is no man anywhere who could not
get up a more voluminous biography of his re-
markable words and deeds than myself. It is also
true that this position, of which no doubt I am
unworthy, is the first which 1 have ever held in
my life, of any kind. It is true, that I am young
and-that 1 am unknown; but, Mr. President, I
stand upon this floor the representative of Penn-
sylvania, of th ree millions of people or thereabouts,
and I shall not hereundertake to apologize for my
appearance as such. J know, sir, that in the con-
test which brought this Administration into power
with its worthy President, whom I havesustained,
I think, in every opinion that he holds, and whom
I believe I will continue to sustain, all eyes were
turned to the State which I represent; all people
admitted that upon her decision the issue would
depend. Again, when this rebellion broke out,
all people everywhere seemed to feel and think
that upon her decision would again depend the
issue. She has responded heartily as her loyal
sisters. Her troops came first to the rescue of
the capital, perhaps they saved it. Her soldiers,
too, are now in greater numbers in defense of the
Union than those of any other State in the Union;
and her dead are lying upon almost every battle-
field of the Union. She needs neither apology or
defense, not even indeed for conferring on me the
position I hold as her representative, whoever I
may be. 1 do not intend either to apologize for
my youth or for my inexperience. I have never
understood that an apprenticeship for years was
necessary to entitle a Senator to an opinion, how-
ever much it might qualify him for the better per-
formance of his duties in this body. Nor have I
ever understood that age or length of service would
sanctify folly, or that it would give character to
billingsgate that might well be the envy of a fish
woman of Alexandra. But I have undeistood
that Senators upon this floor were equals; that the
difference was not whether here a day, a year, or
ten years; but whether the arguments which they
made were sound and the sentiments which they
utter were manly. I have lectured nobody; I have
reproached nobody; I have been dogmatic against
nobody; I have assailed no man's person; but I
did mean to say, and anybody could have under-
stood me had they chose to do so, that all this talk
about Senators lecturing each other and reproach-
ing each other and being dogmatic in the expres-
sion of their opinions was, in my judgment, the
merest idle badinage imaginable. How is a man
to argue a question without reproaching his op-
ponents ?' How is he to discuss it without being
dogmatical ? How is he to give his reasons with-
out lecturing, if people choose to call it so ? Why,
Mr. President, it is idle to think it could be other-
wise.
I leave the attack which has been made upon
me as to my past history, and as to where I came
from, and who I am, to those who have any inter-
est in the inquiry. If the Senator who has chosen
to make that unwarrantable and ungracious at-
tack upon one so humble and so little known as he
makes me out to be can reconcile it to his sense
of duty and propriety as a Senator, I am perfectly
content to let it pass. I will not advert to his
past history, to his distinguished career, or say
anythingabout his relationsin lite; butleave them
all to the results of his own calm reflection.
I made an argument. Whether it was a stiong
argument, whether it was a weak one, whether it
was convincing, or whether it was not convincing,
I made it. The Senator from Ohio interposed a
rude, vulgar ejaculation, to which I replied upon
the instant. It was an ejaculation which, I know,
upon an appeal to him, he would not attempt to
justify. That argument he had aright to answer.
Has he? If I lectured, if 1 was dogmatical, if I
was reproachful, how much more was he, with
his great pastfame, his venerable years in thisSen-
ate, his long experience, when he condescended
to indulge, as he did, in a tirade of half an hour,
charging me with being the watch-dog of slavery,
the advocate of the South, and a hundred others,
equally unjust and equally improper. It is very
easy to make such charges, and utterly useless to
attempt to repel them.
But, Mr. President, as I am a representative on
this floor, and sent here by my State, not only to
attend to her particular interests, but also to pre-
serve this Republic, and to restore this Union, I
will serve her as I best can. In the exercise of
that duty, I feel myself as much in tile line of it
when I am defending the South from what I be-
lieve to be an unlawful direct tax, when I am
standing up between slavery and those who would
unconstitutionally overthrow it, as much as if I
were advocating the local policy of the people who
have chosen me to this place; 1 should be recreant
to my duty, and recreant to what I owe to my
State, as well as to what I owe to the whole coun-
try, were I to fail in that duty. I have resisted
projects which I believed were mischievous as
questions of policy. I have resisted other pro-
jects which I believed were unlawful as against
the Constitution. I have nothing to regret upon
that subject. I am guided by my own sense of right.
I follow in no man's lead. I am under no man's
guidance. With the approval of my own con-
science, I am perfectly free to be judged for what
I say or do in performing the functions of my
office.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to make some
remarks that are personal to myself as well as
some remarks upon this question; and though
gentlemen express some impatience, this question
is one of considerable importance, not only as it
concerns the country, but as it concerns me per-
sonally, and I desiie to act lightly on a question
as giave as this.
In the course of my remarks when on the floor
before, I referred to the speech of John Adams; and
spoke of it as a speech in one of the conventions
which adopted the Constitution, in that I was
mistaken; but he spoke upon the same question
precisely as it arose in the Con tinen tal Congress as
to the rule of taxation there, when this very ques-
tion was then and there discussed, insisting upon
the one hand that none but white persons should
be taken into the enumeration, and upon the other
side that all persons should be included. It was
the speech he made on that occasion to which I
referred.
Mr. SUMNER. That was in the Continental
Congress, before the adoption of the Constitution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly; but it is pre-
cisely the same question. Mr. President, if I had
time I should like much to read an extract or two
from the speech of John Adams, as bearing upon
this question; but I see such impatience all around
me that I do not desire to take up the time of the
Senate. After the Constitution was formed and
this clause was adopted, Governeur Morris, Mr.
Madison, and the leading men discussing this ques-
tion in the convention, and in the conventions of
their States on the adoption of the Constitution,
all proceeded upon the assumption that a tax on
slaves and a tax on exports were forbidden by the
Constitution, and this amendment now pending
amounts in substance to nothing more or less than
a tax on slaves, and it is a tax of so much per head.
Why, sir, suppose that the tax were to be levied
upon every father in the United States for each
child, would not that be a capitation tax upon the
children ? Suppose it were laid upon the head of
each husband, for every wife within the United
States, would it not be a capitation tax ? It is con-
ceded that if this tax were levied upon the head
of every human being in the United States, includ-
ing the slaves as well as the free persons, it would
be unconstitutional, because the Constitution for-
bids such a tax to be levied unless in accordance
with the provision of the Constitution which de-
clares that five of these slaves, or rather persons,
who are not. free, shall be computed as three fiee
persons. But while it is admitted that the Con-
stitution forbids your levying a tax upon them,
when the whole are enumerated, it is contended
that you may enumerate that very class of^per-
sons and put a tax on every one ot them. There
is the difference.
Sir, I joined in urging the adoption of a tax up $
cotton, which is the production of slave labor, for
Isawno constitutional objection in my.way.; and if
I saw no constitutional objection in my way nowy,
I would be willing that a tax should" he laid upon
slaves producing cotton, if you pleasi, oi'-produ-:
cing anything that is valuable. I would have
objectiopLto that. In the formation of this tax bill,
I desire to reach the wealth and-the incomes of
the country, and am prepared to do so as far as
the Constitution will allow.
Now, sir, I desire to read a single clause fro.ro
what Story says on this subject. Speaking of the
object of this clause, he says:
" The object of this clause doubtless is to secure the south-
ern States against any undue proportion of taxation; and,
as nearly as practicable, toovercome the necessary inequal-
ities ofdiiecttax. The South lias a very large slavp popula-
tion, and consequently a poll tax, which should be hud bf
the mleof unifonmty, would operate with peculiar seventy
on them. It would tax their property beyond its supposed
relative value and productiveness to white labor. Hence,
a rule is adopted, which, in effect, in relation to poll taxes,
exempts two fifths of all slaves lrom taxation, and thus is
supposed to equalize the burden with the white popula-
tion." . „
If you laid this tax on the whole country, you
could only lay it upon three fifths of these slaves.
Now, you propose to lay it on five fifths of the
slaves, and exclude everybody else. In my judg-
ment, nothing can be more palpably in violation
of the spirit of the Constitution; but, sir, I will
not take up time upon it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to state, as I moved
this reconsideration, that I did so at the request
of a Senator who, having voted in the minority,
was not competent to make the motion himself. I
have not changed my opinion, nor shall I change
my v.ote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Drowning, Cailile, Cowan,
Davis, Dixon, Doolmle, Foster, Hale, Hams, Kennedy,
Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDougall, Nesmitb, Poweli,
llice, Saulsbury, Stark, Ten Eyck, Willey, and Wright—-22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Fessenden,
Foot, Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Howe, King, MornH, Pom-
eroy, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilmot—18.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment, if it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot repeat the words, and
have not the amendment before me, but I wish to
amend the amendment so as to exempt from that
taxation all who are under ten or over sixty years
of age.
Mr. SUMNER. I will accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not within
the province of the Senator to accept it. The
amendment now belongs to the Senate, the Sen-
ate having acted upon it, and no modification can
be made by the Senator proposing it. The Sec-
retary will state the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin to the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, to insert after the word " claim,1" in
the sixth line, the words, " under ten and over
sixty years of age."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agteemg to the amendment, as amended.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. LATHAM called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. RICE (when his name was called) said:
If there was any constitutional objection exist-
ing to the amendment, as adopted yesterday, it
has not been removed in my nnnd by the amend-
ment just adopted, because the taxation is not
equal. I therefore vote " nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 17, nays
23; as follows :
YEAS—Mebsrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cl.uk, Festenden,
Foot, Grimes, Harlan, Hovvaid, Howe, King. Monill. Sim-
mons, Sumnei, Trumbull, Wade, Wilku^on, and Wil-
mot—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Browning, Catlile, Cowan,
Davib, Dixon, Doolittle, Foster, Hate, Hairis, Kennedy,
Lane of Indiana, Latham, MeDougall, Nc-unth, Powell,
itiee, Sdulsbmy, Stark, Ten Eyek, Willey, Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts, and Wright—93.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed.
