2606
THE CONG-KESSIOKAL GLOBE:
June 6,
and the bill to be read a third time; and on the
question, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. McDOUGALL called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Mr.President,I proposed
last evening to say a few words in relation to this
bill; but the Senate saw fit to adjourn at that time,
and I do not know that I ought to say anything
about it now. I know very well, after the inter-
esting debate we have had on an interesting sub-
ject to-day, that anything I propose to say with
reference to the bill will be of quite a different
character. I beg leave to assure the Senate that I
would be silent were it not thatgentlemen—mem-
bers of the Senate and members of the committcc
—think that, as chairman of the committee, and
having had charge of the bill, it is my duty to
make a few suggestions before the vote is taken,
inasmuch, particularly, as the bill has been as-
sailed with considerable asperity in relation to
some of its details, and in relation in fact to its
general character, by different gentlemen, and that
up to this period no one has undertaken to reply
to the remarks of that kind that have been made.
Mr. President, I am not particularly attached
to this bill. I acknowledge its defects. It is in
the nature of things that there must be many de-
fects in a bill passed at this period, comprehend-
ing so much, as it necessarily comprehends, in
order to effect the purpose for which it was framed.
Senators will observe, and the country will un-
derstand, I trust, that the undertaking is one of
very great difficulty, for several reasons. In the
first place, the undertaking is new, comparatively,
in the country. We have had no experience in
a matter of this nature for so long a period of
years that we come to it a generation of men en-
tirely unacquainted, practically, with what of a
similar character has previously been done, and
obliged to find our way comparatively in the dark.
The difficulty is not lessened by the considera-
tion that the country itself is so peculiarly situ-
  ated that we cannot derive much benefit from the
experience of others in reference to the same par-
ticular class of subjects. We are not a homo-
geneous people in any sense of the word. Our
territory is very broad. The pursuits in which
we are interested are exceedingly diverse. Popu-
lation in some portions of the country is dense,
while in others it is very sparse. It is exceed-
ingly difficult to so regulate a tax of this descrip-
tion, applying as it must necessarily to a great
variety of subjects, as to prevent marked inequal-
ities, and to operate in such a manner as to be
satisfactory to the whole people. When a Con-
gress undertakes a work of this description, it is
necessarily a work of time; it is in its nature an ex-
periment; it calls notonly for great consideration,
but for great forbeaiance, great liberality, and it
calls upon Senators and Representatives more es-
pecially to bring to it all their calm deliberation, to
look with an eye single to the whole country, and
** to divest themselves so far as possible of local
feelings and local interests. And yet, sir, nothing
in the world is more difficult. This task, how-
ever, is one that wc have been called upon to try
to perform.
Under all these circumstances, the country has
been very impatient. It has been calling for a
tax bill, for a heavy tax bill; for one that should
raise revenue equal to the demands of the time;
that should give character to the country; that
should give an assurance that we wei*e ready and
desirous to meet all our obligations in the most
manly and direct and proper way. We gave
that assurance by a vote of Congress at this very
session. We promised the country, and we
promised the world—all who had money to lend,
and who had lent it for our use—that we would
act upon this question in such a way as to satisfy
them and the world that we meant to perform our
obligations, and that we shrank from 110 duty,
however unpleasant it might be. The country
has been impatient, but I trust that it will con-
sider that, under all these circumstances, much
time was required. My honorable friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has rather inti-
mated to me that I had hastened it too much; that
1 had not given the Senate sufficient time to de-
liberate upon it.
Sir, I say with reference to myself that I have
devoted all the time that 1 could possibly spaie
from necessary rest for many weeks to this bill;
and yet I approach it now in this stage of its
progress with a sense that it is in many particu-
lars exceedingly imperfect. My defense is, that
in its very nature it is of such a character that
only time can bring it to any degree of perfection.
I will say to my honorable friend from California
[Mr. McDougall] we cannot learn the wisdom
necessary to frame a bill like this, under such
circumstances, from books, from any knowledge,
however great it may be, of general principles,
because that knowledge does not furnish us with
facts. We can only learn how to correct our
errors by experience; and I believe it has been
well remarked that, for an undertaking of this
kind, twenty years at least of practice is neces-
sary to any reasonable degree of perfection. But,
sir, we must do in this ease as in all other cases.
We must perform our duty, do the best we can,
meet our obligations, and meet the people, after
we have discharged those obligations, boldly and
manfully, and say, " all power and all wisdom is
in no man and no body of men; we have done the
best we could under the circumstances; the best
we are allowed to do; and you must take the work
of our hands with all its imperfections, and trust
to time to set all things right." I know of no
other principle upon which such legislation can
be perfected.
There are certain obvious principles that we
ought to understand with reference to a bill of this
description. We ought to know, in the first place,
how much money it is necessary to raise, not to
"an absolute certainty, but to as reasonable a cer-
tainty as can be attained by inquiry and reflection.
Gentlemen have different modes of arriving at a
result on such a question. Some will take one
line of examination, and some another, and it will
be colored somewhat by our wishes. One Sen-
ator, wishing to convince the country and to con-
vince himself that but a small sum comparatively
is needed, will take one line of examination to sat-
isfy him of that fact. Another, who may think
that the calculation made by his associate is too
small, may take another. The question is, which
is right? Upon that, every Senator must decide
for himself. My honorable fiiend from Rhode
Island—in whose judgment and whose fairness I
have the most entire confidence, although 1 think
he as well as other men may be mistaken, even
upon a subject on which he knows more than
any of us—has contended that the amount of
the national debt was a certain sum. I differed
with him. I differed equally with my friend from
New York [Mr. Harris] upon the same subject.
But my friend from Rhode Island put the sum that
he would be willing to raise higher, perhaps, than
I should. He said he would be willing to raise
$200,000,000, and that would accomplish our pur-
pose. I do not think it is absolutely necessary to
laise so much; and my difference with him was,
that in my judgment the proposition that he was
at that time advocating, but which he has seen fit
on further reflection to withdraw, does not come
anywhere near in its result to the estimate he
formed of the necessities of the occasion. He
might have been right—more likely to be right
than I am—but upon that point I differed with
him.
Now, let us look at our condition. I took a dif-
ferentline of argument. I have often seen, and
no one can fail to understand, especially at a time
like this, that if you go to the Treasury Depart-
ment and inquire what is the amount of our funded
debt to-day, or the amount of the obligations of
the Department outstanding, you will fall short,
necessarily, of ascertaining what the whole amount
of the debt is; because no one can look at the vast
number of the men we have in the field, the great
number of contracts that we know to be outstand-
ing, the great amount of liabilities which have not
passed through the Treasury, and undertake to
say that there was nothing over and above, or that
wc could calculate exactly how much there was
over and above, the amount stated. But we have
something which comes near a criterion. We
know to a certainty what the amount of the writ-
ten obligations of the Government is; but we have
something more. We have the appropriations
made by Congress for the current year in addi-
tion. Gentlemen say that the money may not be
spent; but I appeal to every man's experience, if
he has ever known the time when the appropria-
tions made by Congress for the expenses of the
year had met the expenditures. Certainly there
has been no such time since I have been in Con-
gress. There has never been a session of Con-
gress at which we had not to make up deficiencies,
and sometimes to a very large amount. Well, sir,
there is something like a certainty about these
things, especially if we calculate by millions, that
arises from this fact: we have the estimates from
the proper officers of the different Departments who
are acquainted with the details of those offices,
as to how much it will be necessary to expend to
meet the obligations of the particular branch of
business under their care. Going upon this basis,
and looking at the current year we may approxi-
mate, with a reasonable degree of certainty, to the
amount of our expenditures for the current year.
It is not sufficient to answer that it will not all be
expended within the year. The question is, will
that amount of obligation be incurred within the
year? As to the expenditure that is another thing.
Will itbe incurred ? If incurred, it has got to be
met; it is a debt, although not funded, not on in-
terest. If there is an outstanding obligation which
the Government must meet, it is as much a debt
as if it were reduced into the shape of a bond on
interest with coupons annexed. There is no dif-
ference.
I gave the other day, and I can give perhaps a
little more accurately to-day, the amount of those
appropriations for the present year. The appro-
priations for the year ending June 30,1862, were,
at the second session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, $71,000,000, and at the special session, and
at this session of Congress thus far, $535,000,000,
making §606,000,000. Then if you add to that
the old debt of $70,000^000, you have §676,000,000
as the total amount. Gentlemen must be perfectly
aware from their experience, when you take^into
consideration the state of the country at the pres-
ent time, the contracts that have been made, the
outstanding claims, the expenditures of which no
record, necessarily, can be made in a time like
this, with so vast an expenditure, and the defi-
ciencies that we are called upon almost every day
of the session to meet, that you may safely add
twenty or thirty millions of dollars to that esti-
mate which I have thus stated, and in that way
you have gota little overseven hundred millions.
I see no escape from the conclusion that at the
end of the year, taking the appropriations and
liabilities together ,we certainly make no unrea-
sonable estimate if we call the amount of what is
owing from us, provided nothing has been paid,
$700,000,000. There is to be a deduction made
from that; and that is what we receive as revenue
from customs, for that goes to dimmish this
amount. My honorable friend from Rhode Isl-
and told us, the other day, he had made an esti-
mate. How much did we leceive last year?
Mr. SIMMONS. I made an estimate, and I
said I had got the returns from the Treasury De-
partment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; and I shall say
aword about those returns presently. Howmuch
did we receive last year? Not fifty millions of
dollars. 1 forget the exact amount. Howmuch
shall wc receive this year? My friend says we
shall receive a much larger sum than was esti-
mated by the Secretary of the Treasury, because
he judges from the leturns of April and May,
and he has made a calculation upon that basis;
and again he tells us he has made a calculation
upon another basis of the five years' preceding
the year 1860. He will percpive that it is very
unsafe for this year, and even the coming year,
to make any calculation whatever founded upon
a comparison of the five years' preceding 1860,
or founded upon the months of April and May
of this year, for very sufficient reasons. We
reduced the tariff duties in 1857, and the duties
fell off largely. We have increased them since,
and in ordinary times that would increase the
rate. But let us look at other considerations
with reference to the tariff—I mean at the present
time. I ask my friend, would it not be actually
unsafe to base his estimate of the revenue for a
whole year at any season upon the returns for
the months of April and May? Why, sir, it
would, with any degree of accuracy, for the rea-
son that everybody knows that the spring and
fall quarters of the year are always the most pro-
ductive of revenue.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not want to interrupt
the Senator- 
Mr. PESSENDEN. I am perfectly willing to
be interrupted.
