1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
meuts to this provision of the bill. Three com-
missioners arc to be selected, and their valuation
is to be final and conclusive. No appeal is al-
lowed at all. These men are not required at all
to fix the value of property, nor arc they allowed
to do so. They may go as low, indeed, as a single
dime or a single cent, but beyond the price of $300
they cannot go. Why then mock these people
with a proposition to pay them for their property
when you limit the value, and say that the com-
missioners shall not be governed by the true value?
They are not allowed to estimate the value of the
slaves according to the market price. They can-
not exceed ^300, though it may appear to the judg-
ment of those valuers that the property is worth
$600, upon an average, I will illustrate this for
one moment. A man comes to mo and proposes
to bay my horse. 1 say to him, as the people of
this District say, I do not want to sell. He re-
plies, " it makes no difference; I have the power
to buy and I will buy; here arc ten dollars, take
it;" and he forces my property from mc at his
own price, and tins is claimed to be a fair business
transaction. I have more respect for the man who
walks right up and robs meof my pioperty, with-
out offering to pay, than for those who take my
property in this way.
Let the commissioners be untrammeled, and let
them fix the fair market value of the staves, and
not mock the people with the offer of a price of
your own fixing. We are the representatives of
the people of this District; bat in this matter, if
you were representing your immediate constitu-
ents, J apprehend you would consent to have the
question submitted to them. But here the people
have not the power to leach you at the polls, and
hence arises a proposition to take from them their
property at your own price. You do not consult
the people of the Distiict as to whether they are
willing to sell or not. Not at all. You have the
power to buy, and you will buy. You have the
power to fix your own price, and you will fix it.
I say I have more respect for a man who will walk
up and take my property without thus mocking
me with a consideration.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. HARDIN!*. No, sir. When the gen-
tleman gets sober upon this question L will hear
him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. J .supposed the gentleman
was thiough.
[Heir the hammer fell.]
Mr, LOVEJOY. I wish it distinctly under-
stood that I supposed the gentleman was through.
I asked no courtesy from him.
The gentleman thinks it is worse to take a thing
for one half of its value than it is to rob a man of
his property outright, if 1 understood his remarks.
I wonder which is worse, to rob a man of his
horse, or to rub him of his wife and child ? That
is thu question I would like to ask him. Look at
this which I hold in my hand.
Gkouc1,n>ws, D C , June H, tSfj).
T hereby i ivp my consent to let James Harod have the
privilege of buying: Ins wife and child lor the biun of £l,lU0.
James llarod is huiiselt liee.
LOUIS MACKALL. Jt
Now talk about robbery. Every *>Iave here has
been robbed and stolen, and evei y man who holds
a rfiave is a man thief, and here m this nineteenth
century, in the Federal city of this Christian Re-
public, lofty and emmentamong the nations ofthc
earth, challenging respect and imitation, is tkh
man, Mackall, who proposes to let a free man have
the privilege of buying his wife and child, which
he hadstoien from him, for$l,i00—thus Mackall,
a woman thief, a child thiol. 1 low much did ho
give for this woman? He took her for a debt.
And here let me say, for fear that my time may
expire, tins woman thief, Mackall, alter giv mg a
pledge that this man might buy his own wife and
child, ilesh of his flesh, and bone of his hone,
seized the woman nnd child, and another babe nix
months old, bornsincet and sent them into a siave-
pen in Baltimore. And yet here, brazen men stand
up and talk about robbing, because we give only
§300 apiece, on an aveiagc, to deliver these pooi
oppressed beings from a condition of bruitism. It
is the sublimity of impudence. [Laughter.]
Mr. fc>f EVENS I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing the debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the < ommittee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state oftheUnion
had, according to older, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of certain persons
held to service or labor in the District of Colum-
bia, and had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act to author-
ize the Postmaster General to establish branch
post offices in cities; when the Speaker signed tho
same.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. PERRY. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to—ayes sixty-seven,
noes not counted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cradle-
baucii's motion; and the House refused to ad-
journ.
EMANCIPATION IN THE DISTRICT AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on thu state oftheUnion
on the pending section shall cease in one second
after the committee shall resume its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
bo suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
again resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mi'.Dawes in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of Senate
bill No. 108, for the release of certain persons held
to service or labor in the District of Columbia.
The question was taken on Mr. Harding's
amendment; and it was disagreed to—ayes forty,
noes not counted.
Mr. WADSWORTH moved to strike out the
second proviso to the third section; which is as
follows:
.'7/1(7 piovi'h'tl fuithn\ That uool.tim >hall be allowed for
any -Live or skucs biouirht into ->aid District affribc pas-
sage of thir- a<*t, not fur any claimed by anv person
\\ ho ha-. botne .urns a«;auM the (Jovcuuiient ofthe United
Mates in the piesent tebellion, oi m any way fiiven aid or
c< mil nil iherein, ui wlmii «i inmate-, m oi bv \ 11 tuc ot any
tiaiisl'er heietofoic made, or which shall heieatter he made
by anv pci-on who h<t>s in any nunnei aided or sustained
the jebellion against the Government ot the United States.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WICfvLIFEE. I have no hope of suc-
cess, but I feel it to be my duty to move to strike
out the words " without the exclusion of any wit-
ness on account of color," where they occur in
the following clause of the fifth section:
That t-attl eonimii-ioner^ shall hold their serious in the
city ot Washington, at such place and times as the Presi-
dent of the (Tmtcd States may diieet, of which they hliail
Cive due and public notice. They shall have powei tosub-
j>ena and compel the attendance ot witnesses, and to re-
ceive testimony and enforce its piochiction, a< in civil
eases betore courts of justice, without the exclusion of any
\\ itiiefes on account oi color.
I presume it is intended to let a man's servant
come in and swear that he is a disloyal man. I
do hope the friends of this lull will not so far out-
rage the laws of this District ns to authorize slaves
or free negroes to be witnesses in cases of this
kind.
Mr. STEVENS. I trust that this committee
will not so fur continue an outrage as not to allow
any man of credit, whether he be black or white,
to be a witness.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Would it not be proper
to strike out the words " for purposes of identifi- (
cation and appraisement" in the succeeding clause !
of the section, which is as follows? |
ji And they may Miminon befote them the persons making !
■; claim io ^emeo or labor, and examine them undei oaih; j
j I and they may also, for puipo^cs ot identification arid ap- i
j[ pKu-etnent, call befote them the persons bo claimed. j
,j As the committee have refused to strike out the
j; words about color, on motion of my colleague,
these woids seem to be inconsistent with the
others. 1 make the suggestion.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to answer that sug-
gestion.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky propose an amendment?
Mr. WADSWORTH. No, sir, I do not.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I have nothing to say.
Mr. DUNN. I move to amend the sixth sec-
tion by striking out in the fifth line '* $200,"and
inserting " $150 " m lieu thereof; so that it will
read:
That said commissioners shall receive in compensation
foi their services the sum of $-2,000 each, tobe paid upon the
filing of their report; lhat &aid clerk shall receive for his
services the sum of ,$150 per month ; lhat s-aid marshal shall
receive Mich fees as are allowed by law foi similar services
performed by him m the circuit court of the District of Co-
lumbia; that the Sceictary ofthc Treasuiy shall cause all
other reasonable expenses of said commissdon to be audited
and allowed, and that said compensation, fees, and ex-
penses shall be paid from the Tiea=>ury of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say that with the gen-
eral purpose and object of this bill I entirely agree.
The abolition of slavery in this District is with
me not a matter of passion or prejudice, but of
long-settled conviction of light and duty. This
is to be the divorce of the nation from slavery.
Let the attending circumstances be worthy of the
occasion. Let the decree be deliberately consid-
ered, and then entered upon the record. Let it
make full and careful provision for all the parties
interested. I do not say the provisions of this bill
are wrong, nor do I say they are right. But I
would perform so high a duty with the consider-
ation due the great interests involved and the
grave circumstances by which we are surrounded.
Everything should be done with decency and in
good order, and instead of the settled purpose mani-
fested here to vote down any amendment without
consideration, but simply because it. is an amend-
ment, and force the bill bodily through without
delay, that full opportunity for amendment and
discussion ought to be afforded.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to order.
He is not speaking to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman must confine
himself to his amendment.
Air. DUNN. I propose to give reasons why
the House should consider this amendment.
Mr. POTTER. That is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana has the flofcr, and not the gentleman from
Wisconsin.
Mr. DUNN. I presume I can make myself in
order. Iff would utter here some foul abuse of
slaveholders, then I suppose I should be perfectly
m order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh, yes; you would be
iu oider then. [Laughter.]
A Mkmbku. That is always in order.
Mr. DUNN. 1 say that while I believe slavery
ought to be abolished in the District, while that
has been a living sentiment with me ever since I
have had any thoughts on the subject, born myself
in territory made free by the power ofthe General
Government, and having no doubt of the right
and authority of the Government to abolish sla-
very here, I want to perform that duty with the
deliberation becoming so great and glorious an
event. I should have liked to have had an oppor-
tunity, when passing through the bill, to give to
its various sections thatconsideration which their
high importance merits.
1 see no reason why we should pay a man $200
per month for acting as clerk to these commis-
sioners. I know you can get men entirely com-
petent to discharge that duty for half the money;
but it seems to be the purpose of gentlemen here
who claim to be the particular and especial friends
of the bill that no amendments shall be attached
to it. We arc to take it as it is, no matter how
imperfect its provisions may be, that the grand
jubilation over its passage may not be delayed.
I wish to say to those gentlemen that there is a
higher court than this that is to pass upon our
acts. We have to go before the great body of the
American people, and not only to show them that
we did this thing;, but that we did it in the riarht
time and in the light way; and it will be but a
poor excuse, when wc come to answer for the
deficiencies of this bill, to say that we were in such
haste to pass it that wc could not pause to delib-
erate upon its details.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not confining himself to his
amen drnent.
Mr. STEVENS. Why, he is just getting to
be in order.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
