THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COiNGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session. •
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1862.
New Series.....No. 40 
The loyal people of the United States, suffering
from the effects of the unspeakably wicked attempt
to overthrow our Government, and giving freely
to the cause of the country, not property alone,
but their own lives, and the lives of their children
—these, too, have many painful duties to perform.
I do not find that they shrink from duty becausc
it is thus painful. Shall we not, with the same
courage and resolution, perform ours. Shall the
people be told that the Senate of the United States
retains in his seat a Senator of more than doubt-
ful fidelity to the Constitution because the duty of
expelling him is a painful one?
In my judgment, sir, this act of justice is one
which the loyal people of the United Srates have
a right to demand of us. I recognize their right
to be heard and obeyed in a question like this.
This Union is theirs. This Government is their
peculiar property. For this they are making sac-
rifices such as, up to this hour, have never been
• exacted from the human race. The labors of the
lifetime of the present generation will not pay the
expenses of the war. But its cost in money is its
least important expenditure. Who shall repay
its cost in human life? Who shall restore the son
to the bereaved parent, the husband to the wid-
owed wife, the father to the orphan children?
When shall joy return to that saddened house-
hold whose light has been forever extinguished?
And, worse than all, if such should be the will of
Heaven—which not for a moment will I anticipate
—that this atrocious rebellion should.be success-
ful, and this Government of the United States
should be overwhelmed in ruin, where on this
earth shall the hopes of humanity again take root?
in what soil shall the tree of liberty again flourish?
Yes, sir, the people have a right to be heard on
this question. They have a right to demand that
every disloyal publicservant, whercvcremployed,
whether in theSenate orin theHouseofRepresent-
atives or in the Executive Departments, whether
his position be the highest in their gift, or whether
it be that of the humblest official, shall be instantly
dismissed from the public employment. This
is not a time for timid counsels, or for half meas-
ures. The country is struggling for existence.
He that is riot for us is against us. It is impos-
sible now to serve two masters. He who recog-
nizes the rightof Jefferson Davis to govern denies
that of the constitutional President, who holds the
commission of the people of the United States,
and who exercises authority by the same divine
title on which was founded the authority of that
of Washington and his successors.
Penetrated, Mr. President, as I am with the
deepest regret that any vote of mine should per-
sonally affect injuriously a member of this body,
with whom I have so long been associated in the
councils of the nation, yet, sir, that regret will be
more than forgotten in the consciousness that in
the vote I am about to give I have known no other
interest than thatof my country, and had no other
object than the upholding of the Constitution I
have sworn to support.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, this debate
has already occupied several days. I do not com-
plain of that. The importance of the question in-
volved justifies it. It has taken, too, a very wide
range. I shall nut complain of that. Various con-
siderations have addressed themselves to various
minds in this body. I rise, sir, not to prolong the
discussion, but to state in very brief terms some
of the considerations which will not in the least
degree influence my mind in the vote which I am
about to give, and to state some of the considera-
tions which in my own judgment demand of me
the vote which 1 expect to give.
In the first place, Mr. President, I believe that
I have no right to consider at all on this question
anything which may have been said now, or on
any former occasion, as to the unconstitutional or
irregular election of the Senator from Indiana to
the seat he now holds; nor shall I consider for one
moment whether he supported Mr. Breckinridge
or any other man for the Presidency in 1860; nor
shall I consider any vote which he has given, or
which he has not given here; nor any opinion
40
which he may have expressed hereorelsewhere. I
feel called upon in the discharge of this solemn duty
to base my vote entirely on the record of this case,
and to determine whether the act of the Senator is
either treasonable or so disloyal and unbecoming
in his character as a Senator as to demand his ex-
pulsion. That act is, in my judgment, the letter
addressed by the Senator to Jefferson Davis on
the 1st of March last.
It is conceded, I believe, on all hands that now,
since war is open and flagrant, if this letter was
written to-day it would be an act of open, unqual-
ified treason. The simple question is, what was its
character when written, on the 1st day of March
last?
Sir, on the 1st day of March last, although r.o
blood had been shed, war already existed against
the Government of the United States. The con-
spirators, who for thirty years have been laboring
to break up the Governmentof the United States,
had so far proceeded in their fell conspiracy as to
levy actual war at Charleston, Savannah, rensa-
cola, New Orleans, Texas, and elsewhere. Our
arsenals had been seized by force; our mints had
been entered and robbed; our arfiis had been taken;
force had been overcome by force; and our troops,
under the gallant Anderson, in Fort Sumter, were
in a state of siege, surrounded by men who had
already built their iron batteries on purpose to
reduce them, and to compel the flag of the United
States tn trail in the dust. Indeed they had already
fired upon our flag in the harbor of Charleston.
On the 1st day of March, Jefferson Davis had
become and was recognized as the acknowledged
chief of these conspiratois. No Senator, 1 believe,
can stand up in his place here and say that on the
1st day of March last Jefferson Davis could not
have been indicted, tned,and convicted as a trai-
tor, upon facts known to all the world. On this
1st day of March it was that the Senator from
Indiana addressed this letter to Jefferson Davis as
president of the confederation of States, introdu-
cing to him, as such president, a friend with an
improved fire-arm. What is the character of the
letter written under these circumstances? That
is the question.
Now, sir, the Senator from Indiana says, and
those who have opposed his expulsion say for
him, that on the 1st day of Maich, when he wrote
this letter to Jefferson Davis, he did not believe
that any bloodshed would ever take place; that
although these conspirators had levied war against
the United States, although they had seized our
arsenals and overcome force by force, there would
be after all no actual conflict of arms and no actual
shedding of blood, and therefore the letter.was a
mere innocent letter of introduction. I propose
for a single moment to view tins argument, to
analyze this belief, to see upon what it rests.
Sir, to me the opinion that this Government
could be broken up without any conflict of arms,
without drenching in blood our fields all over this
continent, is the most unreasonable and unreason-
ing opinion that ever entered the human breast.
All our teachings and all history are to the con-
trary. All the great men of this country have ever
warned the American people against an attempt
at the dissolution of the Union as of necessity in-
volving this land in war and drenching it m blood.
But, sir, concede that the opinions of the Senator
from Indiana were such that he believed that, al-
though this attempt was made to break up the
Union, it would pass off without any bloodshed;
upon what can he base that opinion? Not that
Jefferson Davis and his confederates were not pre-
pared to shed blood, not that they were unwilling
to push force against force in an actual conflict
of arms. No, sir; no. That idea and belief can
only rest upon this, to my mind, most monstrous
proposition: that the Government of th<% United
States, which we have been accustomed to look
upon as the best and the greatest the sun ever shone
upon, would suffer itself to he utteily destroyed
without a struggle; that the loyal people of this
Union would suffer this, the mostcherished object
of their idolatry, next to the God of heaven Him-
self, that which they prize above all other things
—-theUnion under the Constitution—to be utterly
destroyed without striking a single blow. -
Mr. President, blind and unreasoning-as such
an opinion seems to me, concede for a moment thai
it actually existed, and that the Senator did believe
thatthis Government would acquiesce in the rebel-
lion of Jeffeison Davis and his confederates, and
acknowledge it to be a successful revolution, unfait
accompli, an independent government, to be recog-
nized at some time by the nations of the earth,
and to be recognized as such by this Government;
even if he believed that this letter of his to Jcffer*
son Davis is of itself, in my judgment, an act so
disloyal, or so unbecoming in an American Sen-
ator, that it demands his expulsion. Though he
believed that such a recognition would follow, did
he know that it would ? Though he believed this
Government would tamely submit, he did not
know that it would. Though all hoped to avoid
bloodshed, every heart was aching with suspense,
not knowing but that we were about to be plunged
into all the horrors of civil and it may be of servile
war. Why, sir, look at this letter; what is it?
It assumes on his part to do an act bearing on the
question of the recognition of the independence of
this confederated power which was to commit him •
in advance of the action of his own Government,
though he was himself a Senator of the United
States, and apart of this Government itself. Why,
sir, I should just as soon expect that a judge on
the bench would commit himself in writing to a
suitor in his court as that a Senator of the United
States, in advance of the action of his own Govern-
ment, should, by his letter, commit himself to the
head of another government which was at war
with the United .States, or which claimed one half
its territory; whether actual conflict of arms was
to take place or not.
Mr. President, there is no light so charitable in
which I can look at this letter that I do not feel
constrained to vote for his expulsion. And, sir,
while I shall perform this act from a sense of duty
to the country, and duty to the Senate, I am free
to say that it is not without pain that I feel called
upon to give this vote, for 1 will say this of the
Senator from Indiana, that in his course and bear-
ing as a member of this body he has, so far as I
know, been uniformly couiteous and friendly to
me whether I have met him m committee or in the
Senate.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, but for the
remarks of the Senator from Indiana the other
day, I should have contented myself with casting
a silent vote upon the resolution now under con-
sideration , nor is it my intention at present, what-
ever my impressions may be, to vindicate the vote
which I shall feel myself obliged to give when
called upon to cast it. But the Senator alluded to
the position occupied by the honorable Senators
ftom Missouii, who have recently taken their
seats on this floor, and by myself, having been
detained from my scat by severe indisposition, and
he called upon us to examine the case. I fully
appreciate, Mr. President, the delicacy of the po-
sition which I occupy, and regret most sincerely
that in a matter so impoitant to the Senator from
Indiana, and so important to the character and
interests of the Senate and the country, 1 have
not had the advantage of hearing the arguments
of the members of the Judiciary Committee, and
the discussions which took place prior to my
return to the Senate a week ago.
I appreciate the delicacy of the position which
I occupy, recognizing, as I do, whatever honor-
able Senators may say to the contrary, that, in
this matter, I occupy a position almost identical
with that of a judge I am ftee further to confess
to you, sir, that such is my hatred of this rebel-
lion; it appears to me so utterly without excuso
orapology; standing here a refugee from the coun-
cils of the capital of my own State, driven by the
inexorable persecution of this rebellion, and by
the conspirators there expelled,bysolemn decree,
from the councils of the State I love so well;
hunted and hounded and traduced by the malevo-
lent spirit of this rebellion; my estate under de-
cree of confiscation; a price set upon my head, m
