1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2€fef
I want you to
Mr. SIMMONS. But I do not want him to
argue on what I said without knowing what it
was. I began with the 1st of January. I got
these returns for the first quarter, and then for
seven weeks of the second quarter. It was that
that I stated to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not understand it
to be so. \
Mr. SIMMONS. It was so.
understand what I said.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Let me say, sir, that the
Senator could not on the returns made then, in the
present state ofthe country particularly, and bare
as everything is and has been of foreign importa-
tion, make any extended calculation for the year.
Now, with regard to the last two months, and
perhaps three, and perhaps longer—I do not know
exactly what length of time—it will be observa-
able—the Senator will atonco see the fact, because
it is true—that it has been understood this tax
bill was to be passed, and that the tariff must be
increased upon many similar articles in order to
meet the increased rate that was put on by the
bill itself; and it is a known fact that large im-
portations have been made for the last two or
three months into New York to meet that sup-
posed state of things; precisely as men have been
speculating upon the proposed dut^ on liquor in
that article. That is a fact, as I understand,
about which there is no dispute, and that has,
apparentlyjvery much increased the revenue, and
has increased it in fact; but, as I said before, no
sort of calculation could be drawn for the year
from that increase.
Let us go a little further. You cannot always
calculate from one year to another In ordinary
times perhaps you may; but there is one princi-
ple which underlies the whole: a country will buy
in proportion to its ability to buy; perhaps, its
necessities in the first place; but those necessities,
or fancied necessities, will be measured, and in a
great degree controlled, by its ability. The Sen-
ator knows very well—no one knows better—that
about the year 1836 or 1837—I cannot tell which
—just after the great revulsion, our rate of con-
sumption of importations per head ran down to
about five dollars. In the course of the twenty
years succeeding they went up to something over
ten dollars, if my recollection serves me rightly—
between ten and eleven dollars. Why? Because
years, and many years, of prosperity had inter-
vened. The country had become comparatively
rich. It had not been troubled with wars or ru-
mors of wars or pestilence or famine. Its capac-
ity to purchase had increased, and therefore it
did purchase. How is it now, sir? Wc have not
recovered as yet from the last moneyed revulsion.
I know that the Secretary of State, who was then
in this Senate, undertook to say, when it took
place, that in the course of a year everything
would come round again. It struck me at the
time that after all it was not always so easy for a
man to get up, or to recover from the effect of the
blow, after he had been knocked down, as it was
to knock him down; that the effect of a financial
blow might continue perhaps for a long series of
years; arid it was so. What is the condition of
the country now? Why, sir, now we are in a state
of war; everybody is comparatively poor; our
resources have been expended to a very large
amount in carrying on this war. What more will
the Senator observe? One large portion of this
country which consumes these importations has
been cut off. The Senator says they do nt>t use
a great deal; and yet they use a considerable pro-
portion—not so much in proportion, but no in-
considerable amount. We therefore have lost,
for the time, what would be purchased by a very
large section of the country, and m ayery marked
degree that which remains has lost its ability to
purchase. All these things must affect, and very
seriously affect, the revenue. Therefore I say that
it is impossible to suppose that the revenue for
the coming year can be anything like what the
Senator supposes, under any possible condition
of the tariff' that we may impose. It may come
up to $60,000,000. I doubt it; but that is, as esti-
mated by the Secretary of the Treasury, I think
for next year, the most that we can calculate upon.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think he estimated it at
$50,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the succeeding year.
Well, sir, I believe it to be a liberal estimate, not-
withstanding the apparent improvement of the
revenue for the past few months, owing to the
cause to which I have alluded.
Now, sir, if I am right in that; that is to say,
if the considerations that I adduce are l-easonable,
you can calculate only on $50,000,000 at the out-
side from the last year, and it would leave us a
little over six hundred and fifty millions of dol-
lars in debt.
Mr. FOSTER. In July the Secretary estimated.
the receipts at $57,000,000, and in December at
$32,198,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For this year. I am will-
ing, however, to deduct $56,000,000 as the receipts
from all sources, and it leaves a debt, not funded,
but a debt—something we have got to pay—of
$650,000,000 on the 1st of July. I do not see any
possibility of avoiding that conclusion. Other
Senators may; but if they do, they will see it, of
course, with different eyes from any that I have
to look on such a subject.
Now, let us look at the coming year. All this,
except what we raise as revenue, is to be provided
by borrowing. For the next year, 1863, we have
already in the form of bills not reported to the
Senate, and the estimates for the coming year,
$522,000,000 for military purposes, based upon
an army of seven hundred and fifty thousand
men; for the Navy, $47,000,000. We have al-
ready passed in the different civil bills $32,000,000,
and in the Indian bill $4,000,000. These make
$605,000,000. Take out your $50,000,000, or
even $75,000,000, if you please, and you leave
$530,000,000; arid adding those two sums together,
you make $1,180,000,000. But, sir, if you esti-
mate the receipts at $50,000,000, which, in my
judgment, is all that can bo safely relied upon,
and take that out, and it leaves over twelve hun-
dred millions of dollars at the end of the next year
on the absolute appropriations as they stand, not
yet passed into laws, but founded on the estimates
made by the Departments.
Now, sir, how is this to be got? It must be had
in some way. The debt stands. It will not be
all funded to-day, to-moriow, or this year, per-
haps; but still it is a debt being funded as fast as
possible. If we do not fund it, we mustprovidefor
it from day to day as it arrives, and by some of
those expedients which we have sometimes been
compelled to resort to in order to support the Gov-
ernment and not be disgraced; but when the end
comes, as come it must, and to which we all wish
to bring it, that part which we do not meet by the
ordinary revenues, orby the ordinary and extraor-
dinary—if you please to call them so—revenues
of the country, by taxation, direct or indirect,
such as you choose to adopt, is debt, and sooner
or later, a funded debt, upon which you must pay
interest. Gentlemen may remark, this war is
about closing, and we may not have to expend
this money. I hope it may be so; but none of us
are ready to make our calculations in that way.
Will you strike down your Army to-day? Is the
country in such a condition that you can reduce
your Navy to-day? Nobody pretends that you
can reduce your civil expenses much lower than
they are. The civil expenses necessarily increase
at a time like this, not in the same ratio, but still
increase from the greater number of civilians em-
ployed in the service in one way or another. I
should like to see that kind of spirit of economy
existing somewhere which would give a reasona-
ble hope that something in the way of retrench-
ment was to be done; but I really am compelled
to acknowledge that I have not yet seen it.
Then, sir, the necessity is upon you. You must
make your appropriations even if we are in the
way of conquering a peace. For many months to
come, whatever may be our prospect, no one doubts
that wc must have a large Army and an efficient
Navy upon which to rely. The thing must be done
before we close, and done effectually, or all the
efforts we have made are to be of no avail what-
ever. I take it, then, precisely as it stands on the
estimates of the Departments and the judgment
of Congress with reference to the appropriations
to be made, and acknowledge this to be a debt,
and a debt due or to become due. You have then,
sir, $1,200,000,000 or thereabouts, at the end of
the two years. Itisnotaflatteringprospect. When
1 made a speech at the begiuningof the session upon
the subject of the United States note bill, I was
willing, for the sake ofthe argument, and I did put
it at a larger sum. 1 admitted that, possibly, at
the end of two years it would be, or might be,
$1,500,000,000- I based ray calcu, tion upon that,
too, and I made a speech at that time, a hopeful
one, expressing the feetings I entertained, that in
the accomplishment of this great work the money
would be well spent, and that this country, increas-
ing and growing as it must, with all its energies,
all its powers, and all its vast advantages, such"as
are possessed by no other people on the face of the'
earth, could bear even that and more. I am glad,
nevertheless, that we have fallen short of it.
I will suppose that we manage to keep out
$150,000,000 of Treasury notes during all this
period, on which we pay no interest, and have
$50,000,000 of floating debt on which we pay no
interest. That would take off $200,000,000, and
it would still leave the debt at what gentlemen are
perhaps willing to put it—$1,000,000,000, to be
funded at no remote period, if not all in this year
and the year to come. No one, I think, on a rea-
sonable view of the subject, can place it lower.
We shall then have to provide for the interest on
that amount. Does any Senator believe that in
these times, borrowing these large amounts, the
average of our interest will be any less than six
per ccnt. ? I think that my friend from Rhode
Island will admit there is no probability of a lower
rate than that for any considerable sum. The
greater probability is that it will exceed that rate,
as a large portion of that which is funded at pres-
ent does, if we may consider the three years'
Treasury notes a funded debt. The interest on
$1,000,000,000, at even the low rate of five per
cunt., would be $50,000,000.
Then what will be the cost of our peace estab-
lishment at the end of the coming year? It will
not be safe, I think, to calculate the civil expenses
of the Government of all kinds at less than'thirty-
five millions of dollars. Then what will be our
standing Army? Is there a gentleman here who
does not believe, and has not the opinion been
expressed, that for the future,at any rate formany
years to come, we must have a regular standing
Army of at least fifty thousand men? I think so;
the Government thinks so; I know no one who is
not of that opinion. In the unsettled state of the
country, such as it must necessarily be after peace
is once accomplished, and m all the relations we
shall have at home and abroad, we cannot safely
suppose that we shall be able to get along with an
army of less than fifty thousand men. Many gen-
tlemen have expressed the opinion that the time
will never again come in this country when we
can have less than that number. As I said the
otherday, before these difficultiesarose, our Army
of about seventeen thousand men, with our mili-
tary defenses, cost us over twenty millions a year.
At what figure, then, will it be safe to set down the
expenses of an army of fifty thousand men, taking
everything in connection with it; taking into con-
sideration our military defenses, the great extent
of our country, the vast expense of transporta-
tion which makes the costof an army here larger
than anywhere else? It cannot be put down at
less than fifty millions a year. I should like to
see a reasonable calculation that would reduce that
item to a lower figure.
Mr. FOSTER. The cost of the Army hitherto
has been $1,000 a man.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I am speaking within
bounds, and although talking by millions, I am
making calculations the reasonableness of which
gentlemen will not fail to perceive. How will it
be with the Navy? My honorable and valued
friend from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] would never con-
sent, I apprehend, that we should be reduced to
our old position in regard to the Navy. In the
relations we shall maintain with the world for
many years, after the experience we have gone
through, we must necessarily have a respectable
Navy. I do not believe it will need by any means
to be so expensive as it is now. I am willing to
say $25,000,000 for the Navy; perhaps that may
be too large, but I think not, and at any rate it is
only about one half what the Navy costs at the
present time; perhaps not one half.
There is another and a very heavy item. What
do you suppose will be your pension list when
this war is ended? And that must be a yearly
expenditure. A few years ago the soldiers of the
last war with Great Britain, the war of 1812, peti-
tioned that what were left of them might be paid
pensions. A calculation was made at the Pen-
sion Office at the time to show what the yearly
amount would be in addition to the then pension
