1862.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3"7th Cong....2d Sess.
Management of Navy Department—Mr. Sedgwick.
,Ho. 03? Reps.
In its connection, they would seem to imply that
the purchase of the two vessels at New Bedford
were made under the direction of this commercial
agent, whereas they were purchased under the
authority and direction of an experienced naval
officer. He went to a man in whom he had con-
fidence, a man of as much integrity as lives in the
eomraercia1 emporium of New York, Mr. Aspin-
wall, and he turned the matter over to a broker
to purchase for him the number of vessels needed.
The broker went to New Bedford and purchased
these vessels, the Roman and Badger. He charged
about double the amount he purchased them for.
He reported the sales, and the money was paid
over. Did he do it without commission ? Could
the Navy Department purchase through naval
officers without commissions? Not at all. He
charged the usual commission as he said, of five per
cent, on the purchase of the vessels, and then he
charged two and a half per cent, for the advance
of the money, making seven and a half per cent.
Then he reported the price double what it was, so
that lie got fifteen per cent, commission out of the
Government. And that is a purchase through
these men amenable to military court-martial, and
of course who cannot be open to this accusation.
The nature of the case will not permit it. It will
be seen that these vessels were not sold to mer-
cantile agents, but to naval officers of the Govern-
ment. I call the attention of the committee to the
mistake they have made in charging that to a com-
mercial agent. Asitappearsin the report, it would
charge that purchase and the loss of the Govern-
ment resulting from it to the employment of a
commercial agent.
Mr. Speaker, I distrust all of those services to
the Government for nothing. I would never em-
ploy an agent in my affairs who proposed to work
for nothing. Would any man think of engaging
an agent to do his trading without compensation ?
1 know of a case in the purchase of vessels for
the Government where a patriotic citizen did come
forward and purchase vessels for the Government
without any charge whatever. It is a tare case.
Ninety-nine out of the one hundred agents who
do business for nothing will cheatyou out of prin-
* cipal and interest. I believe in hiring a compe-
tent man and paying him for his service. Now,
can you prevent commissions being paid? If a
naval officer should be selected, does anybody be-
lieve that no commissions would be paid? Does
any one believe it would be a better principle to
establish,buying vessels under such circumstances
as these, that owners of vessels should come here
and sell to the Government directly without the
intervention of brokerage, instead of paying the
commercial brokerage regulated by mercantile
custom ?
They would employ men who had influence
with the Government, and we should only get out
of the hands of one set of men to bo plundered
by another. Now, you may look upon this mat-
ter as you choose; you may trace this testimony
which has been taken upon the subject, and men
may theorize, as did the Senate committee, and
say " of course this commission came out of the
Government—of course the sellers will add it to
their prices;" but when you come to the exami-
nation of the transactions themselves you will find,
in the condition of things which pervaded the
country when those transactions were going on,
that men did not sit down and cipher out the com-
mission they should pay, and scrupulously and
carefully add it to the price, because they were
glad, in the stagnation of business and the uncer-
tainty of affairs, to dispose of their vessels at a
reasonable price, and pay the commission them-
solves.
But I want to say a word or two about another
branch of these transactions. The committee com-
plain not that the business has not been honestly
and fairly conducted, but that the Secretary of the
Navy employed a relative to do it. This charge
of nepotism is often a just one. I have no objec-
tion to shutting out relatives in the transaction of
business. As a general rule it is proper. And
yet you go through every branch of tae Govern-
ment, go through your own private affairs, and
you will find that officers of the Government, that
men engaged in business, that men who seek for
partners, who seel? for confidential clerks, who
seek for men to whom they may intrust important
business, do not shut out people from their em-
ployment because they are related to them. The
difficulty and the evil is this, that if you employ
an agent merely because he is a relative, without
regard to his competency, without regard to his
integrity, without regard to bis knowledge of the
business in which he is to be employed, you com-
mit a fault in your own affairs, and a crime in the
affairs of the Government. But yet the Secretary
of State may employ his son in a confidential re-
lation; the Secretary of the Interior may employ,
in the same relation, his son; and other officers of
the Government may and will employ, in confi-
dential relations, as secretaries, and upon delicate
embassies, and in matters which require trust and
confidence, relatives, and nobody has a right to
say that it is wrong, unless the parties are gov-
erned by relationship and not by a desire to em-
ploy the best agents and men whom they can
trust.
It is true the Secretary of the Navy did first
employ those connected with him by official tics,
naval officers, and he found that he had been plun-
dered, that the Government had been plundered,
and that frauds had been committed upon him and
upon them and upon the country. And hero,per-
mit me to say, that the Secretary stood out for a
long time, and resorted to all means within his
power to prevent the consummation of this fraud
in reference to the ships Roman and Badger. But,
after requiring affidavit after affidavit in regard to
the fairness of the transaction, he was finally com-
pelled to pay for those vessels, because he had
employed an officer of the Government, who had
employed a confidential friend ofhis, who had em-
ployed a third man to carry out his views. The
transaction had gone so far that it was impossible
to prevent the payment of the money upon the
requisitions that were issued for it, and the neces-
sity was finally yielded to.
Then it was that the Secretary of the Navy
looked around to see if he could not find some-
body standing in such a relation lo him that ho
could confide in him; a man of business, a man
of character, a man of skill, and a man competent
for the business he sought to engage him in. He
found a man who was related to him, whose ca-
pacity was undoubted, whose integrity is certified
to by this committee themselves, and proved by
responsible witnesses whom they called before
them—he found such a man who has saved in a
single transaction more money for the Govern-
ment than lias been paid to him for his commis-
sions; a man who has saved large amounts of
public money. He found such a man, and he em-
ployed him. Is there anything wrong about it?
As I said before, there was no secrecy about it,
no concealment about it; it was done openly The
transaction was proclaimed, and it had the knowl-
edge and sanction of high officers of the Govern-
ment, besides the Secretary of the Navy, and I ask
if it can be fairly impeached here, considering the
peculiar circumstances of the times?
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York what other member of the
Cabinet consented to this way of making pur-
chases—not the purchase by Mr. Morgan, but the
paying this commission?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I have named no member
of the Cabinet, and I propose to name no one. I
repeat what I said, upon my responsibility and
reliable information of the fact, that this thing was
not done in a corner. It was not done secretly;
itwasdoneopenly and fairly,and with the knowl-
edge and consent and with the advice of high offi-
cers of the Government.
Mr. DAWES. What objection is there to giv-
ing names?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not feel authorized to
mention names.
So much upon that subject. Now, let us look
a little farther into this matter. I have spokenof
economy in the management of public affairs, and
of this Department m particular. I have spoken
of the practice of this Department in having dared
to go outside of routine and red tape m order to
transact mercantile affairs through mercantile
agents. I say this course is approved by business
men, and I desire to call the attention of the House
to the opinions of business men—business men in
whom this House and the country will have con-
fidence.
- Mr. John M  Forbes, a distinguished, mcrohhnt
of Boston, says?
" It. was doubtless an oversight (though a natural one) la
Mr. Welles not to limit the amount of Mr* Moigpn'tf com-
missions; but after all, F have no sort of doubt, Mr. Welles
was right in principle, viz: employing n business ranft to
do mercantile work; nor that hi practice, Mr. Morgan must
have saved the country a very largo sum beyond his com-
mission, if you compare his operations with those of the
most honest naval officers.
t( My opinion ought to be worth something, for I was em-
ployed last summer on the same business, minus the com-
mUsion. Now, I have not the personal knowledge of Mr.
Morgan's skill as a ship broker, nor of the ships ho bought,
not having seen any details about thorn ; but ho must ho  
sad bungler if he has nor saved the Government tmper
cent, upon what naval officers would have givenunder like
ciicumstnnecs. Moreover, I have watched the operation
with groat anxiety, and knowing how to make allowances
for the routine and old fogyism which they had to contend
with m their bureaus? and in their subordinate naval offi-
cers, to say nothing ot the insubordinate ones, I must say
that the admmifetiation ot Messrs. Welles and Fox together
lias been a success, and that it would be a great misfortune
to have them disturbed or disheartened by congressional
criticism, especially so when you pitch into the best things,
they have done in going out of routine, and trying to carry
on the war a $ practical men would do it. You are begin-
ning your reform at the wrong end when you censure ft
thing that is well rfonc, merely because it was not betted
done, and because it has un unlucky appearance of nepot-
ism, which gives a handle for popular complaint.
" There are infinite reforms that can be made in the Navy
Department, but they arc all in the direction of assimilating
their mode of work with that u^cd by merchants. Had Mr.
Welles followed the routine, employed very gallant naval
ofllceis to trade for him, and cost the Government twenty
per cent, more than now, all would have been smooth water
for him ; and these attacks now are simply a premium to
him to stick to routine, coutC quHl coutt.
a It is this safe routine that is the curse of the navy.yards
at such u crista as this, that has cost enormous sums and
enormous delays. I have faith in Mr. Wellea's honcpty,
and a knowledge of Mr. Fox's ability, and f wish I could
make you see as I do, that ihev ought to be cucomajfcd in
such innovations, instead of criticised. ThPir other inno-
vation lias boon a success also—the building gunboats at
piivate yards."
Mr. R. B. Minturn, an eminent shipping mer- "
chant of New York, says, in a letter to Hon. Mr.
Hale, chairman of tfic Committee on Naval
Affairs of the Senate:
"Inregaid toyourseeond inquiry, t can answer without
leserve, that I think the. vessels purchased by Mr. Morgan
weic well bought. Jle lias great business capacity and un-
usual >kill in negotiation, with unquestioned integrity. I
think it late that any Government business is managed so
faithfully and successfully as were the-sC transactions, and
laige as'is the amount of commission which has been re-
ceived, I am confident that the result is far more advan-
tageous than,if the business had been confided to the, offi-
cers of the Government, or its other ustml agcncies."
Allow mc to say, now, that if the Department
had advertised for ten or twenty schooners, of a
certain tonnage and description, for mortar boats,
and had given a general description of what was
wanted, proposals to be made in ten days, and the
Department had bought them in the old-fashioned
routine and red-tape way, is there a man of sense in
this House who would believe that they would
have got better vessels, or at'a Jess price thanthev
did get them ? And yet, if the Secretary had ad-
hered to this old and time-honored usage ofhis De-
partment, no man in the community would have
ventured tochargo Uim with a want of integrity or
with bad management. This committee, even,
would have passed over the whole transaction as
an honest and an honorable one, and if it had been
even called in question it would have been white-
washed, or red-washed, as being in etccordartoe
with red tape and routine, and no one would have
objected. Andy«*t,if he ventures outof routine and
red tape, he is charged upon in the House and out
of the House, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts arrays his cohorts of old horses, and men in
shoddy are mounted upon them, and the former
chairman of the committee [Mr. Van Wyck]
spends his whole summer, I suppose, from the
time he was appointed Lo the time he makes his
speech in the House, in preparing scraps of patri-
otic poetry to run the Secretary down with; I say
his whole lime, because the journal of the com-
mittee shows that the chairmanwas raiely pres-
ent at the meetings of the committee, aud that he
never, during the whole existence of the commit-
tee, had spent ten hours of his time in the inves-
tigation of the subjects with which the committee
was charged.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to infortn the gen-
tleman from New York that his colleague [Mr.
Vak- Wyck] is now at the head of his regiment
at Yorkiown, and is not here to reply.
