1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 11.
regard to the amendments proposed, I have
voted for none of them, and will vote for none of
them, as I am determined to vote against the bill
in any shape in which it may be presented. I
withdraw the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Hoi.man's
amendment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr, DIVEN. I move to strike out the sixth
section of the substitute. If I am not mistaken
that section provides for the submission to the
people of the question whether slavery shall be
abolished in the District of Columbia.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. DIVEN. Now, sir, with that section
stricken out, the substitute will reccivc my cordial
support. And I would be in favnr of it as now re-
ported, were it not that, as I understand the Con-
stitution, this Congress has exclusive legislation
for the District of Columbia,and it will be in con-
flict with that provision to make the people of the
District a part of the law-making power.
Now, sir, so far from the statement of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigiiam] being
correct in regard to what was the position of the
Republican party during the last canvass in favor
of the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia—so far certainly as my locality was con-
cerned, ho is in error. We took the position of
the present Executive of the United States in his
celebrated canvass in the State of Illinois, as our
criterion, and that position was one of emphatic
opposition to the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, except upon full compensation
to the owners, and upon the question being sub-
mitted to the people of the District. 1 would be
in favor of carrying out his entire doctrine but
for the constitutional objection to which I have
referred. I behove that it is the true policy. 1 be-
lieve it is bettor for the enslaved, as well as bet-
ter for the Republic. I believe that the dictates
of humanity in abolishing slavery anywhere will
be promoted by making thatemancipation gradual,
thereby placing the slave in process of preparation
for the enjoyment of ins liberty, and affording tin;
master the opportunity of providing a substitute
for his labor.
Now, right here, I wish to say to those who
regard thia as but the first link in the chain that
is to extend to the interference by the General
Government with slavery in tho States, that I
think thoyare mistaken. I behove they could not
do more towards quiutmg the agitation of the sla-
very question than by voting for a biil like this,
and by carrying the same principle to the extent
given toCongrc.ss by the Constitution. The power
given to Congress will then have been spent, and
there will be no more right claimed for Congress
on the subject.
Mr. WADS WORTH. Where does the gen-
tleman propose to stop ?
Mr. DIVEN". Our doctrines upon this subject
are well known. Carry out those measures, and
no man will ever again start a proposition that
shall bring up the agitation of this question.
Mi*. WADSWORTH. If that be true, I would
like to know, for I have very great respeetfor the
gentleman's opinion, what is the use of that com-
mittee of nine which has been recently raised to
inquire into the question of emancipation in the
States?
Mr. DIVEN. That is a question about which
the gentleman can judge as well as I can.
[Here the hammer tWl.]
Mr. DUNN. I understood the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vallandigiiam J to say, a few minutes
since, that he had been accustomed to hear the
charge that it was the purpose of the Republican
party to interfere with slavery in the slave States,
denounced as a " Loco Foco lie and slander," and
I wish to say that in my opinion the chaige was
voj y properly designated.. I say it is not the
purpose of the Republican party, never ha.* been,
nor ever will be, while I am a member of it, to
interfere with slavery in the States by congres-
sional action. It is a slander upon the party to
so charge; and this wicked falsehood, charged at
the South, and attempted to be proved by the
reckless statements of political partisans at the
Nortu, has done much to involve us in our pres-
ent troubles. It may be that some who, as occa-
sion suits them, act with the Republican party,
but are not of it, are in favor of interfering with
slavery in the slave States. But, sir, we do not
get the doctrines of a party from a few individuals
who may act with it, or be of it, but from its au-
thoritative utterances through its regularly con-
stituted organs.
When the representatives of the Republican
party met at Chicago in 1860, and nominated the
present chief executive officer of the nation, then
they spoke with the authority of the people they
represented, and made the declaration that in their
judgment Congress had no right to interfere with
slavery where it existed under State authority.
And let me say here that if that convention had
not so declared, or if such had not been known
to be the sentiments of the party, Mr. Lincoln
would not to-day be the President of the United
States, nor would we now have a Republican ma-
jority upon this floor.
But it is a doctrine of the Republican party that
Congress has theright, theconstitutionalpower,to
inhibit slavery in the Territories, and abolish it in
the District of Columbia, and that is another rea-
son why the people gave their confidence to the
candidates of that party. I believe that the pres-
ent troubles that afflict the nation have come upon
us because we ceased to follow the footsteps of our
fdtheis with leference to slavery. They evidently
regarded slavery as inconsistent with our theory
of Government, and expected it gradually to be
removed under the beneficent influences of our
free institutions. They endeavored, as best they
could, to found this Government on the broau
principles of man's natural rights. Their early
policy was against slavery. One of their first great
acts was to exclude it by ordinance from the great
northwestern territory. They did not regard sla-
very as an institution to be cherished and strength-
ened, but as an evil, to be tolerated where it was
protected by State jurisdiction.
Sir, let us return to the policy of our fathers,
and then we shall have peace. Let the nation be
divorced from slavery. Let slavery cease where
ever the national authority is exclusive. Leave
it in the slave States to be managed solely by those
who are responsible for its continuance there, and
then we may hope that this unhappy agitation in
the public councils of the nation will ccase. And,
sir, 1 must say that in my judgment, in no way
could the representatives of the slave States do a
greater service to their people than by aiding to
restore the policy of this Government to that
established by Washington and Adams, Jefferson
and Franklin. I have, been speaking of tiie doc-
Uine m regard to slavery as understood and pro-
claimed with refeience to our ordinary civil legis-
lation. Now, we arc at war. What policy the
wickedness of rebellion may force upon the Gov-
ernment in self-defense, remains to be seen.
Mr. STEVENS. In order to close debate on
these amendments, I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
Senate bill No. 108, being an act for the release
of certain persons held to service or labor in the
Distiict of Columbia.
Mr. STEVENS. I move thatalldebatein Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending amendments close in one second after
the committee shall resume the consideration of
the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j Union.
, The motion was agreed to.
i So the rules were suspended; and the House
| accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
; the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
1 in the chair,") and resumed, as a special order, the
1 consideration of the bill of the Senate relating to
: emancipation in the District of Columbia.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Wickliffe
was disagreed to—ayes 34, noes 84.
Mr. MENZIES moved to amend by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting as
follows:
That tlio chiUhenof poisons held to service for life in
the District of Columbia, who maybe born after the Istday
of May, 1862, shall be fiee, and at the age of eighteen years
may assert their freedom againet all person*.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted) Any person who may
be brought into said Distiict after the Istday of May, lb62,
for the benefit ol his or her owner or hirer, shall-thereby
become tree.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, Any person who may
deprive a pei?>on entitled to freedom according to the fast
•section of tins act, of the power and means of asserting
such freedom, shall be guilty of felony, and shall be pun-
ished on conviction thereof in any court of competent juris-
diction, by confinement in the penitentiary not less than
five noi more than twenty years.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Before that motion is put,
I desire the conscnt of the committee to submit
my substitute which has just been voted down and
have the yeas and nays upon it in the House. I
do not propose to debate it. I only want a vote
upon it that shall go on record.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no agreement about
it. I ask that my motion may be put.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly Senate bill
No. 108, for the release of certain persons held to
service or labor in the District of Columbia, and
had instructed him to report the same back to the
House without amendment.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion. ^
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, Let me offer my amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. WICKLIFFE demanded the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
On a division, there were—ayes 20, noes 86.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded tellers on
ordering the yeas atid nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Steele, of
New York, and Asiiley, were appointed.
The yeas and nays were, ordered; the tellers
having reported ayes thirty-one—more than one
fifth of those present.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aflinnative—yeas 92, nays 39, as follows:
VIIAS—Me^is. AMneli, Alley, A mold. A«hley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, lleaman, Bingham, Fiancis P. Blair, Sam-
uel S. Blan, Blake, George II. Biowne. ButTmton, Camp-
bell, Chambi!! lin, Clark, Colfax, Ivo-.yno Conkljng, Covode,
Davj-;, Dawe*, Delano, Divcn, Ducll, Edgeiton, Edwards,
Eliot, English, denton, Fe-^crulen, Fianehot, Fiank,
Gooth, Goodwin, Giaiiger, Haight, Hale, Ilanchett, Ilam-
<?on, Hickman, lloopei, Hutchms, Julian, Kelley, Fiancis
W. Kellogg, Killmgei, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejov, Me-
Rnight, McPhetson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson l\ Moi-
nll, Justin S. Momll, Nixon, Ode!!, Olin, Patton. Piko,
Poitor. Potter, Alexander H. Itieo, John 11. Kiee, Riddle,
Edwaid H. llolhns Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellaburgcr, Slnel, Sloan, SpanUlmg. Stevens, Stiatton,
Beniamm F. Thomas, Tiain, Trowbridge, Van Val ken-
burgh,Vcrree,Wall ace, E. P. Walton,'Washbume, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, Wilson, and Windoui--92.
NAYS—Messis. Allen,'Joseph Baily, Biddle, Jacob B.
Blair, William G. Brown, Ca&ey, Cnttenden, Delapkune,
Duni.ip, Dunn, Giidei, Hall, Ilaiding, Ilolman, Johnson,
Kejrigan, Knapp, La/.eai, Malloiy, May, Mcnzies,
Noble, Nugen, Pendleton, Petty, Pnee, James S Rollins,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Francis Thomas, Val-
landigham, Vooihee.-, WacHworth, Ward, Whaley,Chilton
A. White, Wickliffe, and Wright—30.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
During the call,
Mr. PERRY stated that Mr. Corning was ab-
sent because of illness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third t me.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
* Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messtv. Aldrieh. Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter. Beaman. Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Sam-
Dueli. Dunn. Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, English, Fenton,
Feisenden, Fisher. Franchot. Frank. Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, (laight, Hale, Ilanchett, IJdriison, Ilickman,
Hooper, I-Jntchins, Julian, Keliey, Francis W. Kellogg
