2608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6.
roll; and, unless I am greatly mistaken m my
recollection—I have not referred to the document
—a report was made to the other House fixing it
at $15,000,000 a year. Does anybody believe that
with this great Army that we have and are to
have, with all its casualties, with all the pensions
to widows and orphans, and all the life pensions
tp maimed and wounded soldiers, and those who
have been disabled permanently and temporarily
by sickness, we shall get off for a dollar less than
$20,000,(300 a year for pensions? I take it at
that.
Put thpse sums that I have given you together
for the civil list, Army, Navy, and pensions, and
the interest that we are to pay, and if I have added
them up right, they amount to $180,000,000 a
year, without allowing a dollar for asinkingfund
except such as we get from existing laws. The
figures are large, especially to people who have
always kept inside of $80,000,000 or thereabouts.
It is only adding $100,000,000 a year to our ex-
penditures, and after all I look upon that with
entire composure; for when we shall have suc-
ceeded in restoring peace to this country, and
showing to the world what we are and what our
institutions arc, not only the money will have been
well spent, although this burden has been entailed,
but even the blood that has been shed will have
been poured out for the good of the cause of hu-
manity, and have been well shed.
If I am right—and gentlemen will consider
whether 1 am or not—the result is obvious: we
have got to meet that and more if we perform our
obligations, if we really do provide something for
a sinking fund.; but I will leave that. Now, sir,
what have we to meet this? We have only two
sources of revenue. We can expect nothing from
our public lands, of course; and gentlemen argue
that we ought never to expect anything from
them. Let them go. "We have the duties on
imports propeily so called, and we have what
may be raised by the taxation which we ate about
to initiate; and out of (hose we ought to raise the
amount that I have mentioned.
My honorable friend from Rhode Island said
that he believed the duties would amount to
$100,000,000 a year on what is to be put on by
the other House after we pass this bill. Let it
go that his returns for five years previous to 1860
show receipts at the rate of $80,000,000 a year.
Mr. SIMMONS. You must not quote me for
that.
Mi. PESSENDEN. I take it from the Sen-
ator's printed speech.
Mr. SIMMONS. They have been $60,000,000
a year for five years.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I am willing to admit the
argument in its fullest extent, its utmost hopeful-
ness, based on his belief; and I take it his belief
would not carry him beyond $80,000,000 a year
for several years to come.
Mr. SIMMONS. I thought of the $80,000,000
at present, without the addition of what we are
going to raise.
Mr. PESSENDEN. That bill, if passed, will
not raise so much; but at most 1 think all you
can gel from this source, if I am at all right in
my calculations, should not be put at more than
$80,000,000 a yeai for the whole country. What
have you to deduct from that? For this year,
and the next at least, you must deduct certainly
for the seceded States $15,000,000. That would
reduce it to $65,000,000; and you must also de-
duct something for the decreased ability of the
country. Basing yum estimate upon an ordi-
narily piosperous year—for that is what I am
speaking of, not times as they are—you must de-
duct as much more for the deeieased ability to
purchasefoiei^n goods,ajid that would bring you
down to $50,000,000 a year. Then you have got
to get $130,1)1)0,000 sonit how or other; but sup-
pose I grant you $10,000,000 more. If my calcu-
lation is right es to what the debt of the country
will be, you will still have to get $1^0,000,u00,
and your only resource is precisely the kind of
taxation which this biil proposes to initiate to
meet your obligations. But be it more or less,
let it vaiy from the line I have given $20,000,000
either way if you please, you do not avoid the
necessity, because you can calculate upon nothing
with absolute ceitainty, even probable certainty,
il I may be allowed the expression, within that
line. You must leave something for contingen-
cies, because contingencies are constantly occur-
ring which vary it either one way or the other;
and a man who intends to reason rightly and pro-
vide for his necessities, always leaves a margin.
He is bound to do so.
Under these circumstances, with this to do, the
House of Representatives has sent us a bill. As
I remarked a little while ago, the plan that had
been prepared by my friend from Rhode Island,
my colleague on the committee, he has seen fit to
withdraw. There has been only one other plan
proposed, and that is the one which was proposed
by my honorable friend from California, also a
member of the corrynittee; and the question, so
far as there was one in the Senate, although it is
now settled, was in fact between a different sys-
tem in part, that is to say, a tax on sales as a re-
liance for the greater proportion of the amount of
income needed, and precisely the bill which is
now before the Senate.
The honorable Senator from California has de-
nounced this bill in very strong language; he has
denounced its framework as incongruous, awk-
ward, inefficient, good for nothing, hardly worth
the respect of the Senate. Now, he will allow me
to remark that it is a little singular that, with the
single exception of a change of names, the frame-
work proposed in his bill is not only substantially
the same as in the bill before the Senate, but iden-
tical in a very great part of its propositions, and
identical with it as it came to the Senate before
the improvements made upon it, if there were any
improvements, by his labors and mine, and the
labors of our associates. The strong language,
then, which lie applied to the framework of this
bill, the machinery so called, he might apply, I
think, with very much more propriety to the bill
which he proposed as a substitute.
He objects to this bill again on the ground that
it makes a great multitude of officers, tax gather-
ers. On that subject I have a word or two to say.
Do you expect to raise more than one hundred
millions of dollais by taxation without machinery
and without a great number of officers? In the
nature of things you must have a largo number of
officers. No human ingenuity can devise any
other safe mode of collecting the money. The
bill which the Senator himself proposed—and I
can hardly suppose that he was not aware of the
fact—requires as many, and in my judgment
more officers than are required to collect the tax
under this bill. He only changes the name. In
the first place, he provides for the appointment of
as many stamp agents as the President sees fit to
appoint.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, sir.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me; I looked at his bill last evening, and if he
will look at it he will find that I am right. It pro-
vides for the appointment of stamp agents in as
many districts as the President may think neces-
sary; I do not undertake to quote the exact lan-
guage. Then he provides for a body of men
whom he calls inspectors, and these inspectors
are to have as many deputies as they may see fit
to appoint. The duties that these inspectors have
to perform are as onerous, as burdensome, and in
most particulars very much the same with those
to be performed by the assessors under this bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to make one
remark. I advanced my proposition yesterday,
and it was defeated by almost every vote in the
Senate. I shall, f think, support the bill as it
stands; but I believe it goes further than is neces-
sary. I am for taxation, and if a better bill can-
not be passed than the bill proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maine, I am for that bill.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I so understand the Sen-
ator. I only commenton that bill for the purpose
of answering certain objections to this one, and
not to attack the bill which was acted upon yes-
terday. I refer to it simply to show the fact that
you cannot get along without a great number of
officers by any system which can be devised, be-
cause that, as the Senator observed, was framed
with great care by the gentlemen whom he named.
It is impossible to devise a system for collecting so
Luge an amount of money without necessarily be-
ing obliged to have recourse to a large number of
officers. It is impossible in the nature of things,
and changing the names of those officers does not
avoid the difficulty.
The name of tax gatherer is said to be odi-
ous. It was when taxes were collected by the
arbitrary will of rulers of unwilling subjects; and
in such case the tax gatherer may be atyrant and
an oppressor; but in this country, where the tax
gatherer is one of our own fellow-citizens, dis-
charging his duties under the laws which vvc
make, responsible to us, liable to be removed from
office at any moment, dependent upon the will of
the people, I do not know that the tax gatherer is
any more odious, when he does his duty, than
any other citizen. He certainly ought notto be.
In my region of the country they are generally se-
lected from popular men, and I have never known
the time that they have lost their popularity to
any extent by the proper discharge of their du-
ties. They are a necessary and useful class of the
community, whose business it is to collect the
public moneys, and put them into the public chest.
Let Senators take this bill and ask themselves
how many men they have in their own several
States to assess and collcct their revenues, and
they will find that we do not begin under this bill
to have one tenth, no, not a twentieth part of the
number employed to collect the State taxes, if we
take into consideration those employed in the
towns and other municipalities. There is no dif-
ficulty, then, arising from this source; it is a cry
that we have heard in the other House and in this,
and sometimes in the newspapers, but the argu-
ment amounts to nothing. Much care has been
used, in point of fact, to have no more officers than
were absolutely necessary in order to accomplish
the purpose.
Next, as to the machinery of the bill. What
is it as it stands before the body, for I am bound,
perhaps, to speak of its machinery before I speak
of its probable results? The bill provides for a
collector in each district, and the districts in a
State cannot, at most, cxceed the number of Sen-
ators and congressional districts. The collector
is the only man who is responsible to the Gov-
ernment, and we pay him. We pay him not over
$10,000 a year for his services, and he appoints
his deputies, and pays them. Of course, it will be
for his interest to have as few as possible, as well
as to pay them as little as possible; but could we
expect to get along with less? We do not pay him
that sum necessarily. We pay him by a percent-
age which cannot excced that. There is no dan-
ger, I think, of abuse in the number of officers in
that particular.
We have,then,an assessor ineach district, who
appoints his assistants, and those we pay for the
number of assessable persons they put upon their
lists, and also by the day. There the duly is al-
most constant; it goes on from month to month.
The bill is so framed as to tax property values,
and you must therefore have the value of piop-
erty at different periods; and you must have men
to value it, and there will not be so many re-
quired as the States have to assess vastly smaller
sums, but enough to answer the purpose. There
is nothing to make the performance of their du-
ties offensive to the people, unless perhaps they
may meet some man who will claim that he is
made to bear more than his share of the public
burdens. Assessors must be employed. Could
you get along, and have all the duties of assess-
ing and collecting this great amount of taxes per-
formed by the same individuals? One great ob-
jection to that is the propriety of having two sets
of officers, in order that one may be a check on the
other, both knowing what the tax is and both
knowing what account is to be rendered of it.
Each one guards the other, for each is familiar with
the other's business, and each has access to the
same sources of information, in this, we adopt
the system geneially adopted in the States,«and
everywhere. I never heard of any section of this
country or any otherwhere the man whoassessed
the tax and the man who collected it were one-and
the same person; but my information is limited,
and it may be that I am wrong in reference to that
particular point.
As to the machinery of the bill, that can only
be tried by its working. It was not drawn origin-
ally precisely in the words or form in which I
would have drawn it, and certainly it is not so
well drawn as it might have been by my honor-
able friend from New York, [Mr. Harris,] who
has improved it in many particulars, and for
which I am very much obliged to him. But, sir,
it passed the ordeal of examination by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, able men; they did
their best with it. It passed the ordeal of the
House of Representatives, and many heads are
