028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Mr, SUMNER. I understand the position of
the Senator. I know I do not quote his language;
I simply attribute to him the natural and logical
consequence of the speech which he addressed to
us for more than two hours—that it was to exalt
slavery above the Constitution, and it was to say
that, while all possible sacrifices are to be made in
defense of our country, slavery alone is to con-
tinue untouched.
I put aside,-also, the suggestion of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Harris,] to the effect that
the Senator from Indiana is now on trial; that our
proceedings are judicial; and that the evidence be-
fore us is insufficient to satisfy the requirements of
such a case. Surely this assumption proceeds on
a mistake. The Senator from Indiana is not on
trial, in the ordinary understanding of that term;
nor are our proceedings judicial; nor is the evi-
dence insufficient for the case in hand. Under the
Constitution, each House, with the concurrence
of two thirds, may expel a member; but this large
discretionary power is given simply for the pro-
tection of the body in the exercise of an honest and
honorable self-defense. The Senate itself is on
trial just as much as the Senator; and permit me to
say that the Senate will condemn itself if it allow
any person to continue among; its members who
has forfeited that special confluence in his loyalty
which is essential to his usefulness as a Senator.
It is vain to say that the evidence is insufficient.
Technically and judicially this may be the case;
but according to all legislative precedents and all
the rules of common life it is obviously sufficient,
for it is beyond all practical doubt. My friend from
New York did not hesitate at this session to vote
for the expulsion of Breckinridge, of Poland of
Johnson, without one scrap of evidence that he
would recognize as a judge on the bench. How
can he now require evidence which lie did not
require then ?
1 put aside also the argument of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] so carefully
and elaborately stated, to the effect that, on the
1st March, when the disloyal letter was written,
there was no war actually existing between the
rebel States and the United States. Even if this
assumption were correct; even if the United States
were still hesitating what course to adopt, noth-
ing is clearer than this; the rebel States were in
rebellion, organized, armed and offensive, with
the avowed purpose of overthrowing the national
Government within their binders; and such re-
bellion way beyond all question a levying of war
under the Constitution of the United States, so
that all adherence to it, giving aid and comfort,
was treason itself. But even if you are not dis-
posed to admit that there was an actual levying
of war on the part of the rebels—though of this
there can be no doubt—theie was surely a prep-
aration and a purpose so to do; and any contri-
bution to such preparation and purpose was dis-
loyalty, if not lieason. Clcaily, Jeffeixon Davis,
at that tune, was a traitor. What, then, can be
thought of a Senator who offered arms to the
traitor?
I put aside, also, the suggestion of the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck,] founded on
the language of the President in his inaugural ad-
dress of the 4th March. It is true that the Pres-
ident spoke of the rebels m generous, fraternal
words—such woids as became the Chief Magis-
trate of a great people, who had not yet renounced
the idea of conquering by kindness, and who had
not forgotten t luit Leviathan was turned by a cord.
But whatever may have been the language of the
President, it is none the less clear that tiie rebel-
lion at that very moment was completely organ-
ized, by a succession of overt acts, which fixed
the treasonable position of its authors, and espe-
cially of its chief, to whom the letter offering arms
•was addressed.
I put aside also the argument of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Latham,] especially that
part of it founded on the tolentnee shown by the
Senate to treason when uttered hexo by the icur-
ing rebels. Nobody questions that treason was
uttered on this floor, or that treasonable counsels
went forth from this Chamber. But the Senate
was then controlled by the associates of the Sen-
ator of Indiana, and it was not in our power to
check or chastise the traitors. It is within the rec-
ollection of many that those utterances were heard
on this side of the Chamber, not only with an in-
dignant patriotism, but with a bitter, rankling re-
gret, that the Senate was then so entirely in the
hands of the traitors that we were obliged to hear
in silence. Surely such utterances, wicked with
treason, constituting the very voice of the rebel-
lion, cannot be an apology for the disloyal letter
of the Senator from Indiana; nor can our silence,
when we were powerless to act, be any argument
for silence now that power and responsibility are
ours.
I agree with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Browning,] that the whole conduct and declara-
tion of the writer of the letter may be legitimately
employed to elucidate the character of this letter;
but I found no supplementary charge on such con-
duct or declaration. Others may use the argu-
ment in this case, that the Senator has declared
himselfagainst coercion of the rebel States, or that
he has refused to vote the necessary means for the
suppression of the rebellion; but I use no such
argument. Much as I should lament such a
course, and justly obnoxious as I should regard
it, yet I cannot consider it as an argument for the
expulsion of the Senator. Freedom of debate is
one of the triumphs of modern civilization; and it
shall never be impaired by any vote or any word
of mine. To this freedom I have held fast when
almost alone in this body; and what I have stead-
ily vindicated for myself against all odds, I shall
never deny to another. Therefore, if I am thejudge,
there is noSenator who willnotal ways be perfectly
free to speak and vote as he shall think best on
every question which shall legitimately arise; but
beyond this immunity he must not go. He shall
not talk treason; he shall not parley with rebellion;
he shall not address to it words of sympathy and
good will; especially, ho shall not recognize its
chief in his pretended character of president, nor
shall he send to him improved fire-arms to be em-
ployed in the woik of treason.
Putting aside all these considerations, the case
against the Senator from Indiana is clear. All
apologies, all cxcuses utterly fail. It is vain to
say that the bearer of the letter was his life-long
friend, as it is vain to say, also, that the Senator
did not dream that there would be war. The first
apology is as feeble as the second is audacious.
If the Senator did not dream that there would
be war, then why send arms to the chief of the
rebellion? To Jefferson Davis as a private citi-
zen— to Jefferson Davis as a patriot Senator,
there was no occasion or motive for sending arms.
It was only to Jefferson Davis as chief of the re-
bellion that arms could be sent; and to him, in
that character, they were sent. But even if the
rebellion were not at that time manifest in overt
acts—as it clearly was—still the sending of arms
was a positive provocation and contribution to its
outbreak, especially when the arms were sent by
a Senator. And now, at the risk of repetition, I
say again, it is not necessary that the war should
have been commenced on the part of the United
States. It is enough that on the part of Jefferson
Davis, at the date of the letter, there was an actual
levying of war, or, at least, a purpose to levy war;
and in either of these two cases—the last as well
as the first—the guilt of the Senator, offering
arms, was complete—call it treason or call it sim-
ply disloyalty, if you will.
It is vain thatyou seek to surround him on this
occasion with the technical defenses of a judicial
tribunal. This will not do. They are out of place.
God grant that, in the administration of justice, a
citizen arraigned for his life may always be pre-
sumed innocent till he is proved guilty. But while
zealously asserting this presumption in a crim-
inal trial, 1 utterly deny it in the present case.
The two proceedings arc radically unlike. In the
one we think most of the individual: in the other
we think most of the Senate. The flag-officer of
a fleet, or the commander of a garrison, when sus- ;
pected only of correspondence with the enemy, !
is without delay deprived of his command; nor I
can any technical presumptions of innocence be
invoked in his defense. For the sake of the fleet,
for the sake of the garrison, which must not be
betrayed,itisyourduty to sec that ho is deprived
of his command; nor can a suspected Senator,
with all his confidential trusts—legislative, diplo-
matic, and executive—expect any tolerance that
would be denied to a suspected flag-officer, or to
a suspected commander of a garrison. If not
strong, pure, and upright m himself, he must not
expect to find strength, purity, and uprightness
in any presumptions of innocence, or in any tech- I
nical rule of law. For the sake of the Senate he
must be deprived of his place. Afterwards, should
he be arraigned at law, he will be allowed to em-
ploy all the devices and weapons familiar to judi-
cial proceedings.
But there is another illusion into which the Sen &
ator has fallen; and it aeems to me that the Sen-
ator from New York, and perhaps other Senators,
have followed him. It is the assumption that,
in depriving the Senator of his seat, we take from
him something that is really his. Thisjgs a mis-
take. A Senator is simply a trustee. The Sen-
ator is trustee for Indiana. But his fidelity as
trustee is now drawn in question; and since no
person is allowed to continue as trustee whose
character is not above suspicion—inspired, accord-
ing to the language of the law, by uberrima fides
—the case of the Senator should obviously be re-
manded to the State for which he still assumes to
act. Should he be wronged by expulsion, then
will that State promptly return him to his present
trust, and our judgment will be generously re-
versed. The Senator has no right for himself here;
he does not represent himself; but he represents
his State, of which he is the elected, most confi-
dential trustee; and when his fidelity is openly
impeached, there is no personal right which can
become hjs shield. Tell me not of the seat of the
Senator. Let the Senator be cautious in his lan-
guage. By courtesy the seat may be his; but in
reality the seat belongs to Indiana; and this hon-
ored State-—unsurpassed in contributions*to the
patriot armies of the Republic—may justly pro-
test against any longer misrepresentation on this
floor by a disloyal Senator.
But the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan]
exclaims—and the Senator from New York fol-
lows him in saying—that the offense of the Sen-
ator is " treason or nothing." For myself, I have
no hesitation in expressing the conviction that it
is treason. If it be not treason in a Senator to
send arms to an open traitor, whom he at the same
time acknowledges in his traitorous character,
then it were better to blot out the crime of treason
from our statute-book, and to rase its definition
from theConstitution. Sir,itistreason. Buteven
if it be not treason, according to all the technical
requirements of that crime, it is obviously and
unquestionably an act of disloyalty so discred-
itable, so unworthy, and so dangerous as to ren-
der the duty of the Senate imperative. Is itnoth-
ing that the Senator should write friendly letters,
make open acknowledgments, and offer warlike aid
to a public traitor? Is it nothing that, sitting in
this Chamber, the Senator should send to the
chief of the rebellion words of sympathy and
arms of power? Is it nothing that the Senator
should address the traitor in terms of courtesy
and official respect?' Is it nothing that the Sena-
tor should call the traitor " his excellency," and
should hail him " president of the confederate
States?" And is it nothing that the Senatorshould
offer to the traitor thus addressed what, of all
things, he most coveted, destructive arms, to be
turned against that Constitution which the Sena-
tor has sworn to support?
" Is this nothing?
Why, then, the world and all that's in't is nothing;
The covering sky is nothing." * * * *
u Nor nothing have these nothings,
If thi'i be nothing."
Sir, the case is too plain for argument. You
cannot argue that two and two make four; that a
straight line is the shortest distance between two
points; or that the sun shines in the sky. All
these are palpable at once to reason or to sense.
But, if I did not see before me honored Senators,
valued friends, who think otherwise, I should
say that to the patriot soul it is hardly less pal-
pable that a Senator, acknowledging in friendly
correspondence the chief of a rebellion which was
set on foot in defiance of the United States, and
sending to this chief arms, the only use of which
can be in upholding the rebellion, has justly for-
feited that confidence in his loyalty which is as
much needed as his commission to entitle him to
continue in this Chamber. Thecaseis veryplain,
and we have taken too much time to consider it.
We have been dilatory when we ought to have
been prompt, and we have hearkened to technical
defenses when we ought to have surrendered to
that indignation which disloyalty is calculated to
arouse.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr .Clark]
