13©
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 29,
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Frauds on the Treasury—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Reps.
i«adc without any knowledge of mine, r carried out the or-
ders of tUe Depnitmcnt. But when in the settlement I found
the owners had deceived me as to her cost, and Mr. Pook
as lo jjer depth, size, and other matters, J determined to
claim, as I had a right, the usual ship commission of two
Mid a half per cent., and did so; and wrote the Secretary
all the circumstances, adding, that I held it under advise-
ment, crediting to the Department the amount rather than
giving it to the owners, who had not only deceived Mr.
Pook, but had taken from the Mercedita valuable materials
after they had sold her to the Government. Messrs. Jewett
were alone responsible for this last act. Both own-
orahave been to me to ask me to return to them some of the
commission received as a favor, each wishing me not to
give anything to jhe other. I wait your advice and direc-
tions.
In regard to my position, I shall be glad to do what the
Secretary and yourself desire; I firmly believe the commis-
sion paid me by sellers ha* cost the Government nothing.
I mean, that if I had notified owners that I was to receive
nothing, the cost of the vessels to the Government would
have been about the same, and sellers would have paid twice
and thrice to brokeia what they have paid to me. Tins
amount of the Mcrcedlta's commission stands as I have be-
fore stated, and at the time f received ifsuhject to your de-
cision. f took It first because it was just and right, (fortius
vessel took up much of my time, ami led to much corre-
spondence,) though I had not positively claimed it before I
discovered their fraud and quarrel; secondly, because as
they had deceived the Department in the value of the ves-
sel, 1 felt It belonged to the Department, and so wrote atthe
time, and therefore did not relinquish it. If you will re-
member I talked with you about the matter. In the matter
of commissions it has seemed proper to be uniform since
the investigating committee 'made a point of the variation
Irt rates already received. The owners of the Merced ita
endeavored to sell her to your Department at $130,000, and
Anally gold her at equivalent to $85,000.
Yours truly, GEORGE D. MORGAN.
Hon. G. V. I-'ox, Assistant Secretary of the Nauy.
New Yoiik, October 17, 1861.
Gentlemen: a list of several aruclcstakeri from the pro-
peller Mcrcedita lias been handed in to Afr George D. Mor-
gan, who now claims them as being included in the purchase
of the boat, and, therefore, property of the United States
Government. Mr. Pook instate on having these things, and
I, for my part, do not raise any objection to their delivery,
which would only be the cause ot a useless and avoidable
dispute.
I am,1gentlemen, your obedient servant,
. • R. SEIG.
Messrs. James C. Jbwett & Co., Present.
No. 43 Sooth .Street,
Nkw York, October 17, 1861.
Dear Sir? Wc received lrom you this day a paper with-
Otttsiguature, headed ; {< AiticleH belonging to steamer Mer-
cedita, now in possession of Jnme* 0. Jewett & Co."
We will immediately see Mr. Westervolt with this paper,
and the requisition of Mr. took for the alterations, and our
letters written at the time we sold the Merced ita to the Gov -
ernmeiH; and whatever Mr. Webtervelt says we should do,
we by this letter consider out selves bound to do.
We detfirc to bay here, that the whole pnpei wo consider
made out to give us ami yourself amiovanee. Wc profess
to bo too hoiioiabjo to seek to wrong our Government out
of one penny.
We are your obedient servants,
„ JAMES C. JEWETT & CO.
George D. Morgan, Esq., picsent.
New York, November L'0,1861.
Sir: In regard to your action in the purchase of the
steamer Mercedita lot the Government, and all your trans-
actions connected theiewith, i feel that you have acted in
the most honorable manner, both towards the owners and
the Government, and entirely satisfactory to me.
l am, sir, your obedient servant,
9EIG, Oitmer of seven tenths.
Qkoroe D. Moroah, Esq., Present.
Statement.
The first information that the Nashville had succeeded
tn entiling Boaufoithaibor. North Carolina, was received
atthcDcpaitmeiit by the Old Point mail at noon on the 6th
01 JVfaich, when Immediately the following dispatch was
sent by telegraph to Captain Hudson, commanding the navy-
yard at Boston : " Send two of the small gunboat* imme-
diately off Boaufott, North Carolina, signed G V. Fox,
Assistant Secretary,to which the Uqmitment icceivcd
answer that the Chocura would he sent next day, 7th. and
the Penobscot oit Monday, 10th.
I he Department also, on the same day, Match 6. wrote
to Captain John Marion, in command of the fleet at Hamp-
ton uoadf), asking lor a more deuuteu statement of the cir-
cunmauces attending the running of the blockade by the
Nashville, and closing with the following words; " The
Department is unable to learn what measures von can take
to keep the Nashville m Beaufort, but they should becharac-
Uracil,y cmc,™ as that point is threatened by General
to ™capc'  Na l>v> « "lust seek the firstopportumty
On the same day the Department telceraphod to the officer
superintending the lepain at Baltimore, asking when the
Monticeifo and Afbatross would be ready for sea and was
informed in reply by telegraph that the Albatross'would be
ready on the Juth, and the Monucello k< not for two weeks "
By letter next day the Department was informed by the
Jg. officer that the Albatross would be ready on Monday,
On the 7th, the Department wrote to Commander Pren-
tiss,of the Albatross,asking when she would be ready and
s^ngforward the work, and was informed in reply on
the Wi , that She would he ready on the 13th,
On the 15th, 17th, and 19th, the Department, by letter,
urged the rapid completion of the necessary repairs to these
ve& els, but, notwithstanding repeated promises and con-
tinued exertion, it was not until the21st that the Albatross
left Baltimore, the Mount Vernon having left on the 17th.
Captain Hudson, in command at the Boston navy-yard,
informed the Depaitment, as stated in the first part of this
paper, that the Chocura would sail on the 7th, and the
Penobscot on the 10th ; but on the 8th he was informed and
wrote to the Department that the former would require
three days for repairs to her machinery, and that'the latter
could not be ready until the 12th ; and on tiie IOtli he tele-
graphed to the Department that they ctfuld not be got off
before Wednesday night, (March 12,) although the great-
est possible exertion was being made to hurry them.
Notwithstanding the efforts made, the Penobscot was
not got to sea until the 12th, and the Chocura until the
17th. <• owing to neglect of contractors to complete their
worn."
On the 17th, Flag-Officer Goldsborough reported to the
Department the arrival of the United States steamer State
of Georgia at Hampton Roads, from off Beaufoit, having
come for coals and supplies, and that she would return to
her station the moment >he had received them.
On the 18th the following letter was received by the De-
partment from Commodore Goldsboroush:
United States Plagsiiip Minnesota,
Hampton Roads, Va., Match 18, 1862.
Sir: T have the honor to inform the Deportment that
early this morning I dispatched the United States steamer
Chippewa, with all speed, to assist in the blockade oft' Beau-
fort, North Carolina; alto, that I have given mdeis to Com-
mander Prentiss, of the United States steamer Albatio^s,
now at Baltimore, to proceed to the same point immedi-
ately on the completion of his repaiis. The United States
steamer State of Georgia will return thither as soon as she
has finished coaling and provisioning. * * *■
L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH.
Hon. Gideon wrixes, Secretary of the Navy
It was not, as before mated. until the 23d that he was
finally enabled to get the Albatross otf to her destination.
Extract from a Report of Commander M Woodhull.
United Statfs Steamer Connecticut,
New York, February 19, 1862.
Sir: * * * * This vessel left New I'ork
with an immense weight of cargo. She was deeper by one
foot four inches than ever bcfoie; her coppei was sub-
merged neatly two feet, and the dip of her paddles was about
seven feet six inches. You can from these data well imagine
the strain she sustained, necessarily, on hei engines and
hull, notwithstanding, she performed splendidly. She is one
of the finest, strongest, and fastest steamers now m the ser-
vice, and I frel fully justified in saying she is woith every
dollar paid for her. I doubt very muck if the Government
could duplicate the Connecticut for anything like the amount
paid. Her engines, especially, are master-pieces ot engi-
neering skill, and ^o pronounced by all the many experts
who have examined and witnessed their performance.
** ********
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. WOODHULL,
Commander United States Nany.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy, Washing-
ton, X). C.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY.
SPEECH OP WILLIAM S. HOLMAN,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
dpril 29, 1862,
On the report of the select committee on Government
contracts.
Mr. HOLMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to continue briefly this
grave and dignified discussion. I shall attempt
to consnlt brevity, because it is desirable that these
resolutions should be finally voted upon to-day.
I shall speak with a greater degree of freedom",
inasmuch as I am entirely impartial in this discus-
sion. The belligerents who have appeared upon
the stage m the presence of the House and the
countiy have been animated, while I am coo! and
dispassionate, and trust [ shall be able to apeak
with impartiality upon the grave questions before
the House.
The spectacle presented is somewhat remark-
able. 1 remember to have read somewhere in Ro-
man history that when Tiberius Gracchus came
upon the stage of political life, he found every-
where, pervading the public service, fraud and
corruption, and lie essayed himself to the task of
reforming these public abuses. And I have read
sir, that the party of which that illustrious Roman
was a member, the patrician, not willing that the
abuses which had grown up in their midst, and
upon which they had grown rich at the expense
of the republic, should be remedied, conspiring
1,1 met ®.raccllU3 nea"' the senate cham-
bei of the republic, and smote him to the earth,
,e P?,rtals of the temple of the law
with his blood, The conspirators are forgotten
or survive only for the execration of mankind J
but Tiberius Gracchus still lives, and history will
not consent that his name should be forgotten. In
this instance, in somewhat modified form, how
wonderfully has history been reproduced. Three
of the most distinguished members of the domi-
nant party of the country, eminent for their long
connection with the public service, men of un-
questioned integrity, whose very names would be
a tower of strength and an honor to any political
organization, have been assailed in a manner re-
markable and unprecedented because they would
not connive at the robbery of the Treasury. Sir,
I envy them. If I could have my name written
Upon the history of my country, I should glory
in occupying their position — assailed and de-
nounced because, when the Republic is in danger
and its loyal sons pour out their blood like water
to saTe it, they had risen above party in their so-
licitude for their country. Sir, patriotism knows
no nobler sacrifice than this.
But it is not my purpose to indulge in general
debate. I propose to come to the discussion of
the practical questions before the House. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
eminent at least for his position "as a lawyer and
statesman, has thought proper to assail this com-
mittee for questioning the wisdom and integrity
of the War Department in the employment of
Alexander Cummings,oras the Secretary of War
calls him, Dr. Alexander Cummings, in the pur-
chase of certain military supplies for the Govern-
ment. And the committee proposes, in this con-
nection, or, I had better say—for it is more in
accordance with the fact—I propose, by the reso-
lution which I submitted to the House, to 'cen-
sure Simon Cameron, the late Secretary of War,
for that employment and the motive which in-
spired it.
I owe it to the country, I owe it to the House,
and I owe it to my own constituents to state the
grounds upon which the resolution is based. The
resolution is founded on the report only, and not
on the general record of the Secretary of War.
Alexander Cummings was an editor of a news-
paper in the city of Philadelphia. Shortly before
the breaking out of the present difficulties he had
gone to New York, still retaining his residence m
Philadelphia, and became connected with the pub-
lication of the paper called the World. He had
no general business experience, and no experience
in connection with military supplies. When our
difficulties broke out there were m the city of New
York the ordinary number of men engaged in the
public service, in the military departments. There
were Colonel JD. D. Tompkins, one of the purest
and most upright men in the country acting as
quartermaster; Major Eaton, assistant commis-
sary general,and Commodore Breese, command-
er of the navy-yard. It is a remarkable fact,
that with these three distinguished public servants
right thereupon the ground,men whose integrity
had been confirmed by forty years of public ser-
vice, and never called in question, Simon Cam-
eron placed under the control of Alexander Cum-
mings the sum of $2,000,000, to be expended in the
city of New York, without restriction or limit, in
the purchase of military stores.
Mr. McPHERSON. Did I understand the
gentleman to say that the Secretary of War placed
under the control of Alexander Cummings the
sum of ^2,000,000?
Mr. HOLMAN. Ho placed #2,000,000 of the
public treasure under the control of Alexander
Cummings.
Mr. MePHERSON. Were not the facts these:
that the funds were placed at the disposal of Alex-
ander Cummings and his colleagues by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, under the direction of the
President ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I thank the gentleman from
1 ennsylvania for the interruption, because it en-
ables me to state more clearly the facts connected
with the transaction than I otherwise should have
done, and because it enables me to bring before
the country the strong contrast and difference be-
tween two ministers of the Government, the Sec-
retary of the Tveasury and the late Secretary of
War, and to show the motives by which one of
them at least was actuated.
The $2,000,000, as a matter of course, came
from the Treasury. It was placed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and subject to their control
