1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
consin, urging passage of the bill reported by
Hon. F. P. Blair, jr., from the Committee on
Military Affairs in the House, providing for the
construction of a ship canal between Lake Mich-
igan and the Mississippi river, believing such a
work essential to the protection and safety of the im-
mense commerce of the lakes; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGE OF COMMODITIES.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
Instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for the exchange of the commodities! and productions
of the United States, tlirough our ministers, consuls, vice
consuls, and commissioners, with the different Govern-
ments to which they are accredited—to report by bill or
otherwise.
BILL INTRODUCE!?.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 270)
concerning the courts of the United States in and
for the district of Michigan, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. I'ESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the amendments
of the House to the bill (H. R. No. 259) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1863.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The Chair will
present the bill. The House of Representatives
having passed the act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June 1863, it
was sent to the Senate for concurrence. The Sen-
ate passed the bill with certain amendments, which
carried it back to the House of Representatives
for their concurrence in the Senate amendments.
The House concurred in certain of the amend-
ments of the Senate, and disagreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate. The bill is therefore returned
to the Senate; and the proper question is, "Will
the Senate insist upon its amendments disagreed to
by the House?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the motion that
the Senate insist on its amendments, and ask a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Coliamer, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Latham, the
committee of conference on the part of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 108)
for the release of certain persons held to service
or labor in the District of Columbia.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
_ The message further announced that the Pres-
idcntof the United States had approved and signed,
on the 2d instant, the following bill and joint res-
olution:
- An act (H. R. No. 318) to prohibit the allow-
ance orjmyment of pensions to the children of
offtcers'and soldiers of the war of the Revolution;
and
\ A resolution (H. R. No. 49) for the appoint-
| ment of Theodore D. Woolsey, of Connecticut,
| a regent of the Smithsonian Institution, in place
j of Cornelius C. Felton, deceased.
t Also, that the President had approved and signed,
on the 10th instant, the toll owing joint resolutions:
j A resolution- (H. R. No, 48) declaring that the
/ United States ought to cooperate with, affording
V pecuniary aid to, any State which may adopt the
gradual abolishment of slavery; and
A resolution (H. R. No. 59) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to test plans and materials
for rendering ships and floating batteries m vulner-
SUKUENDER, OF SLAVES BY THE ARMY
r'<T f Mr- WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, the Senate proceeded to consider the follow-
ing resolution, submitted by him on the 3d of
April:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affjirs and
the Militia be directed to consider and report whether any
further legislation is necessary to prevent persons employed
in the military service of the United States from aiding in
the return or control over persons claimed as fugitive slaves,
and to punish them therefor.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend the reso-
lution by adding to it:
And to report what reorganization of the Army in its
personnel, or otherwise, may be necessary to promote the
public welfare, and bring the rebellion to a speedy and
triumphant end.
It is, of course, to be expected that there will
be great differences of opinion among the friends
of the Government as to the manner in which the
present war should be conducted. Such differ-
ences are the natural results of our various do-
mestic institutions, systems of education, modes
of thought, degrees of civilization, and of indi-
vidual opinions of the necessities of our situation.
But there arc certain great fundamental principles
upon which, one would think, all ought to agree.
We certainly ought to do nothing and suffer noth-
ing to be done calculated in any degree to repel or
paralyze the efforts of our friends at home, who
are doing everything in their power to encourage
and sustain the soldiers in the field. While in-
culcating the necessity of the strictest obedience
to military duty, it should be constantly borne in
mind that ours are a citizen soldiery, soon to re-
turn to the bosom of civil society, and that the
performance of no unsoldierly duty should be re-
quired of them that would be calculated to impair
their self-respect, diminish their regard for their
officers, incite them to rebel againstdiscipline,or
taint their reputations at home. It must not be
expected that the natural instincts of humanity
will be stifled by military orders, and surely our
soldiers should not be required to assist in the
perpetration of acts against which every enlight-
ened sentimcntof their hearts revolts. One would
think that all men would agree in pronouncing
that a cruel and despotic order which repeals the
divine precept, " inasmuch as ye did it not to one
of the least of these ye did it not to me," and ar-
bitrarily forbids the soldier to bestow a crust of
bread or a cup of water upon a wretched, famish-
ing fugitive escaping from our own as well as from
his enemy. Yet, Mr. President, 1 grieve to say
that there are those high in rank in the service of
the United States who have sought to break down
the spirit of manhood, which is the crowning glory
of true soldiers, by requiring them to do acts out-
side of thoir profession which they abhor, and to
smother all impulses to those deeds of charity
which they have been taught to believe are the
characteristics of Christian gentlemen.
It was known to the country at an early day
after the commencement of the war, that some mil-
itary commanders were abusing the great power
intrusted to them, and were employing the Army
to assist in the capture and rendition of fugitive
slaves, not in aid of any judicial process, but in
obedience to their own unbridled will. The effect
of this assumption of unauthorized power was to
incite the soldiery to disobedience, and to arouse
the people to the necessity of proper legislative
restraints. It was in compliance with the pop-
ular sentiment on this subject that Congress
enacted the additional article of war, which was
approved on the 13th of March last, and which
declared that
" All officers or persons in the military or naval service of
the United States are piolubitod from employing any of the
forces under tfieir respective command's lor the'pmposc or'
returning fugitives from seiviee or labor, who may have
escaped from any peisons to whom such service or labor
is claimed to be due, and any officer who shall be found
guilty by court-maitiai of violating this article shall be dis-
missed irom the service."
It was intended by this article to prevent the
military service from becoming odious to the peo-
ple who support the war, and degrading to those
who have volunteered to fight under our banners.
It simply declares that the Army of the United
States snail not be perverted from the legitimate
use for which it was raised, while it interferes in
no degree with the claim of any man to a person
alleged to be a slave; it leaves questions of that
character to be settled, and rights of that descrip-
tion to be enforced by other than the military au-
thority^ The intention of those who voted for
that article was, not to abridge any man's rights,
but to leave every one to his legal remedies as
though no war existed.
How is this new article of war enforced ? It
has been promulgated to the Army it is true. It
may not be openly and avowedly violated. Sol-
diers may not hereafter be required to actually
perform the humiliating office of fastening man-
acles upon the limbs of persons said to be slaves,
nor to escort them to the residences of their mas-
ters; but the experience of the last few days has
taught us that, notwithstanding the new article of
war, our military officers suffer their camps to be
invaded by armed detachments of slave-hunters,
without the support of any process of law, who
there attempt to shoot, maim, and kill with impu-
nity those whom they claim to be slaves, while
our soldiers are required to stand indifferently by
and witness the inhuman work. There seems to
be a purpose in some quarters to do by indirec-
tion what cannot be done directly. The object
being to serve slaveholders, whether loyal or rebel,
(and they are generally rebels,) there seems to be
a disposition on the part of some officers to travel
around a law which they dare not break through.
Unable any longer to compel the soldiers to engage
in the search, capture, and rendition of slaves,
they now authorize slave-hunters, armed with pis-
tols and military orders, to traverse their camps
in search of their prey, and, by threat of military
punishment, attempt to compel the soldiers to re-
main quiescent witnesses of the atrocities that may
be committed. There is no controversy about the
fact, the evidence is overwhelming and is to be
found on every hand. General Joseph Hooker,
a native of Massachusetts, in command of a divis-
ion of our Army, a short time since issued an
order, of which the following is a copy:
Headquarters, Hooker's Division, Camp Baker,
Lower Potomac, March 26,1863.
To Brigade and Regimental Commanders of this Division:
Messis. Nally, Gray, Dummmgton, Dent, Adams, Speoke,
Price, Posey, and Uobey, citizens of Maryland, have ne-
gioes supposed to be with some of the regiments of this
division; the biigadici gencial commanding directs that they
bo permitted to visit all the camps of his command, in se.nch
of their propeity,and if found, that they bo allowed to take
possession of the same, without any mterfeience whatever.
Should any obstacle be thrown in their way by any officer
or soldier in the division, they will be at once'reported by
the regimental commanders to these headquaiters.
By command of Brigadier General Hooker.
JOSEPH DfCKlNSON,
Assistant Adjutant General.
It will be observed that this order authorizes
nine persons, citizens of Maryland, to visit the
camps of Hooker's division, without any judicial
or other process than this military order, and there
search for slaves " without any interference what-
ever,"and tk should any obstacle be thrown in
their way, by any officer or soldier in the divis-
ion," they are threatened with an instantreport to
headquarters and a consequent court-martial and
punishment. The appearance and conduct of this
band of marauders produced precisely the result
that might have been anticipated. In describing
it, I use the language of the officer in command of
one of the regimental camps which they visited
and attempted to search:
Headquarters Second Regiment
Excelsior Brigade, Camp Hall. March 27, 1869.
Lieutenant - Incompliance with verbal directions from
Brigadier Gcneial D. E. Sickles, to repou as to the occur-
rence at this camp on the afternoon of the 26th instant, I
beg leave to submit the following:
At about 3.30 o'clock, p. m., March 26. 1862, admission
within our lines was demanded bv a paity of horsemen,
(civilian*,) numbering, perhaps, fifteen. They presented
the lieutenant commanding the guard with an order of en-
trance from Biigadier General Joseph Hooker, command-
ing division, (copy appended,) the order stating that nine
mun should be admitted. I ordered that the balance of the
paity should remain without the line^; which was done.
Upon the appearance ot' the others, there was visible dis-
satistaction and considerable murmuring among the sol-
dier, to so great an extent that I almost feared for the safety
of the slaveowners. At this time General Sickles oppor-
tunely arrived, and instructed me to order them outside the
camp, winch I did, amidst the loud cheers of our soldieis.
It is pioper toadd, that before entering our lines, and within
about seventy-five oi one hundred yaids of our camp, one
of their number discharged two pistol shots at a negro, who
was tunning pa&t them, with an cvidentintention oftaking
his life. This justly eniaged our men.
AH of which is respectfully submitted.
Your obedient servant, * JOHN TOLEN,
Major Commanding Second Regiment, K. B.
Lieutenant J. L. Palmer, Jr., A. D. C. and A. A. A. G.
Mr. President, are such scenes as were witnessed
in this camp calculated to promote discipline and
to inspire rpspect for the officers in command, or
affection for the Government that tolerates them?
Doubtless, such officers will find methods to grat-
ify their tastes in this direction, but I trust that
they will not long be permitted to torment bet-
ter men than themselves, who happen to be their
inferiors in rank. Is it unreasonable to ask the
