1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651
Government to sec to it that the spirit of the law
of Congress shall not be evaded by indirection;
and that examples of passion and violence and
murder shall not be exhibited in our camps with
the connivance or under the authority of our mil-
itary officers?
The Senator from Ohio made to us, a few days
ago, a most extraordinary statement of the con-
dition of affairs at the capital of his own State. In
one of the military camps in the city of Colum-
bus, are several hundred rebel prisoners of war.
Some of them are attended by colored servants,
claimed as slaves. These servants have been
transported at Government expense, fed, clothed,
and doctored by the Government; and while the
rebel officers are allowed the freedom of the city
upon parole, the servants are strictly guarded and
confined in camp by our own soldiers. The free
State of Ohio is virtually converted by the order
or by the assent of a military commander, and
againstthe wishes of the people, into a slave State;
and that order is enforced by men in our employ-
ment and under our pay. And this state of things
doesnotexistin Columbus alone. Muchindigna-
tion was felt and expressed in the State of Illinois,
where the same practice was allowed to prevail
among the prisoners captured at Fort Donelson.
The greater part, if not all, of these prisoners, who
had slaves attending them at the camp near Chi-
cago, were transferred soon after arriving there,
the Government paying the cost of transporting
both whites and blacks. Whether this transfer
was prompted by a knowledge of the popular in-
dignation that had been excited, and a fear lest
the tenure by which the prisoners held them as
slaves was hourly becoming more and more inse-
cure, I will not undertake to say.
How long, think you, will this method of deal-
ing with the rebels be endured by the freemen of
tins country? Are our brothers and sons to be
confined wi thin the walls of tlie tobacco warehouses
and jails of Richmond and Charleston, obliged to
perform the most menial offices, subsisted upon
the most stinted diet, their lives endangered if they
attempt to obtain a breath of fresh air, or a beam
of God's sunlight at a window, while the rebels
captured by those very men are permitted to go at
large upon parole, to be pampered with luxuries,
to be attended by slaves, and the slaves guaided
from escape by our own soldiers? Well might
the General Assembly of the State of Ohio ask, in
the language of a committee of their Senate:
u Why were these slaves taken at ail? They weie not,
and had not been in anna against the Government—their
|)if<cnce at Foit Donelson was not even voluntaiy. Why
ai ' they retained in prison? They have done nn wrong—
they deserve no punishment. Is it to furnish icbel officers
with scivants? And was it for this tney were transpoited
at the expense of the Government and are now subsisted at
hei cost? I* our constitutional piovision thus to be made
a nullity, and slavery piactically established in Ohio? And
tlii-s undei the protection and at the expense of the Federal
Government."
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question of the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Was it stated that the
slaves of Tennessee were kept as prisoners of
war in Ohio? I did not understand you so to
state it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Slaves were captured at
Port Donelson, brought to Ohio, and put in the
same piison with their masters, and kept there.
Mr. McDOUGALL. And held as prisoners ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Hold there and rendered
menial service to those officers.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understood you to state
that they waited on their masters; but I did not
understand you to state that they were held by
the Government of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. They were held by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and draw rations^
now, and are supported by the Government ol
the United States. 1 will state for the benefit of
my friend that I have here a letter from the chair-
man of the committee of the Senate who made
that report.
Mr. GRIMES. Tho Senator will permit mc
to £0 on, and it can be read afterwards.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. In the month of February last,
an officer of the third regiment of Iowa infantry,
stationed at a small town in Missouri, succeeded
m captuiing several rebel bridge-bitrneis, and
some leci uiting officers belonging to Pi ice s army.
The information that led to their captute was fur-
nished by two or three remarkably shrewd and
intelligent slaves, claimed by a lieutenant colonel
in the rebel army. Shortly afterwards the mas-
ter dispatched an agent, with instructions to seize
the slaves and convey them within the rebel lines,
whereupon the Iowa officer himself seized them
and reported the circumstances to headquarters.
The slaves soon understanding the full import of
General Halleck's celebrated order No. 3, two of
them attempted an escape. This was regarded as
an unpardonable sin. The Iowa officer was im-
mediately placed under arrest, and a detachment
of the Missouri State militia—men in the pay of
this Government and under the command of Gen-
eral Iialleck—were sent in pursuit of the fugitives.
The hunt was successful. The slaves were caught
and returned to their traitor master, but not until
one of them had been shot by order of the soldier
in command of the pursuing party.
Mr. President, how long shall we permit such
conduct as this to go unrebuked? Does anyone
suppose that the people will quietly submit to the
imposition of taxes to support a State militia in
the field that is to be employed in the capture of
slaves for the benefit of officers in the rebel army ?
Is it supposed that the Senators from Iowa will
silently, patiently permit the gallant officers from
that State to be outraged in the manner I have
described ?
It is quite time, Mr. President, that some defi-
nite policy should be established for the treatment
of cscaped slaves; and I am of the opinion that
Congress has been grossly derelict in permitting
the evil to go so long unregulated and unchecked.
We have almost as many diverse systems of deal-
ing with this class of persons as we have military
departments. In one military district fugitive
slaves have been pursued, flogged, and returned
to their masters by our Army; in another they
have been simply pursued and returned without
flogging; in another they have been pursued and
shotin the attempt to return them; in another they
have been termed "contraband," and received
within our lines in the mixed character of persons
and property. In the absence of any authoritative
declaration of Congress, none of these modes may
be held to be in conflict with law other than the
law of common sense and common decency.
It is obvious that the ai ticlc of war which I
have quoted does not meet the case presented by
Major General Halleck in his order No. 3. That
celebiatod manifesto declares in substance that all
persons from the enemy's country shall be ex-
cluded from our lines. The plain purpose of the
order is to prohibit fugitive slaves from escaping
from the rebellious districts, and thereby securing
their freedom. It was doubtless competent for
General Halleck to issue such an order, and it is
equally competent for Congress, which has made
and continues to make ai tides of war for the gov-
ernment of the Army and Navy, to countermand
it. And, sir, it ought to be countermanded. I
will not pause to discuss the humanitarian feat-
ures of the question. Public policy, no less than
popular feeling, demands that order No. 3 be for-
ever erased. There never was a war waged m
the history of the world where the means of ac-
quiring information of the enemy's position and
numbers from people in his own midst was more
ample than here, and there never was one where
the commanding officeis have suffered more fiom
lack of such information. Order No. 3 proposes
to incorporate the fatuity and blindness which re-
mained unwritten in other military departments (
into a historical lecord and a public advertise- j
merit. It proposes to warn all poisons against i
bringing information of the enemy's movements j
to our camps under penalty of being turned back j
to leceive such punishment as the enemy may j
choose to inflict for betraying them, or for run- j
ning away and betraying combined. No oigan- \
ization of secret service can meet all the requiie-
menta of an army operating in an enemy's coun-
try, unless aided by ?ome poition of the inhabitants
of the country. What folly, then, to wall out and
repel the very inhabitants who might bring us the
information we most need, and who have every-
where shown an eagerness to do so!
It is the undoubted right ami the duty of every
nation, when engaged m a righteous war—and no i
other than a righteous wai is justifiable at all to i
avail itself of every legitimate means known to ;
l! civilized warfare to overcome its enemies. What
H will be thought by posterity of this nation, if, in {
the present emergency, we not only fail to employ
the agencies which Providence seems to nave
placed at our disposal, but actually seek every
opportunity to exasperate and drive from our sup-
port those who are anxious to serve us? Were
the Russian nobles now engaged in a rebellion
against their Government, would we not regard
their emperor as guilty of the greatest folly if
he not only declined to enlist the serfs of his em-
pire to aid in suppressing lire insurrection, but re-
pelled them from his service and allowed his gen-
erals to return them to his rebellious nobles, to
be used by them in overthrowing his authority?
And can any one tell me the difference between
the case I have put and our own ?
The whole history of the world does not ex-
hibit a nation guilty of such extreme fatuity as
has marked Uig conduct of our Government in its
treatment of the colored population since the pres-
ent war began. It seems to be impossible to con-
vince ourselves that wary with all of its attendant
responsibilities and calamities, really exists, apd
that future generations will not hold those guilt-
less who refuse to use any of the means which
God has placed in their hands to bring it to a
speedy and successful termination. History will
pronounce those men criminal who, in this crisis
of the nation's fate, consult the prejudices of
caste or color, and regard the interests of property
of paramount importance to the unity of the na-
tion.
It is useless to attempt to blink out of sight the
great issues before us; issues thatmus* be settled,
and settled by us. It were wiser and more manly
to meet them squarely and at once. We arc in
the midst of the greatest revolution that ever oc-
curred in ancient or modern times. Such armies
as are now marshaled in hostile array on this con-
tinent, in point of numbeis, equipment, and ex-
pense, have been hitherto unknown in the annals
of mankind. We are imposing burdens in the
form of taxes that will be felt by unborn genera-
tions. We arc suiTering much now; we expect
and are willing to suffer more. And why? Be-
cause we desire to preserve the integrity of our
nation; because we believe that Heaven designed
us to be one people with one destiny; the freest
and happiest on earth. It was to preserve that
unity of our national existence that our sons and
brothers have gone forth to do battle. For this
it was that the gallant men of Iowa have freely,
triumphantly, laid down their lives at Wilson's
Creek, Blue Mills, Relmont, Fort Donelson, Pea
Ridge, and Pittsburg. And shall we, after these
great sacrifices of life and treasure, hesitate about
employing any of the instrumentalities in aid of
the Country that are known to civilized warfare?
Shall we not be recreant to our high trust if we
doubt or delay in this paiticular?
This war will go on until rebellion is subdued.
Upon this point there need be no controversy.
Rely upon it, the northwestern States will sub-
mit to no temporizing or compromising policy.
They are too much in earnest; they have suffered
too much already; they know too well what they
would be compelled to suffer in the future to allow
treason to go unpunished. It is because they
desire to prevent the recurrence of the rebellion
that they demand that it shall now be thoroughly
crushed out. Among things necessary to bedone
to fully accomplish this purpose, we must con-
quer and hold all of the forts and strong positions
on the south Atlantic and Gulf coasts. How
shall they be gartisoned when captured? This is
a question we shall soon be compelled to answer;
and I am prepared for its solution. I answer it
unhesitatingly that we should garrison them, in
whole or in part, by soldiers of African descent;
that instead of returning slaves to their rebel mas-
ters to fight against usj* we should employ them
in our own military seivice.
I know very well that this proposition encount-
ers at once all the prejudices that have been en-
gendered by differences of race, education, and
social position; but let us look at it a moment so-
berly and practically. It is assumed as admitted
by ail that the southern forts must be captured and
strongly garrisoned forsome years tocome. They
arc situated in a warm and enervating climate, and
the particular location of nearly all of them ren-
deis them more than usually unhealthy, even for
that section of the country. In addition to the
forts already established, wo shall bo compelled
to build new ones. The rebels rely upon the dis-
