1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
37th Cong.... 2d Sbss.
Frauds on the Treasury—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Reps.
as sub-Treasurers, in the hands of Dix, Blatch-
ford, and Opdyke. I desire to call the attention
of the House to two, at least, of the names I have
mentioned. Atleast two of those men—Dix and
Opdyke—one belonging to the Democratic party,
and the other to the Republican party, are emi-
nent in their social as well as in their political
associations in the city of New York; the one
now a general in the Army, the other the mayor
of the imperial city; men whose very names will
be a guarantee to the whole country that not one
dollar of that $2,000,000 would be improperly ex-
pended. Of Mr. Blatchford 1 know less, because
his name is not familiar to the country. The
Secretary of the Treasury securely placed that
$2,000,000 under their control, and they left the
money in the sub-Treasury; yet, strange to tell,
the Secretary of War, stating that he desired to
procure the services of an honorable and shrewd
man to manage affairs in connection with the pur-
chase of supplies in New York, places the whole
of that $2,000,000 subject to the draft of Alexan-
der Cummings, a man without experience or es-
tablished reputation; and so completely was the
money under his control—and I speak by the rec-
ord—that not one single dollar could be drawn
from the sub-Treasury, or from the charge of
those three distinguished citizens, even for the pur-
pose of paying expenses which they might incur,
unless it was upon the draft of Alexander Cum-
mings; and his drafts were not withheld. With-
in a very few days after this extraordinary power
was conferred upon him, he drew a quarter of
a million of that money, and put $160,000 of it
to his own credit, in connection with his own
funds, if he had any, in the Park Bank of the city
of New York. If the transaction was honest,
why withdraw the money from the sub-Treasury,
and deposit in the bank? How eager was this
" competent and reliable" agent of Simon Cam-
eron to get the money beyond the control of the
sub-Treasurer or of the upright citizens to whom
it was confided by the Secretary of the Treasury!
The testimony shows that he withdrew the money
in a. few days. Why withdraw the money from
their hands at all ? Why take it away from the
sub-Treasury? Why deposit to hisown account,
and mix it up, as he states in his testimony ho
did, with his own funds? He deposited to his own
account $160,000, the other $90,000 being placed
in the hands of Mr. Blatchford to meet the ex-
penses of such purchases as Blatchford himself
might make.
Mr. VOORHEES. I wish to ask my colleague
in this connection whether the Secretary of War
required from Mr". Cummings any security, any
bond, or any oath, for the faithful application of
this money placed in his hands?
Mr. HOLMAN. Not even the oath of office,
nor a scratch of the pen—no security whatever. At
that unfortunate moment, when it was manifest
that the nation would be driven to the very last
extremity in sustaining us integrity and honor,
this large sum of $2,000,000 was placed in the
hands of Alexander Cummings, the publisher of
a newspaper, without the slightest secuiity for its
proper application. It admits of no extenuation
or excuse; for what I complain of, and what the
country has a right to complain of, is, that at that
very time there were in the city of New York the
upright and competent officers whom I have men-
tioned, connected with the several Departments
of the Government, through whom these same
purchases might have been safely and prudently
made.
Mr. McPIIERSON. I am not familiar with
all the facts of this case, and I wish to ask the
gentleman a question from a sincere desire to ob-
tain information. So far as T have been able to
examine the documents issued by the various De-
partments of the Government at that time, i do
not find anything from the War Department giv-
ing to this gentleman unlimited power over this
money; and I do not understand how the War
Department could give any such authority to any
person over money deposited by the Secretary of
the Treasury in the hands of a third person. I
hold in my hand a letter of Secretary Chase, dated
April 24, 1861, in which he states that drafts for
$2,000,000 had gone forward to New Yoik on that
day to the credit of Messrs. Dix, Opdyke, and
Blatchford, and in which he also states the lim-
itations under which the money was to be applied
in the following words:
" The purpose of this fund is to meet only such requisi-
tions as may be directly consequent upon the military and
naval measures necessary for the defense and support of
the Government. You are thmefore authorized and re-
quested to pay such demands upon you, within the above
limit, as ar«s presented to you by the duly constituted agents
of the Government."
It seems to me that, under that authority of the
Secretary of the Treasury, these gentlemen had
a check upon the disbursements of the constituted
agent of the War Department, and that no part
of this money could be expended except by their
consent and by their approval. I do not under-
stand how it could be possible for the Secretary of
War, even if he so desired, to take this §2,000,000
out of the hands of the parties with whom the
Secretary of the Treasury had deposited it, and
transfer it to the agent of the War Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Alexander Cummings
and the Secretary of War took a different view of
the case; just the view that I have stated. Mr.
Cummings's testimony fully corroborates every
word 1 have uttered. It is before the House and
the country. This money was placed in the hands
of these three gentlemen by the Secretary of the
Treasury, subject to the control of the War De-
partment; and that Department subjected it exclu-
sively to the orders of Governor Morgan or of
Alexander Cummings, or of cither one of them,
in the absence of the other. And I might as well
state here that (governor Morgan, of New York,
never acted or attempted to act, and never made
any purchases; so that, in every sense of the
word, whatever was done was the act of Alex-
ander Cummings, and such was the intention of
the Secretary of War. I will state further that
the gentleman will find on file in the Third Aud-
itor's office the accounts filed for the purpose of
meeting this expenditure of this $250,000, indeed
of $390,000, filed as expenditures made by Alex-
ander Cummings.
Mr. McPIIERSON. I would ask whether
there was filed with these vouchers or indorsed
upon any of the bills the approval of either of the
three gentlemen he has named ?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 did not examine the vouch-
ers.
Mr. McPIIERSON. I think the gentleman is
probably laboring under a mistake as to that par-
ticular point. I clo not see how it is possible that
these bills can have been paid without the approval
of those gentlemen.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is not a shadow of am-
biguity in the language of Mr. Cummings. I am
stating my case from his own evidence, and there
is not a shadow of ambiguity. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania says that there is, 1 will cer-
tainly permit him to correct me. But the language
is explicit. Although the money was placed in
thehandsofMes^rs. Dix,Opdyke,and Blatchford,
it was alone subject to his order, and he also drew
from the sub-Treasuiy the $90,000 which Mr.
Blatchford expended in purchasing supplies for
the Government.
Mr. DAWES. If my colleague will yield to
me for a moment, I can call to his mind a portion
of the testimony. He will find that Mr. Cum-
mings suys that at one time these three individ-
uals claimed that when ho made an order upon
them for money they had a right to look into his
vouchers to see what it was expended for, that he
differed with them upon that point, and that after
a correspondence it was finally decided by them
that they had no right to require of him vouchers,
and that all they could do was to honor his orders.
Mr. BOLIVIAN. I have the testimony before
me, and will read it. After speaking of the
$2,000,000 being deposited in the hands of Dix,
Opdyke,and Blatchford, he is questioned as to the
letter of authority to draw the money from them.
He says:
« As near as I can remember it, it gave Governor Morgan
and myself authority directly to act, and simultaneously
with that authority there was a fund placed in thehaudsof
Mr. Opdvke, General Dix, and Mr. BlatPllford.
u Question. From whom did"you obtain that authority.
"Answer. From the War Department-
11 Question. What were you and Governor Morgan, au-
thorized to do ? , . , ,
"Answer. It authorized us to draw upon the funds in
those gentlemen's hands. „ ,, t
" Question. By whom was the fund placed in those gen-
tlemen's hands ?
" Answer. By the Secretary of the Treasury and by the
Secretary of War, jointly, 1 think. **
2 Question. But it was placed there subject to your
" Answer. Subject to our joint order, or to the order of
either of us."
I have already said that Governor Morgan never
actcd under this extraordinary power. He was
not in New York. Alexander Cummings was
alone the agent of the Secretary of War. He
afterwards states more distinctly and emphatic-
ally that those gentlemen, although they had the
custody of the $2,000,000, could not use any por-
tion of it, but that the drawing of it from the sub*
Treasury had to be upon his own order.
Mr. McPHERSOin. If i understood the point
of the gentleman's remarks, he complained of the
Secretary of War for having intrusted certain par-
ties with the performance of certain duties in the
city of New York, and that it was an interference
with the regular routine of business in that city.
He charges further that the a^entof the War De-
partment, under the construction of the parties in
interest, had unlimited powerover this $9,000,000.
Now, I put it to the gentleman whether he ought
to cast any blame upon any officers of the Gov-
ernment, based upon any other transactions than
their own ? I refer the gentleman to the order of
the Secretary of War, in which he appointed Gov-
ernor Morgan and Alexander Cummings, for the
extent of Mr. Cummings's powers. That order
is as follows:
Department op War, April 23, 1861.
In consideration of the extraordinary emergencies which
demand immediate mid decisive measures for the preser-
vation of the national capital and the defense of the na-
tional Government, I hereby authorize £dvvm D. Morgan,
Governor of the State of New York, and Alexandei Cum-
mings, now in the city of New York, to make all necessary
arrangements for the transpoitatiim of troops and munitions
of war, in aid and assistance of the oflicers of the Army of
the United States, until communication by mails and telc-
{rtajih is completely reestablished between the cities of
Wnshington and New York. Either of them, in case of ina-
bility to consult with the other, may excicw the authority
hereby given. SIMON CAMERON,
Sccrctary of TVar.
It seems to me thai, taking the two papers to-
gether, the intention of the Department at that
time was this: the Secretary of the Treasury
constituted these three gentlemen (Messrs. Dix,
Opdyke, and Blatchford) his representatives ill
the city of New York, and the Secretary of War
constituted Alexander Cummings and Governor
Morgan his representatives, and they weretoact
in contort, and for the reason that at that time^ it
was impossible to have constant and regular in-
tercourse between this city and New York. These
two bodies of men occupied the same relations to
each other that the War Department and the Treas-
ury Department do here; and the intention of the
Government was that these two bodies of men
should cooperate.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 trust the time consumed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will not be taken
out of my hour.
Mr. McPHERSON. I would not have inter-
rupted the gentleman except fiom a desire to ob-
tain information. The point 1 wish to suggest is,
whether he is justified in casting any blame upon
the Departments of the Government here, except
for what they have actually done or authorized,
and whether there is anything in the order of the
Secretary of War which deserves animadversion.
As to what was done under it by Mr. Cummings,
that is a different point, on which, also, the gen-
tleman has, I fear, not done complete justice. But
on that I cannot trespass further on the time of
the gentleman by proposing to give my opinions.
On this, I Will be glad to get another opportunity,
if possible.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 take occasion to say here,
as 1 iiave already said, that so far as the Secretary
of the Treasury is concerned, he manifested great
prudence and foresight. But every man who
knows Alexander Cummings knows that he was
not qualified for that position, and that there was
no necessity for appointing him at all. There
were competent men in the city of New York in
the service of the Government ready and prepared
to perform the duties that were devolved upon
him. I ask to have read some extracts from a
letter of General Wool's of 24th July, 1861.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to ask a ques-
tion at this point.
