1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
eases of their climate to decimate our northern
army in the summer and autumnal months; and
their confidence is well placed. Our troops will
wither before the fevers of the Gulf coast as vege-
tation does before the blast of the sirocco. Now,
we have in our midstthousandsof hardy,athletic,
colored men, fitted by nature to endure the heat
and miasma of the tropics, and some o.f them ac-
customed to it, who are panting to be employed
in the capacity of soldiers. Many of them hav-
ing been in a state of bondage, have been aban-
doned by their masters, and are now thrown upon
us for support. Some of them were forced by our
enemies into their military service, and have de-
serted from it. They implore our protection, and
we must give it, if we would not become a" scorn
and derision'* among the nations of the earth.
They have shown on divers occasions, both on
sea and land, that they belong to a wailike race.
They are obedient and teachable. They can be
subsisted much cheaper than white soldiers, can
perform more labor, and are subject to fewer dis-
eases m a warm climate.
Now, with these facts before us, shall we refuse
to employ them? "What substantial reason can
be given for notdoing so ? Is it because they have
not the proper capacity for command ? Then give
them white officers, as is done by the British Gov-
ernment to the same race, by the French Govern-
ment to the Arabs, and by the Russian Govern-
ment to the Tartars and other semi-barbarous
soldiers within that empire. Is it because they do
not possess the average courage of soldiers ? In
addition to the testimony in disproof of this, fur-
nished a few days ago by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] 1 refer you to your
vessels of war, where you have hundreds of these
raen employed, and none more valiant. Is it be-
cause they are not obedient to command? The
whole history of the race shows the contrarj', for
if there is any one thing for which they are re-
markable more than another, it is their confiding
submission to the will of their superiors. Is it
said that we have white soldiers enough for all of
our purposes ? True, we have a large army, com-
posed of men of unsurpassed valor and patriot-
ism, who, if we require it, will sacrifice theirhves
for their country, whether by the sword or by dis-
ease; but I would, if I could, recall a portion of
them to their homes and to theindustrial puisiuts
of life. Am I told that the enrollment of a few
colored soldiers will be regarded by the Army as
humiliating to them ? Mr. President, those public
men fail to comprehend the character of Ameri-
can soldiers who suppose that they are fighting
for mere military glory, or that in this critical
hour they are controlled by ignoble prejudice
against color or race. They are citizens and tax
payers as well as soldiers. They want the rebel-
lion speedily crushed and the supreme authority
of the law established, leaving social and political
questions to be settled afterwards. They feel that
the deseiliouofe very colored soldier,artificer or la-
borer from the rebellious States withdraws aid and
support from the rebellion,and brings it so much
nearer to an end. They cannot uodeistand, nor
can I, that refined casuistry that justifies us in
converting the enemy's horse or ox to our use,
and in turning their inanimate engines of destruc-
tion against themselves, but denies to us the right
to turn their slaves, their animate hostile engines
in humgtn form, to the same purpose. They can-
not imagine why it is that some gentlemen are so
willing that men of the African race should labor
for them, and so unwilling that they should fight
for them.
Whata wonderful difference of action and senti-
ment there is on this subject between the officers
of the Army and Navy. While officers of the
Army have disgraced themselves, annoyed and
incensed their subordinates, dishonored the coun-
try, and injured the public service by the promul-
gation of their ridiculous orders about slaves, no
officer of the Navy, thank God, has ever descended
to follow their example. Their noble, manly,
generous hearts would revolt at the idea of having
imposed upon them the humiliating duty of cap-
turing and returning fugitive slaves. They serve
their country, not rebel slaveowners. They think
that duty to the country lequires them to avail
themselves of the services of these people instead
of driving them back to their masters, or suffering
them to starve; and they act upon this conviction!
At the taking of Hatteras, one of the large guns
of the Minnesota was wholly manned and worked
by persons called " contrabands," and no gun on
the ship was better served. These people are, it
is well known, remarkable for the proficiency they
soon acquire as cannoneers. On the same ship
is a boat's crew, every one of whom, including the
coxswain, is a colored man, and there are none
more skillful, or render more satisfactory service
to the officers of the vessel. The whole country
knows the services rendeied by them to Commo-
dore Dupont and to the vessels under his command.
They-have acted as pilots, and in the most im-
portant positions, and I have the authority of the
two superior officers of that fleet, for saying that
they have never been deceived or misled by any
oneofthem. I am convinced thatourexpedition
to the south Atlantic coast would not have been so
perfect a success as it has been but for the slaves
found there, and who were employed by our naval
officers. There are more or less of them on all of
our vessels of war. They are efficient men, and
their presence produces no discord among the
crews.
Mr. President, I wish to be distinctly under-
stood. 1 advocate no indiscriminate arming of the
colored race, although I frankly confess that I
would do so were it necessary to put down the
rebellion. I do not favor this proposition merely
because of its anti-slavery tendency. I approve
it because it will result in a saving of human life
and in bringing the rebellion to a speedier term-
ination. it is mv business to aid in bringing this
war to a close by conquering an unconditional
peace in the least expensive and speediest manner
possible. Acting upon this idea of my duty, and
believing that humanity and the best interests of
the country require the enrollment of a few col-
ored regiments for garrisoning the southern forts
I shall vote, whenever an opportunity shall be
afforded me, for converting a portion of the col-
ored refugees into soldiers, instead of forcing them
back into servitude to their rebel masters and their
rebel government. We may hesitate to do this.
Our hesitation will cost us the valuable lives of
many of our own racc who are near and dear to
us. Our hesitation to use the means which Prov-
idence seems to have placed in our hands for
crushing the rebellion may carry desolation to
many a loyal hearthstone. 12ut we must adopt
this policy sooner oi later, and in my opinion
th<i sooner we do it the bettei. The rebels have
this day thousands of slaves throwing up intiench-
ments and redoubts at Yorktown, and thousands
of them peiforuung military duty elsewhere; and
yet we hesitate and doubt the proprh ty of em-
ploying the same race of people to defend our-
selves and our institutions against them. Mr.
President, how long shall we hesitate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order of the day is the confiscation bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I believe
the hour has come for action on that bill, and I
therefore give notice that 1 propose to call this
resolution up again to-morrow moring,at half past
twelve o'clock. I am anxious to get a vote upon it.
CHAIRMANSHIP OF NAVAL COMMITTKE.
Mr. HAL"E. I desire to make a communica-
tion to the {Senate which I think comes under the
head of prmh- e. I have put it in wiitmg, and
send it to the Secretary to read.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire sends the following com-
munication to the desk, which will be read form-
formation.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
| To the Piesalent of the Senate :
1 hereby re.ign my place as ehaiiman of the Committee
j on Naval Allans. I do so because I can nolnnger hold ihe
j place confident with what I conceive to be due to a pioper
; sCffre-peet,
And tii.it there maybe no mistake or mi-apprehension a=<
to my iea-on* for «o doing, J wish to add that nothing winch
has oecin ted outside the Senate Chamber ha.-* had anv in-
fluence with me; km tins «tep taken at this tu«  may Sub-
ject me to misappiehension, I will further add that ail
that J have and all that I am shall be cheerfully devoted to
the cause of nty oountiy.
Should my eonstituents demand it of me, [ have the tall-
est confide-iee t hat i can icadily vindicate the piopiiety and
necessity winch compel me, reluctantly, to take the step I
have. JOHN P. IIALE.
AKMY MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts, from the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houseson the bill (S, No. 188) to increase
the efficiency of the medical department of the
Army, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendment to the bill (S. No. 188)
to inciease the efficiency of the medical depaitmentof the
Army, having met, after a full and fiee conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their lespeet-
ive Houses, as follows :
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
to the said bill with the following amendments :
In section one, line seven, after the word "service,"
strike out the words " shall be fotty-five (ioilais per month
and oneiation,"' and mseit in lieu tliei oof the words, 5< shall
be thirty dollais per month and at the end of said section
add as follows: " and all medical cadet?- in the sei vice shall,
in addition to their pay, receive one ration per day, either
in kind or commutation."
In section seven of said amendment of the House strike
out the whole section, and in lieu thereof in-eit the seventh
section ot the ongimilbill of the Senate with the following
amendment thereto : at the end of the said teventji section
of the Senate bill add as follows : «Provided, however, That
when this, act shall expue, all officer* who .-.hall have been
promoted Itom the medical staff of the Aim> undei thisact
s.hall retain their respective rank m the Aimy with such
promotion as they would have been entitled to."
In the title of the bill, alter the word to," insertu reor-
ganize and.*' HENRY WILSON,
H. S. LANE,
J. W. NGSMITII,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
FRANK P. BUAJlt, Jr.,
JOHN B. STEELE,
edward Mcpherson,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
ENROLLED DILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 108) for the release of certain
persons held to service or labor in the District of
Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 118) to authorize the Post-
master General to establish branch post offices in
cities.
CONFISCATION OF PItOPERTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
free the slaves of lebels.
Mi. COLLA MEli. I took occasion, the other
day, to say that 1 thought afl the amendments
should illst be passed upon, in order that the bill
might take the shape which it ultimately was to
have. 1 desire that the utmost liberality should
be extended to all gentlemen to present their va-
rious piojects on this subject. I ha\e prepared
one winch I wish to present as a substitute torthe
bill, and 1 ask that it may be printed, so that, in
due time and in the proper way, I may present it
as an amendment.
The motion to print was agieed to.
Mr. HARRIS intimated his intention to offer
as a substitute for the bill the following:
That the piopeity,real and personal,of every kind wb.it-
soevei and wheiCM>e\er mum ted within the limits of the
United States belonging, to any poi-on who, having heie-
tofoie held any office, civil, military, or naval, under the
Government of the United Stale-*, oi of any State, winch,
undo tin-provisions of the sixth nitiele of the Coiit-utntion
of the United States icqmicd thai the pei-ou holding the
same should take an oath oi animation to suppoit-ueh Con-
stitution. oi to any peison who. having held any ofiice un-
der the eonfedei.ite government of the States now m rebel-
lion, civil, militate, or naval, which, by tho constitution of
said confcdeiate government, reqmied the poison holding
Mich office to t.ike ,ui oath or affiimation to suppoit the con-
stitution of sucli eontedeiiite jroverriment, shall, after the
pa-sage ofthi- act, lie found holding oi exercising any office,
civil, mihtaty oi navai, undei the <.aid eontedeiate govern-
ment, ot \\ iio shall be tound in aims or aiding, abetting, or
assisting tho-e who have taken up aim? against the Gov-
ernment oi the United States or in an\ way iexisting, op-
po^injr, or obstiueting the lawofficeis, oi foiees ot the
United States aiding, .ibetnnrr, or a-siMing tho-e who
shall beso engaged, shall be foi lotted and conli-eated to flic
United Siate-?; and all and every the lights and pm-iieges
of all Mich p< r^ons, under oi firming 1'iom the Con-mutton
of the United States, or to which, but toi the piovi.-ion^ of
tin- act,siich persons would be entitled, aie heieb\ declaied
to be fin feiicd.
Sue 'i Jlnd be it further a) acted, That the forfeiture de~
elated m the tir-t section of tin-; a<n -hail take effect imme-
diately upon the commission of the act upon which Mich
foifeitiuo is founded; and alJ right, title, and claim of the
peison committing such act shall cea-e and determine, isO
that when any piopeitvso fonVited Muill be seized by the
Government of the United State-, the «s;une may be'hejd
and disposed of tiee fiom and umtieumbeicd bv'any sale,
tiansl'er, or incimibiance made oi lncuned after such act
of foiteituie.
Sex. 3. *dnd be it fat (her enacted, That, for the puipose
of ontoieing the foiteituie specified m the fn^t section of
this act of propeity situate and being in loxal States or dis-
