1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
process of realization. Themineshavenotproved
to be the
" New milk that all the winter never fails,
And all the summer overflows the pails."
But their productiveness is slowly decreasing.
While in its normal hiding-placesgolddid notadd
much to the bulk of and was absorbed -by the
surrounding earth and rocks, so when ushered
into the highways of commerce, of the arts, and
of luxury, it seems to have a marvelous affinity to
be absorbed by whatever it touches, and wherever
it can be made either useful or ornamental.
Still it is true that the almost incredible aug-
mentation of the gold product of the world for the
last dozen years has lessened its commercial or
money value not less, as I estimate, than two per
cent, per annum, or twenty to twenty-five per
cent., as a who during that period of time.
The measure of value would appear, therefore,
to be quite low enough without resorting to any
paper expedients or legislative action to farther
reduce it. If we are to have any standard, gold
is the cheapest one our country, emphatically the
land of gold, ought to accept. It should not be
forgotten at the some time, as cheap as gold is,
thatourown standard coins are now fixed at con-
siderably below the standard of many other coun-
tries. The gold of England, and even of Turkey
and Japan, outranks American gold; and Atncri-
can silver, if so unlucky as to remain dormant in
any pocket for a week, might pass the custom-
house for " old pewter, only fit to be remanufac-
tured."
To begin with, then, our standard is now ten
per cent, less than pure silver or pure gold. Is
not that enough ? Shall we seek a lower deep, and
at one bound make it all alloy—all paper? I have
no great faith in an exclusively metallic currency;
but I have none whatever in an exclusively paper
currency. I have heard a carriage maker say that
a carriage was really better by being made o f part
putty; but even he was rather staggered at the
idea for that reason of making one of all putty. I
am for the mixed currency—only a part putty, at
any rate; for specie and paper, and for making
the paper a full equivalent, and exchangeable for
specie at all times.
By making paper a legal tender, no more specie
will be seen, except through offers of rewards to
draw it from its hiding-places, until we emerge
from our present difficulties, and not for an indefi-
nite period,perhaps,thereafter. The$300,000,000
of specie said to be in the country, though 1 think
there is not quite so much, will be hoarded, and
remain useless and idle for the rest of the war. I
am for keeping this, the vital fluid of commerce,
in healthy, active circulation. The sight of our
eagles is as necessary to the courage of our peo-
ple at home as to the men in the Army.
In the interesting speech of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley,] made a few days
since, while the gentleman was arguing in favor
of making paper a legal tender, all his historical
citations appeared to me to show the unsoundness
of his position, and I could only explain it on the
tjieory that he had espoused new doctrines, and
had not had time to get rid of his old traditions,
for he is traditionally right. Why, sir, he cites
us to the tyrannical reigns of such monarchs as
Henry VIII to prove that whenever the coin was
arbitrarily debased the people suddenly became
prosperous!
No historian has heretofore ventured to eulogize
this mottled-faced villain for contracting piodi-
gious debts, and then for swindling his creditors
by paying them olT in base metal, and, if he could
speak from across the great gulf, I think he would
tender thanks for the few drops of water poured
upon his parched tongue by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, though it comes late and through
a Puritanic ally that he could hardly have an-
ticipated. The gentleman's citations mean to
eulogize the expedients, as found in English his-
tory from the thirteenth to the seventeenth cen-
tury, of inflating or debasing the currency, or they
mean nothing; and, if they mean nothing, they
should not have been cited. This process of de-
basing the currency never added a single blade of
grass to the wealth of any country. It only ena-
bles it to be measured in a new and smaller meas-
ure, while counted at the old rate. To illustrate
its effects, it ordains that a half bushel shall here-
after be deemed and taken to be and is a bushel,
and shall be a lawful tender on all contracts here-
tofore made or hereafter made. That is all the
merit there is in the prosperity of these expansions
to which the gentleman referred, and it is unreal,
while its demerits are real and flagrant. The in-
tegrity of the gentleman from Massachusetts did
not allow him to omit from the record the fact that,
in the reign of Edward VI, "other nations now
characterized the English coinage as ' infamous.'"
Now, sir, if we would escape a record like that,
the brand of "infamous " upon the American coin-
age, let us reject any scheme for making paper a
legal tender. The civilization of the present day
would not fail to be fully as appieciative of our
short-comings as that of former days was of the
follies and vices of our progenitors. I trust the
morality of this age is not to be placed on a par
with that of the poodle-dog days of England.
The facts in relation to the suspension of specie
payments by the Bank of England from 1797 to
1823 are cited to prove the soundness of the pol-
icy proposed now of making paper a legal tender.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Spauldi.vg]
stated, and others may have done so, that the
notes of the Bank of England were made a legal
tender at the time referred to. This 1 think is a
mistake. The bank was prohibited from paying
out specie for them, and they were received and
paid out in all business transactions by the bank-
ers of London and others by common consent,
but they were not made a legal tender. The Eng-
lish Government did not stain their reputation
with such an act, even at a time when, in their
fierce hate, they did not shrink from blottingapage
of their history with fastening to a rock, by Pro-
methean chains, the Titan who, as their national
foe, inspired them with perpetual terror.
But why did not the gentleman citc a more re-
cent case, and one exactly in point—that of Aus-
tria ? Simply because that, as all others recorded
in history have been, was a total failure. Austria
undertook this process of making forced loans—
for it is really nothing less—by making Govern-
ment paper a legal tender, and it proved a miser-
able failure. Their paper fell (or gold bore a pre-
mium, which is the same thing) foi ty per cent.
The Mexican mode of violent seizure is far more
efficient, and about equally sound in morals.
The only legislation of any importance which
occurred in relation to the Bank of England, if 1
am not mistaken, was after the notes of the bank
had fallen below the price of standard gold, when
a nobleman, owning numerous landed estates, pub-
lished a notice to all his leaseholders that he would
not accept rents in Bank of England notes unless
enough was brought to buy the amount due in
gold or sovereigns. It was then seen that this
course would be likely to be adopted by others,
and spread overall parts of the kingdom. Tonre-
vent this result, Lord Eldon brought in a hill,
which passed, providing that no landholder should
distrain for rent after having had the amount due
tendered in Bank of England notes.
CJnder the new charter of the bank (Sir Robert
Peel's) the notes were made a tender; but the
amount of issue was limited to the amountof the
public securities (*£14,000,000) and the amount of
specie actually in the bank; and the bank itself is
compelled at all times to redeem its own notes in
specie.
But when the Bank of England, in 1823, resumed
specie payments, although taking four long years
to prepare for this event, the shock was so great
as to convulse the whole country. The year 1824
stands out conspicuously in the history of England
as an era of commercial ruin and individual dis-
tress. The numbers then for the fust time con-
signed to pauperism were deplorably large, and
the children's teeth were set on edge to the third
and fourth-generation.
No one here contemplates but that at some fu-
ture time the banks and the Government shall
resume specie payments—the banks depending
entirely upon whether the Government does so or
not—and, if so, I invite them to calculate the cost
of the descent from that basis, the cost of the re-
turn—the expiatory pains to be suffered; and then
determine whethei we shall carry on this war on
a specie basis or on a ceaseless flood of paper,
bartered at discordant prices in every city, town,
and hamlet of the country, bearing in mind that
however cheaply obtained, every dollar is to be
and will be ultimately repaid in gold or silver coin
raised by taxation.
Thai, t am notwrongiu supposing ifwe launch
this measure that we have nothingelse to putaftoat,
is quite apparent in the able speech of my friend'
from New York, [Mr. Spaulding,] who plainly
occupied his ground reluctantly; for, besides the
$150,000,000 of notes he now proposes to author-
ize, he more than hints at the possibility of " a
further issue of demand notes, if Congress shall
hereafter deem it necessrff^."..
By taking the first step in making paper a legal
tender we shall sever all connection with any other,
fountains of supply. We cannot retrace oursteps,
but must go on. No sane man would sponta-
neously take stock liable by the practices of the
Government to be reduced the very next day ten
per cent, or any other per cent, in its value. So
that if Congress should have the virtue to wish to
cease the furthur issue of these notes it would no
longer be an open question. But, having tested
this facile mode of paying debts, I fear the stern
and honest mode of taxation would be repugnant
to many constituencies, and that the doors of the
temple of paper money would not soon again be
closed. Gentlemen may think otherwise, but like
a certain heroine, who
" Said she'd ne'er consent, and consented still,"
Congress would consent. If we have not the
vutue and power to resist the temptation now,
while our reputation is spotless, we shall have
still less when the whole country becomes de-
bauched.
Upon one point there can be no dispute. The
Constitution expressly declares that Congress
shall pass no ex post facto law. Can we pass a law
compelling the acceptance of paper in lieuofstand-
ard coin in contracts made one, two, or five years
ago? If the coin is only worth three and a half
per cent, more than paper, is it not to that extent
an ex post facto law, and as much a violation of
the Constitution as any law of a State could be
"impairing the obligation of contracts?" The
right to change the standard of coin exists, but
the right to create a standard of paper, and give
an option, is a novelty. In the early days of our
country it was the custom to make notes for mer-
chantable neat stock in due form, with the addi-
tion ofkl bulls and stags excepted." Hereafter
all contracts will need to bo made payable in coin,
or with the addition of" United States bulls and
ragscxccpted." If the provision makingthe notes
a legal tender should unfortunately pass, it cer-
tainly ought, in equity, to provide that it shall
only apply to contracts hereafter made.
At the last session of Congress we unwisely,
as I thought, raised the pay of our Army, as though
our men could be only induced to espouse the cause
of their country at the highest wages, with board
and clothes in addition; but having done this, shall
we avoid the full contract by tendering ninety cents
or less on the dollar? This is not the true way.
No—
" At your dessert bright pewter comes too late,
When your jSrsi was all served up in plate."
If it must be so, I would rather say, with soldier-
like frankness: "Officers and men! the work is
heavy; you have prolonged it somewhat beyond,
our calculations, and the monthly drain upon the
Treasury is very large. We shall therefore put
your pay at the old mark, but we will not whittle
it down by giving you anything worth less than
a hundred cents on the dollar."
But, Mr. Chairman, I do not think it will be
necessary to cut down the pay of our men by any
modus operandi, provided they will only give us
some equivalent for it. Give us a fight!
There is another consideration of paramount
importance. The tariff of March 2,1861, has thus
far operated beneficially by keeping the importa-
tions of foreign goods within bounds, and by en-
abling our people to retain much the largest quan-
tity of specie everbefoie in the country. Even
the enemies of that bill concede that it has done
all that is claimed for it, though they add, it is by
accident. Now, more than at ail other times, it
is necessary, while every eighth man of the loyal
States must be supported in the field, while every
twenty discharges of a big rifled cannon costs the
piice of a man's year's labor, to give employ-
ment to the decimated ranks at home—to all the
yet remaining industry of the country. But ex-
pand the currency, and the prices of living and
the cost of materials would so advance that labor
could no longer be profUably employed. Every-
thing would be obtained cheaper abroad; and the
tariff, calculated for a sound currency, would
