2614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
public lands, to aid in the construction of certain
railroad's in said State, approved Jane 10,1852.
FRANCIS HUTTMANN AGAIN.
The question recurred on the substitute of the
Committee on Commerce; and it was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it "was accordingly read the third time.
MK BLAKE demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken*, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baxter,
Beaman, Biddle, Bingham, Buffinton, Burnham, Davis,
Delano, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Frauchot, Gooch, Goodwin,
Gurley, Hale, Hanehett, Hooper, Hoiton, Hntchins, Fian-
cis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Low, McKni&ht, Moor-
head, Nixon, Noel!, Norton, Odelf, Patton, Timothy G.
Phelps?, Pomeroy, Potter, Price, Riddle, Sargent, Sliiel,
Sloan, Smith, John B. Steele, Train, Trowbridge, Van
Horn, Verrce, Wallace, Ward, Wa^iburne, and Win-
dom—52.
NAYS—-Messrs.William J. AlJen, Ancona, Baily, Baker,
Jacob B. Blair. Blake, George II. Browne, William G.
Brown, Calvert, Chamberlm, Clements, Cobb, Colfax,
Fredeuek A. Conkling, Uoscoc Conkling, Cox, Craven*,
Delaplame, Duell, Edwards, English, Fouke, Fiank, Gli-
der, might, Harding, Harrison, Holman, Johnson, Knapp,
Law,Laz5ear,Loomis.,Lovejoy,McPheison, Malloiy, May,
Maynard, Menzies, Mitchell, Anson P. Moriill, Justin S.
Morrill, Noble, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Pike, Porter,
John II. Rice, Richardson, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins,
Shanks, Sheffield, ShHlabarger, William G. Steele, Ben-
jamin P. Thomas, Trimble, Vallandigham, Wads?worth,
Wall, Webster, Albeit S. White,Chilton A. White, Wick-
liffe, Wilson, YVoodrufl", and Wright—-67.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was rejected; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. PI ICE stated that his colleague, Mr. Fes-
senden, was detained from the House by illness
in his family.
The vote was announced as above recorded'.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY withdrew the motion to ad-
journ over.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, renewed it.
Mr. HUTCHINS demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas G4, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Alien, Baily, Bid-
die, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blan, George II. Biowne,
William G. Brown, Calvert, Casey, Clements Cobb, Fred-
erick A. Conkling, Roseof> Conkling, Corning, Co.\, Cra-
vens, Ci mention. Delaplame. Duell, Dunlap, Elv, English,
Fisher, Fouke, Goodwin, Gnder, Gmlev, Haighr, Hale,
Harding, Holman, Hooper, Johnson, William KcHogg,
Knapp, Law, Mallory.May, Maynaid, Menzies Moorhoad,
NoeJI, JohnS. Phelps, Poller, Pi ice, Itiehaidson, Robinson,
James K. Rollins Sedgwick, Shetheld, John B. Steele,
Willtam G. Siefb', Stiatton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tram,
Vallandigham. Vooihees, Wallace, Ward, Webster, Wick-
lifte, Woodiutf', and Wright—64.
NAYS—Messr.*.. Alloy, Ancona, Arnold, Ashlcj, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Blake, Bufiinton, Burn-
ham, Chambeilin, Colfax, Davie, Delano, Diven, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Etior. Franchot, Fiank, Gooch, Gran-
ger. Hanehett, nairii-on, Uutehm&, Julian, Kclley, Francis
W. Kellogg, I./a a car, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnigbt, Mc-
- Pherson, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. A1 on ill, Nixon, Pat-
ton, Timothy G. Phelps Pike, Pomeioy, John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edward H Rollins, Sargent, Shell aha rger, Sloan,
Stevens. Tumble, Tiowbudge, Van Iloin, Van Vnlken-
burgh, Verree, VVad&worth, Wall, Walton, Washburne,
Alberts. White,Wilson, and Windom—62.
So the motion was agreed to.
NEVADA LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union from the
consideration of Senate bill No. 442, to establish
a land district in the Territory of .Nevada.
Mr. BABBITT. I object.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY.
The SPEAKER stated the business i n order to
be the call of committees for reports of a private
nature.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, reported
back Senate bill No. 263, to incorporate Mount
Olivet Cemetery Company, in the District of Co-
lumbia, with the recommerfdation that it do pass.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. I object to that report.
That is a public and not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. It has not been the practice
to regard such bills as public bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not know what the
practice of the House is, but 1 do know that this
is a public bill.
The SPEAKER. Such bills have uniformly
been held to be private bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is it not for the organ-
ization of a corporation ?
The SPEAKER. It is for a single corporation.
The Chair decides it to be a private bill, and in
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
. On the question, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House there
were, on a division—ayes 69, noes 4; no quorum
voting.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand tellers.
Mr.-WASHBURNE. It is too late; the vote
has been announced.
The SPEAKER. It is not too late to call for
tellers, no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawes and
Washburne were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 5; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not now in
order.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the yeas and nays.
It is the only way in which we can get a quorum.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his appeal from the decision
of the Chair. It is evident that the House almost
unanimously sustains the Chair. I will sustain
the Chair's decision, whether it is right or wrong.
[Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative; yeas 108, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alduch, William J. Allen, Alley, An-
cona, Babbitt, Baily, Baxter, Biddle, Bingham, Fianeis P.
Blair, Blake, George II. Biowne, William G. Biown, Buf-
finton, Bumham, Calvert, Chatnbeilm, Clements, Cobb,
Coltax, Iloscoc Conkling, Coining, Cox, Ciavens, Davit-,
Dawes, Duell, Dnnl.ip, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Eng-
lish, Fisher, Fouke, Ftanchot, Fiank, Gooch, Gianger,
Gilder, Gmley, Ilaight, Hale, Harding. Hairison, Holman,
Hoiton, Hntchins Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, W it ham Kellogg, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Lazeai,
LooniH, Lovejoy, F-ow, McPherfeon, Mallory, Maynaid,
Menzies, Mitchell, Mooihead, Anson P. Morrill, JusUn S.
Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Noel!, Noiton, Odell, Pen<f!«ton,
John S. Phelps, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pouer, John H.
Rice, Riddle, Robm-on, Edward H. Rolling Sargent,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger. Shiel, Smith, John B.
Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tram, Trimble,
Trowbiidge, Vallandigham, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh,
Vence, Vibbaid, Wail, Wallace, Ward. Albert S. White,
Chilton A. White, WieklilFe, Windom, Woodruff, and
Wright—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Diven, Pomeroy, Sloan, Washbmue,
and Wilson—.i.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the House.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ROLLINS,ofNew Hampshire,demanded
the pievious question on the passage ofthc bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was rcccived from the Senate, by their
Secretary, Mr. Forney, notifying the House that
that body had passed House bill No. 195, for the
reciprocal extinguishment of certain claims be-
tween the United States and the representatives
of Robert Brent, deceased, without amendment;
that it had passed Senate resolution No. 80, au-
thorizing the State of Minnesota to change the
line of certain branch railroads in said State, and
for other purposes, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House; and also that
it had disagreed to the amendments of the House
to the amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
260, making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending the 30th of June,
1863, and asked for a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses; and that it had ap-
pointed Messrs. Wilkinson, Latham, and Nes-
mith, the committee of conference on their part.
On motion ofMr. MORRILL, ofVermont,by
unanimous consent, the House insisted on its
amendments, disagreed to by the Senate, to the
amendments of the Senate to the Indian appro-
priation bill,and also insisted on itsdisagreement
to the amendments of the Senate insisted on by
the Senate, and agreed to the conference asked by
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
It was ordered thatMessrs. Stevens, Aldrich,
and Phelps of California, be the committee of
conference on the part of the House.
ENLISTMENT OF MINORS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
On a division on the latter motion, there were
—ayes 24, noes 47; no quorum voting.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Kerrigan were appointed.
The motion was disagreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 34, noes G4.
The motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
was then agieed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Gooch in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question before
the committee to be House bill No. 151, in le-
gard to the enlistment of minors, and for other
purposes, on which the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unanimous
consent of the committee to lay aside, to be re-
ported to the House with the recommendation that
they do not pass, House bill No. 151, in regard
to the enlistment of minors, and for other pur-
poses, and House bill No. 179, for the better organ-
ization of the medical staff of the Army, as their
subject-matters have already been provided for.
'There was no objection; and the bills indicated
were laid aside, to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that they do not pass.
DEMAND TREASURY NOTES.
The next question on the Calendar was House
bill No 187, to authorize the issue of demand
Treasury notes.
Speeches were then made by Messrs. MOR-
RILL, of Vermont, and NOBLE, which will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. WATTS obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. HOLMAN, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accoidingly rose; and Mr. Bing-
ham having taken the chan as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. Gooch reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had un-
der consideration the UnTon generally, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 151, in regard to the en-
listmentof minors,and for other purposes; House
bill No. 179, for the better oiganization of the
medical staff of the Army; and House bill No.
187, to authorize the issue of demand Treasury
notes; and had instructed him to report back the
first two with the recommendation that they do
not pass, and to report that on the last the commit-
tee had come to no conclusion.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that House bills No.
179 and No". 151 be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motionof Mr. THOMAS, of Mas-
sachusetts, (at fifteen minutes after five o'clock,
p. m.,)the House adjourned until Monday next.
