$32
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
when collected in the inflated medium—the equiv-
alent of clipped coin—be no mon;a shield to Amer-
ican labor. We should pay Cor foreign goods in
specie, for duties in legal tender paper, and there
an end of all protection! While we a>-e at war
every muscle and every sinew of our people should
find active pmployment at home, and at living
wages. While we areJ-at war every dollar of
money in the country should gladden the eyes of
our own people,anddeparton no foreign mission.
If we are to tax the people, we should not deprive
them of employment.
The European world regards it as our weak
point that we cannot secure our loans by stability
of taxation; and our own large capitalists, I re-
gret to say, participate to some extent in this
unworthy and unfounded suspicion. The bill, as
reported t>y a majority of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I fear will do little towards building
up public confidence. But I am ready, if my
voucher were worth anything, and I think I know
something of the temper of this House, to say the
Representatives here will not flinch from any duty
that may devolve upon them, and will not come
short of their whole duty in levying such taxa-
tion as should make the securities of the nation
invulnerable even to the shadow of a miser's
doubt.
Of course it takes time to gather the requisite
data, to prepare the necessary machinery, and to
adjust the burden equitably upon all shoulders;
but it will be done, and very speedily. My friend
from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] has ingeniously
thrown his heavy pack of newspapers on to the
back of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
while I presume they do not intend any capital or
profits shall shirk in this war, they have 1)0 pur-
pose to signalize any interest with oppression, nor
do they expect in any way to provoke a whisky
or newspaper rebellion.
The past financial history of our country ought
to afford some guarantee of the future. A nation
that pays a large premium for the privilege of pay-
ing its debts before they are due should, at least,
have the credit of a fixed purpose to pay all debts
when they become due. No like numbers of peo-
ple on the earth can sustain a greater load of tax-
ation than the people of the loyal States, for no
others produce individually and collectively so
much annual wealth. The increased taxation of
this year, as large as it may be, will not absoib
more than one third of the surplus accumulations
of the year; and, could it be subtracted from one
of many Of our mineral mountains, would hardly
be missed. The gold produced will alone pay far
more than the interest 011 any probable public
debt. Foreign nations derive a revenue fiom the
tobacco sent from this country of perhaps an equal
amount. The coal and mineral deposits of this
country furnish an inexhaustible capital. The
agricultural and manufacturing capabilities of our
land and people are sufficient to carry us through
any war, offensive or defensive. There is no lack
of means, and these have only to be organized and
properly led to give our credit a foundation as solid
as the footstool of Jehovah, (if I may be allowed
so to speak,) as our armies only need to be organ-
ized and properly led to prove us invincible in
other fields.
It must also be borne in mind that the first six
months of a war are more exacting than any sub-
sequent period. We have passed ail that. The
expensive outfits and the costly transportation, it
is to he assumed, will not have to be repeated.
There may be, too, more foraging upon the enemy
as the Army advances, and less chance for the
vampires at home, who have bled, the Treasury
when they ought to have been made to bleed them-
selves.
I maintain that the bill, as reported by the Com-
mitteeof Ways and Means, should not pass, be-
cause it will infinitely damage the national credit;
because it will cut off all other chance of supplies;
because it will reduce our standard of legal tender
already sufficiently debased; because it will inflate
the cunencyand increase many fold the cost of
the war; because it would slide into the place of
proper taxation; because, as a resource', it must
ultimately fail, and tend to a premature peace;
because it is a question of doubtful constitution-
ality; because it is an ex postfaclo law, immoral,
and a breach of the public faith; because it will
at once banish all specie from circulation; because
it will dampen the ardor of' our men at home as
well as soldiers in the field; because it will degrade
us in the estimation of other nations; because it
will cripple American labor, and throw at last
larger wealth into the hands of the rich; and be-
cause there is no necessity calling for such a des-
perate remedy. I agree with the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Spaulding] in one thing most
cordially: our finances stand in need of the tonic
of decided military success. Without that our
stocks will continue to be quoted flat. And yet I
am no chronic growler. Standing at zero, our
Army rose as by a magical wand and illumined
the whole heavens by its magnificent sweep. Do
not let it be said we rose like the rocket and fell
like the stick!
The result of the military campaign, though not
all that could have been wished, presents nothing
which should breed despondency. Nor, consid-
ering the desperate .character of the rebellion, and
the wide extent of territory it embraces, need we
be afraid of a contrast with any first-rate Power
of Europe in any similar initial chapter of war in
their history. The first year of the English army
at the Crimea was one of continual disaster, dis-
ease, and death. Their naval attack, unlike what
our own have been, was a total failure. On land,
though brave, they fared little better. The charge
of the Light Brigade, where " some one had blun-
dered," Tennyson has fixed in all memories.
Twice they attempted the Itedan, and twiee got
soundly thrashed. When Lord Raglan died, then
Dr. Russell, of the Times, said he was "an ac-
complished gentleman, but no general." General
Simpson was then made the commander-in-chief,
with no better success, and he was removed for
utter incapacity. At last, Colonel Codnngton, a
" lucky guardsman," as he was called, was pro-
moted to the chief command. Tlnee changes were
thus made, and even the last did not enable the
English army to bring away a fair share of lau-
rels. It was the French who took the Mamelon,
the French who took theMalakoff,and this caused
the surrender of Sebastopol.
It would seem that our English cousins at least
might refrain from criticisms upon the results of
our campaign while these facts are so fiesh in hand.
Our Army have demonstrated that Maryland,
Missouri, and Kentucky cannot fall a prey to se-
cession. Tennessee, not unwillingly, must fol-
low the fate of Kentucky. Florida is now so far
within our grasp that we only wait our conven-
ience to occupy it. North Carolina, Texas, and
Louisiana, if not Georgia, are already at least half
disposed to come back to the old flag without a
fight. Virginia is only half retained by garrisons
which absorb nearly one half the whole body of
the rebel troops, and these without the softness
of " the sacred soil" would not long be enough.
Our forces now threaten by sea, land, and river
the entire boundaries of the rebellious States with
the roar of artillery and the clash of arms. Break
through somewhere we must, and if anywhere, the
back of the rebellion is broken. Ton of the rebel
generals have been killed, have resigned, or com-
mitted suicide, and the ides of March will be more
tolerable for these than for twenty others yet liv-
ing. But General McClelian must harvest some
of the glories of this war within the next ninety
days, or be gazetted "an accomplished gentle-
man, but no general." Success is as much a
financial as a political necessity. There need be
no headlong haste, but the fatal blow must be de-
livered, and that speedily.
Mr. Chairman, it will be seen from the substi-
tute, as proposed on the part of one half of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that I do not ob-
ject to the issue of United States notes to a lim-
ited extent to circulate as currency. It is both
convenient and proper. But I wish to have this
issue marked by metes and bounds, saying at the
outset, thus far slialt thou go and no further.
Then let them be based on as solid a foundation
as the everlasting lulls, that they shall be the full
equivalent of standard com. This can be done
by fixing the amount, ample but reasonable, that
no more than the fixed amount shall at any time
be put in circulation, and by providing taxation
sufficient at all times to retire them or to main-
tain their full value. But, with all the earnest-
ness I possess, I do protest against making any-
thing a legal tender but gold and silver, as calcu-
lated to undermine all confidence in that Republic
whose reputation should be dearer to statesmen,
as well'as to soldiers, than life itself.
"I have thus in a plain, blunt manner expressed
my convictions as to the policy proposed by the
majority of the Committee of Ways and Means;
and now I recognize the propriety of endeavoring
to show that the substitute proposed by the mi-
| nority or one half of the Committee of Ways and
Means is better than the original bill. I believe
it to be so, or I would not advocate it. It is simple
in its provisions, and easily understood.
We propose no new issue of Treasury notes,
but leave the fifty millions already authorized to
be issued and reissued as may be found necessary
or convenient. This will secure us against an in-
flated currency.
Then it is proposed to issue §100,000,000 in
United States notes, bearing interest at the rate of
three and sixty-five hundredths per cent., pay-
able at the pleasure of the United States, and al-
lowing them with accumulated interest to be re-
ceived for all debts and demands (taxes included)
due to the United States, exceptduties on imports,
and exchangeable at the will of the holder, when-
ever presented in sums not less than fifty dollars,
for United States sGven and three tenths percent,
coupon or registered stock. They are also to be
received at par, with accumulated interest, for any
bonds the Government may hereafter issue. These
are to be paid out for all salaries, debts, and de«
mand% duo to individuals or corporations, at their
option, within the United States. In substance
this is very like English exchequer notes issued
in anticipation of revenue. It is most probable
these notes would maintain their credit at or near
par; and if there should be any difference between
these and gold it would be an honest difference,
visible to all men. As they accumulate they will
be funded and retired, or reissued,as the exigen-
cies of the Government may require. They equip
the Treasury as well as any legal tender paper
could do, while, bearing interest, they would not
pass into the genera] volume of the currency, and
they afford the only possible channcl of obtaining
any considerable sums to be consolidated into
stocks. They cannot exceed the amount of in-
ternal duties that will be levied, which will create
a sure and constant demand for these notes, and
sustain their credit in every State and Territory
of the country.
We do not propose to receive these notes for
duties on imports, for the reason that it is desira-
ble to leave the tariff stable amid all fluctuations,
and, also, that we may secure the coin we prom-
ise to pay out as interest on the bonds.
It is then proposed, in order to perfect this plan
in all its parts, to issue $200,000,00*0 in coupon or
registered bonds, payable in ten years, with in-
terest semi-annually in coin, at the rate of seven
and three tenths per cent, per annum. This is
comparatively a high rate of interest, and it may
be necessary that it should be so, in order to get
the stock taken up by capitalists; but the time the
bonds are to run is limited to ten years, because
it would be much against the interest of the Uni-
ted States to engage to pay a high rate of interest
for a long period of time. We think there can be
no doubt that these bonds will all be taken, com-j
mencing as soon as the tax bill shall be passed.
Unless the credit of the United States shall be
utterly shattered, which is not for a moment to be
apprehended, these bonds must be considered a
most desirable investment, both in large and small
sums.
It is also proposed to issue $300,000,000 in cou-
pon, or registered bonds, payable in twenty-five
years, with interest at six per cent., payable semi-
annually in coin. Usually Government bonds
running for the longest time command the high-
est price, and for permanent investment are most
eagerly sought after at home and abroad. As
we emerge from our present embarrassments, the
other forms of debts due by the United States will
naturally be funded in such stock.
We promise coin for all interest on bonds, as
it is indispensable that all engagements assuming
this solemn form should in no instance repudiate
the standard of the Constitution.
We strike out all words in relation to any for-
eign loan, as during this war we expect to fight
our own battles, furnish our own means, without
any foreign aid or assistance; and if we can be
permitted to do that, we shall ask no further favors.
This substitute avoids all the material, and, we
might say, fatal, objections to the original bill, is
entirely practical and feasible in its character, and
