1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
magnanimous, and Christian people should adopt
in dealing with conquered treason.
The principal object of the biil under consider-
ation is the forfeiture of the estates of tiaitois.
The first section of the bill declares that the prop-
erty of certain persons who are therein described
shall be forfeited to the United States. The ques-
tion arises, at the very threshold, whether Con-
gress is authorized to pass such a law. It has
been supposed that it was the intention of the
framers of the Constitution to restrict the power
of Congress to the confiscation of the estate of the
traitor during his life; but I apprehend a careful
examination of the provision of the Constitution
on this subject will show this opinion to be un-
founded.
The third section of the third article of the Con-
stitution declares that" Congress shall havepower
to declare the punishment of treason." Here, it
will be perceived, the power is without restric-
tion or limitation. Congress is authorized to de-
clare what the punishment of treason shall be,
whether it be the forfeiture of life, liberty, or
property, either or all, it is for Congress to decide.
Were this the only provision on the subject, there
would be no room for doubt or argument. But
it is further declared in the same section that" no
attainder of treason shall work corruption of
blood or forfeiture, cxcept during the Jife of the
person attainted.'* This latter provision, it will
be seen, does not, at least in terms, restrict the
power of Congress, but merely limits the effect of
an4'attainder of treason"—no attainder of treason
shall work corruption of blood.
The term " attainder" is equivalent in law to
" judgment." It is used instead of the word
"judgment" only where the offender is adjudged
guilty of a capital offense. "Upon judgment of
death for treason or felony,"says Blackstone, " a
man shall be said to be attainted." The words
"attaint" and "attainder" are used instead of
"judgment" as expressive of the legal conse-
quence of such judgment—the immediate and in-
separable consequence of pronouncing judgment
of death against a man being at the common law
the taint or corruption of his blood, and the for-
feiture of his estate. The property of a man sen-
tenced to death upon conviction of treason is, ipso
facto, foifeitcd, and his capacity of inheritance ab-
solutely destroyed.
Hut to men situated as our fathers were when
they framed the Constitution, such a doctrine
must have seemed severe, almost barbarous. The
idea that an innocent child could never inherit the
estate of his ancestor equally innocent with him-
self, because his father had been convicted of trea-
son, is revolting. An eminent English writer, in
speaking of this rule of the common law, says:
" It is to be hoped that the corruption of blood, with all
its connected consequences, not only of present e&cheat
but of future incapacities of inheritance, oven to the twen-
tieth generation, may, in process of tune, be abolished by
act of Pailiaqneut."
The same writer adds that the doctrine " stands
uj^on a very different footing from the forfeiture
of lands for treason."
In view of this state of things, and the obvious
unreasonableness, if not injustice, of the common
law rule, it was reversed, or rather abolished, by
the Constitution. That immortal instrument—
now still more sure of its own immortality, be-
cause the vultures of treason have sought its de-
struction—declares that" no attainder of treason"
—that is, judgment of death upon a conviction of
treason—"shall"—as it docs at the common law
—" work"—that is, have the effect to produce—
'corruption of blood or forfeiture of estate."
Thus the Constitution first declares, in unqualified
terms, the power of Congress to prescribe the
punishment of treason, and then abolishes the
common-law rule which attaches certain unrea-
sonable consequences to a judgment of death upon
conviction for that crime. The inference seems
to be legitimate and plain, that the framers of the
Constitution intended that there should be no
punishment for the crime of treason cxcept such
as should be declared by Congress, and that in the
exercise of the power conferred upon it to declare
the punishment of treason there should be no re-
striction or limitation. My conclusion is, that
Congress has the same right to declare that a man
who is giulfy of treason shall forfeiting estate as
to decltue that he shall forfeit his life. In either
case, the forfeiture must be pronounced upon
judicial condemnation. But, in my judgment, the
power of Congress to dcclare such forfeiture is
just as clear and unquestionable in the one case
as in the other.
But it has been thought that another provision
of the Constitution—that which declares that " no
bill of attainder shall be passed"—asserts its au-
thority against the principle of this bill.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Browning] as-
sumes, as a thing not denied and undeniable, that
the bill, within the meaning of the Constitution,
is a bill of attainder. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, also, [Mr. Cowan,] in his very elaborate
and able speech delivered some weeks ago, con-
sidered the bill as, in legal effect, a bill of" pains
and penalties," and then proceeded to show, and,
as I think, with succcss, that such a bill would be
within the spirit of the prohibition which declares
that Congress shall pass no bill of attainder. I
agree that a bill of " pains and penalties" is as
clearly within the evil against which it was in-
tended to provide as a bill of attainder. They are
equally and alike obnoxious to the fundamental
objection of being ex post facto legislation. Their
very object is to declare the punishment of of-
fenses already committed. The only difference
between the two classes of bills consists in the
measure and character of the punishment declared.
They are equally offensive to our very simplest no-
tions of justice, which demand that every man
shall be judged for his offenses according to the
law asitexisted when the offense was committed.
Another fundamental objection to such bills—
both bills of attainder and of pains and penalties
—is, that in their very nature they involve an en-
croachment of the legislative upon the judicial
power of the Government. The Legislature, leav-
ing its appropriate sphere of duty, assumes the
functions of judicial magistracy, and, without a
judicial tiial, undertakes to dcclare the person or
persons against whom its action is leveled guilty
of some crime. If it be of a capital offense, as
treason or murder,such legislative condemnation
is called a bill of attainder. If it be of an inferior
offense, involving only imprisonment or fine, it
is called a bill of pains and penalties. Thus, in
the reign of William III, the English Parliament
passed an act which declaied that no person should
be attainted of treason where conuption of blood
is incurred but by the oath of two lawful wit-
nesses. Soon after the p-issage of the act, Sir John
Pen wick was indicted, on the oath of the requisite
number of witnesses, for conspiring against the
life of the king; but, upon his trial, one witness
only appeared against him. Of couise, he could
not be convicted. It was alleged, however, that
he had himself prevailed upon the other witness
not to appear, and thereupon Parliament, taking
the matter into its own hands, exeicising the high-
est power of sovereignty, and what Judge Story
has aptly called " an irresponsible despotic dis-
cretion," passed a bill of attainder by which he
was attainted of treason. If the act had inflicted
a milder punishment than death, it would have
been a bill of pains and penalties, and not a bill
of attainder.
The framers of the Constitution, remembering
how, even in England, this power had sometimes
been abused and how dangerous it might become in
times of violent political excitement, have wisely
declared that it shall never be exerciscd by Con-
gress. But how the bill reported by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] or the substitute
proposed for that bill, is obnoxious to the objection
that such a bill would be a violation of the pro-
vision of the Constitution which prohibits Con-
gress from passing a bill of attainder, I have been
quite unable to perceive. These bills propose, it
is true, to declare that in certain cases the prop-
erty of rebels shall be forfeited. But such forfeiture
is only to be enforced in the ordinary course of
judicial proceedings and after judgment of condem-
nation pronounced by a tribunal endowed with
competent authority.
It is true that these bills do not propose any
personal conviction of the traitor, as a prerequisite
to the right of the Government to forfeit his estate.
Nor can such conviction be necessary. At the
common law, in many cases, the forfeiture of prop-
erty was a consequencc of the personal conviction
of the offender. In such cases, it was necessary,
of course, when the Government would enforce
the forfeiture, that it should establish its right, by
showing that the offender had been convicted.
But, as is well said by Mr. Justice Story in the
Palmyra case, cited by the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] the other day, this doctrine
never was applied to forfeitures created by statute.
There may be—there arc cases—such, for instance,
as the violation of revenue laws, where the pen-
alty for violation attaches to property only, and
for which no personal punishment is prescribed.
In such cases the proceeding to enforce the pun-
ishment is said to be in rem, because the judg-
ment of condemnation is against the property and
not against the person. There are other cases,
where, for the same offense, there is a forfeiture
of property and also a personal penalty. Thus,
if the bill under consideration should become a
law, the property of a traitor embraced within its
provisions might be confiscated by proceeding be-
fore a judicial tribunal in the manner prescribed
in the act, and the traitor himself might also be
executed under the law of Congress now in force,
which declares treason to be a capital offense. In
such cases, says Judge Story, the proceeding in
rem stands independent of and wholly unaffected
by any criminal proceeding in personam.
Having thus, as I think, met the constitutional
objections which have been made against the
measure under consideration, and shown that it
is competent for Congress, if it sees fit so to do, to
declare the property of rebels forfeited, the next
question which presents itself is, whether such a
law is expedient, or if expedient at all, to what
extent it is expedient.
Upon this question, I have already in a general
way indicated my own views. As to the extent
to which it is expedient to go, in declaring the
forfeiture of rebel property, I do not differ so very
widely from the Senator from Pennsylvania. lie
thinks there are many in the confederate States
who have been constrained even by force to join
in the rebellion. I hope and believe this is so.
" Are these," he asks, " to suffer upon the same
scaffold with the willing traitor?" I emphatically
answer no—certainly not. No one desires it. " Is
there no difference to be made," he again asks,
" between the general who betrayed his country
and the soldier he has compelled to march at his
bidding at the head of a rebel column ?" I again
answer, most certainly; all the difference between
one who commits a criminal act with n guilty
purpose, and another who commits the same act
under duress. In short, all the difference between
guilt and innocence. I would make as much dif-
ference as the Senator himself between " the wily
traitor and his simple dupe."
In the first section of the bill proposed as a sub-
stitute I have endeavored, as well as I could by
any general classification, to give effect to this
discrimination. The forfeiture declared is con-
fined to two classes only, intended to embrace the
leaders in the rebellion,and the leaders only. The
first class includes such persons as have hereto-
fore held any office under thG Government of the
United States, or any State government, of suffi-
cient dignity to require that they should take the
official oath prescribed by the Constitution, and
who, after the passage of the act, shall be found
engaged in the rebellion, thus adding to their trea-
son the crime of perjury. The sccond class con-
sists of those who have held similar offices under
the confederate constitution requiring them to
take an oath to support that instrument, and who
shall, in like manner, be found engaged in the re-
bellion. Under a law thus restricted, there can
be little danger that any person will suffer undue
punishment. To this extent the law seems im-
periously demanded to prevent, in very many
cases, the worst of traitors from escaping punish-
ment altogether. Personal prosecutions for trea-
son will be likely, for the most part, to prove in-
effectual. Such prosecutions are too difficult and
too uncertain to operate with much restraining
effect. To most of those now engaged in the rebel-
lion, the apprehension of such prosecutions would
present but empty terrors. Were the arch-trai-
tor, Jefferson Davis himself, now within the grasp
of the law, it would be far more difficult to convict
even him than any person would, at the first
thought, imagine. Where shall he be tried, and
who are the witnesses who will testify against
him, are questions which would be very likely to
perplex even our learned and very worthy Attor-
ney General.
It will be observed that I have spoken of the
forfeiture of property, for which these bills pro-
