APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 29,
Sim Cong....2d Sess.
Frauds on the Treasury—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Reps.
eraiely* that if this employment of Thomas A
Scott has not cost this Government millions of
dollars, it has cost hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars. So much for the appointment of a railroad
agent, receiving a salary as such, to be the super-
intendent of the Government transportation and
Assistant Secretary of War. No man can defend
it. - What has been the effect? Why, the com-
mittee show, by their report, that in transporta-
tion the Government is paying at least thirty-three
per cent, higher than is being paid by private
parties for the same transportation of freights.
Again, sir, I find the Secretary of War, in his
annual report, fixes this matter up in this way.
He says:
" Corporations, liUc individuals, arp liableto be governed
by selfisU motives in the absence of competition. An in-
stance of this kind occurred in the management of the rail-
roads between Daltimore and New York. The sum of wx
dollars was charged upon that route tor the uati-'portntion
of each roIMt from Now York to Ualtunoie. As tins rate
seemed extravagant to the Department, when couMdmcd
ill connection with the gicat iuciease of tiado upon thos>e
roads, made ncce.-eaiy by the wants of the Government.
Inquiry \va* made concerning the expediency m uring 1 he
roads from New York to Baltimore via fhuri-burg. The
result was till arrangement by which troopd were brought
by the last-named mute at lour ilolfais each; and, as> a con-
sequence. thU rate was at once necessarily adopted by ail
the rUtlroads in the loyal State, making a saving to the
Government of thirty-three and a third per cent, in all its
transportation of soldiers, and at the same tune giving to
the railroads, through Increased business, a liberal com-
pensation. "
Now, sir, there Simon Cameron, as Secretary
of War, attempts to impress upon the country
that it was thiough the instrumentality of his JDe-
paitmcnt that the reduction in the rate of trans-
portation of troops was effected. Yet, what was
the fact? When GoveriforCurtin, on the 4th day
of June loaf, calicd a convention of railroad com-
panies at Harrisburg, for the purpose of adopting
some general plan of transportation, Simon Cam-
eron's road, the Northern Central, was repre-
sented there by his superintendent, JamesO.Clark,
who, all through, voted against any reduction in
the rates of trmispoi t.uion, either of freights or
troops. The Pennsylvania Central road was also
there represented, and it voted steadily against
any reduction. And yet the virtuous Secretary
of War attempts, in his report, to create the im-
pression upon the country that it was through his
instrumentality that the reduction was made.
Sir, the reduction was not made through that
instrumentality. The first road that made a de-
duction was the road coming by the way of Phil-
midpltm from New Y<n k. It was the small roads
in the great State ot Pennsylvania which reduced
the rate of the transportation of troops from three
to two cents per mile, but leaving the cost of trans-
porting all species of property for the Govern-
ment as it was originally, except that the Gov-
ernment, instead of paying through freight, which
was the cheapest, was to pay local rates accord-
ing to the card of the War Department issued on
the 12th day of July last, through Thomas A.
Scott.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. F.A. CONKLING. I move that the gen-
tleman from Indiana be allowed to proceed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, objected,
Mr. COX. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Maine that this side of the House has not
spoken upon this subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. i trust that the fact tlint I
nave been interrupted will be taken into consid-
eration.
Mr. DAWES. If the House does not object,
the gentleman may have a portion of my time
No objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. The rates fixed by the card
of 1 homas A.facott, on the 12th day of July, 18G1,
did reducc the transportation of troops from three
to two cents per mile, but considering the mode of
tiansportation and the vast numbers transported
—and nine nulls per mile is full cost of such trans-
it pollution—tlie railroad interests even here tri-
umphed over tile Government. One centner mile
according to impartial testimony, was ample. But
with reference to freights, the prices fixed by that
card, only recently modified and only slightly, is
a most patent fraud upon the country—the Gov-
ernment paying thirty-three per cent., at a fair
estimate, more than private parties.
What is the result of placing the Government
at the mercy of the railroads? From eight hun-
dred thousand to a million of dollarsis the increase
of the earnings of the Northern Central during the
current year—nearly fifty per cent, over that of
the former year; and upon the other road—the
Pennsylvania Central—there has been an increase
of $1,350,235. The effect of all this has been to
almost double the fair cost to the Government of
transportation upon all these thoroughfares.
Mr. McPHERSON. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman that the Baltimore and Ohio road was
closed all that time, which had the effect to throw
all the transportation to and from the West upon
these other lines.
Mr. HOLMAN. That accounts for a part, but
only a part, of the increase; for, independent of
Government transportation, shipments from the
West by this route have been limited.
Mr. McPHERSON. A very large part.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will tell the gentleman how
to account for another part. There is a regular
connection between the Pennsylvania Central and
Northern Central at Harrisburg. The Pennsyl-
vania Central and Simon Cameron and his family
and friends own the controlling interest in the
Northern Central. The same influence that fixed
the enormous rates of the card of the 12th of July,
arranged that the twenty-five thousand head ofbeef
cattle shipped from the West for this capital should
be stopped, unloaded, and reshipped at Harris-
burg, instead of coming directly through from
Harrisburg to Baltimore; the local freight is nine-
toon cents per hundred pounds, the through freight
but five, so that the effect of reshipping at Har-
risburg is to charge the Government fourteen
cents additional for every hundred pounds. This
policy of shipping to Harrisburg, instead of di-
rectly through to Baltimore, while beneficial to
both roads, has resulted, I do not hesitate to say,
and 1 speak with caution, in increasing' the ex-
pense of the Government upon that one item alone,
including the incidents to the reshipment, over
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, accruing
to the direct benefit of the two roads. And, sir,
there is not an intelligent commissary or quarter-
master in the country, and especially at Harris-
burg, but will tell you that they know of no reason
whatever why the reshipment at Harrisburg has
been adopted, instead of taking the freight directly
through to Baltimore, unless to increase the piofits
ot the railroads. It is by these agencies, sir, that
the enormous publicdebthas been builtup. Cor-
porations and officials have fattened, while the na-
tion has grown poor. 1 make this charge against
the late Secretary of War—and, in my judgment,
it is the gravest charge which can be made against
a public man—that, in the employment of Alex-
ander Cummings for the performance of duties in
New York,in regulating the subject of transport-
ation, in making and consummating the contracts
to which I have referred, he has been willing, as
Secretary of War, for tho. purpose of advancing
the private interests of himself, his friends, and
family, to sacrifice the grave public interest com-
mitted to his keeping. I charge him with this
infidelity to his trust.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Is Cummings a member
of his family >
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not say that he was. I
believe he is not; but the parties that control the
Northern Central road are. And, sir, the World, |
while Alexander Cummings, its conductor, rioted
on the public Treasury, was most tumultuous and
noisy in upholding the administration of General
Cameron. The World admired and sustained the
administration of Simon, Cameron, and it was a
well-known fact that that paper was controlled
by his upright and virtuous agent.
Another thing. My friend and my colleague,
U eMFAx,] who has discussed the subject of
General Fremont frequently, has referred to Gen- j
eial Ripley. ]Now, sir, I have before me the re-
port of the present Secretary of War with refer- J
^n6.^0 if ^rchase of a™s> and I propose to !
call the attention of the House to a few facts con-
tained m that report. First, that Simon Cam- I
whL'h'L"1? rs ^he cnol"mous contracts for arms j
rJnJ Jl l mal«Vv s noting in the dark. 1
Greneial Ripley, as far back, indeed, as the beo-in-
ning of our difficulties, suggested the impropriety '
of adopting the line of poiicy-thc general™
tract system—that Secretary Cameron ultimately
adopted." I refer to the communication of tine 11th
of June; and 1 find at the bottom of his letter the
following statement:
June 11, 1861.
I beg to commend these remarks to the acceptance and
firm adherence of the Secretary of War.
W1NFIEL.D SCOTT.
And yet, contrary to the advice of these two
great masters in the profession of arms, so capa-
ble of giving him advice upon that subject, he
goes on and makes these enormous contracts. I
have the report before me. Those contracts, in
the aggregate, amount to $46,104,065, and the
arms which are to be delivered hereafter, with the
Army already well supplied and the national
armory in full operation, run up to the enormous
sum of over thirty millions of dollars. By those
contracts, twenty dollars apiece are to be paid for
Springfield rifles; and Isay,with a full knowledge
of the facts, that those contracts are worth
§7,500,000 over and above a legitimate and honest
profit. I make that statement on the authority of
General Ripley, who is eminently able to speak
upon the subject. In this estimate, I allow a profit
of three dollars on each arm. I understand my
colleague to call in question somewhat his integ-
rity; but my colleague is mistaken. I undertake
to say that amid this wide-spread corruption and
the hordes of sharpers and brokers and ex-mem-
bers of Congress and bankers and stock-jobbers
and blood-suckers and plunderers who gathered
instinctively around the Secretary of War for the
purpose of plundering this Government and rob-
bing the people, this old man, General Ripley,
stood up like an old Roman, a pillar of virtue m
the midst of a wide-spiead desert of corruption,
a rock and a breakwater against a torrent of fraud.
I wish to God this Government was full of such
men.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I wish to make a remark
in reference to General Ripley, right here.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am already consuming too
much of the time of my friend from Massachu-
setts.
Mi*. MOORHEAD. I desire but a few mo-
ments. The gentleman's time has been extended.
The gentleman refers to General Ripley as having
stood up as a breakwater against this general cor-
ruption. I have all esteem for General Ripley,
but I doubt very much whether tho old general
has yet waked up to the necessity of providing for
this war, I am noPexactly certain that he appre-
ciates the character of the war which is going on.
I will tell you one thing.
Mr. HOLMAjY. Unless it is understood that
my friend Dawes's time is not to be restricted, I
cannot yield any further.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I should like just to make
a statement. 1 will stand responsible'for its truth.
Mr. HOLMAN. Waituntil I ascertain whether
there is any objection to allowing my friend from
Massachusetts to have his time extended.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I have the floor. The
gentleman yielded to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is entitled to the floor whenever he claims it.
Mr. MOORHEAD, I want to make a state-
ment that will take about two minutes. I presume
the gentleman from Indiana wants to hear the
whole truth.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want you to state it, pro-
vided that T may have an opportunity to state my
own views. 1 J
nilYour Way 1S one-sided.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot yield the floor unless
the time is to be extended.
Mr. OLfN I hope the gentleman from Indi-
ana will yield to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, who seems to have some charge to make
against General Ripley. I hope the gentleman
Wli!r ^ heard before this House.
f Mr. HOLMAN. 1 will, if it is understood that
h is not to come out of my time, or the time of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, by whose
courtesy I am speaking.
fThe SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Moriiii,l] objects (o that.
Mi. HOLMAN. If thegentleman looks at this
volume of correspondence, he will find that tho
old-gentleman is fully awke. Ho will find that
he suggested purchasesof a larger amount of arms
