1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1655
vide, only as a measure of punishment. In my
judgment this is the only proper light in which it
should be considered. In a pecuniary sense, and
as a means of indemnifying the Government
against the enormous expense incurred in sup-
pressing the rebellion, neither of these bills, nor
any kindred measure which could be devised,
would be of any account. I predict that the Gov-
ernment will never profit to the amount of a single
dollar by the confiscation of rebel property. Since
the Christian era began no Government ever did,
or ever will.
The second section of the bill, which I shall
offer as a substitute, merely declares what would
have been the legal effect of the first section with-
out it. By the common law, a forfeiture for crime
relates back to the time the offense was commit-
ted, and thus avoids all intermediate sales and in-
cumbrances. In England, upon an attainder of
treason, not only the property which the offender
had at the time of his conviction, but that which
he had at the time he committed the treasonable
offense, or at any time afterwards, vested in the
crown. This principle is declared in the second
section of the substitute, and also in the original
bill.
The third and fourth sections of the substitute
are taken, without alteration, I believe, from the
original bill. Theyprescnbe the mode of proceed-
ing to enforce the forfeiture declared in the first sec-
tion, both in States or districts where the course
of judicial proceedings is obstructed by the rebel-
lion, and also in States or districts where it is not
so obstructed. Another section confers upon the
district courts of the United States the requisite
jurisdiction to enable them to carry out the pur-
poses of the act.
The provision contained in the sixth section
of the substitute is novel and important. I am
free to admit that subsequent reflection has led me
to regard it with less favor than when the sec-
tion was first framed. It allows the forfeiture de-
clciied in the first section to be set up, by way
of defense, against any suit, right, claim, or pro-
ceeding which maybe instituted or prosecuted by
or in behalf of any person who has incurred such
forfeiture. Its effect would be, indeed, I may say,
the design of the section was, to encourage com-
petitors and opponents in detecting and exposing
treasonable conduct. I am not sure that such an
effect would be desirable or of salutary influence.
I am myself inclined to regard the provision as a
measure of questionable policy. But it having
been inserted in the bill, I have thought it better
to allow it to stand for the consideration of the
Senate.
The seventh section of the substitute, which is
in substance the same as the second section of
the original bill, relates exclusively to the slave
property of rebels. Unlike the provisions of pre-
ceding sections, the forfeiture declared is applica-
ble alike to all persons who shall be found engaged
m the rebellion. This is clearly right. All must
agree, I think, that slavery is the chief, indeed,
the sole producing cause of the rebellion. It has
long been, and so long as it continues to exist it
will be, the great disturbing element in our politi-
cal system. Northern politicians, seeking to ob-
tain political power, have cowered before it, and
ignominiously yielded to its imperious exactions.
In this way it has been able to hold the reins and
control the policy of the Government for most of
the time since our history as a nation began—of-
ten , very often, to the serious prejudice of our best
interests as a nation. It was because, and only
because this power had been wrested from its
hands by an indignant and long-suffering people,
that this rebellion was inaugurated. Underthese
circumstances it cannot be unjust; on the contrary,
it is the part of true statesmanship to limit the
power of slavery in every constitutional way.
However strong the temptation, I would not im-
pair, even by a hair's breadth, any rights which
the Constitution guaranties to any man.
But while I would not do this, I would, by any
and by all appropriate and constitutional legisla-
tion, strip the institution of slavery of all political
power beyond that which is secured to it by the
Constitution itself. This, in my judgment, should
be the policy and the unyielding purpose of every
true lover of his country. What particular meas-
ures may be best adapted to accomplish this great
end, it is yet, perhaps, too soon to determine.
Events are now hurrying on with such unequaled
and startling rapidity, that no man can now say
what may yet be done, consistently with a faith-
ful obedience to all the requirements of the Con-
stitution, to restrict, if not entirely destroy, the
mischievous influence of slavery as a political ele-
ment. It is the part of wisdom to wait and watch,
with calmness and patience, and see what devel-
opments coming events may make.
But whatever else may or may not be done, it
cannot be wrong or unwise for the Government to
avail itself of the power which treason has placed
in its hands to declare the forfeiture of the slave
property of rebels.
As our armies advance further and still further
into rebel territory, the number of slaves who will
become separated from their masters, and thus
practically set at liberty, will be constantly in-
creasing. The longer the war continues, the
greater will be the extent of this practical eman-
cipation. What is to become of this constantly
increasing mass of ignorant, improvident, de-
graded, and despised humanity, I cannot foresee.
Its destiny is as yet shrouded in the impene-
trable mystery of future events. But this I can
predict, with unerring certainty, that not one of
all this multitude who shall thus be liberated
through the madness of their masters, will ever,
with the authority or consent of this Government,
be returned to bondage. His liberation, acci-
dental in its origin, and seeming to be temporary,
is sure to become a permanent and real thing.
The section now under consideration provides
for the case of such liberated slaves. By merely
changing a rule of evidence, the burden is thrown
upon the master, who claims that his slave who
has escaped from his possession shall be returned
to his service, of proving not only his title to such
service, but also that he himself has not forfeited
his right by his own infidelity to his Government.
The provision is founded upon the presumption,
by no means violent or unreasonable in this re-
bellion, that the slave owner is himself disloyal.
I regard this as by far the most important and
effective provision in this section of the bill.
Where the slave continues in the custody of his
rebel master at the close of the rebellion, it is not
very likely I think that he will be liberated by the
operation of this section, except, perhaps, in the
case of rebel leaders, whose whole estate may be
forfeited under the first section of the bill.
After all, Mr. President, we are entering upon
a new and untried field of legislation. It becomes
us to consider well every step we take, and to act
with prudence and moderation, lest by chance we
aggravate the mischief we seek to remedy. Our
great and ever-present all-controlling purpose
should be the restoration—the full, complete, en-
during restoration of the Union—every section,
State, and Territory returning to its own proper
place in our great national system, and all again
moving on, as in times past, each in its own ap-
propriate sphere, in unity and harmony to the ac-
complishmentofa glorious destiny. To effect this
great end, I would have any law which Congress
may sec fit to pass for the punishment of rebels
administered with magnanimous mildness and foi-
bcarancc, tendering to all who, excusing their
treason, shall be willing to return to their duty as
citizens and renew their allegiance to the Govern-
ment, the most generous forgiveness and indem-
mty.
With a view more effectually to attain this
object—an object so desirable, and so worthy of
a great nation in dealing with its rebel citizens—
this bill endows the President with the most ample
discretion. It gives him authoiity, by proclama-
tion or pardon, or in any other way he may sec
fit, and upon such terms as he may think proper,
to exempt or discharge any person from the pen-
alties and forfeitures imposed by the bill. He
is also authorized at any time fry proclamation
wholly to terminate the operation of any of its
provisions.
Invited by such a policy, I can but indulge the
hope that there are multitudes now in arms against
the Government who, when the hour of delusion
and madness shall have passed away and reason
resumes its wonted office, will gladly, gratefully
accept their nation's forgiveness; while others,
but a few, I trust, more guilty than all the rest,
must expiate their unpardonable crime upon the
scaffold, or, escaping the righteous condemnation
of the law, self-banished, like the first malefactor
of our race, become fugitives and vagabonds upon
the face of the earth—without home, without
country, without hope or consolation, finding their
greatest punishment in living, their only relief in
dying.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consent of
the Senator from Kentucky, I should like very
much to have an executive session now.
Mr. POWELL. I am willing to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. That is all I
have to say about it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Having an executive
session at four o'clock amounts to nothing. I
should like very much to have an executive ses-
sion now.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned. t
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 14,1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H.Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
GRADUAL EMANCIPATION.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the select committee on the subject of the grad-
ual emancipation in the slavehoiding States by
the people or local authorities thereof, authorized
by resolution of April 7, 18G2:
Messrs. Albert S. White of Indiana, Francis
P. Blair of Missouri, George P. Fisher of Del-
aware, William E. Lehman of Pennsylvania, C.
L. L. Leary of Maryland, K. V. Whaiey of Vir-
ginia, James F.*Wilson of Iowa, Samuel L. Ca-
sey of Kentucky, and Andrew J. Clements of
Tennessee.
EMANCIPATION IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. LEHMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to record my vote on
the bill for the abolishment of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, beingunavoidably absent when
the vote was taken. I was paired with my col-
league, [Mr. Ancona,] and I ask that he also be
allowed to record his vote.
There was no objection.
Mr. Lehman voted in the affirmative, and'Mr.
Ancona in the negative.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, all
the members who have not voted on the bill re-
ferred to, will be permitted to have their votes
recorded by calling at the Clerk's desk.
There was no objection*, and it was so ordered.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. COX. I present the following joint reso-
lution:
Joint resolution relative to the raising of interna] revenue.
Resolved hy the General •Assembly of the State of Ohio,
That ouf Senators and Representatives m Congress be, and
they are hereby, respectfully requested to procure and sup-
port such an amendment to the bill for the purpose of rais-
ing internal revenue as may permit the several States to
collect the same within thcinespeetivelimits,anddeterm-
ine the compensation of the officers by them employed.
Resolved, That the Governor of this State be requested
to forward a copy of the foregoing resolution to cach of our
Senators and Representatives in Congress.
JAMES it. HUB BELL,
Speaker of the Howe of Representatives.
13. STANTON,
•April 3, 1862. President of the Senate.
Mr. Spealccr, this resolution comes too late for
the action of this House, as the tax bill has al-
ready gone to the Senate. It is the unanimous de-
sire of tlie Legislature and the people of Ohio that
the mode of collecting internal revenue shall be
remitted to the several States, whose Legislature
shall fix the number and compensation of the tax
collectors. If that be done, and the tax be made
moie equal and the objects of taxation less multi-
farious, I am sure the State will be move prompt
to meet the taxes imposed upon it; and that the
vote, when the bill is returned to us from the Sen-
ate, will be nearer a unit than it was on its pas-
sage here.
I move that the resolution be laid upon1 the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
