1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2615
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 9, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. James Marshall, of New
York.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Preble county, Ohio, praying for the confiscation
of the property of traitors; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented additional papers
in the case of Rebecca A. Carrell, widow of Isaac
Carrell, praying for a pension; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of the
General Assembly of the United Presbyterian
Church, now in session in the city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania; and also of the Synod of the Re-
formed Presbyterian Church, now in session in
the city of Alleghany, Pennsylvania, in which,
after setting forth the character of slavery, they
proceed to speak of it as the prime cause of the
existing national rebellion, and if continued, a
sure provocative of further and greater judgments
of God upon the nation, and therefore they earn-
estly appeal to the Congress of the United States
to adopt at once all the measures competent to it
to secure the immediate emancipation of all hu-
man beings now held in oppressive and degrading
bondage in any part of the land, so far as such an
act of justice may avail to avert the just indgna-
tion of God and secure the United States from
the recurrence of any similar iniquitous assault
upon our national civilization and liberty.
This memorial is signed by the modeiator and
clerk of the General Assembly of the United Pres-
byterian Church; also by the moderator and clerk
of the Synod of the Reformed Presbyterian
Church. I offer this memorial; and as the sub-
ject is under consideration by the Senate, I ask
that it lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That Bailie Peyton lmve Jeave to withdraw his
memorial and papers fiom the files of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on the
7th instant an act (S. No. 292) for the collection of
direct taxes m insurrectionary districts within the
United States, and for other purposes.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office andPo&t
Roads be duecU'd to consider the expediency of providing
fin an au-hnc ni.iroad between Washington and New Yoi k,
winch shall cany the mails of the United States and be tree
from all local impediments.
Mr. KENNEDY. I object.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
objected to, and it lies over until to-morrow.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the petition of Marie Genand,
heir of John Hudry, praying for the reimburse-
ment of money advanced and expended in 1814
and 1815 by said Hudry for the United States,
asked to lie discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to
APPROPRIATION FOR VOLUNTEERS' BOUNTY.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the amendments
of tile Senate to the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 413) making appropriations for
the pay merit of the bounty authorized by the sixth
section of an act entitled " An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property,'' approved
July 22,1861, and for other perposes, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives, reported thereon;
and on his motion, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
disagi eed to by the House, and ask a conference on tiie dis-
,r,; ecing votes of the two Houses iheieon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
Messrs. Howe, Foster, and Nesmith were'
appointed the committee of conference.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five thousand additional copies of the report of tlie
Smithsonian Institution for 1861, have directed
me to report it back with an amendment, to add
the following proviso:
Provided, That the aggregate number of pages contained
in said report shall not exceed tour hundred and fifty pages,
without wood cuts or plates, except those furnished by the
Instiiuiion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator from Rhode
Island state the estimated cost?
Mr. ANTHONY. This is the usual number.
An estimate of the cost has been sent in with the
papers. It is precisely the same number of pages
and copies as last year, and therefore the expense
is just the same.
Mr. CARLILE. I think this is a very good
time for the Senate to commence a revision in this
practice of printing books, and, for one, I intend
to vote against printing extra books and against
printing extra numbers of any work, and 1 shall
commence by voting against this proposition.
The resolution, as amended, wa3 adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
Report of the Smithsonian Institution for 1861 be printed ;
two thousand for the use of the Smithsonian Institution,
and tluce thousand for tlie use of tiie Senate: Provided,
That tiie aggregate number of pages contained in said repoit
shall not exceed four hundred and fifty pages, without wood
cuts or plates except those furnished by tiie Institution.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consentobtamed,leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 343) to provide for additional medi-
cal officers of the volunteer service; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 344) to
incorporate the Metropolitan Gas Light Company
of the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
CONVICTS IN DISTRICT PENITENTIARY.
• On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the joint resolution (S. No. 8G) regulating
the employment of the convicts in the peniten-
tiary of the District of Columbia, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Wilson,
of Massachusetts, to insert as an additional sec-
tion:
Jlnd be it further resolved, That the soldiers and volun-
teers confined ill the penitentiary m the District of Colum-
bia, under sentences imposed by military courts-martial, be
foithwitli discharged ; and that imprisonment ill said pen-
itentiary under sentences imposed by courts-martial shall
not hereafter be allowed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This is
simply to discharge from imprisonment in the
penitentiary soldiers who have been sent there,
not by a court and jury, but by a court-martial,
and forbidding the use of the prison hereafter for
the imprisonment of any person under a sentence
of a court-martial.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move the following
amendment to the amendment:
And that hereafter no soldier or sailor in tlie Army or
Navy of the United States shall be confined oi held in the
said'penitentiary under oi byvirtueol any judgment or sen-
tence of a court-martial.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not quite certain that
either of these propositions, as they are drawn,
will exactly meet the necessities of the public ser-
vice. There are cases, I think, where the culprit
should be confined in the penitentiary, where the
man has perpetrated a ciime that is malum in se,
an offense that is recognized as an offense by all
codes, military and civil, and where he has had a
fair and impartial trial, and where he is palpably
S°Mr' WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to ask the Senator from Iowa why, ill such
a case as lie now puts, the prisoner could not be
turned over to the civil authorities for trialr
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose a man committed an
offense of that description in the Pacific Squadron
on board of one of our ships of war, he would tie
tried by a court-martial; there would be no civil
tribunal before which he could be arraigned; the
judgment of the court-martial would be sent here
with the prisoner to the proper authorities in, the
executive department, where there would be, ah
opportunity to revise it; and there would'be ho
method of trying him or punishing him otherwise
than in this manner, and by putting liim in the
penitentiary. But the great trouble in this case
in regard to the penitentiary is that persons are
being now confined there for the most trivial of-
fenses, tried by a summary court-martial, where
there is no chance for the person accused of the
offense to have an attorney, and no opportunity to
call witnesses 
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to put one simple
question to my friend from Iowa; and that is,
whether there is any Federal statute within his
knowledge which authorizes the sending of a per-
son accused before a court-martial and convicted
there to any penitentiary or State prison ? I am
unable to find any such statute, I confess. There
may be such a one, but I am not aware of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator that
I have not seen any such statute; but I have been
referred by the War Department to a decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States in which
it is said that such a power exists.
Mr. HOWARD. There manifestly must be
some statute authorizing it to make it legal.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Secretary of the In-
terior, who has charge of this business, has exam-
ined the matter with great care, and he has decided
against the authority. There is no authority, I
think, for it; but the Attorney General has given
an opinion in favor of it. I think it is a great out-
rage, and I hope it will be remedied.
Mr. HOWARD. I fancy it will turn out that
there is no law justifying a person convicted be-
fore a summary court-martial being sent to the
penitentiary. The whole thing is an irregularity;
and it seems to mc, with all respect to my friend
from Iowa, that the Committee on the District of
Columbia should make a very careful inquiry into
the law of the case, and ascertain for themselves
and satisfy the country whether that be so. There
are a great many persons who have been sent to
the penitentiary by courts-martial, and there is
great complaint about it.
Mr. GRIMES. This question has not been
brought up by the Committee on the District of
Columbia; it has been brought in by the Senator
from Massachusetts; but I understand the argu-
ment in favor of incarcerating these men in the pen-
itentiary is based on this: the articles of war,under
a law passed in 1806, are substantially laws of the
United States, being enacted under that authority.
They authorize confinement; and I understand
that the Supreme Court has decided that persons
convicted under them can be thus confined in the
penitentiary. I do not know whether or not any
such decision has been made us that, but I have
this indirectly from the Judge Advocate of the
United States Army, Major Lee. _ All this diffi-
culty has grown out of the fact which I stated be-
fore, that persons are tried by a Nummary court-
martial for very trivial offenses; they have hardly
any opportunity to be heard in their own defense;
they have lio counsel; they have no opportunity
to call witnesses, and there is no chance for an
appeal from the decisions that have been made.
I have before me a list of the prisoners of this
class now confined in the penitentiary in this Dis-
trict) their names, the State from which they came,
with the company and regiment to which they
belonged, ami the offenses for which they were
committed. There are ninety-six of them. Forty-
eight of them are confined for what is termed in-
subordination; some trivial offense which they
are said to have perpetrated toward a commanding
officer, toward theii sergeant or their corporal.
Nineteen of them are accused and have been con-
victed of the crime of desertion, three for neglect
of duty, and have been sent to the penitentiary for
terms ranging from six months to five years.
Seven are theie for violating the fifty-fourth article
of war, which is against treading oil grass, or cut-
ting down a tree, or committing waste of any de-
scription. Six are there for mutiny, which con-
sisted, as js shown by the evidence, in refusing to
go into the face of an enemy without weapons in
their hands. After having been in the service of
