1862.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
138
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Frauds on the Treasury—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Eeps.
in the outset than the Secretaryof War approved.
He will find his policy fully indorsed by General
Scott. He will find that, on the 4th day of Octo-
ber, 1861, m his judgment, there had been a suf-
ficient number of contracts for arms given out to
be prospectively fulfilled. The wisdom of the old
iiian was manifest there. And yet, after that time
the Secretary of War, and his Assistant Secretary
Scott, in spite of the remonstrance of General
Ripley, gave to (he cia?s of men I have enumer-
ated—the lobby of the War Department, thearmy
of contract brokers—contracts for the delivery
of arms hereafter, hereafter, to the amount of
$30,000,000; though, strange to say, as is sug-
gested to me by the gentleman from New York,
(Mr. F. A. Conkling,] he afterwards denied that
he had given out any contracts at all; and yot there
was—I point to the page of the record—a contract
given out, and signed by Mr. Cameron himself,
on the 25th day of December, for fifty thousand
arms, to be bought in Europe, to the famous job-
bers, H. Boker& Co., for an arm that will be piled
up in heaps.
Mr. OLIN. I hope now the gentleman from
Indiana will give the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia an opportunity to make any statement he de-
sires in reference to the official conduct of General
Ripley. I am very sure the House will give the
gentleman an opportunity to reply.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 must decline to yield if it
is to be taken out of my time.
Mr. DAWES. Yield, and I will take my
chance.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; I yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MOORHEAD. When I was last upon the
floor, I was commenting upon the remarks the
gentleman was making upon General Ripley's
standing up as a breakwater against this corrup-
tion, and against these enormous contracts for
arms. I commenced by saying that I thought the
old general Was not awake to the necessity of pro-
viding for the exigencies of the times. Now, I
do not want, nor do I intend to make any attack
upon General Ripley, for I admire him; I think
him a good, kind old gentleman. But I want to
state what I know to be a fact, and it is this: that,
on the 22d of June, 1861, less than a month before
the battle of Bull Run, General Ripley, under the
belief 1 suppose that there was no great war going
on, that arms were not wanted, that it was not
going to be much of a shower, disposed of ten
thousand rifled muskets made at Springfield, as
good as any arms,in the country, to Colt, of New
York; he traded them off for pistols, taking pis-
tola in exchange for them. Those arms were
wanted afterwards, and an ordnance officer, Ma-
jor Hagner, who was sent to New York to pur-
chase arms, saw one of those muskets exhibited
in a store there, and was told there were ten thou-
sand of them to be had. He said it was impos-
sible, that there were no such arms on sale in the
country, that there could not be ten thousand of
them, and that it was an entire mistake. The
gentleman who exhibited the arm told him ho had
better inquire. He picked up the arm and looked
at it. It was a Springfield musket, and a very
good one, and on close examination he found the
inspection mark. "Why," said he "this arm
has been stolen; send for a detective." The gen-
tleman told him that he thought not; but that if
it had been stolen, he had better take a quieter and
milder course of investigating the matter than to
send for a detective. Upon investigation—I do
not pietend to tell the whole story as it was told
to me—it turned out that General Ripley had
traded these arms for pistols, and he afterwards
refused to buy them back, until General Cameron
insisted that they should be bought back, and that
Colt should give them back at the rate at which
he purchased them. Now, that is the reason why
I think the old general is not awake to the im-
portance of providing arms, and I give it as a lea-
son why he would disapprove of any contract for
arms. But it was the business of the War De-
partment and of the President, and of every one
controlling the means of this Government, to pro-
vide arms and purchase them from everybody and
wherever they could be had, to defend the flag of
our country.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not informed of these
facts, but does noi the gentleman know that there
are contracts for arms exceeding thirty millions
of dollars, which have been made with persons
who are not manufacturers of arms, or dealers in
arms, and who have no connection with the busi-
ness at all, but mere brokers 7 Does not the gentle-
man know that these contracts have been given
to mere politicians and speculators, and that Si-
mon Cameron himself, as one of his last official
acts, authorized the transfer of contracts for rifles,
made by Ijim with mere brokers, which would in-
ure to the benefit of the contractors who were thus
selling their contracts, to theamountof $450,000?
I say that this record before me not-only sustains
the ability and integrity of General Ripley, and
shows him to be one of the purest men, and one
of the ablest ordnance officers of this or any other
Government, but it shows that Simon Cameron,
surrounded as he was by the peculators that in-
fested the War Department, and actuated by mo-
tives which no public necessity can explain, did
let out contracts to the extent of $30,000,000, to
be fulfilled hereafter, when at this moment every
one of those contracts might be abrogated without
any detriment to the public interests. The arms
are not required. No officer of the Ordnance Bu-
reau, which is alone authorized by law to pur-
chase arms, deemed the contracts necessary. Gen-
eral Ripley protested against them. No mortal
man, except Simon Cameron and his Assistant
Secretary and the contractors themselves, can ex-
plain the reason why these contracts were made.
Those are the contracts that make the tax bill groan.
But, sir, one other matter. The gentleman
who has the honor of being chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs made a speech yesterday
in defense of the Secretary of the Navy, and in-
sisted, although I believe he did not say so in so
many words, that the object of one of the resolu-
tions now pending is to censure the Navy Depart-
ment. I will say to the gentleman that the beau-
tiful things lie uttered, including the poetry, about
our Navy and about its old achievements before
Tripoli and elsewhere—every word that he said
in its eulogy, of its beginning and progress and
development, stirred my heart with exultation and
pride; his words will meet the approval of every
loyal citizen of the Republic. The Navy is the
pride of the country, and always has been. We
are proud of the flag that floats defiantly on the
highway of nations; but 1 say to my friend from
New York that he cannot evade the true issue.
The question is not whether the Navy is efficient
or not. I believe the gentleman will not pretend
that the Secretary of the Navy is equal to Neptune,
the old god of the great deep. I have not heard
that, while the little vessels ofthe rebels have been
escaping through our blockading squadron, he was
able, like that ancient divinity, to lash the ocean
into fury for the purpose of overwhelming them;
but I have heard, although I presume not truth-
fully, that he seemed to be utterly overwhelmed
with astonishment when he heard of the temerity
of traitor vessels running the blockade of his mag-
nificent fleet—a fleet, to establish which the Gov-
ernment had placed in his hands, without restric-
tion, the largest sum of money ever appropriated
by any Government for such a purpose within
such a period of time. But I do not assail him; I
do not call in question his general administration.
It is not necessary for my purpose to do so, how-
ever incompetent I may deem him for the position.
But I do charge that in one respect—that covered
by the resolution—he has acted improvidentiy,
unwisely; and I propose that the House shall
censure him, as the Secretary of the Navy, for
committing a great public wrong. What is the
accusation ?
Sir, there are some things so outrageous, so fla-
grantly wrong, that there can be no argument in
aggravation made against them. There arc some
things so tainted with wrong that all arguments
and reasoning in their exposure and denunciation
sink down hopelessly, because the oflense is
greater than any of which the reason or imagina-
tion can conceive. This is just one of those cases.
The gentleman from New York says that the Gov-
ernment had had experience of the purchase of
vessels by regular officers of the Navy—among
others, by Commodore Breese, of the New York
navy-yard—and that those transactions were all
unfortunate. He refeired to the Badger and the
Roman, names that have become very familiar in
the vocabulary of the House, Let me say that
there was not a solitary purchase made by Com-
modore Breese on his own responsibility. Every
contract wasmadcin conformity with instruction
from the Navy Department, and with restrictions
imposed on him.
Let us examine. On the 21st of April, a few
days before the purchase of the Badger and Ro-
man, Commodore Breese wasdirected by the Navy
Department to consult with William H. Aspin-
wall in the purchase of vessels, and to extend to
him an acknowledgment on behalfof the Secre-
tary of the Navy for the courtesy shown in tender-
ing his services to the Navy Department. Com-
modore Breese did refer to Mr. Aspinwall, and
Aspinwall nominated an agent to buy those ves-
sels, who did buy them, and the Secretary ofthe
Navy paid for them; and this committee, as has
been shown, compelled this agent to disgorge and
pay back to the Treasury over six thousand dol-
lars, dishonestly obtained from the Secretary of
War in making the purchase. Commodore Breese
was honest in all this. There was not the slightest
taint of dishonour attached to him. He detected
the fraud and pointed it out. But, strange to tell,
the Secretary of the Navy did not attempt to
remedy it. He paid t he money on affidavits* which
were frauds on their face. 1 lose a little faith in
the Secretary of the Navy if he read those docu-
ments. The Secretary says that the Department
had nothing to do with Mr. Starbuck, the broker,
or with Mr. Aspinwall; and yet I have here in
my hand the letter of the Secretary of the Navy-
directing that Mr. Aspinwall should be called
upon by Commodore Breese and consulted ip re-
gard to the purchase of vessels. In every other
purchase made by Commodore Breese lie was thus
hampered.
But 1 pass to the real matter in issue.
The Secretary ofthe Navy, in vindication ofhis
mode of purchasing the immense Navy which you
authoi ized, says "that eminent merchants" of
New York have approved his system of purchas-
ing vessels by George D. Morgan, through what
he calls a commercial agency. I have examined
this transaction, and I would like to inform the
gentleman from New York of one circumstance
in connection with it. It is this: these "eminent
merchants," who were so pleased with the Sec-
retary's commercial agency, had sold to George
D. Morgan vessels to the extent of $560,U00, and
I should suppose that they felt exceedingly ami-
able toward him. Let me call attention to some
of these sales, to illustrate them all. There are the
Daylightand the Dawn, two vessels bought from
one of the " eminent merchants." One of them
cost originally $45,000 the other §55,000. They
had been chartered by the Government, and re-
mained chartered till one of them realized $40,000
and the other $50,000, the Government meeting;
every expense, and insuring against all perils;
and then George D. Morgan purchased the two
vessels, paying for one just what it had cost four
years before, and for the other within $10,000 of
what it had originally cost, and Mr. Barstow,
who received the full value and original cost of
his vessels, and $80,000 more, without incurring
any peril at all, might well sit down and say that
George D. Morgan was one of the sharpest and
cleverest men he ever knew in the market. He
could say it with great unction, and he did do it,
and he is a fairillustration of the listof " eminent
merchants" to which the Secretary of the Navy
so complacently refers.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman from In-
diana permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield the floor in a
moment. I will refer to one other transaction to
illustrate. I take the case of the Santiago de Cuba.
I do not find that vessel enumerated among the
vessels purchased by Morgan; yet he received a
commission. That vessel was purchased in New
York from an agent of a company for $200,000.
It was purchased directly by the Navy Depart-
ment here. I wish to relieve George D. Morgan
of the responsibility of that trade, although Jh; did
receive his two and a half per cent, commission.
Trade and commerce were at that time paralyzed,
and all the vessels in New York were thrown on
the market. Addison M. Burt, a New York bro-
ker, was the open agentfor the sale of the vessel;
he realized out of that transaction as brokerage
