634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4;
the distinguished gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] who said the other day that he was
opposed to cutting down salaries—at all events
congressional salaries. I am in favor of catting
up, and cutting off, every expense which can be
discarded, and 1 am in favor of beginning with our
own compensation. Cutitdown; cut it down lib-
erally; cut it down more than it will easily bear,
and then with consistency and sclf-respect we can
turn the knife in all directions.
But I was saying what the people must know
about the use to be made of their money. Above
all things else they must know it is to be applied
to the most vigorous policy of war—that policy
most destructive of rebellion and most crushing to
the idea, whoever dare suggest it, be he in high
place or not, of a continental partition or dismem-
berment in any contingency. They must know
that no idea of accepting anything less than abso-
lute submission lurks undiscovered or glides un-
bruised near any department of the Government.
They must know that dalliance and delay find no
hiding-place cither among the cushions or the sad-
dles on which power is seated.
Just here I want to make a t-emark belonging
strictly to this subject. The determination seems
to exist in some quarteis to misunderstand or per-
vert the position of ali those m this Xiouse or else-
where who have ventured to suggest a query as
to the adequacy of the progress made in the war.
Every member here who insists upon a vital
policy is set down as a disciple of the " on to
Richmond" school, to use the prevailing expres-
sion. That phrase is employed to signify that a
party exists m Congress m favor of dictating an
advance of the army of the Potomac. Now, sir,
for one—and I speak for myself only—i want to
enter my protest against this attempt (o fasten a
false issue upon Congiess, or any pai ty m it.
The propriety of making an advance at any
given time and place is a military question, to be
decided by military authority. The propriety of
an advance, with weather and roads as they are,
upon a large army intrenched on its own ground,
behind its own guns, is a momentous question;
and I do not believe that any constituency repre-
sented on this floor, or its Representative, would
take the responsibility of deciding it m the affirm-
ative. No, sir; it is not the want of an advance
upon Manassas, or uf an advance at any other
given point that is needed to allay public solici-
tude; it is not the failure to advance now that any
one complains of, so far as I know. The ground
of comment is entirely different. It is said that
much time has elapsed since we have had a splen-
did army in the field, and that the progress of the
war has not been great. It is said that two armies
are besieging each other for months together, at
an enormous expense on our part. It is Haul that
owing to prociastination the war has ceased to be
a war of maneuvers, and has become a war of po-
sitions. It is «aid that December and the fust
half of January came with smooth toads and sun-
shine, and held out to us the golden hour, and that
wo failed to improve it. These things and others
have awakened a suspicion that, "the favorite
policy with some directing minds might be the
plan known as " the exhaustive policy;" and it
is this suspected policy* which has awakened the
alarm and indignation of many men. Does any-
body wonder at it: Does anybody wonder that
the common sense of the nation is shocked at the
notion of an exhaustive policy to be waged by us
upon I lie -South? The people all know that our
Army is absurdly large if its only mission is to
hold positions heie and there. Children know that
it would be madness for a manufacturing and com-
mercial people to attempt an exhaustive policy
upon an agricultural people, possessing a great
and ferulecountry. I'ools can hardly be expected
to believe that it would be wise lor twenty mil-
lions ot people,engaged in manufactures and com-
merce, to sit down on the frontlets of an enemy
and waif for the starvation in their own homes of
eight millions of people, possessing within them-
selves the means of producing forever all the ne-
cessaries of life; and this, too, with slaves to till
the soil, and leave their masters time to organize
and drill, and educate the country in the art of war.
And pai ticuiarly would such a policy be fallacious,
if the two gieatcst difficulties and dangers press-
ing upon the twenty millions were first their own
exhaustion from the derangement of finances and
trade and theexpenses of the war; and second, the
possibility that delay would bring hostile inter-
vention from abroad to destroy blockades and pro-
duce collisions between leading Powers, and em-
broil the world in a riot of nations.
No, sir; neither the people or their Represent-
atives want to dictate advances or to interfere
with movements or details; they simply want to
know that the people's servants are using the
people's money and the nation's Army to hurl
swift destruction on the nation's foes. With these
wholesome conditions, wo have free and full per-
mission to vote taxes, and no man need quake for
his vote. Private letters, in scores and hundreds,
attest the truth of what I say. Private and public
assurances, full of the patriotism that pays and
works and suffers and fights, attest its abundant
truth. Thus armed with the power of taxation,
with the country impatient for its exercise, the
whole responsibility of meeting the emergency
with calmness, with safety, and success, is thrown
upon us. We have abundant means in our hands;
the question is, shall we make proper use of them?
Unless we appeal to the moneyed interest of the
country with an adequate policy, we can get no
money, and ought not to get it; we shall not de-
serve it. But if we do present a sound and solid
policy, we can realize, and realize promptly, all
the money we require. We can, in anticipation
of taxation, realize it on paper based upon and to
be retired by taxation, that being made part of
the compact with the public creditor. If this very
bill, in place of containing a legal tender clause,
had provided thatevery note which it proposes to
utter should have stamped or inscribed upon it,
" based upon taxation," " to be redeemed by tax-
ation," so as to be inwrought with taxation, that
mode of imparting value would, I submit, have
been a vast improvement on the provision as it
stands. Such a provision would have seemed
like the magic touch of Hamilton. He says:
"The true ilefmition of public debt is a property sub-
sisting in tlx: tnifli ot ilie Government. Its essence is prom-
ise. It* definite value depend-; upon the reliance that the
piomihe will be faithfully tuifilled."
Rut, sir, for rcasonsand objections beyond this,
I hope we shall be able to improve upon this
scheme, which, it seems, for the first time this
morning, comes here sanctioned by a minority
only of the Committee of Ways and Means. That
committee consists of nine members. One is ab-
sent, and of the eight who are piesent it is said
now, and I am glad to know it, that but four favor
this mcastue.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
New York permit me to say that when this bill
was reported, it had the concurrence, I believe, of
three fourths of the committee? Since that, some
members have changed their views.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Well, sir, in
these times, when very high financial authorities
hesitate and change and reverse their convictions
so very often, I do not think any gentleman need
feel any compunction for having changed his opin-
ions. And, by the by, I want to mention another
matter. There has been some carpmgat the Com-
mittee of Ways and Moans because they have not
brought in a tax hill before this time. For one, I
have no patience with such strictures. Charged,
as the committee is, with more onerous and per-
plexing duties than rest on any other persons in
the Government just now, I think it is entitled to
the thanks of the House and of the country for
its multiplied and conscientious labors, hastened,
no doubt, as fast as possible. With very great
respect to that portion of the committee favoring
this bill, I venture to suggest some criticism upon
it. It has not been put forward as a measure cal-
culated or able to stand ,?lone; it is admitted to be
incomplete m itself. It is to be propped up by a
tax bill. So far, so good: but the two together
cannot stand without something else upon which
to lean: but are both intended, as is now admitted,
as a kind of pedal attachment to a bigger thing—
a great banking scheme, a creature of gigantic
proportions, " fearfully and wonderfully made!"
Mr. STEVENS, i know what the gentleman
refers to. He refers to a suggestion m the argu-
ment of my colleague from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper.] It is not the suggestion of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I thank thechair-
man of tiie Committee of Ways and Means for
saying that, on account of the personal tranquillity
! I derive from it myself. Now, sir, this banking
scheme which the present bill is intended by some
to usher in, and render necessary, I hope gen-
tlemen will mark it; this forthcoming mammoth,
this elephantine machine, will be a great lion when
it comes here. It will be as much of a lion as the
Great Eastern, or Japanese embassy, and we ad-
journed to see the Japanese come ashore with
their trunks, didn't we? Well, sir, we ought to
do something for this expected visitor undoubt-
edly, something handsome. The fatted calf ought
to be killed; but it seems to me that $100,000,000
of paper money, as a legal tender, to pave the way,
is,considering our moderate circumstances, rather
ostentatious hospitality. I do not wish to say
anything disrespectful of this great banking in-
vention; but with him of old " I fear the Greeks,"
and when this Trojan horse is trotted out, I hope
some doubter with a spear will investigate his
bowels and sec what he is likely to emit, whether
armed men or something else; and if armed men,
we'll add them to that army which my colleague
from the Onondaga district [Mr. Sedgwick] said
the other day goes into winter quarters in summer
weather.
There is one thing, however, about the proposed
banking scheme, and about the bill before us, in-
tended probably to attract votes, which seems of
very questionable policy, and very doubtful eth-
ics. I mean hostility to the existing banks of the
country. And inasmuch as I own not a farthing
in the stock of any bank, and have not the slight-
est connection with one, perhaps a word in behalf
of banks in loyal States will be borne with from
me.
The present troubles, or rather their own patri-
otic action, have broken the banks; for every com-
mercial man in this House knows that the banks
were never stronger than when the Secretary of
the Treasury appealed to them for loans. They
allowed the Government to carry off their specie,
their capital from their vaults, and if that did not
break them, they at all events might have adopted
a policy which would have saved them. But they
had to suspend, and the design of this bill would
seem to be to prevent their resumption of specie
payment At all events it is obviously the policy
m some quarters to preach a crusade against the
present bauks, and array prejudices and votes on
that issue.
There are two questions to determine before
cnteiing upon such a course: first, is it expedient?
Second, is it right? There are in the free States
upwaids of twelve hundred banks, with an ag-
gregate capital of $350,000,000. They have fifteen
thousand directors, and one hundred and eighty
or two hundred thousand stockholders. They
ramify everywhere and connect themselves with
all the capital of the country. In view of these
facts, is it better for the Government to make the
banks its fiscal enemies, or its fiscal friends? If
we have no further use for them, if we have done
with them, if we are above and beyond them, it
is of no importance as to expediency eitherway.
But even then, are we justified now in making
war upon them? The bauks of New York,
Philadelphia, and Boston represent a capital of
$119,000,000, in round numbers. Of that capital
they have loaned to the Government $300,000,000.
Has any other interest in the country put so nearly
its whole capital into the war? I know of none;
and I submit to gentlemen whether, even if the
stock and assets of these banks were not largely
owned by orphans and widows, it would be quite
the thing for us just now to indulge in unprofit-
able hostility to banks?
But, sir, if this scheme is the best thing that
can be devised to sustain the credit of the Gov-
ernment, it is entitled to, and I hope will receive,
every vote here, no matter who it benefits or in-
jures, It seems to be conceded by the advocates
of the measure, that unless the legal tender clause
is retained it would not be wise to pass it; in other
words, that a good objection to that clause would
be fatal to the bill. I propose, therefore, to assign
my reasons briefly for voting against the attempt
by legislation to make paper a legal tender.
The proposition is a new one. No precedent
can be urged in its favor; no suggestion of the ex-
istence of such a power can be found in the legis-
lative history of the country; and I submit to my
colleague, as a lawyer, the proposition that this
amounts to affirmative authority of the highest
kind against it. Had such a power lurked in the
Constitution, as construed by those who ordained
