appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 2d,
3Yt3I'Con ....2d Sess.
Frauds on'the Treasury—Mr. Holman.
Ho. ob Reps.
tlte Qonjfortable little sum of $10,000', and I "find
that ibeonJjn'nqntries made by the Navy Depart-
ment bf the Spanish gentleman who represented
the' company was the ingenuous inquiry as to
Whetherornothe was a loyal citizen. There was
no inquiry mpde as to the vessel or its capacity,
b'fi't, ^hethe^.the seller was a loyal citizen of the
ITwked'^tateS. "Of course he Knew more about
ffirt 'thaii anybody else, and singularly enough,
fSplied that he was loyal, and the contract was
CtfiiSijrnmnted, and the vessel turned over to the
G'oyernment. It turned out,also, that in addition
to ft^t $10,000 paid to Burt, there was §5,000
paid as commission to the Spanish gentleman,
Sii(l $10,000 claimed by somebody else as broker-
age, and paid; matting$25,000 of brokerage'in
this single transaction really paid by the Goverj)-
$Snt. That is one of the transactions. It is a
part and parcel of them all. Considering the con-
dition Of Our commerce, the vast number of vessels
thrown upori the market,find bosingmy judgment
on the testimony alone, I do not iiesitate to say
that the Government has paid enormous prices for
the vessels purchased through George D. Morgan.
But, to the real issue. Admitting the general in-
tegrity of the Secretary of the Navy, 1 put the
case thus: is the Secretary of theNavy justifiable
in employing his own brother-in-law to purchase
vessels to an unlimited extent, and to receive a
commission of two and a half per cent, from the
seller? 1 ask if the tendency of that policy is to
promote public virtue and integrity and secure a
rigid adherence to the best interests of the country
upon the part of our public agents? A public offi-
cer authorized to purchase vessels to the extent of
millionsof dollars, and his commission receivable
from the seller, and the higher the price paid the
larger his commission ! It~is right! Sir, I under-
take to say that language cannot exaggerate the
enortnity of this transaction, and no reason can
foresee the consequences that will follow the sanc-
tion of such a policy in encouraging fraud in our
public officers. What a case does the Secretary
of the Nnvy present! While the citizen soldiers
are imperiling, not simply their fortunes but their
lives, to sustain the honor and integrity of their
eoontfy, to uphold the (lag of the Republic on the
land and the wave, leaving the endearments of
home arid of wife and of children, and meeting all
the deadly perils of war on the battle-field, or the
Woody deck of the man-of-war, for less than $200
per year, with wife and children demanding bread,
the Navy Department, Gideon Welles, its Secre-
tory, places id the hands of a member of his own
household, ofhis own family, commissions to the
en'ormousamountof $95,000for five months'ordi-
nary services, $70,000 of which ho admits.
Mr, Speaker, I aslc if it is right? Is it calcu-
lated to promote economy? I tell the gentleman
from New York that such policy sanctioned by
this House will have the effect of bringing about
•—may, of enlarging—a system of commission and
corrupt brokerages in every branch of the public
service; Even the henda of the subordinate bu-
refra* and the clerics will be justified in receiving
tevferally their corrupt commissions* and plead as
their justification that the Secretary of the Navy
has given it his sanction. Indeed, sir, such has
already been the effect. I tell you, sir, that in no
Govornmenthaa a more terrible blow been struck
at public virtue. It is alarming. Gideon Welles
eoukf not have injured his country mors than by
ihe-inau^uration of a policy by which the Gov-
ernment is to pay commissions in every branch of
Jtasertfcc in the most corrnptinsr form. If George
D. Morgan had received $70,000 directly from the
Treasury in the shape of a salary, 1 do not know
that I would have corn plained ;yes,Iwould have com-
plained, wlule so many of your real nobility, the
flower of the nation, were lying upon their couch
of straw, or dragging on in the weary march or
staining the field of battle with their blood in de-
fense of their country's honor, and the glory of
its flag, with the beggarly pittance of §200 per
annum! But, sir, it would have been infinitely
better, even with the wife and child of the dead
soldier crying in vain for justice, that this nation
should pay George D. Morgan, the brother-in-law
of Gideon Welles, from your Treasury $150,000
per annum, than that this system should be inau-
gurated of plundering the Government through
the sy stem of commissions to be paid by the party
who sells to the Government. The higher the
price paid, the higher the commission! What
virtue shall resis^-this incentive to corruption!
And the eminent merchants, who had reaped its
benefits, certified to the excellence of the system!
Sir, I trust that this House will condcmn this
act, that they will nip this new form of fraud in
the bud, and say to the Secretary of the Navy
that although he may have discharged all his other
duties with fidelity, yet this one act so prostrates
the safeguards of public virtue, holds out and sug-
gests such temptations to dishonesty and fraud,
that it must receive the censure and condemnation
of the American people, as represented in their
House of Representatives. In this extraordinary
act has not Gideon Welles permitted his high trust
to be prostituted to the aggrandizement of his own
family?
I regret that I have consumed so much of the
time of my friend from Massachusetts, but I must
refer to one other subject. Simon Stevens has a
claim against this Government for $51,225 for a
balance due upon five thousand carbines purchased
through him byGeneral Fremont. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] insists that the
purchase was made/rom Simon Stevens. It makes
no difference, so far as the merits of this transac-
tion are concerned, whether Fremont purchased
from or through Simon Stevens. I care not one
cent whether he did or not. I place my objection
to the transaction upon broader grounds than the
mere quibble whether Stevens was a mere broker,
through which the business was done, or whether
he was acting as the authorized agent of General
Prfmont.
Now, sir, Simon Stevens does say, as his illus-
trious relative, or rather friend, I should say—
one gentleman suggests that tutor is the proper
expression; yes, sir, tutor, for they have appar-
ently studied politics in the same school—Simon
Stevens does assert, as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has said, that he was not an aid-de-camp
of Fremont until the 18th of August. The testi-
mony is not ex parte, because Simon Stevens is
the main witness, as was Alexander Cummings
and George D. Morgan in their transactions, and
so in each instance, with the single exception of
John C. Frfemont, the party complaining of the
ex parte and unfair proceedings of the committee
has himself been the main witness.
Simon Stevens, as I understand him, says that
he became the aid of General Fremont on the 18th
day of August. Those who have examined his
testimony say that he shows that a clerk of Gen-
enil Fremont, before this, had requested Stevens
to consider himself an aid-de-camp of the general,
as Stevens was paraded out of Fremont's head-
quarters through men with their swords drawn—
and very properly, I presume. It is known that
some things were done somewhat formally, and
other things very informally, at St. Louis. Ste-
vens, however, does not receive his commission.
He goes to New York, and you find him seeking
an intimate intercourse with Major Hagner, the
ordnance officer at New York, just as honest a
man as there is in the public service. He wants
information from Major Hagner in regard to the
purchase of arms. He now denies, it is true, that
lie was there as the agent of General Fremont,
and uses the name of J. Pierpont Morgan, a New
York broker, to cover the transaction. Now, give
Stevens the benefit of all he claims, and 1 ask your
attention to this testimony in relation to the trans-
action. { speak from the record. It is before me.
Morris Ketchum, another New York broker, the
most honest broker I have met with, who ad-
vanced to Simon Stevens $46,000 on these very
arms, with the prospect of a handsome brokerage,
says that he made the advance on the authority of
a telegram from Fremont to Stevens, in answer to
one from Stevens, in which Fremont says," Pur-
chase and forward immediately." That sounds
very much like an agency, " purchase and for-
ward; ' or is the statement of John C. Fremont,
as published in the newspapers, thathe purchased
these arms from and not through, Simon Stevens,
sufficient to overcome the sworn testimony of a
man who has $46,000 at stake ?
Again: Major Hagner says of Simon Stevens,
this pupil ot the leader of the House:
" On firsi introdiicing himself to me he stated that lie was
an agent ot General Frtmont.
i{ Question. When was that?
«Jinsiver. I should judge it was in July some time.
« Question. Subsequent to that, and for how long a time,
did he represent himself as acting in that capacity ?
"Answer. The last time I saw him, prior to this, at Mar-
ston's,he called atmy hotel. He then told me he had been
appointed upon General Fremont's staff, and was to receive
an appointment; andhesboweefme a letter in which Gen-
eral Fr&mont addressed him as 4 Major Stevens. 
" Question. As early as JQly he had represented himself
as acting as agent for Fremont?
" Answer-. Yes, sir. Ho stated, in the first place, that It
was an unfixed kind of a thing. It was a remarkable state
of circumstances, so far as ordinary military arrangements
go, and I so stated to him. When he firstspoke to me upon
the subject lie said he was buying things tor Genera! Fre-
mont, and when he had closed what he wanted to say I said
to him, 'this is all very irregular; if you are the authot-
ized agent of Ficmont, I should have some assurance of it.
I have no objection to giving you information as a private
individual, but I can have uoofficia) intercourse unless you
&how me your credentials.> But lie never showed me his
credentials.
« Question. Did he state the character of his credentials?
« Answer. He stated that he was to be on General Fre-
mont'fe'staff. That was in July-"
It will be borne in mind that it was on the 6th
day of August these arms were sold to Fremont.
Now, sir, 1 wish to cull the attention of the House
to another fact. Captain Collander says, speak-
ing of the delay of these arms at St. Louis:
" Question. What interest did Stevens seem to have in
the transaction?
"Jimwer. I can hardly tell. I understood he was a mem-
ber of General Fremont's staff, and. that he wat> making pur-
chases hy the general's order."
The record before me is full of evidence that
Simon Stevens, the protege of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, was the agent
of John C. Fremont in making this extraordinary
purchase. If he was, shall he grab from your
Treasury $51,225 without consideration. Cut, sir,
we place this transaction upon infinitely higher
grounds. We say that the case stands thus: these
arms had been manufactured by the Government,
and had been condemned and sold by the Govern-
ment as unfit for the service. General Ripley,
who spoke from the record, says:
"The Hall's arms had been tried in service and been re-
potted unfit tor use as a military weapon, and none of these
aims were issuable to troops. Many had been previously
condemned and sold at auction, bringing from six dollars
(the higher price lor a small lot) to seventy-two cents, and
not aveiagmg at auction more than two dollars. The con-
demnation lor use in seivice was on account of the princi-
ple ot the aim, and applied to new as much as to damaged
arms, fn September last a special estimate was received
at the Ordnance office for funds to pay for arms purchased
by General Fremont or his agents. Among the purchases,
as shown by the vouchers accompanying that estimate,
were Hall's carbines, (number not remembered, but quite
considerable.) at $22 50 each. Whether they were the same
arm-1 that Eastman bought oi not is not known at this office.
The Ouluanee office declined to send the funds estimated
for, and submitted the estimate to the Secretary of War, giv-
ing its reasons therefor, th.it the purchases were not made
as required by law, third beclion of the act of Fcbruaiy b,
1815; that the prices for some .if the articles purchased
(specifying, among others, the Hall's caibines—an arm re-
jected, alter trial, fioin the United States service—at .$22 50)
were very high j and that there was no evidence that the
arms purchased had undergone inspection by a United
States officer, or any inspection at all."
Even this particular lot of the Hall carbine was
sold to Arthur M. Eastman by order of the Secre-
tary of War, for $3 50 each, and Simon Stevens,
" the broker" of Fremont, buys them for $32 50
each, and turns them over to Fremont instantly
for twenty-two dollars each, and gets a draft on
the Treasury for §51,226, seeking a brokerage of
$51,226 from the Government he was serving,
is this sum of $51,226 of brokerage we are at-
tempting to intercept, and which has called down
upon our heads such fierce denunciation from the
apologists of these plunderers. It is a clear case
of brokerage, unfortunately so common as to re-
ceive the approval of men in high positions. The
arm sold is worthless, except where any arm is
in demand. The Government, through the War
Department, selis it for $3 50 irt the midst of the
war. Simon Stevens, the adventurer, the pupil of
the leader of the House, thrusts himself in be-
tween the owner of the aim and the Government,
rebuys for $12 50 and sells to Fremont for twenty-
two dollars—a difference of $51,226. Shall he con-
summate his scheme of plunder?
One other word. I heard the other day some-
thing said from the other side of the House about
the poor children of the African mother who suf-
fer in our midst,and it was said in such plaintive
tones that it touched my heart. But it is very re-
markable, when the wives and children of those
