THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
the Unite if Slates fox- some six months without
being armed, they were taken within four miles
orYorktown' wlien the enemy was there, and de-
clined to proceed further unless they had some
offejisive or defensive weapons with which they
could defend themselves. Two are there for as-
sault ani) battery; one for absence from camp;
pne for forgery; one for sleeping on his post; one
for violating the seventh article of war, which 'is
fdrs'tandingmute when called upon to answer be-
fore acourt-martial; one for disrespectful language
td his sergeant; two for unknown causes, and
threefor larceny.
It will be observed that out of ninety-six, there
are only four who have been sent there for of-
fenses which are considered offenses in civil life,
three for larceny and one for forgery, and each of
these cases of larceny was a very trivial offense,
6he for taking a shirt, another for taking a piece
of a ham, and the other an offense of a not much
higher grade than that, for which, probably, no
jury in the country would have found any of the
defendantsguilty. EutI do notdesire,and I think
the Senate ought not to adopt an amendment that
will reach so far as the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Minnesota. There may be cases
where a soldier commits murder; it may be de-
cided by the court to be manslaughter; he ought
to be confined somewhere. Where shall he be
confined ? The law says that he shall be confined;
the articles of war made in pursuance of the law of
Congress say he shall be confined; where can they
send him? It seems to me that the penitentiary
is the proper place; and in those cases where they
have a fair trial, where there is an opportunity
for an appeal, where there is an opportunity for
a thorough revision of the finding of the court upon
the evidence submitted, I do not know any reason
why they should not be confined in the peniten-
tiary as well as in any other placc; but I do hope
that the purpose of the Senator from Massachu-
setts and the Senator from Minnesota may be ac-
complished so as to release persons who liuve been
sent there for these trivial offenses.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, 1 am very anx-
ious that this resolution shall pass. I have just
returned from a visit to the penitentiary, find-
ing there some of my most respectable constitu-
ents, sent there, as the Senator from Iowa lias
said, for trivial offenses. My special object in
going there was to visit a gentleman who is a
resident of the village of West Troy, a town
having a population of twelve or fifteen thousand
inhabitants, I suppose; who was president of
that village last year; a man of sufficient respecta-
bility to occupy a seat in this body. He raised
a company when this war broke out,and became
the captain of the company; he made an arrange-
ment with the colonel of a regiment, which was
chiefly raised in the interior of the State, that he
should enter that regiment, and, as he says, there
was an understanding between him and the col-
onel that he should occupy the right of the regi-
ment. The colonel, however, resigned, left the
regiment, and he had no evidence of any such
understanding. He was ordered by General
Gorman to occupy some other place, which he
regarded as a violation of his agreement on the
understanding he had with the colonel; and for
that ho was ordered to be tried by a court-martial.
He was cashieied, and some other indignities per-
petrated upon him, and he was sentenced to a
year's imprisonment in the penitentiary; and
there I find this respectablegentleman with felons.
Sir, it is time this was stopped. I learn from
the warden of the penitentiary this morning that
there are ninety-six such there. It is no place for
our American citizens, who have turned out for
the defense of their country, and to put down re-
bellion. I hope the resolution will be passed,
and passed promptly
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
doubt, Mr. President, that courts-martial have the
power to order men into confinement. The rules
and articles of war are plain on that subject; but
those rules and articles of war require that those
persons shall be punished according to military
rule. If a soldier commits an offense, if he com-
mits a murder, he may be turned over to the civil
authorities, and he may be tried and sent to the
penitentiary as a convict. I have no doubt on that
point; but 1 do not believe that a court-ifiartial has
the power to convict a soldier and then turn him
over to the civil authorities to put him in the peni-
tentiary and keep him there as a common convict
under the rules and regulations of the prison.
There is, in nvy judgment, nothing in the rules
and articles of war that gives such authority.
The Senator from Iowa has here a list of persons
confined in the penitentiary, hardly one of them
confined for any moral offense, hardly one of them
confined for anything that a jury would have
sent them there for a day. Men are there for the
slightest offenses. I understand that there is a
clergyman there from the State of New York, con-
fined. for no offense that ought to be punished by
any such sentence; and he has a son also in the
Army. There is a man there from my State be-
longing to a company formed in the State that
joined the Mozart regiment of New York. We
have in that regiment three or four companies from
my State. When the men found that they could
not obtain the bounty given by the laws of the
State to their families, of course they were restive.
I was sent on one occasion by General McClelian
to visit that regiment and see if an arrangement
could not be made, and it was finally arranged
that the Governor of the State should lecommend
to the Legislature to pass a special Jaw covering
their case, and I think they have had quiet and
good order in that regiment since; but during the
pendency of that question there was a good deal
of feeling in those companies among the men, and
one of the men under those influences committed
a slight offense, and he was sent to the peniten-
tiary for three years, degraded to a convict's cell,
and to lose his wages, and then to be ignomini-
ously dismissed from the service. I say such pun-
ishments are inhuman and unchristian; they are
not necessary to maintain discipline in the Army;
and I hope the Senate will sustain this amend-
ment, and that these soldiers will be discharged.
I understand that they are desirous of continuing
in the service of the country. 1 believe most of
them to be men who will serve the country faith-
fully in the future. Whatever may be the decision
of Supreme Courts or the opinions of Attorneys
General, I trust that the Congress of the United
States will do its duty, and make a law, and that
that law will beadheied to. We have the power, I
take it, to change the laws at any rate.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I desire to say simply
that I concur in the remarks made by Senators
who have preceded me. My attention was called
to this matter by the Secretary of the Interior,
and I was astonished at the statement of facts he
made. 1 look upon the condition of things under
which young men, lads, boys who went to war
to take the chances of life, have been by a court-
martial'a sentence sent to a penitentiary and had
imposed upon them ignominious punishment, and
been made, in the technicallanguage of law, " in-
famous," as one of the greatest wrongs of the
times. I am glad to see the measure moved here,
and I hope it will be successful.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota by adding
to it the following:
Except for crimes th.it would subject them to confine-
ment in the penitentiary if tried by a court ol common-law
jurisdiction.
Mr. WILKINSON. Strike out "crimes,"
and say " felonies," and I will agree to it.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well. I want to say to
the Senate that there arc a great many cc&es where
it would be impossible for a person who is really
criminal to bo confined unless you place him in
the penitentiary. Suppose a soldier of the United
States committed the crime of murder, or any
other felony, in the Indian territory; suppose he
was found guilty of manslaughter: where should
he be confincd ? There are men now sent here to
the penitentiary from Kansas and from the Indian
territory. Suppose a sailor commits a criminal
offense on board one of your ships of war: I
think it would be proper to confine him in the
penitentiary. If he should be guilty of a felony
in your army on the Potomac, I do not know
where else you could confine him. But I want to
accomplish the very purpose the Senator from
Minnesota has in view.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
proposed by the Senator from Iowa is not in
order, but the Senator from Minnesota can accept
it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I accept it.
Mr. HARRIS. I think the Senator from Iowa,
if he will reflect a little, will not insist on that I
amendment. If a soldier has committed a crime
against the civil law of the country, if he is guilty
of murder or burglary, let him be turned over to
the civil law and the civilauthorities fortrial and
punishment. I am not in favor of allowing him
to be tried by court-martial for murder. I do not
think it is a proper thing.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose he committed the
offense in one of the Territories, or on board a
ship of war.
Mr. Harris. i am not in favor of allowing
a court-martial to sentence a man for felony. I
do not believe it is wise to provide for that. As
a further reason why this resolution should be
passed, i will state the fact that i have sought in
the case which i have mentioned to a pardon
'for the man. The President, on the mere state-
ment of the case, said, " i will pardon the man in
a moment." He would not hesitate to give a
pardon; but when i go to find the record, there is
none. The President said, " bring me the record
of his conviction, and i will give you a pardon
instantly." i go to the Adjutant General, and he
says "no return has been' made;" and i do not
suppose there is one case in twenty where soldiers
are imprisoned in the penitentiary that you can
find in the Adjutant General's office any record of
theconviction, and, of course, there is nothing on
which the President can grant a pardon.
Mr. WADE. May they not be released on
habeas carpus ?
Mr. HARRIS. I am not sure they may not
be. All there is to authorize the warden to de-
tain them there is a commitment made out by a
president of a court-martial.
Mr. GRIMES. Some have not even got that.
Mr. HARRIS. Isuppose they have not. Again,
as to the law under which they are sentenced there,
the Senator from California has stated the matter
about as it is. I have applied to the Secretary of
the Interior, and he has informed me that in his
judgment, upon a very careful examination, there
is no law authorizing a court-martial to sentence
to the penitentiary, and the penitentiary being
under his supervision, he informs me that he has
given the warden instructions to receive no more
soldiers sentenced there by a court-martial. The
matter ha3, however, been referred by the War
Department to the Attorney General, and he has
given an opinion that it is competent for a court-
martial to sentence to the penitentiary; but the Sec-
retary of the Interior being dissatisfied with the
opinion, has submitted to the Attorney General a
brief on that subject, and the Attorney General is
now engaged in reexamining the question. It is
very doubtful, to say the least, whether there is
any legal authority in a court-martial to sentence
to the penitentiary; but whether there is author-
ity or not, it is certainly wrong; it is a great ill-
justice to our patriot soldiers that for any trivial
offense, such as disobedience of orders, or what is
supposed to be such, they should, by sentence of
a court-martial, before which, as has been well
said by the Senator from Iowa, the parties accused
had no opportunity to defend themselves or prove
their defense, be consigned to an ignominious pun-
ishment, and incarcerated with felons.
Mr. HALE. I hope that, out of respect to
common decency, no one will ever suggest the
habeas corpus as a remedy for any illegal imprison-
ment in this District,until we geta decent admin-
istration of law here and a judiciary to administer
it. I have not the least confidence in the admin-
istration of justice in the courts of this District,
from the supreme court down to the justice of the
peace. Again: I object entirely to courts-martial
trying men for aggravated offenses, such as mur-
der. They have not only given such sentences
as have been spoken of here, but I remember, and
as long as I live I shall never forget it, the most
atrocious murder that stains the annals of modern
civilization was brought before a court-martini m
this country, and its whole energy was put forth
not to punish, but to shield the murderer, and it
succeeded. I allude to the case where Mackenzie
hung the midshipmen; and the Federal judiciary
in the district of New York was wholly prostrated
before that naval court-martial summoned to shield
those murderers. It trampled upon the law and
upon the courts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate, but I wish to say simply that I entirely concur
with the remarks that gentlemen have made in
reference to the necessity of interference in this
