1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
PKINTING EXPENSES OF THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported hack a res-
olution to reimburse the Patent Office for prin ting
expenses; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill to grant
invalid and half-pay pensions in certain cases.
Mr. Speaker, it will be seen that, by the recent
decision of the Attorney General, our pension
system is defective, and that injustice is done not
only to soldiers but to the widows and children
of those who die in the service. The bill I intro-
duce was prepared under the advisement of the
Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Pensions, and is intended to obviate the diffi-
culties and" doubts of the present law, and I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Invalid
> Pensions, with a view of having it considered at
an early day. I hope there will be no objection.
There was no objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. WASHBURNE. At what period is it pro-
posed to report this bill?
Mr. FENTON. The committee are to have a
meeting to-morrow morning, with a view to the
consideration of the hill, and they will report it
back at the earliest day.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the House will
give the committee leave to report at any time. It
is ccrtainly due to the country that the bill should
be passed speedily.
No objection being made, unanimous consent
was given to the committee to report at any time.
F. F. LOWE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed by the Committee of Elections,
to whom was referred the memorial of F. F. Lowe,
praying to be admitted to a seat m this House as
a Representative from the State of California, to
make a report,accompanied by aresolution, which
I ask maybe laid on the table and printed. I also
ask that the minority of the committee may have
leave to present their views in writing, and that
they may be printed.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That ['. F. J.owe is not entitled 10 a seat In
this Mnn.so as a llepresmtativo fiom the Htate of California
in the Thirty-Hcveiith Congress.
The report was laid on the table, ordered to be
printed, and permission was given to the minor-
ity of the committee to leport, and have their re-
port printed.
J. STERLING MORTON.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the same
committee to make a report upon the memorial of
J. Sterling Morton, claiming the right lo occupy
a seat in this House as Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Nebraska. Accompanying tile report are
two resolutions, which 1 ask may be laid on the
table, and nnnted. I also make a request similar
to that in the last case, in reference to the minor-
ity of the committee.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Revolved, That J. Sterling Morton is not entitled to a .scar,
in this IIousi; as Delegate from the Teiritoiy ot Nebraska ill
the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Resolved, That Samuel G. Daily is entitled to a seat m
this llnn.se as Delegate from tiie Territory ol' Nebraska in
the Thirty-ycventh Congie^s.
The report was laid on the tabic, ordered to be
printed, and leave was gianted to the minority of
the committee to make a minority report, and
have it printed.
JOSEPH SEOAR.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to which was referred the credentials of Joseph
Sogar, claiming a seat in this House as a Repre-
sentative from the first district from Virginia, have
directed me to make a report asking to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate hill No. 102, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled an 'Act to divide the State
of Illinois into two judicial districts,' " approved
February 13, 1855, m order to put it upon its pas-
sage. With the permission of the House, I will
make a short statement of what the bill is.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My colleague, [Mr.
Kellogg,] who belongs to the Committee on the
Judiciary, is not present, and as it is a matter in
which I presume he feels some interest, I suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
whether it would not be fair to let the bill be re-
ferred" to the. Judiciary Committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman will
permit me to make a statement, be will see that
my colleague, to whom he has referred, will have
no objection to it. The bill simply transfers the
counties of McDonnough and Hancock, upon the
application of all the attorneys of those two coun-
ties, from the northern to the southern judicial
district of that State. It is the wish of the entire
population, as I understand it, that these two coun-
ties, which are in my district, should be so changed.
That is all-there is of the bill, except mere detail
as to the matter of changing the cases from the
northern circuit to the southern circuit.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it would be better, as
my colleague [Mr. Washburne] suggests, to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would prefer, if it
would make no difference to my colleague, that
the bill should be referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I do notniyself perceive the reason for the
contemplated change. Chicago, where the circuit
courts for the northern district are held, is quite
as convenient of access as Springfield, where the
courts for the southern district arc held.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In that my colleague is
mistaken. It is on that very account of incon-
venience that the change is desired. What dispo-
sition maybe made of it, however, is immaterial.
If gentlemen prefer that it should go to the Judi-
ciary Committee, I do not care. There is no rea-
son, however, why it should go there; and I hope
gentlemen will allow it to be put upon its passage.
Objection being made to the consideration of the
bill, it was taken up and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
CADETS AT MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. ALLEN, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported back
House bill No. 140, to regulate tile admission of
cadets to the Military Academy at West Point;
which was ordered to be printed, and recommitted
to the Committee on Military Afiairs.
EXTINGUISHMENT OF SLAVERY.
Mr. KELLEY. I have befoie me a memorial
from fifteen thousand women of eleven free and
one slave State, asking Congress, by all means in
its power, to extinguish slavery. I ask leave to
present it.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The petition can be filed
under the rules.
JOHN GOLDING.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report back from the
Committee on Patents a bill (H. R. No. 329) for
the tolieT of John Golding.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to renew and extend, for the
term of seven years, letters patent, heretofore
granted to John Golding, for his improvements
in machinery for the manufacture of woolen and
other fabrics, if he shall deem the said Golding
justly entitled theicto.
Mr. WASHBURNE objected.
Mr. HICKAIAN. I ask unanimous consent
to report back a bill from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, in order that it maybe referred to the proper
committee.
Mr. WALTON, ofVermont, called for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call uf committees for reports
only—no report to be brought back by a motion
to reconsider—commencing with the Committee
of Elections.
The committees were called.
MARTIN F. CONWAY.
Mr. MENZIES,from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported a bill to pay to Martin F. Conway
the sum of $4,023 CO, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, as addi-
tional compensation and mileage to him as Repre-
sentative in the Thirty-Sixth Congress from the
State of Kansas; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
DISPUTED TITLES.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back a bill to provide
for the quieting of certain claims in the disputed
territory in the State of Maine, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
FRANCIS IIUTTMANN.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the same
committee, also reported back a bill (S. No. 251)
for the relief of Francis Hiittmann, with a recom-
mendation that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
It was referred accordingly.
C. RADCLIFFE AND OTHERS.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports on the several petitions of
C. Radcliffe, W. Roddy, and James Jackson;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
J. J. LINTS.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2) for the relief
of J. J. Lints; wnich was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
WAR DEBT OF WASHINGTON AND OREGON.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed, a joint resolution
(S. No. 2) prescribing the mode of paying the
awards authorized by the act of March 2, 1861,
for settling the Washington and Oregon war debt;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, with a recommendation that it be indefi-
nitely postponed.
MARBLE N. TAYLOR.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made ail adverse report upon the peti-
tion of Marble N. Taylor; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. HICKMAN, the Judiciary
Committee were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the following resolutions, and the
same were laid on the table:
A resolution directing the Judiciary Committee
to inquire into the propriety of investing United
States commissioners with the power of issuing
writs of habeas corpus, and to hold persons to bail
for good behavior;
A resolution directing the Judiciary Committee
to inquire into the propriety of legalizing all con-
summated I itigation under the miners 'and people's
court of Colorado;
A lesolution directing the committee to inquire
into the expediency of increasing the salaries of
the Federal officers in Colorado; and
A resolution directing the committee to inquire
into the expediency of reporting a bill authorizing
the district judge of Virginia to hold a term of the
court at Parkersburg, Virginia.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN WESTERN VIRGINIA.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an adverse report upon the bill
(H. R. No. 376) to regulate the time of holding
the district courts for the western district of Vir-
ginia; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
INVALID PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. HICKMAN, the Committee
on the Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of a resolution of inquiry as to the
expediency of providing by law for invalid pen-
sions applicable to the officers and soldiers of the
presentwar; and it was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
MARY A. BERACLT.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of Mary A. Berault, administratrix of the
estate of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton, deceased;
which was read a fust and second time, recom-
