1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2617
matter. I consider it a very greatabuse, and even
if some evil consequences follow from letting some
men out who ought to be incarcerated, I want to
stop the practice of these courts-martial trying men
for offenses of this description, ex parte, in many
cases giving them no hearing, as I am credibly
informed and believe, and .sentencing them for
years for the most trivial acts, as appears so far
as there is any record, in many cases, disgracing
them as they do. It is perfectly unjustifiable ana
an outrage on all decency. I hope that this pro-
vision will be passed without delay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendmentof the Senator from Minnesota to
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to add:
And that hereafter 110 soldier or sailor in the Army or
Navy of the United states shall be confined or held m the
said penitentiary under and by virtue of any judgment or
sentence of a court-martial, except for crimes that would
subject them to confinement in the penitentiary it'tried by
a court 01' common law jurisdiction.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I submit that if the crime
be such as is described in the amendment, they
are subject to the local jurisdictions, and can be
tried, and the latter part of the amendment should
be stricken off.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will accept that.
Mr. HOWARD. Thequestion, I suppose, is
on the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment which has been read
and making it part of the original amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should agree to the
amendment if the last clause were stricken off, and
I suggest to the mover to so modify it.
The VICE PPiESIDENT. Docs the Senator
so modify Ins motion?
Mr. WILKINSON. That was not part of the
amendment as I offered it. It was offered as an
amendment to my proposition by the Senator from
Iowa, and a vole has been taken upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa modify it?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; for I think it is neces-
sary. Thispowershouldexistsomewherein some
particular cases. There are none in the peniten-
tiary now for any offense that is really a genuine
offense at common law except four persons; but
in future there may be cases where persons ought
to be confined in the penitentiary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the proposition
of the Senator from Minnesota adopted by the
Senator from Iowa as part of his own?
Mr. GRIMES. It is right the other way. I
offered it as an amendment to the proposition of
the Senator from Minnesota.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is not in
order, being an amendment in the third degree,
unless adopted by the mover of the original amend-
ment.
Mr. WADE. I hope none of these amendments
will beadopted. Ifyou make exceptions and limit-
ations you will embarrass the tiling, and there
will still be improper cases in the penitentiary.
The best way is to cut it up by the roots. The
practice of imprisoning our soldiers in the peni-
tentiary is a new one, and I hope this joint reso-
lution forbidding it will be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question as it
stands before the Senate will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Wil-
son, of Massachusetts, to add as a new section:
Jlnd he it farther resolved That the soldiers and volun-
teers confined 111 the penitentiary in theDistnct of Colum-
bia under sentences imposed by military courts-martial be
forthwith discharged, and that imprisonment in said peni-
tentiary under sentences imposed by courts-martial %hali
not heieat'ter be allowed.
And also the amendment of Mr. Wilkinson,
to add at the end of the amendment:
And that hereafter no soldier or sailor in the Army or
Navy of the United States shall be confined or held 111 the
said penitentiary under and by virtue ot any judgment or
sentence by a eouit-martial.
Mr. WILKINSON. There appears to be a
misunderstanding on this subject. That propo-
sition of mine was offered as a substitute for the
original amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts. That original amendment was
offered on Friday, and the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] raised some objections
^ that, it was Derhaos improper to declare that
to it, that it was perhaps improper
these persons should be discharge*. * ^
that difficulty, I drew up the amendment which I
offered to-tiny.
Mr. HALE. I have altered my opinion about
it, and I hope the Senator from Minnesota will
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. If it is in order, I will
withdraw my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order, and
the amendment is withdrawn. The question now
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the words «* from
the penitentiary" ought to be inserted after the
word " discharged "in that amendment; otherwise
the effect may be to discharge a person entirely.
That is not what we intend. We simply intend
that the penitentiary shall not be used for this
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
submit that amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If it is in
order I move to take up House bill No. 72.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In pursuance of
previous orders, one o'clock having now arrived,
tiie Senate will resolve itself into a court of im-
peachment for the purpose of trying the case of
WestH. Humphreys. The names of those Sen-
ators who were absent on a previous day when
the Senate was resolved into a court of impeach-
ment, will be called,and such as are now present
will come forward and the necessary oath of
office will be administered.
The Secretary called the names of Mr. Bayard,
Mr. Hai.e, Mr. Rice, Mr. Stark, and Mr.
Thomson.
Mr. Hale, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Stark ap-
peared and were sworn by the uplifted hand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary of
the Senate will now notify the House of Repre-
sentatives that the Senate has resolved itself into a
court of impeachment, and is ready to proceed
in the ease of West H. Humphreys. Senators
will be seated upon the right and left of the Chair,
leaving the seats upon the floor of the Senate for
the House of Representatives.
The Senators took seats on the platform pre-
pared for that purpose on the right and left of the
Vice President.
The House of Representatives having resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole House, Hon.
E. B. Washburne, of Illinois, its chairman, pro-
ceeded to the Senate Chamber, and were an-
nounced at the bar. Although the House was in
the exercise of its highest judicial powers, the
form in which it appears on such occasions dis-
places its high functionary, the Speaker, its Ser-
geant-at-Arms, and the emblem of its authority—
the mace.
The Chairman, supported by Emerson Ether-
idge, Esq., the Clerk, and Ira Goodnow, Esq.,
the Doorkeeper, were conducted to seats in the
center aisle, in front of the Vice President; the
managers on the part of the House of Represent-
atives, Messrs. Bingham, Pen-dleton, Dunlap,
and Train, took the seats which they previously
occupied in the right section of the central area;
that on the left, with similar accommodations, was
provided for the judge impeached and his coun-
sel, if they should appear. The members of the
House occupied the body of the Senate Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Ai ms will make proclamation opening the court.
The Sergean-t-at-Arms. Oyez! oyez! oyez!
All persons are commanded to keep silence, on
pain of imprisonment, while the Senate of the Uni-
ted States is sitting as a court of impeachment on
the case of West H. Humphreys, judge of the
district court of the United States for the several
districts of Tennessee.
The Sergeant-at-Arms handed his return to the
Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The return of the
officer will be lead by the Secretary.
The Secretary read, as follows: ^
United States of America, City of Washington, ss :
I George T. JBiown, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate ot
the'Umted States, in obedience to the within and foregoing
writ of summons and precept to me directed, did proceed
to the usual place of residence of the within-named West
H. Humphreys, in the vicinity of Nashville, in the State of
Tennessee, on the 29th day of May, A. D. 1862, and then
and there made diligent inquiry for tne said West. fl. Hum-
phreys, but he could not be found. X further certify, ibut
on the same day and year, and at the usual place of resi-
dence of the said West H. Humphreys, In the vicinity of
Nashville, in the State of Tennessee, I aid then and there
leave true and attested copies of the within and foregoing
writ of summons and precept.
GEORGE T. BROWN.
Sergcant-al-Jirms of the Senate.
JONE 9, 1852.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
administertheoath to the Sergeant-at-Arms touch-
ing the truth of his return.
The Secretary administered the oath to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, as follows: 1, George T. Brown,
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate of the United
States, do solemnly swear that the return made
and subscribed by me upon the process issued on
the 22d day of May last, by the Senate of the
United States against WestH. Humphreys, judge
of the district court of the United Slates for the
several districts of Tennessee, is truly made, and
that I have performed said services as therein
described. So help meG-od.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms wiil make proclamation for the appearance
of WestH. Humphreys.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Oyez! Oyez! Oyez!
West H. Humphreys, judge of the district
court of the United States for the several districts
of Tennessee, come forward and answer the-arti-
cles of impeachment exhibited against you by the
House of Representatives of the United States.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM, (after a pause.) On
behalf of the managers of the House of Repre-
sentatives, I move the continuance of this cause
until the 26th day of June, 1862, in order to obtain
the attendance of witnesses necessary to the pro-
secution of the impeachment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators, the fol-
lowing motion is submitted for the decision of the
court: On behalf of the managers of the House
of Representatives, Mr. Bingham moves that
further proceedings in the impeachment of West
H. Humphreys, be postponed until Thursday,
the 26th day of June, 1862.
Mr. HALE. Do the managers submit any
reasons or show any efforts they have made to
obtain witnesses. If they do not, for one, I shall
vote against the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 4; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Dnolittle, Fessenden, Poor, Foster,
Grimes, llndan, Hums, Howe, Kennedy, King, Latham,
McDoucall, Morrill, Pomcroy, Powell, Uiee, risiuUbury,
Simmoug, Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wiiiey, Wilinot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wright—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Collamer, Ilale, Howard, and Lane of
Indiana—4.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this ques'
tion the yeas arc 35, and the nays 4. So the mo-
tion is agreed to; and of such other proceedings
as the Senate may take, the House of Represent-
atives will be duly notified.
The House of Representatives thereupon re-
tired.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that an order be en-
tered, which shall be published in the three news-
papers published in this city, and in what news-
papers may be published in the city of Nashville,
that this court stands adjourned until the 26th of
June instant, with notice, byway of piociama-
tion, to West H. Humphicys to appear here at
that time, he having made default of appearancc
at the present time, m order that he maybe heard
to answ er the articles of impeachment filed against
him hy the House of Representatives.
The motion having been reduced to writing, as
required by the rules of the court, as follows:
Ordered, That this hish court of impeachment stand ad-
journed till the 26th day of June next, at twelve o'clock,
meiidian; and a& the s>.nd West H. Humphreys has Sailed
to make itts appearance to answer the said articles of im-
peachment thougli duly summoned, it is further ordered
that ptoclamation lor Ins appearance on that day be made
by publishing this order in the National Intelligence, Na-
tional Republican, and Evening Star, newspapers punted
in the city of Washington, for at least ten dayssucces.sively,
before -said 26th day of June instant, and also in the Nash-
ville Union, a newspaper published in the city of Nashville,
State of Tennessee, on at least five several days before said
26tU day of J une instant.
