1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1657
mitted to the committee, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report on the petition of
Paulding, Williams, and Van Wart; which wag
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VAN HORN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of George M. Sperry; which was laid
upon the table and ordered to be printed.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, the
Committee- on Foreign Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of three petitions of
citizens of northern New York and Michigan,
praying for the adoption of measures to secure the
speedy abrogation of the reciprocity treaty with
Great Britain; and the same were laid upon the
table.
ALEXANDRIA CANAL COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. DELANO, the Committee for
the District of Columbia was dischaiged from the
further consideration of the petition of the Alex-
andra. Canal Company of Virginia, and it was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regu-
lar order of business, to call the States and Ter-
ritories for resolutions, beginning where the call
was last left off on Monday last, with the State
of Indiana.
DEPREDATIONS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. PRICE submitted the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Whereas it lias been represented that the United Stares
military lorces from the State of Kansas have, at divers
times during the last lour months, entered the comities of
Jackson, Cass, Bates, and Johnson, in the State of Mis-
souri, and, without just cau^e or military necessity, seized,
took, and canted away slave*., horses,"imilos, and othei
pioperty of the value of hundiods of thousands of doll,us
belonging to quiet and peaceful cfiz^ns, and that said
toiees 111 like mannei with tire did de-uov many dwellings
and farm houses in said counties Therefore,
Rcsol>'e.\ That the tfecrmuy of Win, if not inooiw-.tent
with the public mtoiests will repoi t to this llou-e any offi-
cial information lit1 may have or can obtain iiom tho" mili-
tary depai tments of' Kansa-s and Mismjuu, 01 either of them,
touching the above matter; and he will particulaiiy state
the number of slaves, hoi-es, mules, and other property thus
taken or houses destioyed in eithei of those counties, to-
gerhei with the kind, value, and the name of the ovvneis
trom whom taken, and the eause or causes assigned there-
for ; and he will also report whether all or any of the piop-
ciiy fhu> taken has been accounted toroi confiscated ; and
it accounted lot 01 confiscated, state where and when did
the trial of confiscation take place, and to whom vvassuch
account rendeied ; he will state under who>e oidcis did a
militaiy foiec fiom Kansas cntei the counties of Jackson
and Ca-s-., and the other counties named ; Joi what pmpove
did they yo or remain there at any time in the months ot
October, Novembet, December, Jahuaiy, and February, and
wiiil.* said torce remained in either ot said eountics, what
sum of money has been cliaiged 01 allowed foi then sub-
sistence.
The previous question was seconded.
Upon ordering the main question, there were—
ayes 30, noes 48; no quorum voting.
Mi. l^ENTON. That l ^solution appears to be
very broad in its terms. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING moved to lay the res-
olution upon the table.
Mr. PRICE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and. it was decided in
the negative—yeas 20, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Mesfis. Ashley, Baker, Baxter. Beaman, 13mg- :
ltam. Samuel S. Dlair, Make, Cbamberlm, Frederick A.
Coukhny, Jloscoe Conkltmr, Hickman, Julian, Francis YV.
KHlo L(.~Lo\ejoy, Pike. John II. Rice, Sloan, Tiowbiidge
Albeit S. White, and .Wilfon—20.
NAYS—Aldnch, Mien. Alley. Ancona, Arnold,
Jo-cph Bail}, Fiancisi'. Blair, William G. Blown, liulfin-
ton, Calvci't, Campbell, Clement?, Colfax, Cox, Cnfte.n-
den, Davve-i, Delano, Dclaplame, Diven, Ducll, Dunlnp,
Dunn, EdwauH, Bhot. Fenton, Fe-sendtn, Fianehot,
Fiank, Granger, Gndei, Hah1, Hall, Haidim:. Hainson,
Jiolman, Hooper, Ilutchin-, Jolm-on, Killmger. Kn.ipp,
J.aii-mg, Lazcur, Lonrv, Lehman. l^oomis, Mclvni!?iit,
iMePlieison. Mallory, Mcnzies, Momhead. An-on P Moi-
l ill. Jus till S. Mon ill, Moi ri*. Noble, I'atlun, I'ein , Poitei,
Bovtcr, i'nce, Alexandei II. Bicc, Kiddle, l^Kvaul J[. Rol-
lins, James rt. Rollins, Sai^enr, Shethcld. Sln'llabari;ei,
Sluel, Smith, Spauiding, John B. .Steele, William G.
Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thoma-. Fiancis Thomas,
Ttain, VallandiCihain, Van Horn, Van ValkonbuurhA'cnoc,
Yooiliees. Wad^woith, Wallace, E P. Walton, Waid.
YVashbuine, Wheeler, Clnlton A. White, WickliliV, Win-
d<.>iu, WoodiulF, Woicster, and Wnght—92.
Bo the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
During: the roll call,
Mr. NUGEN stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Edgerton.
Mr. MORRIS (when his name was called) said:
I desire to make a brief explanation in relation to
a pair. I was paired off with my colleague, Mr.
Cutler. When he was called home, he came to
me and asked me to pair with him. 1 agreed to
do so and told him I would not vote upon any
question on which I thought we should vote differ-
ent! y and he asked me to refer to Mr. Edgerton.
I refrained from voting for about a week. When
the vote was taken last Friday evening on the bill
to abolish slavery in the Districtof Columbia, Mr.
Whaley stated that he was paired with Mr. Cut-
ler and declined voting. I thereupon asked leave
to vote, and did vote. 1 suppose my colleague and
I should vote differently upon this question, and
as I do not desire to commit any breach of faith,
I would like to know whether Mr. Whaley or
myself is paired with Mr. Cutler. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair can render the
gentleman no assistance.
Mr. MORRIS. It places me in a very delicate
position, but I will take the responsibility of voting,
and vote " no."
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded, the question recurred upon
ordering: the main question.
ATr. RICE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Price, and
Kellogg of Michigan, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 43, noes 50.
Mr. PRICE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to lay the resolution
upon tiie tabl".
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
from Missouri, who introduced this resolution,
will lot it be referred, by unanimous consent, to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EDWARDS. In that event I will with-
draw my motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the ref-
erence.
The question was taken on Mr. Edwards's
motion; and the House refused to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The question was then taken on ordering- the
main question; and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 51, nays 62, as follows:
YEAS*— Mt'ssre. Aldnch, Allen, Ancona, Joseph JBaily,
Francis P. Clair, William G. Biown, Clement4!, Cox, Crit-
tenden, DeiaphunOj Duel!, Dnnlap, Dunn, Glider, Hall,
Iluidnur, Hani-un, Ilolman. Johnson, Kiilingrr, Knapp,
Law, fi.izcar. Leary, Lehman, Mallory, Menzjo-s, Morns,
Noble, Noel I, Notion, Pendleton, Peny, Pi ice, Kichaidson,
James S. Rollins, Sluel, Smith, John 13. Steele, William G.
Stuck'. Benjamin b\ Thomas, Fiance Thomas, Yallandu?-
ham, Yooihee-*. Wadswoith, Waul, Whaley, Chilton A.
White. Wickliffe, Woodiuff, and Wright—51.
NAYS— Messis. Alley , Ashlej, Raker, Baxtei, Beaman,
Binyhun. Samuel S Blau, Blake, Butfhifori, Campbell, j
Chamix tlin, Colt.ix. Fredeuek A. Conkhng. Ro-coe Conk- ;
Imsr, I);u\(.n, Delano, Edwaids Eliot, Fenton, Fe&bonden, !
Fianehot, Frank, Giamjei, Hale, Hickman, Hooper, Hutch- i
m«, Kelley. Fiancis W. KelloL'ir, Lan^iinr, Looinis, Love- '
joy, McPhersou, Moorhead, An-on P. Morrill, Justin S.
Moi till. Oijn, Pike. Poitei, Potter. Alewndei II. ltiee, John
II Riee. Rid,lie, JJdwaid H. Rollins S«*dgw ok, Sheffield,
Sbell.ibruirei, Sloan, Spauldmir, Stiatton. Train, Trow-
bridge, Yan Horn, Yan Yalkenbui^h, Venee, Wallace,
F. P. Walton, Wa&hbuirie, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Worcester—P>2t
So the House refused to order the main ques-
tion.
Duiin^ the roll call,
Mr. EENTON stated that his colleagues, ?
A'Tessrs. Clark and Wheeler, were detained
from the House in consequence of sickness in Mr. j
Claric's family. i
The result of the vote having been announced :
as above recorded, [
Mr. FEiS'TON moved that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, :
and on that motion demand* d the previous ques- ;
uon. f
The ptevious question was seconded, and the j
main question ordered, and under the operation ;
thereof the motion was agreed to. j
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. |
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I desire to make :
a personal explanation. On Friday last I agreed ,
! to j «ur off with the gentleman fiom Ohio, Mr.
! Gvrley, on the bill abolishing slavery m thisDis- i
1 tnct. My impression was that the gentleman from \
Ohio did not intend to leave till Saturday, and that
the pair was to commence from that day. I there-
fore voted in the negative on the passage of the
bill. Had the gentleman from Ohio been present
he would have voted in the affirmative. My vote
was given under a misapprehension as to the time
when the pair was to commence to take effect.
JA3IES B0SWELL.
Mr. MALLORY asked and obtained unani-J
mous consent to have the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads discharged from the further
consideration of the claim of James BosweH'for
further compensation for carrying the mail, and
to have the same referred to the Committee of
Claims.
MILITARY KOAD IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to make a grant of pub-
lic lands to the State of Michigan, to aid in the
construction of a military road from Green Bay-
to Marquette; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
COTTON SEED.
Mr. WILSON" asked and obtained leave to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
toinlonn this House how much of the appropriation re-
cently made by Congress for the purchase of cotton seed
lor distribution among the people has been expended, m
what mannei the expenditure has been made, what amount
of cotton seed has been procured, and why no distribution
of the name has been made.; that he further inform the
House what number of aszents have been employed to pro-
euie said seed, who said agents aie, and how much of
said appropriation each ot said agents has received, or is to
icceive, foi «-uch service.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
by substituting the word " directed" for the word
" requested.,"
Mr. WILSON. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
MESSAGE ITvOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing that the Senate insisted on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House to the Post Office
appropriation bill, asked a committee of confer-
ence on the same, and had appointed Messrs.
Collamer, Howe, and Latham, such committee
on the part of the Senate.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The SPEAKER announced the business in
order to be the motion made by the gentleman
from New Yoik, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] on
Monday last, to suspend the rules to enable him
to move to make the bill (H. R. No. 387) to es-
tablish a uniform system of bankruptcy in the
United States, a special order.
Mr. ROSCOE CO INKLING. I ask the indul-
gence of the House that I may make a statement
from the committee in respect to the vote about
to be taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not know
exactly the purposeof the gentleman from Illinois
in objecting.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order on a
motion to suspmd the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to postpone the
consideration of this bill till the fourth Wednes-
day jn December next.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I raise the ques-
tion of order that the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois is not in order. This bill was re-
ported on Monday last, the House consenting. It
is therefore before the House. A proposition
was then made to make the bill a special order.
That was objected to, on which amotion was made
to suspend the lules. That motion must be first
uctcd on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The House must first act on themotion
to suspend the rules. After that is disposed of
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois will be
in order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays wete ordered.
The question w a.s taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeos 5G, nays 4d*> as follows:
YEAS—Mostly. Aldnch, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter, Bea-
