THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
The yeas and nays were taken with the follow-
ing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Drowning, Carlisle, Chandler,
•Clark, Coliamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fcssenden, Foot,
Foster; Grime?, Harlan, Harris, Howe, King:, Lane of In-
diana, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Powell. Saulsbury, Simmons, Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wright—36.
So the motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER:
fn order to obviate the difficulty which might arise from
there being no maishal of the United States in certain dis-
tricts where it may be necessary to serve subpenas, it 19
further
Ordered, That subpena^ may be issued by the Secretary
of the Senate when acting asacourt of impeachment, and
directed to the Sergeant-at-Arnis of the Senate, or his dep-
uty, as well as to the maishal of the Disti ict of 
Thfc VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
other matter before the court, it will now resolve
itself into the Senate.
FREEDOM IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill from
the House prohibiting slavery in the Territories.
Mr. DAVIS. Will not the Senator from Ohio
permit that little bill of mine in relation to juror's
oaths to be taken up and passed?
Mr. WADE. This will not take any longer
than that.
Mr. McDOUGALL, On days long since past,
I gave notice that [ proposed to move the consid-
eration of the Pacific railroad bill. I deferred its
consideration at the suggestion of Senators, on
what I thought to be an understanding that when
the tax bill became a law so far as the Senate had
taken action in the matter, the Pacific railroad bill
would be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I know it. I object, and
my remarks are in the way of objection to his
motion. The Pacific railroad bill is a House bill,
passed much more than a month ago; I think,
about two months ago, and referred to the special
committee on the subject in the Senate, and very
promptly reported by them. It is now late in
the session. The bill has been carefully matured
m committee, a number of amendments have been
made, and it is very important that action should
be taken upon the amendments, in order that the
House may be consulted upon the changes made
by the Senate in the House bill.
Mr. WADE. If the Senate will permit me, I
am a member of the special committee that re-
ported the railroad bill, and I am a friend of that
measure and do not want any delay upon it. This
bill, however, that I propose to take up, is one
that has been in committee much longer than the
Pacific railroad bill. I have been urged to bring
it forward, and it ought to be brought foiward
now; and the Senator will not enhauee or expe-
dite his measure by arguing against taking tip this
one.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am disposed at least to
ascertain the sense of the Senate on tins question.
The special committee on the Pacific railroad was
originally constituted of five members. Four were
added afterwards on the motion of the Senator
from Kansas,[Mr. Lante,] and one has been added
since, the Senator fiom Iowa, [Mr. IIaul.vn'.J It
has been carefully considered, and I think the
measure has been completely matured. I do not
believe it will involve any lengthy argument. It
ts ;i measure which has been struggled form this
Hall and in the, other end of the Capitol for ten
years, and I object to any other measure coming
in advance of it. When I yielded to the tax bill,
it was understood in the Senate, if 1 understand
anything at all, that this Pacific tailroad bill
should be nextconsidcred. Therefore, while ob-
jecting to the motion of the. Senator fiom Ohio, I
give notice now that I shall seek to bring forwaid
the Pacific tailroad bill, which the Senate has not
yet h<\-u*d read in open Senate; and upon the ques-
tion of whether the motion of the gentleman from
Ohioshall supersede the motion 1 propose to make.
I will call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, i hope the Senate will take up
the bill to piescribe an additional oath to jurois
in United States courts
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Coliaiuer, Dixon, Feb-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
King, Morrill, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—20.
NAYS—-Messrs. Browning, Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Ken-
nedy, Latham, McDougall, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell,
Rice, Saulsbury, Stark, Willey, and Wright—15.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 374) to secure freedom
to all persons within the Territories of the United
States. The bill is in these words:
That slavery and involuntary servitude, in all cases what-
soever, (other than in the punishment of crime, whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted,) shall liencefoith
cease and be prohibited forever in all theTenitoriesof the
United States now existing, or heieafter to be formed or
acquired in any way.
The Committee on Territories reported the bill
with an amendment,* to strike out all after the en-
acting clause, and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That from and after the passage of this act there shall be
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in any ot the Tei-
ritories of the" United States now existing, or which may
at any time hereafter be formed or acquired by the United
States, otheuvise than .in punishment of crimes whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CARLILE. I should like to make an in-
quiry of those who have this bill in charge,
whether this bill will interfere with the right of
the Indians in the Indian territory to their slaves ?
I understand its piovisions to be general.
Mr. WADE. My opinion is, that it would
interfere. If there are any slaves held by Indians
in the Territories belonging to the United States,
1 suppose this bill would abolish slavery there.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 think if that is the con-
struction which is to be placed upon this bill, it
would be well to make an amendment in accord-
ance with our strict treaty stipulations. I have
been looking into the treaty stipulations%ith the
Choctaws and Seminoles and other tribes that are
settled now in what we call the Indian territory,
and those treaties expressly secure to the Indians
the entire legislative control of that country. I
suppose it is not the intention of the Senate to
violate any treaty stipulations with the Indian
tribes.
Mr. WADE. I did not intend to say that it
would interfere with an unorganized territory
belonging to the United States. It does not inter-
fere with them now; but whenevera Territory of
the United States is organized there, then I have
no doubt this bill, if it should become a law, would
prohibit shivery in that Territory. In my judg-
ment, it would not interfere with any of their
rights there now. That is what I intended to be
understood as saying before.
Mr. CARLILE. I should like to record my
opposition to this proposition. I believe we passed
a bill the other day containing about the same
clause. I shall not offer the amendment I designed
to offer under the statement of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
a third time, and on the question, "Shall the bill
pass ?"
Mr. CARLILE called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Claik,
Col!.unt;i, Cowan. Dixon, Fessenden, Foot,Fos>tei, Gi nnej>,
Hale, H.irhm, Ham<, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of In-
diana, Pomeioy, Rice. Simmons, Sumner, Ten Evck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson ot Mas-
saehu^f it?—08.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Davis, Kennedy, Latham,
McDougall, Neaiiuth, Powell, Saulsbury, Stark, and
Wiin'at—10.
So the bill wos passed
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. LATHAM. I now renew the motion made
by my colleague, to proceed to the consideration
of the Pacific railroad bill
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the bill next taken up will
be the bill to impose an additional oath for grand
and petit jurors.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that the Sunatoi
fiom California, the chaiiman of the Pacific rail-
road committee, [Mr. McDougall,] merely de-
sires to have the bill printed, with the amend-
ments he proposes, and hence it will occupy but
a few moments.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, that when the measure waa
brought forward on a previous day, the bill was
not read through in the Senate, and I think it
would be well now to have it printed, inasmuch
as the committee have since considered several
amendments of some importance. I hope the bill
will be printed by to-morrow morning; and as
soon as Senators can have it before them, I shall
ask the Senate to consider the measure. I wish
now simply to ask for the printing of the bill, as
finally amended by the committee.
Mr. CLARIC and others. There is no objec-
tion to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from California to take
up the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL, I should like now, with
the indulgence of the Senate, to have the formal
reading of the bill either concluded or dispensed
with, so that when we take it up to-morrow lean
proceed without delay.
Several Senators. We cannot arrange that
now.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The bill has been once
printed as it was originally reported by the com-
mittee. I now move that it be printed again, with
the additional amendments of the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I now move to postpone
the further consideration of the measure until to-
morrow at one o'clock, and that it be made the
special order for that hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to special orders.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will put my motion
simply in the shape of moving that the bill be
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
jurors' oaths.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate take up
the bill (S. No. 281) prescribing an additional oath
to be taken by grand and petit jurors in the courts
of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HALE. Has the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky been adopted?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. Then the question is on the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill was
amended, and ordered to be engrossed; after it had
passed that stage, the Senator from Kentucky of-
fered the bill in a new form, which was accepted
unanimously by the Senate; and that is the prop-
osition now before the body, and the question is
on its passage.
Mr. HALE. I have a slight amendment that
I wish to propose, and I think it will meet the
approval of the Senator from Kentucky. If the
bill is in the situation the President says, I must
vote against the bill; because I think it is obnox-
ious to the objection made before, but the amend-
ment which I desire to propose will remove that
objection.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will read his
amendment, perhaps I shall accept it.
Mr. HALE. I desire, in the fourth line of the
second section, after the word "may," to insert
"move;" and then to strike out the words "at
Ins," and insert "and the court in their;" and
afterthe word " discretion/' to insert " may*," so
that the sentence will read, as amended:
The district attorney or other person acting for and on
behalf of the United States m said court may move, and
the couit in their discretion may require, &c.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not object to that amend-
ment, and I hope the Senate will receive it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. While the amendment is
being made, I simply wish to suggest this ques-
tion: shall this be a perpetual statute to remain for-
ever, or shall it be for a certain number of years?
Would it not be better that the bill should provide
that it shall expire at a specified time unless it be
further extended by Congress?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairdeaires
to understand whether the Senator from Kentucky
