APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
3Tin Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Eebel Property—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
Trumbull] agrees with me, that under this clause
Congress is -not prohibited from declaring that
pergonal estate shall be forfeited upon the convic-
tion of a traitor, but that his real estate cannot be
forfeited beyond his lffe upon the attainder for
treason. Since that discussion I have received a
copy of an able argument written by Joel Parker,
who stands at the head of the law school of Cam-
bridge University. I find he makes the same dis-
tinction. He assumes it to be almost too clear for
an argument. He says:
« The attainder spoken of in the clause cited from the
Constitution being such attainder as, according to the com-
mon law, results from a judgment, it seems clear that the
forfeiture, which is limited by the Constitution to an estate
far life, relates to the same general kind of property which
was forfeited by the attainder at common law; and the lan-
guage of the constitutional provision indicates that tins was
teal and not personal property, A forfeiture of a life estate
in personal property, of which the traitor had the absolute
title, would certainly be an anomaly. But it is clear that
the forfeiture on attainder of treason was of real property
only, lands, and interests in or lights to land-!, and could be
no other; tor the forfeiture of the peisoual propcity of (he
traitor was the result of the conviction which prcccdcd the
judgment and the attainder."
Here is the opinion of Joel Parker, of the Cam-
bridge University; and on that point I desire
to refer to one or two more authorities. I read
from Blackstone the other day, as you remember,
in reply to the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] upon that subject; I will read'a sen-
tence or two from Chitty's Criminal Law:
"There is this diflerence between conviction and judg-
ment, that if the traitor die after conviction and befoic
judgment he may pass his real estate, but not Im personal
property, because the goods and chattels ate forfeited on
the verdict of guilty, but the land* are nor, divested until
the attainder, which is the pionouncing of the sentence of
the court.'5
Conviction may take place at one term of the
court and the sentence not take place until an-
other, and the distinction is so keptupin the com-
mon law that if after a conviction a man should
die or be killed by an adversary his lands would
pass to his heirs, but his personal property would
tc forfeited.
Again, sir, I read from Colcc:
"The difference between a man attainted andconvicied
is, that a man la said to be convict before he hath judg-
ment*, as if a man be convict by confession, vcrdict, or
reeveuney. And when ho hath his judgment upon the ver-
dict confession, or recreancy, or upon the outlawry, or ab-
jaratlou, then he is said to b«: attaint. And thus is the law
taken at this day, notwithstanding some diversity of opin-
ions in our books.
{l If a felon be convicted by verdict, confession, or rec-
reancy, he dotfi forfeit Ijh goods and chattel*, &c., pres-
ently." * * * * " Bv the vet v conviction he
forlWtcth hi* goods and chattels belbio attainder. And Stan-
ford—1of a felon convict by verdict—saitli that he
ahall forfeit hit* goods which ho had attlfe time of the ver-
dict given, winch <* the conviction." * * * ♦
by ft conviction of a lelon, his pood- and chattels
are, forfeited j butb} attainder—that is by judgmcntgiven 
hi* lands ai:d tenements are forfeited, and his blood cor-
rupted, and not bcfoie.,>—-Coke's Commentaries on Little-
ton, vol, Qt sec. 745. *
I would not troublo the Senate by reading from
these authorities, had it not been urged hero that
the distinction I raised between personal property
mid real estate was a distinction without founda-
tion. 1 refer to these books treating upon the
common law, the law of this country when the
Constitution was adopted, and in reference to
which it was adopted, to show that the words of
limitation upon the power of Confess apply to
the real estate only of the person attainted. It is
clear, therefore, that under this clause of the Con-
stitution, giving to Congress the power to declare
tno, punishment of treason, we may declare tlx:
absolute forfeiture of every dollar of the traitor's
peisonal estate upon his conviction; but when wc
come to touch his real estate, we can forfeit it for
his life, and for his life only,
1 am awaie that Senators here have contended
that in the other countries of the world, upon a
con viction of treason, men have had not only their
personal property confiscated absolutely, but their
real properly also. I agree to that. Such was
inc Livv among- the Persians, the iViacpiIonians, the
Greeks, file Romans, and in England, too, until
they passed n law, to take effect after the death
of the Pretender, (b restrain its effect. The same
power was exercised m tins country in most if
not all of the colonies during the Revolution; but
riot under this Constitution. That power .'was
xetciaed before this Constitution was formed,
when there was no such limitation upon them,
when the common law was in full force, and the
judgment of attainder forfeited all his real estate
absolutely, as his personal estate was forfeited
upon conviction.
" Among the P*ersians and Macedonians, not only the
criminals convicted of treason were put to death, but all
their relations and friends. The descendants of Antiphon,
the orator, were disqualified from advancing themselves,
by their own merits, to estates and offices in Athens. The
posterity of Marius's faction were "excluded by a law of
Sylla from the same privilege."
This was carried so far that- in Rome, under
the empire, it was a maxim,as the digest phrases
it, qui civita amisit hceredem habere non potest—he
who has lost the rights of a citizen can have no
heir. That was the law of the empire. If a man
was convicted of treason he lost the rights .of a
citizen, and could have no heir. So in the days
of the republic:
" Antony, Dolabella, Lepidus, were adjudged enemies to
the commonwealth, and their estates confiscated. Even
(;a3=ar, who was for mitigating the penalties on the Catili-
naiian conspirators, moved a confiscation of all their piop-
eity to the pabiic coffeis."
So, too, in England, by the common law, as I
have already stated, upon attainder of high trea-
son there was a forfeiture of all lands of inherit-
ance which the offender had in his own right, all
into which he had a right to enter, over which he
had the power of disposition; but his treason did
not forfeit the right of the issue in tail. Gentle-
men have said that this provision is only to limit
the power so as to prevent the confiscation of es-
tates in tail. By the common law they could not
be forfeited; the issue 111 tail was just as much the
object of die original settlement or the grantor as
the person himself. The issue in tail took per
formam doni, from ancestor. This idea that the
clause of the Constitution applies only to estates
in tail,such estates as were common in England,
but hardly existed in this country at all, and to
them only, and that it does not apply to freehold
estates, or fee simple estates, is withoutany foun-
dation whatever.
The honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] in his speech detailed the attainders,
forfeitures, and confiscations that took place among
the colonies. He gave in detail the number of per-
sons whose estates were confiscated, and the brlls
of attainder that were passed. He stated it truly;
but I cannot close my eyes to the fact that all this
transpired before this Constitution was formed.
It was in view of all this; it was with all these
facts before them that our ancestors who formed
the Constitution placed this limitation in it. They
had been in rebellion themselves. In their own
experience they had learned all there is in the pas-
sions which dictate and the consequences which
follow attainders, forfeitures, and confiscations.
They knew it all. With all the lights of human
history before them, under the old and under the
new dispensation, before and after Christ, when
they met in convention to form this Constitution,
to found this new Government to be the light and
the example of nations, they determined to limit
the power of confiscating real estate to the life of
the guilty party, even in this highest of political
crimes. They determined that to the extent of the
homes and lands of the family, the rule should be,
punish the guilty, but spare the innocent. Sir, the
Constitution saysso,and it was intended tosayso.
Sir, they put in that clause knowing what they
said, and moaning just what they said. They
borrowed it from the statute passed in England
which was to take effect after the death of the Pre-
tender, and subsequently postponed not to take
effect until after the death of the Pretender's sons.
I hold in my hand a book written about the time
of the passage of that act, by Sir Charles Yorke,
ot Isngland, a book written to show the impolicy
on the part of the British Government of putting
any such restrictions upon the law of forfeiture of
real estate for treason. I have readit,and all the
arguments upon the one side and the other, I say-
to gentlemen here, if they will take the trouble to
examine it, that it is as clear as the daylight*
nothing can make it clearer, that while Co.n ress'
has the power to declare the purtishment oftrea-
son, it has not the power to forfeit the real estate
ol the guilty party, except during his life.
Mr. President, so far from coming to this con-
clusion from any sympathy for these rebel con-
spirators, 1 take occasion to say that I do not
believe there is a member of this body who has
studied this question with a more anxious determ-
ination, if possible, to reach and take hold of
the real estate of the leading rebels than the person
who now addresses you. But, sir, although it
was my wish to find in the Constitution the power
of absolute confiscation of their estates in lands,
not for life only, but forever, I am, after full ex-
amination, convinced, against my wish, that the
power to confiscate beyond the life of the offender
is not given to Congress, but is expressly forbid-
den. Finding, as I have, that this is beyond our
power, 1 have drawn a bill reaching after, if you
please confiscating, the real estate upon another
and an entirely different ground: through the
power of taxation. It in no respect is antagonized
with this bill, nor is it in conflict with its provis-
ions. I will not take time to explain it now. I
may do so on some other occasion when I shall
bring it up and ask its passage by the Senate. I
will not even read it, though I shall take the lib-
erty of inserting it in the report of my remarks as
a part of my speech. It is as follows:
A bill for the collection of direct taxes in the insurrec-
tionary districts within the United States, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted, That when in any Stat* or Territory,
or in any portion of any State or Territory, by reason of
insaviecuon or rebellion, the civil authority of tne Govern-
ment of the United States is obstructed, so that the piovis-
ions of the act, entitled " An act to provide increased rev-
enue fioni imposts, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other pui poses," approved August 5,186J, for assessing,
levying, and collecting the direct taxes therein mentioned,
cannot be peaceably executed, the said direct taxes by said
act apportioned among the several States and Teiritories.
respectively, shall be apportioned and chaiged in each Srate
and Territoiy, or pa it thereof, wherein the civil authority
is thus obstructed, upon all the lands and lots of giound
situate therein, lespecuvel}', except such as are exempt
fioni tdxdtinu by the laws of &aid State or of the United
States, as the snid lands or lots of ground were enumerated
and valued under the last asse>sment and valuation thereof
made under the authoiityot said State or Territory previous
to the 1st day of January, A. D. 1861; and cach and every
paicel of the said lands, according to said valuation,, are
hereby declared to be, by viitue ot this act, charged with
the payment of so much of the whole tax laid and appor-
tioned by said act upon the State or Territory wherein the
same are respectively situate as shall bear the same direct
pioportion to the whole amount of the direct tax apportioned
to &aid State orTeiutoiy as the value of said parcels of land
shall lespeetively bear to the whole valuation of the real
estate in said State or Tei ntory according to the said assess-
ment and valuation made under the authority of the same.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That on or before the
 day of next the President, by his proclamation,
shall declaie in what States and parts of States said insur-
rection exists, and thereupon the said several lots or parcels
of lands shall become charged respectively with their re-
spective poitions ot said direct tax, without any other or
further proceeding whatever.
Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, That it fball be lawful
for tiie owner or owners of said lots or parcels of land,
within sixty days theirafter, to pav the tax thus charged
upon the same respectively into the Treasury of the United
States, and take a certificate thereof, by virtue whereof
the said lauds shall be dis&haiged from said tax.
Sec. 4. And be U further enacted, That the title in fee
simple ot, in and to cach and every piece or parcel of land
upon which said tax has not been paid as above provided
shall thereupon become forfeited to the United Suites, and'
upon the sale hereinafter provided for, shall vest in the
United States or in the purchasers at such sale, in fee sim-
ple, free and discharged from all prior liens, incumbrances,
right, title, and claim whatsoever.
Sec. 5. J1nd be itfuither enacted, That the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the benate, may appoint a board of three tax commissioners
tor each ol said Suites in which such insurrection cxisfs.
with a sdlaiy of .<$3,000 cach per annum,to give securityin
the sum ot $o0,0(J0 eaeh, m such form as the Secretary of
the 1 reaMiiy shall direct, and to be approved by him, for
the faithful peiformance of all their duties as such, and to
account for and pay over all moneys and other property
coming to their hands. v v j
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said boaid of lax
commissioners shall enter upon the discharge of tile duties
ot their office whenever the commanding general of the
forces of the United States, entering into any such insur-
rectionary state or district, shall have established the mili-
*VJ 'VJi1"0,ity °f the United States throughout any parish
oi dtstrref or county of the same, and they shall open one
or moreoffiees for the transaction of business.
bEC. /. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That the said board of
commissioners may be authorized, incase the taxes charged
upon the said lots and parcels of land shall not be paid"as
piovided for m the thiid section of this act, to cause the
same to be advertised for sale, in a newspaper published in
the town or county where situate, and if there be no such
newspaper published in said county, or if the publisher
JlZe0Lr1 ,t0 l>u,b!lsh th? same> ti'«  I'l any other news-
paper to be selected by said commissioners in said district
or ill the city of Washington, for at least four weeks, ami
by posting notices of said sale in three public places ill tile
town, parish, or district within which sai8 lands are situ-
ate, at least lour week* pn_yious to the day of sale ; and at
i.*^'ne and place of sale to cause the same to be seveialiv
sold to the highest bidder, pursuant to said notice ™? an
