636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
In addition, when the war is over our expenses
upon a peace footing will be enormously large for
many years.
Interest on public drbt     §50,000,000
Sinking fund of one percent. on the debt  8,000,000
Army,say  75,000,000
Navy and coast defenses  65,000,000
Civil list     50,000,000
$948,000,000
A sinking fund of one per cent, invested m six
per cents., with the interest reinvested semi-annu-
ally, will extinguish the whole debt in thirty-one
years. Therefore I have stated my figures as to
sinking fund at one per cent. If we can levy and
collect the sum required on a peace footing, or
nearly that sum, the Government is financially put
in the best condition; and this, or neaily this, we
ought to do. It is idle to pretend that it can be
done, or that anything can be done, to carry us
through without inflicting great suffering and sor-
row. But the pangs and trials of a nation are m
the ratio of its destinies. We must not forget the
sublimity and vastness of the epoch, and of the
"sacrifices it warrants.
There has been no such occasion presented to a
nation, no such demand made upon a nation, dur-
ing the lifetime of the human race. The history
of America, the history of free government, the
history of constitutional liberty, begins or ends
now. We have our career and our traditions as
a nation; they are safe; but our history is yet to
be made. Our destiny is, without an ally m the
world, with nations banded against us, to hold
fast a continent in the midst of the greatest, guilt-
iest revolution the world has ever seen.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the door.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move the sub-
stitute which I obtained the leave of the House
tins morning to have printed, as an amendment
in the nature of a substitute to the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallavdigiiam.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. My colleague from the Erie dis-
trict [Mr. Spaulding] reported a bill which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. To that bill the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vai.i.ani>igham] offered an amend-
ment, which yesterday he modified; and to that
amendment \ offered an amendment, beingasub-
stitute for the whole lull. Now J hold it is notin
ouler for the gentleman from Vermont to move
his amendment at all at this time, and especially
not to move it as an amendment to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
as the gentleman from Ohio haw offered hi« amend-
ment as a substitute, instead of an amendment,
the motion of the gentleman from Vermont is not
in order at this time.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask permission to have
printed a lull—the original bill which has been cor-
rected— which I mean to offer after the amendment
of the gentleman from Vermont shall have been
offered.
The CHAIRMAN. Thu Chair would state to
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania that, in his opin-
ion, if, is not competent for the Committee of the
Whole to order a document to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. It has always been done by
general consent.
The CHAIRMAN. Not m Committee of the
Whole.
Mr STEVENS. If no one objocts, it can be
done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
The gentleman can make his motion after the com-
mittee rises
Mr. STEVENS. 1 knowjt cannot be done
now, if any one objects.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I des ire to know
of tlm Chair whether any further amendment ii
now in ordet ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair "would say to
the grutiemun fiorn Vermont that, in the way of
perfecting the oiiginal bii 1, any amendment is in
order. The original bill is before the committee
for amendment and perfection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I will
offer my amendment as a substitute for the original
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Two amendments to the
substitute are already pending. An amendment
to the original bill is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
to amend the original bill by striking out all after
the word (t that," and inserting my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There isalreadyan amend-
ment pending to strike out all after the word
" that."
Mr. BINGHAM. It was far from my purpose,
when I came early to the House to-day to attend a
meeting of the Committee on the Judiciary, to enter
upon any discussion of the important question
which now commands-the attention of the Repre-
sentatives of the people; and but for some remarks
which h ave been made to-day by the honorable gen-
tleman from New Yoik [Mr. Roscoe Conklikg]
I would not feel disposed now to address the com-
mittee. But, sir, as a Representative of the peo-
ple, J cannot keep silent when I see efforts made
upon this side of the House and upon that to lay
the power of the American people to control their
currency, a power essential to their interests, at
the feet of brokers and of city bankers, who have
not a title of authority, save by the assent or for-
bearance of the people, to deal in their paper is-
sues as money.
I am here to-day to assert the rightful authority
of the American people, as a nationality, a sover-
eignty under and by virtue of their Constitution.
In saying that the people of this Republic are
one people, a sovereignty, I do not feel that I shall
bo confronted by any of the great names of the
illustrious dead who have suddenly found favor
with gentlemen upon the othersideof the House.
Living, there was no epithet in our language too
severe in its condemnation or too much unchari-
table in its import for the fit denunciation by cer-
tain parties of the alleged political heresies of the
illustrious man, Alexander Hamilton, and that
other illustrious man, Daniel Webster, who for
strength of intellect stood alone among the living;
and now dead, in his honored grave sleeps alone by
the sounding sea. I am not myself of that class
of admirers who persecute men while living, and
heap tons of gianite and pour empty adulation
upon their ashes when dead. I prefer to respect
them and their authority while they stand among
the living men of to-day. Thesegreatnames have
been invoked m this debate. For whatpurpose?
For the purpose of denationalizing the American
people; for the purpose of stripping the American
people of the attributes of sovereignty; for the pur-
pose of laying, as 1 said before, at the feet and at
the mercy of brokers and hawkers on 'Change the
power of the people over their monetary interests
m this hour of national exigency.
Sir, there is nothing in the records of these illus-
trious men that justifies any such base uses of
their utteianees, which were made not only for the
instruction of the men of their own day, but for
the guidance of all that were to come after them.
J venture to aflirm—without having recently had
the opportunity to read much of what he said upon
that subject—that Alexander Hamilton, peerless
almost among the founders of the American Con-
stitution, never intimated in any paper of his that
the Government of the United States could not, at
its pleasure, issue Treasury notes either payable
upon demand or payable upon time. There was
much' said by my respected colleague [Mr. Pen-
dleton] with which I entirely and altogether
agree; but, sir, when my colleague seemed to inti-
mate in his argument that he found any warrant
in the elaborate papers of Alexander Hamilton
against this authority or power of the Congress
of the United States to authorize the issue ofTreas-
sury notes either payable upon demand or payable
upon time, he greatly mistook the spirit of all he
has written, and which has been transmitted to us.
My colleague was adroit in the handling of the
papers of Hamilton, which will live as long as our
j| language lives. He was one of those men upon
j; whom it pleased God to confer those extraor-
!j dinary gifts which command the homage and ad-
miration of men, whether they agreed with him or
;; not. The passage which my colleague quoted
[I from his work was an argument in" which he
|l showed the propriety of establishing a national
|j bank authorized to issue currency, and he gave
h certain reasons therefor. My colleague is a most
excellent lawyer. He knew well, and so did Ham-
ilton know well when he made thatargument, that
what the Government does by another it does by
itself—qui fecit per alium fecit per se.
Mr. PENDLETON. Does my colleague allude
to me in those remarks?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will say to my col-
league that it will puzzle him to find anything in
the remarks I submitted to the House the other
day which looks like the assertion that General
Hamilton denied the power to issue Treasury
notes, payable upon demand, or at a specified
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. * I am much obliged to my
colleague for that, for his speech, backed asit was
by the commanding authority of Alexander Ham-
ilton, made the impression upon this House that
he denied the power of the Government to issue
Treasury notes. This avowal now saves me a
great deal of trouble. It is what I expected from
the ingenuousness of my colleague.
Mr^PENDLETON. I am very much flattered
by what my colleague says, but I object to his
putting it upon that footing exactly. [Laughter.]
I say he will find nothing in my speech to justify
the assertion he has made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I said my colleague seemed
to intimate that Hamilton had doubted the power
of Congress to make a direct issue of demand or
time Treasury notes. It is furthest from my pur-
pose to misrepresent my colleague, and I now un-
derstand him to concede that the Congress of the
United States has authority to issue Treasury
notes. For that concession I thank him, as it saves
me the trouble of saying anything further upon
that point.
I now come to the other point. Did Alexander
Hamilton, in any paper, intimate that the Con-
gress of the United States could not make any-
thing which it authorized to be issued, as money,
a legal tender for the payment of debts ? I think
I am justified in saying that he never did. I un-
derstand that Hamilton admitted that limitations
were by the Constitution imposed upon the power
of this Government. That is very apparent in
the wondrous teachings of that illustrious man,
and in the utterances of that other man no less
illustrious, Daniel Webster. The names of both
have been invoked in this discussion. For what
purpose, sir? Manifestly to impress the House
and th9 country with the behef that they denied
the power of Congress to legislate as proposed by
this bill. I think from what they said and all
they said on this subject, the very contrary ap-
pears.
I may be allowed, sir, to say that I am not un-
familiar with the utterances of those great minds,
to their countrymen, and which have survived
them and will survive us. They both have agreed
in this, and in it I agree with them, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States may not issue paper
currency irredeemable in gold and silver or other
legalized coin. That is the substanccof their re-
spective opinions. This bill docs notcontcmplate
an issue of Treasury notes irredeemable m gold
and silver. If it did, I should never vote for it.
They both agreed that the Government of the
United States might authorize the issue, as cur-
rency, to facilitate the operations of commerce, of
what is known as paper money; and although I
have not come here prepared with notes of refer-
ence to what they have said, I give it as my recol-
lection of what |Qi'. Webster did say, that he as-
serted the proposition as broadly as I assert it
now, that the Government of the United States
may authorize the issue of paper money as cur-
rency. Mr. Websteralways insisted upon Ameri-
can nationality. I only quote his own words when
I say that all the people of all the States, are but
one people, with but one Constitution and one
destiny.
A friend near me hands me what Mr. Webster
did say. I quoted what he said from memory. I
would be ashamed of myself as an American cit-
izen if I had not taken some pains to make my-
self familiar with the remarkable sayings of this
illustrious man, who did honor not only to his
country but to the human race. This is what Mr.
Webster said:
" Congress by the Constitution Is Invested with certain
powers, and as to the objects, and within the scope oftbose
powers, it is sovereign."
