1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
cases where the owner of said lots or parcels of ground
shall not on or before the day of sale appear in person be-
fore the said board of commissioners and pay the amount
of said tax, wifh ten per cent, interest thereon, with the
cost of advertising the same, or request the same to be
struck off to a purchaser for a less sum than two thirds of
the assessed value of said several lots or parcels ofground,
the said commissioners shall at said sale strike off the same
severally to the* United States at that sum, unless some
person shall bid a larger sum; and, in that case, the same
shall be struck off to the highest bidder, who shall, upon
paying the puichase money in gold and silver coin, or in
the Treasury notes of the United States, or in certificates
of indebtedness against the United States, be entitled to re
ceive from said commissioners their certificate of sale;
which said certificate shall he received in all courts and
places as prima facie evidence ot the regularity and valid-
ity of said sale, and of the title of the said purchaser or pur
chasers under the same : Provided, nevertheless, That the
owner of said lots of ground may, at anytime, within sixty
days after said sale, appear before the said board of tax com-
missioners in his or her own proper person, and, if a citi-
zen, upon taking an oath to suppoit the Constitution of the
United States, and paying the amount of the said tax, with
interest thereon from the date of the said proclamation of
the President mentioned in the second section of this act,
at the rate of fifteen per cent., together with the expenses
of the sale and subsequent proceedings to be determined by
said commissioners, may redeem said lots of land from said
sale; and any purchaser under the same, having paid mon-
eys, Treasury notes, or other certificates of indebtedness of
the United States, shall, upon such redemption being made,
be entitled to have the same returned to him by the said
commissioners, upon surrendering up the certificates of
sale : And provided further, That if the owner of said lots
of ground, if a minor, a person of unsound mind, or under
a legal disability, the guardian, trustee, or other person hav-
ing charge of the person and estate of such peison may
redeem the same at any time within two years after the
sale thereof, in the manner above provided and with like
effect.
Sec. 8. And be it futtker enacted, That at any time within
one year after the said sale by said commissioners any per-
son being the owner of any lot or parcel of ground at the
passage of this act, who will, by sufficient evidence, prove
to the satisfaction of said boatd of commissioners that he
or she, aftei the passage of this act, has not taken part in
the present msut loetion against the United Slates, oi in any
manner aided or abetted the same ; and that, by icason of
said insuriection, he or she has been unable to pay said
tax, or to redeem said lands fiom sale within the tune above
provided foi, the said board ot" commissioneis may allow
him or her further time to lodocm the same, not exceeding
two years from the day of sale; and for this purpose they
may take the testimony of witnesses, and shall leducc the
same to writing; and the United States, oi any poison
claiming an interest in said lands, may appear and oppose
the said application. From their dcciMOn, the United States
or any party in interest, may appeal to the cucuit couit of
the United'States for said distuct, winch is hereby author-
ized to take jurisdiction of the same, as m other eases in-
volving the equity of ledemption. And in case said boaid
of commissioneis should, foi any cause, cea«-o to act be-
fore the expuation of one year after said sale^, the said cir-
cuit court shall have original juu->diction of the proceeding
for redemption as herein piovidcd to take place before the
saidboaid of commissioners.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in cases where
the owners of said lots and parcels of ground have aban-
doned the same, and have not paid the tax thereon as pro-
vided for in the third section ot this act, nor paid the same,
nor redeemed the said lands from sale as provided for in
the seventh section of this act, and the said board oi com-
missioner shall be satibfied that said owners have left the
same to join the icbel forces or otherwise to engage in and
abet this icbcllioti, and the same shall have been stiuek off
to the United States at ><nd sale, the said commissioner*
(«hall in the name of the United States, enter upon and
take possession of the same, and may lease the sumo, to-
gether or in parcels, to any person or persons until ttie said
rebellion and insurrection in said State shall be put down
and the civil authority of the United States established,
and until the people of said State shall elect a Legislature
and State officers who bhall take an oath to support the
Constitution of ilir1 United States, to be announced by the
proclamation of the l're-ident, and until the 1st day of
Match next thereafter, said leases to bo in such form and
with such security as shall, in the judgment of said com-
missioneis, produce to the United States the greatest reve-
nue, subject, however, to the approval ot the Piesident.
Sec. 10. And be itfuilher enacted, That the said coni-
mi.-^ioncrs shall, fiom time to tunc, make such tcmporaiy
rules and regulations, and insert such clauses in said leases,
a* shall be just and pioper to secure propei and loasonable
employment and support, at wages or upon shams of the
oron of such persons and iannhes as may be reading upon
the said parcels or lots of land, which said rules and regu-
lations are declared to be subject to the approval of the
President, and to be by him submitted to the next session
of Coneress for then revision and modification.
Sec U. And belt further enacted, That the &aid board ot
commissioners by and with the approval of the eommand-
iixTaoneial in said distuct, may, trom time to tune, make
such temporary mles tor the order and government ot al
nei*ons residing within the said district ass-hall be just and
humane, until the civil authority ot the Federal Govern-
ment shall be established and acknowledged as mentioned
m the ninth section, which said rules and lcgulations shall
be approved by the Piesident, and be by him submitted to
flic iipyt session of Congress for their revision and modin-
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the said board of
commissioners, under tho direction of the i resident, may
b^ authoiized, instead ofleasi^g the said lands vested m the
United States, as above provided, to cause the sam^°r™y
portion thereof, to be subdivided and sold in parcels not to
exceed three hundred and twenty acres to any one pur-
chaser, at public sale, after giving due notice thereof, as
upon the sale of other public lands of the United States, for
sixty days, and to issue a certificate therefor j and that, at
any such sale, any loyal citizen of the limited States, or any
person who shall have faithfully served as on officer, mu-
sician, or private soldier or sailoi in Use Army or Navy or
marine service of the United States, as a regular or volun-
teer, for the term of three months, may become the pur-
chaser; and upon such saleany person serving in the Army
or Navy or marine corps may pay the purchase money, or
any part thereof, in certificates of indebtedness for his pay
or wages, or in the amount which may be due for bounties
to him as an officer or soldier in the Army oi Navy or ma-
rine corps; and if ho shall pay one fourth part of the pur-
chase money, a certificate shall be given him, and lie shall
have the term of three years m which to pay the remainder,
either in money or in certificates of indebtedness liom the
United States; and any citizcn of the United States being
the head of a family, and residing in the State or distuct
whcie said lands aresituatc,andnottheownerof anyother
lands, may, under such tules as may be established by said
board of commissioners, have the right to enter upon and
acquire the rights of preemption in such lands as may be
unimproved and as may be selected by said board of com-
missioners, under the direction of the President, from time
to time for such purpose.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the proceeds of
said leases and sales shall he paid into the Treasury of the
United States, one fourth of which shall be paid over to the
Governor of said State wherein said lands are situated, or
his authoiized agent, when such insurrection shall bo put
down, and the people shall elect a Legislature and State
officers who shall take an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States, and such fact shall be proclaimed by
the President, for the purpose of leimbuising the loyal cit-
izens ot said State, or for such other purpose as said State
may direct; and one fouith shall also be paid over to said
State as a fund to aid in the colonization or emigration fioin
said State of any free person of African descent who may
desire to remove therefrom to Ilayti, Liberia, or any other
tropical state or colony.
Sit. 14. And be it further enacted, That in case the rec-
oids of the assessments and valuation of the lots of laud
mentioned in tho first section of this act shall be destioyed,
concealed, or lo&.t, so as not to come within the possession
of tho said boards of commissioner*, they shall be authorized
to take evidence of the same, or to value and assess the
same in their own judgment upon such evidence as may ap-
pear before them; and no mistake in the valuation of the
same, or in the amount of tax thereon, shall, in any man-
lier whatever, affect the validity of the sale of the same oi
of any of the proceedings prcliinmaiy theieto. All Mich
mistakes shall be a matter of account against the Tieasury
ot the United States.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
take effect from and after its passage.
Those arc its provisions. They speak for
themselves. If we undertake to touch the land
of these rebels, and to give title to those who set-
tle on it, I would give a valid title, good against
all comers, in fee simple, forever; a title that will
be adjudged good in all courts and places. Of
what avail would it be to give purchasers a pre-
tended title to real estate if, the moment they
came into court, they found there was no foun-
dation for their title? I would not hold an idle
promise to the ear, and break it to the hope. I
would make it a reality indeed. My Anglo-Saxon
instincts for land, my desire to punish, ay, to de-
stroy the leaders of these infernal traitors who have
brought on the war against the best Government
of earth, areas strong as those of any other man.
I would take their lands, and let our soldiers buy
them and occupy them. I would take their lands
and let the poor non-slaveholding whites around
them enterthem,and even take preemption rights
in the unoccupied lands of the rebel chieftains
throughout all the insurrectionary districts. All
this I would do. But in proceeding towards it, I
would proceed in such manner as to make sure
of it; not to make a sudden snatch at it, and fail
in obtaining it. I would hold it by a title that
would stand judicial investigation; that would
stand before the Constitution when this war, with
all its passions and excitements, is past; when
calm reason shall again assert her peaceful sway
in all courts and places, and before the tribunals
of the civilized world.
Mr. President, I desire now to call the attention
of the Senate to that clause of the Constitution
giving war power to this Government to put down
insurrection. Upon this subject there is a con-
flict of opinion; one maintained by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and the
other by his colleague, [Mr. Browning.] But
that difference is not so much as to the power,
nor as to " who shall exercise it," for both place
it in the Executive, as whether the Constitution
gives him that power, or whether he is clothed
with it by act of Congress. What does the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois [13£r. Trumbull] pro-
pose? In the conversational debate between him
and me the other day, lie said that under his bill
no property was to be confiscated until actually
seized, and farther, that no property was to be
seized except in the discretion of the President.
The other honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Browning,] says the President has that^ power
already, under the Constitution, without any act
of Congress; that he already has this discretion-
ary power to seize any of the property, and that
he needs no legislation to clothe him with that
power. The only difference then on that point
is simply this: one Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Browning] holds thatthePresidenthas that power
now as the supreme Executive; the other Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] insists that he has
not that power until Congress shall delegate it to
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The honorable Senator
from Wisconsin did not quite understand me, I
imagine. I certainly did not say that no property
could be seized under this bill except in the dis-
cretion of the President. None could be seized
in the disloyal districts where the courts arc over-
borne except in his discretion, but in the loyal
States of the Union the President has nothing to
do with it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I referred to those sections
of the bill relating to the insurrectionary districts.
In the loyal States, as a matter of course, the Sen-
ator from Illinois does notclaim that the President
is acting under the war power; that he is to go
with an army to seize property there; it is only
where the insurrection holds sway that war meas-
ures are to be (£kcn by the President.
And now, air, upon this very point, contested
as it is here, I still believe that if referred to five
or seven gentlemen of this body, to be selected by
the President pro tempore, [Mr. Foot,] it would be
possible to draw a bill in which all who desire
earnest and efficient practical measures to suppress
this rebellion agree. I am sanguine that it could
be done. But our friends think otherwise, and
therefore this matter must be discussed in open
Senate which would be discussed far better, m my
opinion, where gentlemen m free conference in
committee can sit down together and in conversa-
tional debate take up these various propositions,
section by section, and compare thorn together.
I have never believed that the friends of the coun-
try could notagree. There may be difficulties, it is
true, but they are not insurmountable. I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Browning,] in his speech, to say that although he
believes the President now has power to make
these seizures of rebels' slaves, and of rebel prop-
erty, as war measures, and that Congress by law
cannot enlarge his authority to make them, in
short, that such law would give him no more power
than he now possesses; still, he would not see any-
thing in a bill declaring that the President might
exercise that power which could not receive his
support. He could regard it as a declaratory act,
not conferring power upon, but recognizing exist-
ing power in the Executive; and certainly such
an act, if the President has not that power under
the Constitution, would confer it upon him.
But, sir, another question arises—what mayor
may not be the subject of capture? We all know
that by the law of nations which existed at the
time,or the modern usage of civilized nations hav-
ing the force of law when the Constitution was'
formed, private property on land was not subject
to capture on land unless it was contraband of
war. No man, I believe, will deny that. Indeed,
our Government has, from the beginning, urged
as a new principle, to be adopted in the code of
civilized nations, that private unarmed ships, car-
rying neutral goods, should not be subject to cap-
ture on the sea, and, as late as the Paris confer*
cnce, when Marcy, the great man of Pierce's
cabinet, agreed to accept their proposition to abol-
ish privateering, provided they would agree to
abolish all war on private property on the ocean
not contraband. As the model Republic of the
world, as foremost among the Christian nations,
that idea has been cherished in our policy. It
began with Benjamin Franklin, and has been ad-
vocated by all our great men in the interests of
freedom, humanity, and peace, from the begin-
ning to this hour. Not only was the law of na-
tions had in view by our fathers when they made
the Constitution, but they expressly recognized in
