1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
Now, the building; of those new wings of the
Capitol was originally placed under the control of
the Interior Department; but I understand—and I
confess that I have learned nearly all I know about
the matter from listening to the remarks of the
Senator from "Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] who seemed
to be entirely familiar with the facts when the res-
olution was under the consideration of the Senate
—I say, I understand that a contract was origin-
ally entered into by the Interior Department for
the building of the new wings for something; like
$2,500,000.
But, as was stated by my colleague on the com-
mittee, when Mr. Pierce was President of the
United States, he transferred the building of the
wings of the Capitol to Jeff Davis, the then Secre-
tary of War. Since General Meigs has been the
superintendent, the cost of this work has run up to
§7,000,000. Ithas therefore, sir, cost more to the
Government under the War Department superin-
tendency than it would if the work had been re-
tained under the control of the Interior Depart-
ment. How, then, with any good reason, can
the gentleman ask that this work shall still be left
with the War Department? It would seem that
this is to be keptas a nest-egg for General Meigs
after this war is over. I put it to the House, sir,
whether General Meigs, the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, has not his hands full without being com-
pelled to supeiintend the construction of this and
other public works? I beg leave to call the at-
tention of the House to a few statements made
in the Senate by Senator Foot, of Vermont. I
read from his speech:
" I have been here in the Senate, Mr. President, as well
as yourself, from the commencement of this work, and pro-
fess to know something about it, and of the manner in which
H has been conducted. The original estimate of the cost of
these extensions,upon the plan thcnappioved and adopted,
was but ($2,670,000. Permit me to present this point a little
more in detail. The first appropriation foi the Capitol
extension was made in September, 1850, in the following
words:
(\c One hundred thousand dollars for the extension of the
United States Capitol, to be expended under the direction
of the Piesident, by buch architect as he may appoint.'
" Nothing was said about ever putting it under the super-
intendency of the War Depattment. Nu one at mat tune
dioamed of placing it undei such a superiutendoncv. in
pursuance of this act, Mr. Fillmore appointed Thomas U.
Walter, of Philadelphia, a gentleman of the highest emi-
nence m his piofession, us the architect, and placed the
woik under the jurisdiction and general supei vision of the
Depaitmcnt of the Interior. Upon the accession of Mr.
Pierce to the Presidency, and the appointment of Jefferson
Davis as Secretary of War, the superintendency of tins
work was immediately tiansferred from the Interior Depart-
ment to the Department of War, and an officer ol the Aimy
was detailed to take it in ehaige. This tran&lei was made
on the 4th of April, I65M, at which time all the foundations
of the builduig were completed, and a part of the ha-emcnt
stoiy erected. Immediately after the transfer of the work
from the Interior Departine'nt to the Department of War,
the Secretary of War, or the superintendent, bv his direc-
tion, ordered the architect to chanzc the original plans of
the building, so as to icmove the halls of Con re-a Irom the
western fronts to the center of the wings. This necessa-
rily involved the construction of additional foundations at
vast expense, and of an indefinite delay in the completion
of the work. He also ordered the introduction into the plans
of four grand stairways, to be constructed of fancy polished
maible, and also the construction of a maible corridor, ex-
tending through j he southern wing; and other material and
expensive change? were ordered. So that it appeals, fiom
an estimate submitted to Congress in ]&56, the total co:-t
of the building was estimated at .$5,510,000, of which
$2,675,000 had then been appropiiated.iequiring 52,835,000
still to be appropriated in order to complete The work upon
the changed plans—the military plans, the Jefferson Davis
plans. But in&tend of tin* mud being sufficient, there have
been appropriated $3,606,000, or $'771,000 moie than this
estimate, and to which there must bo added at least
§1,OOOjOUO more, in order to bring the woik to completion."
The Senator goes on then to give a statement of
the appropriations made from year to year. They
are not necessary to be recited here, howevpj*.
Now, I am willing—and I think that this House
would be willing—since an appropriation has been
made for the completion of the Capitol, that we
should go on and complete it as far as that sum
will do it. But the Senate has seen fit, on motion
of Senator Sherman, to put a restriction upon the
appropriation, that only so much shall be used as j
will finish the dome and protect the cornices from
the inclemency of the weather. That precludes
the completion of the staircases under this appro-
priation, and for one I would be willing to finish
them. 1 would vote, also, the sum necessary to
complete the dome. Any gentleman who passes
through the dome after a snow or ram storm, will
see the injury that will be the result if the dome
is left in its present unfinished condition. The
v/alls arc damp, the pictures aie damp, and the
floor is covered with water. Let us put the work
m the hands of some one who can go on at once and
finish the dome, which General Meigs certainly
cannot do. Therefore I sincerely hope that this
House will concur in the resolution of the Senate.
I do not know why it is that gentlemen are
uneasy about the transfer of the superintendency
of this work to the Interior Department, i take
it for granted that there is no officer there who
ought not to be trusted, and if there is, he ought
to be removed.
I will state a further fact. The capitals and
columns ready to be put up are every day being
mutilated by strangers and soldiers who visit the
city. They knock off cornices and put them into
their pockets to carry away with them as me-
morials of their trip to Washington. I think that
ail these capitals ought to be put up. Let us at
least pass this resolution, and protect this building,
which has cost us so much, from the inclemencies
of the weather.
Mr. TRAIN. Mr. Speaker, I have no quar-
rel, as the gentleman from Kentucky would seem
to intimate, with General Meigs. The gentleman
looks upon this resolution as a blow at General
Meigs. Now, I have nothing against that officer;
but, sir, for some reason or other, he declines to
take any action in regard to the suggestionsmade
to him by the committees of both branches of
Congress for the protection of this building from
the weather. He has more business already than
any two men should undertake, yet he will not
enter an order or give a diiection to allow any-
thing to be done to preserve this building from de-
struction. The chairman of the committee on the
part of the Senate and myself went during the ex-
tra session in July, and twice during this session,
to ask him to permit Mr. Fowler to putup the iron
which is rusting and wasting in the Capitol
grounds; but, for some reason, he declines to do
so; The Secretary of War agrees that the com-
mittees are right, but he declines to give the order
to General Meigs, because lie has now more busi-
ness than he can attend to already. They cannot
answer questions, much less attend to this busi-
ness, at the War Department. And in the mean
time this work, which originally was under the
control of Mr. Walter, one of the most eminent
architects in the country, is to remain in the con-
dition in which you find it to-day. Shall that be
permitted, or shall it be saved from destruction?
I do not desire to go through the history of this
matterjgentlemen will find it all m the Globe. The
chairman of the committee on the part of the Sen-
ate has stated it with great particularity. But
I do desire to call attention to the fact that all this ;
proposition designs is the completion of the dome,
for which the money has already been appropri-
ated. The iron is at hand, and it ought to he put
up. The mechanical works ncccssary to cany
on the work are exposed to the weather, and if we
allow a continuance of delay under the superin-
tendency of General Meigs, until the close of the
war, we will find these works rotted down, and
that new ones will have to be constructed at an
expense of thousands of dollars. Everything is
ready for the completion of the dome now, and I
say that it ought to be completed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Would not the adop-
tion of the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. McPherson] accomplish the
purpose which the gentleman has in view ?
Mr. TRAIN. I have not seen it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It directs the Pres-
ident to order the work on the dome to be pro-
ceeded with, and that the building shall be pre-
seived from dilapidation.
Mr. TRAIN. The President does not wish to
be troubled with the work of completing the Cap-
itol, for he has enough to attend to already. The
Interior Depai tment ought properly to have the
control of this work. I
Mr. McKNIGHT. Let me ask the gentleman !
from Massachusetts whether General Meigs has
not now, in addition to his duties as Quartermas-
ter General, the superintendency of the construe- j
tion of the water works and the extension of the j
Treasury buildingr I
Mi. TRAIN. He has the control of the water j
works and the extension of the Post Office build- j
ing. Now, the water works will tumble in before j
this war is over, and then we will have to begin  
again unless the work is transferred from the J
hands of General Meigs to those of somebody who j
can attend to it. He has a laudable ambition to dis- i
tinguish himself by the completion of all of these
works. It would be a nice little entertainment for
the decline of his life. But in the mean time are
we to suffer loss because he will not allow Mr.
Walter, who has far more judgment and capacity
than General Meigs, to complete the dome?
Mr. WRIGHT. Are not the Senate and House
committees in favor of this transfer to the Interior
Department?
Mr. TRAIN. They are, unanimously.
Mr. WRIGHT. That satisfies me; and I am
willing to sustain the committees. I think that
this work belongs to the Secretary of the Interior,
and it is proper that we should give him the con-
trol of it.
Mr. TRAIN. If gentlemen would go about
this building on such a day as Saturday last, after
a fall of snow, and sec the water permeating into
the committee-rooms and into the halls, and
everywhere else where the water could find a
crevice, they would be satisfied that something
should be done to preserve the building from going
to decay. I agree with my colleague on the com-
mittee from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McKnight,] that
the best thing we could do would be to order this
Capitol completed at once; and that under the
control of Mr. Walter it would he completed for
much less money than it could be under any Army
officer you could appoint. My experience with
these gentlemen of the engineer corps is, that they
are very excellent engineers, and that they can
disburse money very readily, but that they have
no idea of economy in expenditures. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, and under the
operation thereof the resolution was ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accoidingly read the
third time.
Mr. TRAIN. I demand the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was passed.
Mr. TRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
OPINIONS OF ATTORNEYS GENERAL.
Mr. RIDDLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
ficsolvcd, That the President of the United State? be re-
quested to have piepared and to communicate to this House,
at the commencement of the next session, all the opinions
of the Attorneys Genual of the United States delivered
since the date of the last of said opinion^ published by au-
thority of Congrev, which give construction to public laws
not of a tcmpoiary character.
CONSTRUCTION OF A SHIP CANAL.
Mr. BLAIR,, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report back from
the Committee on Military Affairs, a bill (H.R.
No. 288) for constructing a ship canal for the
passage of armed and naval vessels from the Mis-
sissippi river to Lake Michigan,and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. COX objected.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. I move to suspend
the rules for that purpose.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I renew it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to suspend
the rules
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
On a division, no quorum appearing to have
voted—
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
ordor. I ask that the bill be reported, as no quo-
rum seems to have voted, and gentlemen do not
appear to know what the bill is.
The bill was read in cxtenso.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays upon a suspension of the rules,and called
for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hickman
and Ancona were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-one, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and there were—yeas 59,
nays 48; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Aid rich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
