1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261'9
accepts the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be incorporated in the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest, in regard to
the idea of limiting the duration of this statute,
that 1 hope, if it is passed at all, it will be passed
as if it was to be a permanent law of the land.
"When the Congress of the United States gets sick
of it, 1 suppose they will have power, if they are
lucky in the progress of the revolution, to re-
peal it.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest that the Secretary be
directed to read the amended bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the bill as it has been modified.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted,^'c., That in addition to the existing causes
of disqualification and challenge of grand and petit jurors
in the courts of the United States, the following aic hereby
declared and established, namely, without duress and coer-
cion to have taken up arms, or to have joined any insurrec-
tion and rebellion, against the United States; to have ad-
hered to any rebellion, giving it aid and comfort; to have
given, directly or indiiecfly, any assistance m money,arms,
horses, clothes, or anything whatever, to or for the use or
benefit of any person'or persons whom the person giving
such assistance knew to have joined, or to be about to join,
any insurrection or rebellion, or to have resisted, oi to be
about to resist, with foice of arms, the execution of the Jaws
of the United States, or whom he had good giound to be-
lieve had joined, oi was about to join, any insurrection or
rebellion, or had resisted, or was aboutto jesist, with force
of arms, the execution of the laws of the United States ;
and to have counseled and advised any person or persons
to join any insurrection and rebellion, or to resist with force
of arms the laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it fuithcr enacted, That at eacii and every
term of any court of tiie United States, the diftiict attor-
ney, or other person acting for and on behalf of the United
States in said eouit, may move, and the court m their dis-
-cretion may require, the cleik to tender to eacli and every
person who may be summoned to seive as a giand or petit
jurororvenireman ui&atd couit,the foiiowingoath or affirm-
ation, viz: •* You do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the ea e
may be) that you will suppoit the Constitution ot the United
States of Ameiica; that > on have not, without dm ess and
constraint, taken up arm*, or joined any insurrection oi re-
bellion, against the United States; that you have not ad-
hered to any insurrection or rebellion, giving it aid and com-
foit; that you have not^iiiectlv or indirectly, given any
assistance in money, or any other thing, to any person or
persons whom you knew, or had good ground to believe, had
joined, or was about to join, said insuriecJton and rebellion,
or had resisted, or was about to lesist, with foice of arms,
the execution of the laws of the United Slates; and that
you have not counseled or advised any person or poisons
to join any rebellion against, or to resist, with foi ce of ai ms,
the laws of the United States." Any person or persons de-
clining to take said oath, shall be discharged by the court
from seiving on the giand or petit juiy, or venire, to which
he mav have been summoned.
Sec" 3. Jind be it fuither enacted, That each and every
pci->on who .shall take the oath hciein piesctibed, and who
shall swear falsely to any matter of tact embtaced by it,
shall be held to have committed the cume of perjury, and
shall be subject to the pains and penalties deckued against
that ciime.
Mr.HALE. I desire to suggestavcrbalamend-
ment. We have not in New Hampshire, and I
presume there are not in the New England States
generally, any men called u veniremen." We
call them " talesmen." I suggest the insertion of
the words " or talesman" after " venireman."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
offer an additional section to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not in
an amendable position, except by the unanimous
consent of the Senate. The question is on its
passage.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I shall not
insist upon offering an amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. I presume it is useless to at-
tempt to detain the Senate by assigning any rea-
sons why this bill should not pass, but I see that
it was reported upon adversely as originally pre-
sented by the Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom it was referred; and as it is now printed it has
never, I believe, been considered by that commit-
tee. I think the measure is one, at least, of doubt-
ful policy. I do not like the multiplicity of oaths.
It seems to me to be detracting from the sacred-
ness of an oath. It may be that there are Slates
in this Union where some difficulty may be ex-
perienced m obtaining a jury under this bill. We
do not know to what extent the "aid and com-
fort," covered by the general phrase of this bill,
has been fiven from compulsion, and this may
put it ill the powei uf those who have personal
piques to gratify to mdict those who live m their
midst for, us they may allege, swearing falsely.
This bill as now proposed to be adopted does
not make it obligatory upon the courts or upon
the district attorneys in the various courts of the
United States to put this oath to each and every
man who is presented as a grand juror or as a
venireman; it leaves it in the power of the dis-
trict attorney to single out, if he pleases, one to
whom he may have personal ill will, and move
the court to demand of him, and not of others who
may present themselves, that he shall take this
oath. Does it not give a power that maybe wielded
for the very worst of purposes and prompted by
the worst of motives, not to aid in the furtherance
of justice, but in reality for the purpose of en-
abling the individual to punish a personal enemy?
And may itnot be very difficult under the circum-
stances, in many of the States of this Union, toget a
jury that can take this oath ? If this rebellion has
in some of the States reached the magnitude that
we are bound to believe it has, if almost every in-
dividual competent and qualified as a juror has
been compelled, either from fear or from other
causes, which he cannot prove before a court of
justice, to lend in some shape or other aid or com-
fort to the insurgents, a man in that position,
although at his heart he feels that he is not sub-
ject to any just suspicion, yet being unable to
prove the influences that were brought to bear
and that forced him to act as he had done, is either
excluded from serving as a juror or is placed in
the power of a personal enemy, to prosecute him
for perjury if he takes this oath. I heard from
very high authority not long since, given upon
the statement of a respectable minister of the Gos-
pel, that while almost every business house in the
city of Charleston had, through fear of the conse-
quences of refusal, contributed in some way or
other to the support of this rebellion, yet in the
knowledge of that minister of the Gospel a large
class of the business and mercantile community
of Charleston were sound Union men. I know
that it is so in portions of the Slate which I have
the honor in part to represent on this floor.
I have always felt it to be sound policy not to
multiply oaths, not to require oaths to be admin-
istered, except m cases where it is absolutely ne-
cessary. The frequent repetition of an oath famil-
iarizes the people too much to it, and it loses that
sacrcdness and solemnity which should always
surround an appeal to the Author of our existence
as to the truth of what we say. By its frequent
use, the people are not apt to look upon it in the
light in which it ought to be viewed. I doubt
the policy of the passage of this bill, and trust it
may be the pleasure of the Senate at least to post-
pone it until we can consider further of it; and with
that view, I move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed until the first Monday of
December next.
Mr. HALE. I think nothing is clearer than
that traitors should not sit on juries to try persons
accused of treason, and it is with that view that
the Senator from Kentucky drafted the bill. As
it was originally drafted, it was liable to the ob-
jection which has been made, because it required
the oath absolutely to be submitted to everybody,
that he had not directly or indirectly aided in re-
bellion in any way. On my stating that objection
in the Senate, the Senator fiom Kentucky had
the kindness and candor to come to me, and say
he thought there was force in it, and he would
endeavor to avoid it, and he did. He redrafted
the bill, so as to give the districtattorney the dis-
cretion to require the oath; and when I suggested
to him that I thought the discretion might be more
safely reposed m.the court, he assented to it, and
the bill has been amended according to these two
suggestions. The objections of the Senator from
Virginia are objections that might apply to the bill
in the first instance, but not now. He says it will
give opportunity for the malice of enemies. Sir,
so long as we have courts we must have confi-
dence m them, and it is not safe to base our legis-
lation upon the idea that the courts will abuse
the discretion that is leposed in them. If the
Senate mean to putany restriction and to exclude
traitors and rebels from juries to try rebels, it
seems to me that it can be effected in no manner
so unexceptionable as by the bill as it nowstands;
and I look upon the motion to postpone as equiv-
alent to its defeat.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I suppose there can
be no doubt that Congress has the right to define
the qualifications of grand and petit jurors in all
of the courts of the United States. Our powerto
define the qualifications of jurors, I take it for
granted, is admitted by all parties. Then, the
question arises whether sufficient guarantees are
thrown around the selection of jurors to-insure
impartial and competent jurors. In many of the
States in the West with which I am familiar,
these j u rors are selected from the bystanders; th ere
is no list made out in advance, and if there is a
bailiff or marshal having a bias in the case, it is
the easiest thing in the world to select a jury fa-
vorable to the defendant. 1 suppose in many of
the States affected by the rebellion, if some such
provision as this is not provided by law, a trial
for treason will be a mere mockery, it will be ut-
terly impossible to secure an impartial jury in
any other way than by the provisions of this bill.
The whole matter is referred to the marshal, and
then to his deputies or bailiffs, and they select
from the bystanders, and they may pack a jury
for the defense, so that the United States may
never have a fair trial. I think then that the pro-
visions of this bill are perfectly proper and right.
One objection to the bill is that it is too sweep-
ing in its character. Sir, the nature of the evil-
intended to be guarded against is also sweeping
in its character; and it will not exclude from the
jury box any man competent to sit, foraman who
will aid and abet a rebellion, an insurrection, is
not a proper juror in any case. Thisbill excludes
him, and there is no hardship in it. If he is chal-
lenged and the cause of challenge is sustained by
the court, what is the penalty? Simply that he
is not permitted to sit on the jury; but it is no
very high privilege to be permitted to sit on a jury
in case of felony, and the only penalty here is
that he is excluded from the jury box.
Another argument used against this bill by the
distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowan] a few days since was, that we should not
perpetuate the memory of this rebellion by legis-
lation. I undertake to say that we should per-
petuate the memory of this rebellion by legislation,
and by every other possible means. We should
embalm in history and in song the prowess and
self-sacrificing patriotism of our soldiers. We
should build monuments in their honor upon every
battle-field. We should hang up the conquered
flags of our enemies as trophies in these national
halls. We should make a division line, as broad
as that between Dives and Lazarus, between the
rebellious citizens of the seceded States and the
true, loyal citizens of the United States. We
should perpetuate, we should be careful to per-
petuate, in history and legislation every possible
distinction between rebellion and patriotism. I
say, then, that so far from any evil resulting from
this statute, it should be held up forever as a ter-
ror to others in like cases offending.
Then there is another argument used by the
distinguished Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Car-
ule,] that the oath may be used for oppressive
purposes, or may be unavailing. That is not an
argument against the test oath in this case, but it
is an argument against an oath in every case, for
it may be abused in every possible case. Yet our
whole system of jurisprudence is founded upon
the idea that there is something sacred and bind-
ing in the character of an oath, and that men will
not voluntarily commit perjury. I see no possi-
ble hardship in requiring men, before they are
permitted to sit on a grand inquest to indict trai-
tors or upon a traverse jury for their trial, to
swear that they are and have been loyal to the
Government under whose authority they con-
vened as jurors, and which alone gives sanction
to the judgment of the court.
Mi. CARLILE. Will the Senator from In-
diana allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. With great pleasure.
Mr! CARLILE. As the bill has been amended,
it does not make this a universal rule, it does not
make it a qualification of a juror, but it le ives it
to the discretion of the district attorney. The dis-
trict attorney in one court may require this oath
to be administered; in another he may not. It is
to be moved, in the first instance, by the distiict
attorney, and, at the discretion of the court, to be
administered. I would greatly prefer the bill if it
was universal and obligatory; but it seems to me
it makes invidious distinctions. In a court in one
distnet the oath may be required; in a court in
another district it may not be required. In the
State of New Hampshire or Indiana, for instance,
