APPENDIX TO THE CONGffiESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
37th Gong.... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Boolittle.
Senate.
it the binding force of the law of nations. One of
tfce powers given to Congress is this:
' " To define and punish picacies and felonies committed
oit tire liigli seas, and offexses against the law of NA-
TION'S. ' m -
What does that mean ? The clause of the Con-
stitution recognizes the law of nations existing at
the time when- it was, formed. As all know, or
intty know ♦ho will inquire, by the established
usage of civilized nations for a century before the
Constitution wasadopted, private property on land
was not the subject of capture, unless made con-
traband of war. Now, as to what is or is not con-
traband of war there is no fixed rule, and there-
fore there is another provision in the Constitution
■which of itself gives to Congress a distinct sub-
stantive power—power to make rules concerning
captures both 011 land and on water. In a case
^niclt has been so often cited in the Senate, Jus-
tice Marshall says:
" It would he restraining thiseluuso within narrower lim-
its than iho words themselves impoit, to say that the power
to mtike rules conemuii<j on land and water is to I
bo confined to captures whl^h are ex-territorial. II'it ct- I
tends to rules respecting enemy property found within the [
territory, then we pciceive an cypress grant to Congress
of the power in question, as an independent, substantive
power, not Included in that of declaring war."—Brown vs.
VmieA Slates, 9 OraMlt, 125.
This power of regulating captures on land and
water is a distinct, independent, substantive power |
in- Congress. The case in which this was de- I
cided was this: there was some timber belonging
to a British subject, moored, I believe, at New- '
port, Rhode Island, and drawn out of the water
upon the land, nearly a year befow the war. The
district attorney of the United States filed a libel
to seize it as enemy property. Justice Story,in
the circuit court, sustained the proceeding. He
put iton the ground that, as war existed, by the
declaration of Congress, between the United States
and Great Britain, the supreme Executive, the
President, had the right to order the seizure of any
enemy property within the territory of the Uni-
ted States. It came up to the Supreme Court, and
was reversed. Justice Story, however, delivered
tuiissenting opinion. In order to understand pre-
cisely the point of difference between him and the
majority of the court overruling him, I will read
an extract from what he said :
" Tim sovereignty, as to Its execution, tests with tile Pres-
ident. If the Legislature tlo not limit the nature of the
war, an regulations nml rights of general wur attach
upon it. j do not, therefore, couicnd that modern usivoof
nuHoas consumes a nth; n<-tin« on onemv's nroncnv, so
to produce confiscution or it-^jf', and not through thesov-
tJiHjju power; on the contiaiy, t conM<lor cu<'iriy's piop-
my in no <'Hs>o wluiKouvnr eontiijcateri by fhi} mom deem-
ratiou of war; it Is only liable to be confiscated at the
discretion of Hie sovcroijrn pown having the conduct and
execution of the war. The modern n*m t; of nations re-
«ort«d to iimrelv as n limitation of tins discretion, not as
conhnrmg ifie authority to exercisc it. The sovem«ntvto
ox<H'U(e it is &U|>poM>d already to -exist in the Piesiilont bv
the vary terms ofthe Convtimtion; aad f would a«ain ask
« this general power to confiscate enemy's proneity does
liot oxU't In the KxecuLivc, to ho exerciscd in his discretion,
<> 1 ,lt> can have authority to aeisc and
cpmtecate any enrnv's property coming into the country
since tfte war, or I'outul in the enemy's territory? Vet I
understood th« opinion of my brethom to proceed uoon the
tacit acknowledgment that the Executive may seize and
SP^nciiy under the circumstances which I
have suited."—-8 tranche loh
This is from the dissenting opinion of Justice
Story. Tlie properly being propctty which was in
'thecountryatlhe time war was declared wasnotby
the modern usage of nations liable to confiscation.
Justice Story maintained that, although not con-
fiscated by the declaration of war, the President
was invested with the discretionary power to seize
Uu property, md he sustained the seizure; but the
bupieine Couit, Justice iMarshal] delivering the
opinion, held otherwise. They held that the°mere
declaration of war not only did not confiscate the
property m question, but they held further that it
did not authorize the seizure of enemy's property
by the President found within the territory, unless
Congress itsel f should first by law authorize him
to make the seizure. Justice Marshall goes on to
say that Congress possesses that power; that both
under their general power to declare war and un-
der their independent and substantive power to
make rules concerning captures on land and water
Congress has the power to declare that enemy's
propei ty found within the territory at the break-
ing out of hostilities might be confiscated.
1 therefore hold, sir, that under the Constitution
Congress has power to declare what shall and what
shall not be contraband of war, and subject to seiz-
ure. _ We cannot, it is true, do so so as to affect
the rights Or pi^perty of the citizens of foreign
countries. If we do., and yiolate the law of na-
tions in that respect, foreign nations may hold us
to an account. But as between us and our own
citizens, however, Congress has power to declare
what shall and. what shall not be the subject of
capture in war. No foreign Power has any right
to interfere between us and our own citizcns.
That is our business. It is none of theirs. We
are responsible to God alone. The law of nations
is to us, in that respect, a law upon our discretion.
Military necessity is acknowledged by all writers
to be a part of the law of nations, and, under some
circumstances, that may demand the capture and
confiscation of all kinds of personal property. But
within the meaning of this clause of the Constitu-
tion real estate is not the subject of capture. Cap-
ture is of that which can be made prize of war. It
must be personal property, personal estate. I
grant you, sir, that in the prosecution of war real
estate may be occupied; you may enter upon any
man's land, loyal or disloyal; dig it all up for in-
trenchments; coverit with fortifications; teardown
its houses, destroy fences, timber, any thing, every-
thing; trample everything in pieces. There is no
limit to the power of using real estate while the
war lasts; but when the war is over you cannot
pass title to real estate by an act of war, by any
military necessity. Your military necessity is a
war necessity. When the war ceases, the neces-
sity is gone. You might just as well say that, if
in a greatcityaconflagration were raging, and the
mayor of the city should, as he might, put pow-
der under the building of one of its best citizens
and blow it into the air to stop the progress of the
flames, lie could, at the same time, give a deed to
convey the title of the owner to the ground where
it stood after the fire was extinguished, as that you
can, by any proceedings in the. nature of war
measures or founded upon military necessity, un-
dertake to give title to real estate. The Govern-
ment, during the war, can occupy it as long as it
pleases; but it cannotgive title to the estate beyond
the war.
Mr. President, the modern law of nations is cer-
tainly clear as to what our belligerent rights over
leal estate would be if we were invading a foreign
jurisdiction. But,sir,wearenotinvadingaforeign
jurisdiction. We are simply engaged in suppress-
ing an armed rebellion within our own jurisdic-
tion. Wc are not invaders. We are not making
conquests, Our jurisdiction is rightful over all
this real estate. Every foot of it is ours now.
vVe cannot conquer our own. W^e may repos-
sess it, but not conquer it, for it is all ours now.
In point of law, in right, our jurisdiction from
here to the Gulf ofMexico, overevery footpf the
territory, is just as good under the Constitution
and before lugh Heaven now as it will be when
we have driven every rebel into the Gulf. We
may go upon it anywhere, everywhere, and use
it all if necessary to the prosecution of the war.
We may hold and occupy just as much or justas
little of it as we please. We are not subjugating
a foreign territory, and if we were, nothing is now
more ccrtam than that the title of private owners
would not be affected. We should only acquire
jui lsdiction to legislate for and govern it. Wo
are entering into our own. The title to real estate
within our jurisdiction must be tried and determ-
ined in the courts, upon record evidence of paper
title. How could any man give in evidence proof
o title passed by an act of the sword? How
snow that it passed from the owner, being a citi-
zen, without trial, without due process of law?
A gain, sir, the Constitution, as we have seen
in limitingtl,e punishment of treason, denies the
powei of Congress to reach the title to real estate
beyond the life of the traitors. Every one knows
that no man can beatraitorunder our Constitution,
rrrYeTn^r' 01"giving aid and comfort to
those who do. Levying war, they are all enemies
of course. Owing allegiance while levying war,
m.M a%nwe th?" enemies, they are rebel ene-
mies. lieason is the only word to express all
their guilt, and traitor the only word to define their
true charaetei\ Now,the Constitution expressly
«£?<>'KS   P°,nSress sim11 1101 forfeit their real
estate by attainder Or sentence for treason except
during their lives. How can any man contend
that one who has not been tried or found guilty
may be made to forfeit for his treason more than
one who has been found guilty? These ore ques-
tions upon which we must think and reason, and
take counsel, in the language of the Senator from
Vermont, of our judgments, and not of our resent-
ments.
They must stand the testof calm judicial inves-
tigation, when the war is over and all its passions
and excitements are passed away; when you and
1 and all of us may have passed from earth to give
an account before the great Judge of all.
Sir, 1 agree to, and there is great force in, what
was said by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Wright,] We may, and we ought to, take per-
sonal property to subsist the Army as it moves
into the strong insurrectionary districts, asamat-
terof military necessity. Let fair prices be always
paid to men who are loyal or not known to be dis-
loyal, and as to all, a just account should be taken
and kept by the Government, for the protection
of all good citizens, and to prevent the demorali-
zation of the officers and soldiers of the Army.
Sir, if gentlemen suppose that my views result
from too much clemency for the leaders in this
rebellion, they are greatly mistaken. No, sir;
no. The leading chiefs ought to suffer the ex-
tremest penalties of the law. Others still deserve
banishment, like the fallen angels from Heaven.
Justice should weave for them a "whip of scor-
pions, and lash them naked through the world."
But, sir, for the great mass of these misguided
people who have engaged in thisrebellion through
ignorance, through the intrigues and artful ap-
peals of the great conspirators, who for a whole
generation have been inflaming their prejudices and
passions up to the point of plunging the country
into this gigantic civil war, and for the majority
who have been carried into it by force and terror,
I do have feelings of clemency, and I would, upon
their submission to the laws and authority of the
Union, give them amnesty.
But I am of opinion, sir, that in relation to a
certain class of these rebels there is, perhaps, an-
other mode in which their real estate can be reached
and the title made perfect. I have in my mind
the case of Slidell, who, as I understand, owns a
laige amount of real estate both in Illinois and in
Wisconsin, as well as in Louisiana. I am of
opinion that where citizens have gone abroad to
foreign countries, and have there, outside of our
jurisdiction,engaged in acts of hostility to us, by
undertaking to obtain the recognition of this south-
ern confederacy as an independent government, it
would be within our power to declare persons
guilty of such acts in foreign countries beyond
our jurisdiction 110 longer citizens of the United
Slates, alien enemies, and to escheat their lands to
the United States, and their assigns forever. So,
too, perhaps—although that point, I confess, I
have not fully examined; I simply throw out the
suggestion—those persons who, after the passage
^heact, should be engaged in rebellion, and
should flee to foreign countries, going outside of
the jurisdiction of the United States altogether,
with the intention not to return, might be declared
to be no longer citizens of the United States, but
alien enemies and foreign enemies to the United
States; and perhaps their real estate might be
escheated for that reason. Of all other provis-
ions, this would reach the estates of the very class
we ought to reach, the Floyds, the Davises, the
fhe l'™'who w,1!Jl00 t!>c c°«n"y
when Richmond and Memphis fall into our hands.
it is no purpose of mine, sir, to take up the
time or delay the action of the Senate. I simply
CTeateoue°JXP1'eSS myi V1CWS Upon some of tl,ose
fhe Cnn«'! r S aSM 6 ?owers given to us under
Iv fr S , ,ave doneso, asbriefiy, frank-
y,and fieely, as I would converse with Senators
>n the committee-room, I still hope we may aeree
upon some proper measure. I confess to you that
bodyvotin "f Prf ' t0 See a" loyal merl irl thi8
to the toSotllori.on ,a proposition in relation
the confiscation of rebel property, I mav b?
more sangume than others; but I still believe we
may yet agree on some measure which will re-
thp^fri!*16) unit0^' 5°,rtii.a!.' al,t' hearty support of
the friends of the Administration; one which mav
be^at once an efficient means m putting down the
rebellion and id punishing its authors
