1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
when a man agrees to take so much coin at a fu-
ture day, he does it knowing that Congress has,
by the 6onstitution, power to regulate and change
the value of that coin.
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes, sir, and for that reason,
inasmuch as the Constitution allows us, as I con-
tend, the power to issue paper money, the man
who enters into a contract does it with the Con-
stitution before him. Now, allow me in turn to
put a question to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. Suppose gold and silver should be discov-
ered in such quantities in California, or within
the limits of the United States, as to make it as
plentiful as iron,as to make it useless as a money
standard, I wish to know whether it is not in the
power of Congress to substitute some other metal
which may be more desirable as a circulating me-
dium than gold?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That ques-
tion does not now arise.
Mr. HICKMAN. If that power be conceded,
then why not substitute paper, if that shall be
found more useful for that puipose?
Mr. BINGHAM. When I was intei-rupted by
my colleague, I was remarking upon the simple
proposition that the Constitution has nowhere de-
clared what shall be a legal tender in discharge of
obligations, public or private. I stated that there
was no such thing in the Constitution. I stated
the proposition that there never was in the United
States a provision to this end declaring a legal
tender applicable alike in State and Territory,
except by viitue of a law of Congress.
I repeat the statement, sir, that the Government
of the United Suites has more than once changed
the value of its own authorized current coin, and
also the value of the authorized current coin of
foreign countries; and has changed the law of
tender as to all contracts and debts, public and
private. I ask my colleague on the Committee
on the Judiciary to read a section of the law passed
by Congress during the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. HICKMAN read, as follows:
II Sec. 3 Jlnd be xt further enacted, That all former acts
authouzmg the cuuenoy of ibieign gold oi silver comb, and
declaring the same a legal tender m payment lor debts, are
hereby lepealed; but it shall be the duty of the diieetor of
the Mint to cause assays to be made, irom tube to tune, of'
fcuch foreign coins as may be known to our commerce, to
determine their average weight, fineness, and value, and
to embrace in his annual report a statement of the results
tlnyeof."
Mr. BINGHAM. That act was passed Feb-
ruary 21, 1857,. during the third session of the
Thirty-Fouith Congress. It is entitled " An act
relating to foreign coins, and to the coining of cents
at the Mint of the United States."
Now, sir, what was the result of that, suppos-
ing there was at that time in circulation—which I
think a low estimate—§10,000,000 of foreign coin
in the United States, with which any citizen, up
to the passage of that act, could discharge his
obligations? The moment that act took effect,
that right of the citizen ceased, and it was in vain
that he thereafter brought foreign coin, depreci-
ated in value, and declaied no longer a. legal tender,
and presented it to his creditor in dischaige of
his obligation. My friend would say that that
would be " impairing the obligation of contracts."
I do not so understand it. As I remember, there
is no such limitation as that imposed by the Con-
stitution upon the power of Congress. It is a
limitation confined exclusively to the States, and
it is worthy of notice in this connection, that the
express limitations imposed by the Constitution
upon the Congress of the United States are re-
peated in the Constitution, when intended to oper-
ate as limitations upon the power of the States.
For example: 44 Congress shall pass no bill of at-
tainder, or ex post facto law." This is repeated in
the Constitution, thus:
" No State shall pass any bill of attainder oi ex post facto
law.''
Again: " Congress shall grant no titles of nobil-
ity," which is repeated, that" no State shall grant
any titles of nobility." It was not by inadvert-
ence that the framersof the Constitution omitted
to impose upon Congress this express restriction
upon the States ngainstimpairing the obligation of
contracts. On the contrary, they intended what
has been assumed by my excellent friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas.] They proclaimed,
in the absence of such limitations, that whoever,
within the jurisdiction of the United States, en-
ters into any mere money contract, public or pri- \
vate, enters into it subject to the sovereign power
of the people, to determine at any time, by legisla-
tive enactment, what shall discharge it. It is of
the essence of the contract. This is all I have to
say on thatsubject, with this further remark: that
the statute of 1856, which my colleague has done
me the kindness to read, which declared that all
preexisting laws authorizing and providing that
foreign coin should be a lawful tender in the dis-
charge of debts, public and private, should be re-
pealed, has never, to this day, so far as I am ad-
vised, been adjudged unconstitutional in any court,
State or Federal.
I have said this much, Mr. Chairman, in jus-
tification of the general provisions of this bill. 1
do not like that phraseology of the bill, that these
issues shall be redeemable at the pleasure of the
United States. I have suggested to one or more
of the members of the committee to consent to
change that provision of the bill, so that they will
be redeemable at a certain time and a certain place.
Mr. HICKMAN. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will interrupt him. Suppose these
notes should be issued in the form now prescribed,
and made redeemable at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment? I think that makes them payable pres-
ently.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose they would if it
were not for the answer given to my colleague the
other day. I suppose, from the collocation of the
words, these notes were to be paid on demand;
but a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means explained to my colleague that the lan-
guage of the bill was misplaced m that regard.
Mr. HICKMAN. That is not my point. Sup-
pose a note should be issued by the Government
payable at the pleasure of the Government, would
not tho legal eifect of that bill be to make it pay-
able presently?
Mr. BINGHAM. It would, I think, invest the
Government with a discretion to pay to-day, or
to pay to-morrow, or withm any other reasonable
time.
Mr. HICKMAN. The legal effect would be
as I have stated it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The legal effect perhaps
would be that the Government is obliged to pay
it now, or on demand, if it had the money. I do
not intend to find any special fault with the bill
of the committee, as reported; but I prefer that the
notes should be made payable absolutely, at a cer-
tain day, in gold and silver. The com of the coun-
try, whether that coin be gold, or silver, or iron, is
that which is stamped with the measuie of value,
and which Congress is authorized to make the
standard of value. When you issue yourTreasury
notes calling for ten dollars to be paid presently,
or on a future day, you only know the import of
the words ten dollars by the value fixed by law
on the current legalized coin of the United States.
I have said that Congress has the general power
of regulating the value of current coin, and determ-
ining what shall be a legal tender without limita-
tion. That is the reasoning of Hamilton; that is
the reasoning of Webster—it is that the Govern-
ment of the United States should not issue a paper
cuncncy irredeemable in the lawful money of the
United States; that is to say, in the coin, either
domestic or foreign, legalized as money by the
United States. That I have gathered from all I
have seen from them on this subject.
Now, sir, I am not prepared to speak on the
merits of the substitute offered by my friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] for I have not seen it,
for the HMson that it has not been printed; and for
the same reason, I am not prepared to speak of the
merits of the substitute offered by the gentleman
from New York. I am only here to-day as a rep-
resentative of the people of the United States, to
claim for them the right to determine by law what
shall be currency in the commercial operations of
every State and every Territory in the Union, and
what shall be a lawful tender in discharge of debts,
public and private.
Mr. RIDDLE. Will my colleague permitme?
In the event that these notes are made a legal
tender, I wish to inquire of the gentleman whether
it is not lawful for any peison to provide in then-
contracts that those contracts shall alone be dis-
charged by gold and silver?
Mr. BINGHAM. Nobody denies it. They
can contract that they shall be discharged by the i
delivery of one hundred horned cattle, or one I
hundred bushels of wheat. No one has questioned :
that. The right of a man to make contracts, not
contrary to express law or public policy, under-
lies the machinery of Government, and is recog-
nized by it. There is no doubt about that. There
has been much stress in the argument touching
this bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, on the effect that it may have on local
bankers and brokers. That is the point of all
others which I hoped would not be pressed upon
this floor. What are local bankers; what are
brokers, or any man who hawks the credit of the
j Government in the markets of tho country, to
: make the best bargains for himself that he can;
! but dust in the balance compared to the rights
and interests of the people of this country. 1 am
not aware of any right which these jobbers have
to interpose here for a single momemthequestion
of their private gams against the interests of the
whole people. I am not unmindful that many
bankers and many brokers have been patriotic
and self-sacrificing in the cause of the country.
But, sir, we are not allowed to forget what the
Secretary of the Treasury has been reluctantly
compelled by the course of certain bankers and
brokers to communicate to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and through them to the House and
country. Let gentlemen who talk of disturbing
local or metropolitan bankers or brokers ponder
upon these words of Secretary Chase:
uThc provision making United States notes a legal
tender has doubtless been well considejed by the commit-
tee, amliheir conclusion n^eds no support from arty observa-
tion (it nunc. L think it my duty, however, to say that in
lesspcct to this provision my jcflcctions have conducted me
to the same conclusions they have reached. It is not un-
known to them that I have felt, uoi do 1 wiMi to conceal
that 1 now teel, agreataveision to making anything but coin
a legal tender in paymentof debts. It has been my anxious
wish to avoid the necessity of such legislation. It is, how-
ever, at present impossible, m consequence of the large ex-
pendituies entaded by th£war, and the suspension of the
banks, to piocure sufficient coin for disbuisemenjgVimd it
has iheielbrc become indispenr-ably nccccsary "Tfftit we
should icsoittothe issue of United States notes. The mak-
ing them a legal tender might, however, still be avoided it
the willingness manifested by the people generally, by rail-
road companies, and by many of the banking institutions,
to receive and pay them as money in all transactions, were
absolutely oi piactieally univeisal; but unfortunately there
arc some }icrsons and some institutions which refuse to re~
ceii c and jxiy them, and whose action tends, not merely to the
tmnccasai ydcpi caution of the notes, but to establish discrim-
inatiow, in business against those who in this matter give a
cordial support to the Government, and in favor of those who
do not. Hueh disciimmations should, if possible, he pre-
vented ; and the pioviMon making the notes a legal tender,
in a gicat measure at lea<t, pievents it, by putting all citi-
zen-', m this lespect, on the same level, both of lights and
duties."
1 take it, sir, that much of the outcry against
the proposed legislation to make the notes a legal
lender comes from that source, those persons and
institutions which aie unwilling and refuse to re-
ceive or pay out the Government notes; for if the
bill passes the occupation of such ShyJocks will
be gone. If you issue these bills, and make them
a lawful tender by authority of the United States,
to the amount of $100,000,000, and throw them
upon the market, there would be nothing for these
gentlemen to make by refusing to receive or pay
yo«r notes. The notes would be of equal value
at every point, and the brokers would not be able
to make their one, two, and three per cent., either
off your soldier or anybody else, on an exchange
between Cincinnati and New York. The man
who happened to hold for the time being a Treas-
ury note redeemable at his pleasure, or on short
time, in gold and silver, and to the redemption
of which the faith and wealth of the nation were
pledged, would hold at least as safe a security for
his money as hecould find in any suspended bank
paper, or in any individual or corporation draft.
It is, sir, precisely because these persons and in-
stitutions refuse to receive or pay the notes of the
United States that I am constrained to believe that
Congress should by law declare these notes a legal
tender, and thereby admonish these persons that
they cannot control the authority of the American
people to protect their own interests in this behalf.
Mr. HARRISON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question upon the point of power. Is there
any distinction or difference, so far as the ques-
tion of power is concerned, between a provision
m an act of Congress providing that Treasury
notes payable on demand shall be a legal tender,
and a provision that Treasury n^tes payable at
the pleasure of the Government shall be a legal
tender?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know that there is,
except this: I have already intimated that I do
