1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
had insisted upon its disagreement to certain
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. It. No.
259) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1863, insisted on by the Sen-
ate, agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and hfid appointed Messrs. Justin S. Mor-
rill of Vermont, Schuyler Colfax of Indiana,
and Aaron A. Sargent of California, managers
at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had insisted upon its disagreement to certain
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
242) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th of
June, 1862, insisted on by the Senate, agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Justin S. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Mr. JamlsK.Mooriidad of Pennsylvania,
and Mr. Edward PI. Rollins of New Hamp-
shire, managers at the same on its part.
ELECTORS IN WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.'
271) prescribing the qualification of electors in the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, m the
District of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. GRIMES. This bill, although not before
presented and relened to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, has been considered by that
committee at a full session, and 1 am mstiucted
by the unanimous vote of the whole committee to
ask for its present consideration.
Mr. CARLILE Has the bill been printed?
Mr. SAtJLSBURY. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
advised that it is not printed. Docs the Senator
from Dclawaie object to the present consideiation
of the bill ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
The PR ESI D ENTpro tempore. Objection being
made, it will lie over under the rule.
PEDRO CIIABOYA.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up a
private bill which I reported some two weeks ago.
I have no particular interest in the bill; but as I
reported it, I feel it my duty to call it to the atten-
tion of the Senate, it is for the relief of a party
in California, merely to enable his case to be heard
on its met its, where,! think unjustly, it has been
technically decided against him on the giound of
jurisdiction. The case will speak for itself, how-
ever, whijn the bill and the report which accom-
panies it are read.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, pi oceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 106) to authorize the Supreme
Court of the United States to adjudicate and de-
cide upon its merits the case now pending therein
of Pedro Chaboya against the United States, which
had been reported fiom the Committee on the
Judiciary with an amendment in the fonn of a
substitute.
The Secretary proceeded to read the original
bill.
Mr. BAYARD. It is hardly worth while to read
the original bill. The amendment can be read.
The only difference consists in this: the objeetof
the original bill is to give jurisdiction to the Su-
preme Court to try the cause, which we consid-
ered unconstitutional; but the bill, as amended,
authoi izf's the case to be he.-u d on its mei us m the
distiiet court of the United States for the northern
dismet of California, subject to an appeal. If the
amendment i-s i cad, H will explain exactly the bill
before the Semite
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
of the original bill will he omitted, and the amend-
ment proposed by the committee will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of the preamble and the bill alter the en-
acting clause, and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That the dtstnct courtof tne United £tat"S tot the n rath-
em district ot ('ahloi ma bo. and is inn''In, authorized and
required to henr ami divide upon the niei it- of the cutim of'
Pedi o Chabo) a to a iru-t of J nid desciibed in hi* amended
petition, filed in bani eouit on the loth da\ of June, lc57,
and called La I'usa de San Juan Batm-'ta. m the same
manner and with the same jurisdiction as if the claim to
the said tract of land had been duly pi evented to the boaid
of land commissioners under the ptovisioris of The act
entitled "An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in tnc State of California,5' appiovcd March 3,1851,
and an appeal had been duly taken fiom then decision to
the said distiiet couit by the said Chaboya.
Sec. 2. Jiml be it further enacted, That on the paid hear-
ing the testimony heretofoietaken in said court m relation
to the said claim on behalf of the said claimant, or of the
United States, may be read, subject to ail just exception5! to
its competency, and additional testimony on either part
may be taken under the direction and oider of said court
as to the validity of said claim oi the extent thereof.
c. 3. And be it further enacted, That an appeal maybt}
taken horn the final decision and decree of said distiiet
court to the Snpieme Coint of the United States? by either
party in accoidanee with the piovisions of the tenth sec-
tion of the said aet of Match 3, 1831.
Mr, BAYARD. The Senate are entitled to
know the basis of the bill before they are called
upon to pass it, and as the report is not a long one
and gives the case much better than I can state it
briefly, I will read that portion of it which states
the facts of the case, and the Senate will see
whether it is not proper that the bill should be
passed:
Tin; material facts of the case appear to be that the pe-
titions, a native and resident of California before and at
the time it was ceded to the United States by Mexico, was
ignorant of our language, and after the passage of the aet
of Match 3, 1851, placed all Ins papei-s in the hands of
two attoinevs in Cahioinia, one of whom had no knowl-
edge, and the other an unpeifect knowledge, of the Spanish
language, in oider that his claim to a certain tiact oi ianrl
called La Po«a de Son Juan Bautista might bo presented to
and confirmed by the boaid of land conimtasioneis ojgan-
ized under that act.
" The claimant had two claims to distinct and separate
tiacts of land, apait fiom each other some twenty miles,
but he lived upon and had been in possesion ot the u iiole
or a part of the tiact culled La I'o-a de San Juan HautiMa
for many yeais belbio the region to the United States.
Both his titles weie impei feet as legal grants fiom the Mex-
ican authoi ities, and owing to a misunderstanding aiKing
fiom mutual lgnoi.mec oi then respective languages be-
tween the claimant ami the attorneys he <«mpio\ed, they
pie^ented a petition to tin* hoaid of commissioners foi the
tract of land of winch he had nevei had possesion, and to
which hi-, title was death* invalid. The attorney-, how-
ever, did la> befoie the commissioners the title papeis to
both tracts. The coniim^-wmei> icjeeted the claim made
a-- invalid, and the claimant duly appealed to the distiiet
coint. While, the appeal was ponding m that eouit the.
claimant's counsel, on motion and a statement of the ci tor
m the de-ci iption of the land claimed. and piool of the mts-
undetstandmg between the claimant and hi-* t'ounei attoi-
neys and it-> cause, obtained an o;d"i* of the said comr lot-
leave to file a Mippleineiitaiv petition as an amendment.
Tins mdet was made on tiie loth of June, and the
amended petition tiled on the same day, with the content
of the diftuet attorney o( ihe United Htates.
"Finthej ovdonce'u us taken as to the possession by the
claimant of the tiact deseiib< d and claimed tn he- amended
petinon ; bin no tesiimonv at tin- stage of the pioeeedm<rs
had been ti'om ot deemed neeevsaiy by the agents ot the
Unned Stares. The appeal came on to be jieaui in the dis-
ti let coin t in October, I y39, and that couit. o,i the evidence,
con fnmed the title of the claimant to the ti actoi' land called
La Po-a rie San Juan Bauti^ta, on the ;2Sth day of CMober.
If-<39. On the -29th ot Novembei following, the a< ting disti let
attoi ney, on allulavit filed, asked I hat the ea-e rncilit be ie-
opened*. and on the 30tl  of the same month of Novcntbei
an oidei was made by tiie Com! reopening the case on teun-,
and granting leave to the I 'mterl State® to intioduec tuldi-
tional testimony within tw<-iu\ days. ' lot tiie purpose of
showing the extern and boundancs of land aetuailv occu-
pied b\ ih" claimant, and the quantity and boundaiies of
the land for winch he i> entitled to a deciee of confirmation
undei the opinion of the eouit heietotoie rendeicd in said
cau->e '—llccoiil. |). 521.
" The claimant n!-o had leave to mtioduce lebuttmgtesti-
mony confined to tne same point-. Under this oider a large
number of v\ Une^ses weie ''xamnied on both sides, and tin-
thci documentary testimony iimoduced. rJ'he ea^-e came
on to be icheaid befoie the district couit in August. lfc'ol.
under its order of lVovembei 30. 18o9. and tiie aitomcy of
the United States then, for the fust time, interposed an ob-
jection to the jurisdiction ot the couit. The objection to
the juu-dietion o( the couit was ba-ed on the giound that
the o:der peimitttnir the amended petition to be ni< d had
been improvident!}* gtanted, as the uact dCM-ubod in tne
petition pie^etited to the board of eomnn^-ioncis was en
urelj sepatate and distinct iiom the tiact descubed m the
amended or supplemental)' petition, and not contiguous
to it.
'• That the authority of the district com t was to be ox-
el eised m the naiure of a teview.and that the claim lot the
tiact de-ei iberl m the amended petition not having been
pie-cnted to the boaid of commitaonor> in tiie petition
lilerl bel,)ie it within the tune limited hj the net ol -M.neh
3, 1831, the land claimed mu-t be deemed part of the pub-
lie domain. The com t on objr etion, with leiuctance,
and aiuu commenting on the ea->( as one of gicat bnirisiup
and ciiaiU calin;'.' fot lci.ri-!auve interposition, dismissed
tin- petition foi w'..nt of pniHliction, and unirmed the decree
of tne bond of eommi^ionei^.
'  The claim int. by hi- petition to Congress, asks a legis-
lative < on fii mat ion of hi- claim to a giant of two league- ot
land, but tin- pia\ ei is marinn-t«;b!e. a> the validity oi the
title and the bound.u ie-> ot the land elamu'd aie cleaily
oue-t'oii.- of a judicial ehaiact-M.
'• The bill which accompany the petition vanes the loim
of relief, and piovides (hat the case >hall be. heard on its
i met its m the Supieme Court, where an appeal is now pend-
ing, lrom the decree of the district court dismissing the pe-
tition for want of jurisdiction. This mode of relief seems
also inappiopriatc, as it wouid be an attempt to confer ori-
ginal jmisdictton on the Supreme Court contraiy to the
piovisionfe of the Constitution. Your committee are of
opinion, however, that the claimant is equitably entitled to
such relief as will enable him to try the merits offus claim
in the same manner as if it had been originally presented
m proper form to the board of land claims within the time
limited by the act of March 3, 1851.
"The misunderstanding between the claimant and his
attorneys, winch caused an error in the descripuon of the
tiact of Jand claimed in the petition filed before the land
commissioners, would fall under the head of negligence,
and to give irhef on that giound by legislation would make
a dangerous ptccedent. J3ut in tins case it might at least
be questioned, as the expedientes for both tracts weie, In
fact, laid befote the eonunissioneis, though the petition filed
before them descubed a tract of which the claimant had
never had possession, and to which his title was invalid,
whether the amendment fu>t allowed by the distiiet coint
m tiling tiie supplemental pefition m June, 1857, was not
within the scope of its authority.
" The act of Match, 18>1, does not require a petition to
be filed before the cominissiuneis; but meiely provides that
eveiv person claiming lands tn California, under a Mexi-
can or Spanish title, 'shall piesent the >ame to the com-
missioners. when sitting as a board, with such documentary
evidence and testimony of witnesses as the said claimant
relies upon in s>upporr of such claims.? it is true, in prac-
tice a petition wa^ us-ualty, and perhaps always, presented,
bul the iaw did not requite if.
"The documentary ti'.le of the claimant, Chaboya, lo
both tracts was laid befoie the comim^ioneis; but no evi-
dence of possession of either tract was ptodnced, and the
decision of the commissioners rejects the claim oi which
confirmation was asked in vety geneial terms.
•£ An appeal was prayed and filed in duo time from this
decision.
Jt is in the district couit alone that the Jaw provides ex-
pressly that a petition hhall be filed setting foi th the nature
of the claim, and ' containing a deiaignment of the claim-
ant's title.7
"Though it is true that the proceedings in the district
court arc in the natutc of a leview. yet the law evidently
treats them as a pioceedmg de noio, and allows new testi-
mony to be taken in that court to support a claim on ap-
peal, and therefore, as in this claimant's case, though be-
fore the boaid of commissioners no evidence of possession
of either tiact was given, and both inusthave been rejected
without such evidence, >et on evidence taken for the fiist
time in the distnct rout t the judgment of the commissioners
w.is icvetseii. on evidence not betoie them, though the case
on appeal was m the natuie of a icview.
" lie this que-tion, howevet. ot the authority of the dis-
tiiet court to allow the amendment made under its oider
of June 15,1 <557, as it may, there can be no doubt that if
the acents of tne United "States meant to insist upon a
stn<-t technical cou-tiuction ot the law of 1851, and debat
the claimant fiom a heating upon the inputs in the<li->Tnct
eoutr, the objection should, m justice and equity, have
been made when the oider of June ]5, 18.V/, was applied
tor. On the contrary, the attorney ot the United States
made no opposition to that oider, and exptesslv consented
that the supplementary petition might be filed under it.
"Great expense was then incuned by the claimant in
pioviug his possession, and even when the case was heard
in Octohei, 1859. no objection on the scoie of jurisdiction
was made. Aftei the continuation by the couit, a tehearuig
was applied ior by the United Stite=. but the objection to
its jurisdiction was not c\ en then hinted at. and the case
was icopened oiitenns confining the new testimony solely
to the extent of possession and the boundaiies of the tiact
claimed. Under this otder for rehearins, though the tune
was limited to twenty davs lot taking additional tc-tirnony,
the agents o: the United States examined a large numbet of
wimesr-et and inttoducetl documeu<ar> testimony adveise
to the validit\ of the giant, as well as to is extent and
boundaties, and the claimant examined many witne—esm
rep!\ ,aud the case linucied on nil Augu-i, Ittol, and then, oil
the leheanng, the technical objection us for the fn-t tune
iutei po-,ed bv the attorney of the United States, when it was
in no wise dejvndent on'the tna-s of testimony taken, and
ought, if available, to have been made in Jui-c, !8o7,ut the
time the supplemental petition was filed, with the consent
ot the distnct attorney.
" Under tin- state of facts, though the couit did not con-
sider the objection to its ^uri-diction as waived, yet the
committee are ot opinion thoie is a clear equitv on behalf
ot the claimant to have his claim tned on its merits, and that
it t- neithei consistent with justice oi sound policy on the
pait of the Government to dt pu ve one of the formei inhab-
itant's ot California, now a citizen ot the United States, of
laud to whicn he ma) have a good equitable title, on a tech-
nical objection lOised only artei serious expense bad been
inclined m pi oot of the claim. Whether the evidence sus-
tains the title as good either at law ot in equity, founded on
posscs-lon, is <i question for the cotuts to deride; but, in the
j opinion of the committee, the claimant is fanly entitled to
. ha\e his chum tned on its lrients, and the bill has been
amended so as to secuie that tight without prejudice to the
United States, if the evidence should be deemed in-^ufiicient
I to suppoit the claim."
I That is the state of the case, sir.
j The amendment was agreed to.
! The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
; and the amendment was concuned in, and the bill
i ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. It
I was read the thiid tune, and passed,
i Mr. BAYARD. J move to amend the title,
j The title now icfers to the original bill. I move
j to make the title tead: '* A I).it to aiuhonze the
i district court of the United Statt s for the northern
: district of California to heat and determine upon
, its menis the claim of Pedro Chaboya to a cei tain
