640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4.
a limitation upon the Congress of the
'Tint! ted States to provide for the redemption, sooner
or later, in the legalized coinage or current coin
of the country, of whatever paper it may issue.
• - Mr. Chairman, I have already stated that, in-
asmuch as I have had no opportunity to examine
the. proposed substitutes, I have not been able
,to determine for myself whether either of them
should be adopted. My only purpose in rising to
this discussion now was to say what I might be
able to say in vindication of the right of this Gov-
ernment, speaking for the whole people and legis-
lating for the whole people of the United States,
to protect its own right and its own interest, and
to that end to declare what should be a lawful
tender in discharge of debts. 1 do not know that
I,have made myself as fully understood as I de-
sired, on account of the many interruptions. I
have said it is very clear by the Constitution lliat
t&G'tagalized coin of the United States is the stand-
ard or commercial value of any paper money you
may issue, and that whatever paper money you
may issue should be redeemable in the current coin
of the United States. I have shown, 1 trust, that the
uniform legislation of this country demonstrates
the fact that the power of Congress to determine
what shall be lawful tender is restricted by no
express or implied provision of your Constitution.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. I wish to make
inquiry of thegeutleman forinfoimation. 1 do
not know whether it falls entirely within the scope
of the gentleman's argument, but I inquire for
light ugon the subject. It is true always, anil cer-
tainly it has been true in this country since 1857,
that the debtor interest immensely preponderates
over the credit interest, numerically and other-
wise; and I desire to inquire whether, if we pass
a bill issuing paper and making it a legal tender,
we dt> not present to a majority of all the people
of tT<^ country a direct inducement to form all
combinations possible for the purpose of bearing
down and keepingdovvn to the lowestdepreciation
that medium in which debts shall he paid ' And
therefore 1 osk him the pme.Uenlqueslion, whether
this idea of legal tender, so fir from imparting
value to these notes, is not offering a reward and
bounty to the greatest interest in the country,
numerically and otherwise, to make them of the
1'owest value possible ?
Mr. BINGHAM If the gentleman's remarks
apply to the notes proposed to bo issued, it is
utterly incompiehensible to me how ho came to
entertain any «uch notion. Iltnv can they depress
that which is lawful tender in discharge of nil ob-
ligations, public ntul private ? Docs the gentleman
suppose that the people are going to enter into a
conspiracy for the purpose of overturning their
own Government? They have intrusted us with
this power to decline a lawful tender, and Con-
gress hus exercised it tunc and again. This bill
proposes to issue $150,000,000 of Treasury notes,
which are to be declared by jaw to be legal tender
for the payment of all debts, public and private,
and how ate (ho people £oin<r to depreciate them ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My friend will
bear with me a moment, as I sec he misapprehends
the point of the question. 1 did not ask him
whether the people would form conspiracies to
depreciate; nor did I ask lum whether (hey could
depreciate the value, but 1 asked whether we did
not create an inducement with the people to do so.
Of the other question, whether they will or not, I
did not speak.
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer with all frankness
that! do not .see that we present any inducement
to the people to undertake to undermine their
own fabric of Government, to destroy their own
credit, to paralyze their own arms. In short, un-
less the people can exercise the oidinary power#
of soyewignty, and can and will stand by it and
sustain it by such an overwhelming majoi ity as to
silence opposition, then the dream so fondly and >
so long cherished of this expeiiment of free rep- !
resentative Government must melt into thin air, !
and vanish like the baseless fabric of a vision. I '
am not hete to insist upon any legislation which i
shall awaken bitter prejudices among the people, i
1 estimate at their true value those strong words i
in which Burke with so much force and beauty :
declares the due basis of public credit to be the ;
free and uncoerced confidence of the people. He
say^ he would no! introduce t% compulsion into
that in which freedom find existence are the same
—I mean credit. The moment that shame or fear j
or force are directly or indirectly applied to a loan*,
credit perishes." I agree to that fully, and in its
entirety. The nation's credit cannot be main-
tained by force; unless the people, the majority
of the people, with whom are the issues of the
nation's life, voluntarily acquiesce in any and all
needful legislation, it is in vain that you enact
this or any other law; you are undone and the
Government falls.
I do not share, sii, in any of the feais enter-
tained or intimated that the people will revolt at
tins measure. I have an abiding faith in their loy-
alty, in their love of law, in their settled purpose
to suffer and strive, to laborand sacrifice that they
may maintain their Government and transmit it
unimpaired to their children. The passage of this
bill alone, I am free to say, will not supply your
Treasury or maintain the public credit.
Sir, I admit, in all its fullness, the utterance of
Hamilton that the only way to make the public
credit immortal is, upon the creation of a public
debt, to provide the means of its extinguishment.
I would not be for this bill, or for any other Treas-
ury note hill, if this House were not ready and
pledged in good faith to provide the means by the
imposition of taxes, direct and indirect, sufficient
to meet all the accumulated interest upon the ex-
isting public debt, and to pay the maturing obliga-
tions of the United States, and to provide a sink-
ing fund for the ultimate discharge of all your
entire obligations.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roscoe
Conkling,] in his argument seemed to assume
that the Committee of Ways and Means and the
friends of this bill propose to sustain the Govern-
ment of the United States by the issue of Treasury
notes withoutprovidingfor their ultimate redemp-
tion in gold and silver/ 1 submit that the gentle-
man, if he did so assume, thoieby did gross in-
justice to eveiy gentleman upon this side of the
House and upon that side of the House who voted
for the joint resolution (lie other day, imposing
upon the two Houses of Congress the obligation of
raising $150,000,000 annually by taxation, direct
and indirect. It will be remembered, and doubt-
less remembered with pude, by the members of
the House and by the loyal citizens of the coun-
try everywhere, that there were but five votes
recorded upon this Hoor against that resolution.
My colleague, [Mr. Vallandiuiiam,] who op-
poses this bill, but now urges taxation, insisted
upon the postponement of the joint resolution
ordering taxation. That does not seem very con-
sistent, but such are the practices of the times in
which we live.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I proposed to post-
pone the resolution only for the purpose of mak-
ing it the foundation of a general debate upon
this subject. 1 did not move to postpone it on
account of any opposition.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The interest which my
constituents have in the financial scheme which
has been presented to this House by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and which has received
moieor less support from the Committee of Ways
and Means, is my apology for again presenting
myself and claiming the attention of the commit-
tee for a few moments in the consideration of one
branch of this subject. This scheme embraces,
as I understand it, two elements: first, the issue
of $150,000,000 of Tieasury notes, payable at the
pleasure of the Government, to be made a legal
tender; and second, to apply what is substantially
the New York banking system, based upon Gov-
ernment securities, for the whole country. This
scheme is urged upon the attention of the country
at the present time upon the ground of the neces-
sities of the Government. 1 regret to appear be-
foic this committee, or anywhere else, to oppose
any measure which will tend to aid the Govern-
ment inits jirese.it embarrassment and financial
difficulties. This system, it is said upon the one
hand, is constitutional, and based upon sound
morality, and upon wise legislative policy. On
the oilier hand, it is said that it embraces provis-
ions which are unconstitutional and immoral, and
that the policy is bad.
Mr. Chairman, I have not considered the con-
stitutional question very maturely. My attention
has been otherwise directed. I have heard the ar-
guments winch have been urged upon this floor
on the one side and on the other. I heard the sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Spaulding] as to the rule by which we arc
to construe the Constitution,and itscemed to meto
be entirely correct and the only safe guide in ascer-
taining the meaning of that instrument. Looking
into the Constitution, which created a Govern-
ment with limited powers, can we fairly deduce
from any of its provisions the power to declare by
legislative enactment that demand notes shall be a
legal tender? The power is nowhere expressly
given. Is it fairly implied from the powers which
are given ? The Constitution authorizes Congi ess
to borrow money, to coin money, and to regulate
its value; and by these means alone, I apprehend,
it was designed by the powers of the Constitution
that we should supportour Army; that we should
provide and maintain a Navy; in a word, that we
should carry on the Government. Congress is
given these express powers. Now, can we imply
this additional power ? The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] calls our attention to an argument
which was made by a great statesman of New
England before the Supieme Court of the United
States, and he censures gentlemen upon the other
side of the House for now invoking the authority
of that great man who in life they may, perhaps,
have valued too lightly. I call upon the gentle-
man from Ohio as one who, during the lifetime of
that great statesman, followed him at an humble
and respectful distance, to follow his great prin-
ciples now when he is dead. Mr. Webster, in his
argument on the specie circular, made in the Sen-
ate where he was acting with the i-esponsibilities
of a Senator, and under his oath as such, consid-
ered this very question with reference to the matter
of legal tender which is now before the House, and
used this expressive language:
u Hut if wc understand by cuirency the leical money of the
country, that which constitutes a lawful tender for debts,
and is the statute measure of value, then, undoubtedly,
nothing is included hut gold and silver. Most unquestion-
ably there is no legal tender, and theie can be no legal tender,
in this country, under the authouty of tins Government, or
any other, but gold and silver, either the coinage of our own
mints, or foreign coins, at lates regulated by Congress."
I say to gentlemen that there is the recorded
opinion of Daniel Webster, and while that opinion
remains unreversed by a judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States, no gentleman will be
found in tins country who will not concede that
this power now claimed is doubtful. I under-
stand it, sir, to be a fundamental axiom, which
should govern legislators in the discharge of their
duties, to beware how they exercise doubtful
powers. Wc have sworn to support the Consti-
tution. Let us take care that wc keep within the
purview of that oath. Let us be careful lest wo
assume powers which the people whom wo rep-
resent have not intrusted us with, because all the
powers they have given us are enumerated in or
are fairly to be deduced from the Constitution.
But, sir, I did not rise for the purpose of dis-
cussing that question. I am oppossdtothe tender
clause in this bill for another reason. In my judg-
ment, it is dishonest. That is a sufficient reason
to induce me to vote against it. We have con-
tracted with these men, who arc the public cred-
itors, and have promised to pay them money, and
llicy have given us their merchandise or given us
their labor upon the faith of that promise. Who
is to tiifle with the nation's faith? It,seems to me
that those men do it who support this bill. We
have told these men that we would pay them in
money. By this bill it is proposed that we shall
give them paper. They ask us for bread, and we
give them a stone.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman says wc pro-
pose to pay them in a currency which they did
not contract for. Will the gentleman tell me what
currency he proposes to pay them in, and where
he will get it?
Mr. SHEFFIELD, That is a very pointed
question, but I will answer the gentleman as far
as it is in my power to answer him before I get
through, and I will say to him that the law does
not require us to perform impossibilities.
If all the property in the country were at once
to be turned into money, the amount of money in
the country would be the measure of the value of
this property. If that property consisted of gold
and silver only, this value would be fixed by the
amount of gold and silver; but if to this amount
was to be added the amount of bank bills which
might be m circulation, the value would be en-
hanced to the extent of the amount of such bank
bills circulated as money. If to gold and silver
and bank bills were added the notes of individuals,
