2622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
their report; but I want to predicate a motion to
instruct the managers to ask the high court of
impeachment to reconsider its judgment of post-
ponement.
Several Members called for the regular order
of business.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to ask the House to
get apart Tuesday and Wednesday of next week
for the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. I object.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of States for resolutions
and bills on leave.
JAMES N. MULLISK.
Mr. LEARY introduced a bill for the relief of
James N. Miiller, supervising inspector of steam-
boats for the third supervising district; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
. ARMY MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. McPHERSON offered the following res-
olution, and moved the previous question on its
adoption:
Whereas it is provided in the act of Congress, approved
April 16,1862, " to reorganize and increase the efficiency of
the medical department of the Army," that there shall be
added to the medical corps eightmedical inspectors, " who
shah be charged with the duty of inspecting the sanitary
condition of transports, quarters, and camps, of field and
general hospitals," &c.; and whereas it is provided in an
act of Congress, approved May 14, JB62, k£to facilitate the
discharge of enlisted men for physical disability," that any
medical inspector is k*'hereby aiuhoitzed and empoweied
to discharge fioin the sri vice of the United States any sol-
dier or enlisted man, with the consent of puch soldier or en-
listed man, in the permanent ho?pitals?" See.; and whereas
there are large number ot disabled men m our hospitals*
who are willing and anxious* to ho discharged, and whom
it is not desirable to retain in the service, and there is press-
ing necessity lor the appointment of these medical inspect-
ors, through whom it was« and is hoped many useful reloims
may be effected : Thereloie,
Resolred, That the Piesident be requested to state to the
House of UepiCf-entatives whether the causes which have
delayed, and at-'* delaying, (he leorganuauon of the med-
ical department, in aeeoidance wnh the provisions of the
act of April 16, 186-2, are .such as require additional legisla-
tion by Congi(;s5>, and if so, what?
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
release op he bel prisoners.
Mr. ANCONA offered the following resolu-
tion, and moved the previous question on its adop-
tion:
JlesoiucJjThat the Secretary of War be, and lie i« hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be released and dfs-
chaiged fiom confinement, on their taking the oath of al-
legiance, all peisons taken prisoneia in the army ami ser-
vice of the so-called confederate States of America, who
may exhibit satisfactoiy evidence of having been pressed
into the said seivice.
Tellers were ordered on seconding the previous
question; and Messrs. Walton and Shanks were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 35, noes 61.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
subsistence of our armies.
Mr. NIXON offered the following resolution;
and demanded the previous question on its pas-
sage:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House the Coin- ,
mander-in-Chief ol the Army and Navy of the (rnitcd States ;
should instruct ail ot his officers holding command in dis>- [
tnet< oj eouutiy in rebellion against the Government to
make proclamation that henceforth the armies ot the Re-
public shall be bubbled, so i.ir as practicable, on the prop-
erty all those who aie m telielliwn. who aie giving aid
and comfort to the enemies of the United States.
Idlers were ordered on seconding the previous
question; and Messrs. White, of Ohio, and Cham*
berl^, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 57j noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move that there be a call
of the House,
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following-named
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. William J. Allen, Samuel S. Blair, Roscoe Conk-
ling; Conway, Covode, Cravens, Crisfield, Cutler, Dela-
plaine, Duell, Dunn, Ely,'English, Fenton, Fessenden,
Frank, Hall, Hickman, Hooper, Jackson, Killinper, Law,
Lehman. McKean, Marston, May, Anson P. Morrill, Justin
S. Morrill, Nugen, Olin, Patton, Perry, James S. Rollins,
Sherman, Styles, Francis Thomas, Vandever, Van Wyck,
Ward, and Wheeler.
During the call,
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that Mr. prank was
confined to his house by sickness.
Mr. NIXON moved to dispense with all further
proceedings under the call.
The motion was agreed to.
The tellers resumed their places.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 26, noes 69.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Ueaman, Bingham, Fiancis P. Blair, Jacob
B. Blan. Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Buinham,
Campbell, Chainberiin, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkhng,
Davis, Dawc, Delano, Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Fisher. Franchot,Gooch, Goodwin,Grangei, Gurley, Hale,
Hanehctt, Uolman, liutchins, Julian, Kellry, Francis YV.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovcjoy,
Low, McKnight, MePher^on, Mitchell, Moorheacl, An&on
P. Monill, Nixon, John S. Phelps, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Price, Alexander II. Rice,
John IL Rice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Saigent, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Sloan, Spanlding, Stevens, Suatton, Tram,
Trimble, Trowbridge, V.ui IIorn; Van Valkenburgh, Ver-
ree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washbnrne, Albert S. White,
Wilson. VVindotn, Worcester, and Wright—-83.
NAYS—Mcssi>. William J. Allen, Ancona, Bally, Bid-
die, Culvert, Oa«<>v, Clements, Cox. Crittenden, Diven,
Fouke. Gudei, Hauling, flanison, llorton. Johnson, Kcr-
ligan, Knapp, Leary, Men/.ies, Morris, Noble, Noiton,
Pendleton, Robinson, Scgar, Shiel, John B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Vallandigham. Vibhard, Voorhce«s, Wadsworth, Webster,
Chilton A. White, Wiekliflc, and Wood—39.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MALLORY stated that he was paired with
Mr. Wheeler; otherwise he would have voted
" no."
Mr. WEBSTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Crisfikld, was paired with Mr. Blair, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. WOODRUFF stated that his colleague,
Mr. English, had been called home by sickness
in his family.
Mr. PIKE stated that his colleague, Mr. Fes-
senpen, was absent on accountof sickness in his
family.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. NIXON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee expenses.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING offered the following
resolution, and demanded the previous question
on its adoption:
Resolved That the Sergcant-at-Arms beduectedto report
to tins llou^e a statement of all claims and accounts pre-
sented to him by committees or members of committees
charged with taking testimony during the present Congress,
for their expenses while on such service, together with a
statement of the amounts he has paid thou on, to whom
paid, for what precise pmposes, at what rate per diem and
per mile for setvices and tiavel, and by what authoiity;
also whether any sums so paid have been leftmded to lum,
and whethet there aie any, and if any, what amount of
claims yet outstanding for such expenses.
Mr. PHELPS, nf Missouri. I suggest to the
gentleman from New York to modify his resolu-
tion, so as to make it embrace the Clerk of the
House as well as the Sergeant-at-Arms, because
the Clerk is the disbursing officer of the contingent
fund of the House.
Mr. F. A CONKLING modified his resolution
accordingly.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeied; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
arming fort adams.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhodo Island, introduced a
joint resolution for the arming of Fort Adams;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
durfee's submarine gun.
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Navy be requested to
inform the House of Representatives whether, in his judg-
ment, an appropriation of money should be made to enable
the Government to test the efficiency and value of Durfee's
submarine gun; and if so, what amount will be necessary
therefor.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
utaii social regulations, etc.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH submitted the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved. That a select committee of five be appointed
by the Speaker of the House to investigate whether or not
tliere be any social, political, or religious regulations or as-
sociations within the Territory of Utah incompatible with
a republican form of Government, or presenting any in-
surmountable obstacles to the due administration and ex-
ecution of the laws of the land ; and if to, to icport to this
Ilou-^e, at its next session, all the material facts and cir-
cumstances connected with said regulations or associa-
tions, and what legislation, if any, may be necessary to
prevent the extension of such regulation or association, or
toiemovethe bame as it now exists.
Mr. BLAKE. I propose to debate that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Then it must go over.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
move to lay it on the table, and be done with it.
It is not a subject to be handled. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAKE. Very well. I move to lay it on
the table.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I desire to say a word
in reference to this resolution.
The SPEAKER. Debate would carry the res-
olution over if no other motion were made in ref-
erence to it. The gentleman from Ohio, however,
moves to lay it on the table, which would preclude
discussion if the resolution were otherwise de-
batable.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. fclCHARDSON then withdrew the call.
The resolution was laid on the table.
washington postal facilities.
Mr. WALLACE, of "Washington, by unani-
mous consent, presented the following memorials
of the Legislative Assembly of Washington Ter-
ritory; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads: Memorial rela-
tive to ocean mail facilities for Washington Ter-
ritory; memorial relative to the mail route to
Whatcom, Washington Territory; memorial ask-
ing the extension of mail facilities from Walla-
Walla to Fort Colville and to Salmon River
Mines; memorial relative to the mail routes east
of the Cascade mountains, Washington Terri-
tory; memoiial relative to mail route from Olym-
pia to Seabeck, WashingtonTerritory; memorial
relative to mails to Coveland, Washington Ter-
ritory; and memorial asking for the establish-
ment of certain mail routes in Washington Ter-
ritory.
washington public land affairs.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, also, by
unanimous consent, submitted the following me-
morials of the Legislative Assembly of Wash-
ington Territory; which were refeired to the
Committee on Public Lands: Memorial to extend
the public surveys in WashingtonTerritory, and
memorial asking for the establishment of a land
office at Walla-Walla, Washington Territory.
washington judiciary.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, also, by
unanimous consent, presented the following me-
morials of the Legislative Assembly of Wash-
ington Territory; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary: Memorial asking
Congress to authorize thcholding of United States
courts in two places in the third judicial district
of Washington Territory, and memorial relative
to the judgesand courts of the Territory ofWash-
ington.
spokane indian agent.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, also, by
