1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2623
unanimous consent, presented the memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Washington, relative to the appointment of In-
dum agent in the Spokane country, Washington
Territory; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
COLUMBIA RIVER FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, also, by
unanimous consent, presented the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Wash-
ington, relative to the fortification of the mouth
of the Columbia river; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
WASHINGTON LUMBER INTEREST.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, also, by
unanimous consent, presented the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Wash-
ington, relative to the lumber interest of that Ter-
ritory; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
DIRECT TAXES.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, also, by
unanimous consent, presented the memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of Washington Terri-
tory, lclative to the collection of direct taxes;
which was referred to the Committee of Wayy
and Means.
LAND EXPENSES.
Mr. WATTS, introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to reduce the expenses of the
survey and sale of the public lands in the United
States," approved May 30,1862; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
REVENUE IN TEXAS AND NEW MEXICO.
Mr. WATTS introduced a bill to facilitate the
collection of the levenue in El Paso county, Texas,
and in New Mexico; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
PERRY E. BROCCIIUS.
Mr. WATTS introduced a joint resolution for
the relief of Perry E. Brocchus; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. I desire to withdraw the
objection made by me this morning to the request
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] rela-
tive to territorial business.
There being no further objection.
On motion of Mr ASHLEY, it was
Ordered, That Tuesday and Wednesday, the 17th and
18th instant, bo set apart, after the moining hour, foi the
consideration of business relating to the Territories.
WINNEBAGO FUND.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to ex-
pend, from a fund in the United States Treasury
belonging to the Winnebago Indians, the sum of
$100,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
for the benefit of said Indians; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
CALIFORNIA JUDICIARY.
Mr. LOWE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish
this House vvifii any information he may have concerning
the intenuption ot business m the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States lor the State of California, whether or not the
judge of said couit lias left the State of California, and if
he lias left, foi what reason, and for what length of time,
and by what authority of law he has absented himself from
his official duues.
OCCUPATION OF THE WHITE HOUSE.
Mr. POTTER submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Rcbohcd. That the Seoretaiy of War bo requested to in-
form ihi* House by whose o'idens the mansion house of
Colonel Lee, a rebel officer m the rebel annv, at White
IIou>e, on the Pomunky livei, N gtuuded and pioa'cted by
United Stated soldier.-, and the ie;won why the same H
closed and not used foi hospital puiposes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin whether it would not be
well to first inquire whether such is the fact or
not.
Mr. POTTER. I state to the gentleman that
I know it to be a fact-
Mr. DAWES. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin that I have reason to know
that there is no necessity at the present time for
the passage of his resolution.
Mr. POTTER. I want to know by whose
orders the house of Colonel Lee was guarded by
United States soldiers, and prevented from being
used as a hospital.
Mr. DAWES. So far as that is concerned, I
do not feel at liberty to answer; but so far as the
object is to prevent the house from being so
guarded in future, I can say to the gentleman that
I have reason to know that the resolution is not
needed.
Mr. POTTER. I withdraw the resolution.
PAY OF MEMBERS IN THE ARMY,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to pay
the full amount of salary due to members of the House in
the militaiy service of the Government without reduction
for absences.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Does not that
change the law ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman raise the
question of order >
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I do not know that
it is a question of order.
Mr, LOOMIS. 1 move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. Such a resolution would
necessarily be inoperative, if adopted. It is in
evident violation of the law.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The resolution was laid on the table.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. ARNOLD, previous notice having been
given, introduced a bill to provide for the relief
of honest but unfortunate debtors, and the distri-
bution of their property among their creditors by
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the special committee on the
subject.
EMPLOYMENT OF ADDITIONAL SURGEONS.
Mr. WASHBURNE submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Rcsolredy That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the necessity of giving employment
to an additional number of suigeons in the volunteer ser-
vice in the Army, and that they report at any time, by bill
or otherwise.
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBORS.
Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency ot reporting a bill
for Uie impiovement of the haibors on the northern lakes,
and the deepening and improvement of the channel over
the St. Clair Flats.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. JULIAN, previous notice having been
given, introduced a bill to repeal an act entitled
" An act to amend and supplementary to the act
entitled 'An act respecting fugitives from justice
and persons escaping from the service of then-
masters,1" approved February 12, 1793; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed
to report a bill for the purpose of repealing the act of Con-
gress appioved September 18, 1850, commonly called the
fugitive slave law.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table; and on that motion he de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas G6, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—William J. Alien. Ancona, Baily, Bid-
die, Fianets P Blair, Jacob B. Blair. George II. Browne,
William G. Biown. Burnham, Calvert, Cas>ej, Clements,
Cobb, Coming, Crittenden. Delano, Diven, Gianyer.Gnder,
ILught, Hale, flauhng. Uolman, Johnson, William Kel-
Iol'1', Kemgan, Ivuupp, Lazear, Low, Maynaid, Menzies,
Moorhead, Morn*, Noble, Noeli, Norton, Udell. Pendleton,
John S. Phelps, Timoihv G. Phelps, Poiter, Richardson,
Robinson, Tames S. Rollins, Sargent, Segar, Sheffield,
Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tumble, Yallamlighnm,
Verree, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wads worth, Webster, Chilton
A. White, Wickliffe, Wood, Woodruff, Worcester, and
Wright—6a.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich*, Alley, Baker, Baxter, Beaman,
Bingham, Blake, Buffinton, Chamberlin, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkhng, Davis, Dawes, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Francliot, Cooch, Goodwin, Hanchett, Hutchins, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Lovejoy, Mc-
Knight, McPherson, Mitchell, Anson P, Morrill, Pike,
Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,Riddle,
Edward II. Rollins, Shellabarger. Sloan, Spaulding, Ste-
vens, Tiain, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh,
Wall, Wallace, Wa&hburne, Albert S. White, and Wm-
dom—51.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. LEARY stated that he was paired with
Mr. Clark.
Mr. MALLORYstated that he was paired with
Mr. Wheeler.
They would both have voted to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. COLFAX submitted the following resolu-
tion; upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
fte&ofaed, That the Committee on the Judiciaiy be In-
structed to report a hill modifying the fugitive slave law,
so as to lequiie a jury trial in all cases where the person
claimed denies under oath that he is a slave, and also re-
quiring any claimant under such act, to prove that he has
been loyal to the Government during the present rebellion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE moved to lay the resolution
on the tabic; and on that motion demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. William J. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Bid-
die, Jacob B. Plan, William G Biown, Calvert, Casey,
Clements, Cobb, Coming, Crittenden, Fouke, Glider,
liaight, ilaidmg, flolmati, Johnson, Kemgan, Knapp,May-
naid, Menzios, Noble, Noell, Noiton, Pendleton, John S.
Phelps, Richardson, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Segar,
Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Francis
Thomas, Vallandigham, Vibbard, Vooihees, Wadswoith,
Webster, Chilton A. White, Wiekliffe, Wood, and
W righ t—45.
NAY'S—Messrs. Akhich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Blake,
Buffinton, Buinham, Chambeilin, Colfax, Fredeiick A.
Conkliug, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Edgerton, Ed-
waub, Eliot, Ely, Fianehot, Gooch, Goodwin, Gianger,
Gurley, Hale, Ilanchett, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lan&uig, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Low, MeKmglit, McPherson, Mitchell, Anson P. Mouiil,
Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Poitor, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Saigent, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellabdiger, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Tram, Tiimhie, Tiowhridge, Van lioin,
Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Wall, Wallace, \Vashbiune,
Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—<7.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This resolution
is imperative upon the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. COLFAX. { call the gentleman from Mis-
souri to order. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not propose
to discuss it. I demand the yeas and nays upon the
adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messi5. Aldrich} Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham. Francis P. Blair, Blake,
Buffinton, Bumham, Chambeilm, Coliax, Fredeiick A.
Conkling, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven. Edgerton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Fianehot. Gooch, Goodwin, Granger,
Guilev, Ilaight, Hale, Ilanchett, IJutchins, Julian, Kclley,
Francis VV. Kellogg,'William Kellogg, Lansing, Looms-,
Lovejoy, Low, MeKmght, McPherson, Mitchell, An^it P.
Morrill, Justin S. MornN, Nixon, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
Pomeioy, Porter, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John II Rice,
Iliddle. Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Shelheld,
Sheilabargei, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Tiain, Tumble, Trowbiidge, Van alk-
enbui^h, Venee, Wall, Wallace, Washbume, Albeit S.
White. Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—77.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona. Baily, Bid-
die, Jacob B. Blan, William G. Browne, Culvert, Ca.-ey,
Clements, Cobb. Corning, Crittenden,Fouke.Gmlei, liar-
ding, Ilmman, Johnson, Knapp, Maynaid, Mcn/.ies Noble,
Noell, Noitoiij Pendleton, John S. Phelps Richnnlbuu,
Robinson. Jame^s S. Rollins, Hegnr, Shiel, Smith. Jnlm B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Fianci*. Thoma-, Vall.iudig-
bam, \ ibbard, Vooihees, WaiUwoith, Webster, Chilton
A. White, Wickliffe, Wood, and Wnght—-13.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ELIOT stated that Mr. Sedgwick was
paired with Mr. Hall.
