2624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mi*. CRADLEBAUGH moved that the rules
be suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was disagreed to.
StrTLIEF AND CASE.
Mr. MAYNA.RD submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the. Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to furnish the House with such information as may be in
his possession touching the claim against the United States
for damages made by Messrs. SutlifiT & Case, embraced in
the provisions of House biil No. 330.
CIVILIZED INDIANS.
Mr. EDWARDS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back Senate bill No. 302, to
protect the property of Indians who have adopted
the habits of civilized life, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that when-
ever any Indian, being a member of any band or
tribe with whom the Government has or shall have
entered into treaty stipulations, being desirous to
adopt the habits of civilized life, shall apply to
have a portion of the lands belonging to his tribe
allotted to him in severalty, in pursuance of such
treaty stipulations, it shall be the duty of the agent
and superintendent of such tribe to provide that
such allottee shall be protected in the peaceful
and quiet occupation and enjoyment of the lands
so allotted to him.
The bill also provides that whenever any per-
son of Indian blood, belonging to a band or tribe
who receive, or are entitled to receive, annuities
from the Government of the United States, and
who has not adopted the habits and customs of
civilized life, and received his lands in severalty
by allotment, as mentioned in the foregoing sec-
tion of this act, Shall commit any trespass upon
the lands or premises of any Indian who has re-
ceived his lands by allotment, as aforesaid, it shall
be the duty ofthe superintendentandagentof such
band or tribe to ascertain the damages resulting
from such trespass, and the sum so ascertained
shall be withheld from the payment next thereaf-
ter to be made, cither to the band or tribe to which
the party committing such trespass shall belong,
as in the discretion of the superintendent he shall
deem proper, and the sum so retained shall be
paid over by the said agent or superintendent to
the party injured.
The bill further provides that in case the tres-
passer shall bo the chief or headman of a band or
tribe, in addition to the penalties above provided
for, it shall be the duty of the superintendent of
Indian affairs in his district to suspend the said
trespasser from his office for three months, and
during that time to deprive him of all the benefits
and emoluments connected therewith; provided,
that the stud chief or headman may be sooner re-
stored to his former standing, if the superintend-
ent shall so direct.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported an
amendment to strike out in line six, of section one,
the words "shall apply to have," and insert in
lieu thereof the words u have had."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. The whole object of this
bill is to protect Indians who have adopted the
habits of civilized life in the enjoyment of their
separate property. Dy an existing law any In-
dian of a tribe in amity with the United States,
on application, may have a portion of the lands
belonging to the tribe, not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acies, set off to be held in severalty,
and this act is simply to prevent and punish tres-
passes on such land by white persons, or by other
Indians.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
INDUS AGENT FOlt COLORADO.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the same committee,
repotted a bill to provide for an Indian agent in
Colorado Territory; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides for the appointment of an
Indian agent in Colorado Territory, at a salary of
$1*500.
The biil was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN AGENTS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the same committee,
reported a bill to provide for the appointment of
Indian agents in New Mexico; •which was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides for the appointment of two
additional Indian agents, one for the southern
Comanches, and another for the Mescolero Apa-
ches, at a salary of $1,800 per annum each, and
two sub-agents for the Navajoes, at a salary of
$1,000 each.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ALDRICH. The Delegate from New
Mexico,who isdeeplyinterested in this bill, would
like to say a few words in explanation of its pro-
visions, and I hope there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. It seems to me that just in
proportion as the Indians decrease the Indian
agents increase. [Laughter.]
Mr. WATTS. I will detain the House but a
moment in explanation of this bill, and I do not
desire even that members shall vote for it if they
do not see that it is a proper bill after it is ex-
plained. "We have some forty thousand Indians
in the Territory of New Mexico, and they are
divided into three or four tribes. Now, there is no
investment in the world so economical as that ex-
pended in the employment of good Indian agents
to look after the Indians. I do not mean those
broken down politicians, or those high white-
collared gentry, who know nothing about the In-
dian except what they have picked up in Long-
fellow's Hiawatha or Cooper's Leather-Stocking
novels; but I mean those who are acquainted
with the Indians, who know what they are, who
are willing to live among them, and who can con-
trol them. The great Apache tribe is divided into
two sections; one, three or four hundred strong,
residing on the east side of the Rio Grande, and
the other three or four hundred miles west of it.
For those two tribes it is necessary to have two
agents. Our people have petitioned for them,
and they have been recommended by the Indian
department.
In reforence to the Comanches I will say they
are a large tribe, roaming over a country five or six
hundred miles in extent, for buffalo. They reside
along the eastern boundary of the Territory of
New Mexico, and when they get tired of hunting
buffalo, and come down into our settlements to
make their purchases, they commit depredations
in the eastern part of our Tenitory, there being
no agent there to look after them. The only agent
of that tribe is located three or four hundred miles
north, where the Indians never go except to re-
ceive their annuities and presents.
On these accounts this bill was introduced in
the early part of this session by myself, and it
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The Committee on Indian Affairs referred it to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. By him it
was approved, and the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs has recommended its passage.
Without detaining the House further with this
explanation, I trust the House is satisfied that
there can be no objection to the passage of the
biil.
Mr.F. A. CONKLING. I would inquire if
there is not an Indian agent for the southern Co-
manches?
Mr. WATTS. There has not been since the
secession of Texas.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Does the gentleman
claim that the residence of the southern Comanches
is in New Mexico, and not in Texas?
Mr. WATTS. They have their huntinggrounds
for three hundred miles upon the borders of New
Mexico, and they come into our Territory and
steal our property.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We already have
an agent for the Comanche Indians, and there is
nothing which prohibits the President of the Uni-
ted States from appointing an agent for that tribe,
and causing him to reside in the territory over
which the Indians roam.
I find that there have been estimates submitted
at this session of Congress for the expenses of cer-
tain Indian agents in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, but this bill proposes to create two additional
Indian agents and two sub-agents, at an aggregate
salary of $5,000 per annum, Perhaps, so far as
the Apaches are concerned, there may be a neces-
sity for the appointment of an agent. I know
there was an agent for the Navajo Indians; and
whether it may not be expedient to abolish that
agency and provide for the appointment of two
sub-agencies, I am not prepared to say. But I do
not think that a multiplication of the number of
these offices is desirable.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. In order to test the
sense of the House, 1 move to strike out that por-
tion of the bill providing for an agent for the
southern Comanches.
The SPEAKER. As the bill is upon its pas-
sage, it is not now open to amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then, with a view
to offer that amendment, I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be read a
third time.
Mr. ALDRICH. Before that question is put,
I desire to say a few words in reference to this
matter. The Governor and Legislative Assembly
of New Mexico petitioned Congress for the ap-
pointment of these agents, and they set forth m
their memorial the necessity for their appoint-
ment. That memorial is at the Clerk's desk, and
if gentlemen desire they can hear it read. It was
presented by the Delegate from that Territory,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The Committee on Indian Affairs referred it to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for his views
of the necessity and propriety of making those
appointments. In conformity with the recom-
mendation of the Department, the committee have
unanimously reported this bill back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass. There is nothing
in the bill making any appropriation whatever.
There is nothing in the bill requiring the Presi-
dent to make the appointments unless he deems
it necessary. The committee were unanimously
of opinion that there would be a necessity for
such appointments as soon as theTerritory comes
again under the direction and control of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Pending the motion to reconsider,on motion of
Mr. McPHERSON, (at forty-five minutes after
three o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 10, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
FREEDOM IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate that my vote may be
recorded on the passage of the bill m reference to
freedom in the Territories. I was not aware that
it was to be called up yesterday, and having been
called out of the Chamber, I was absent whenthe
vote was taken. I desire that my name may ap-
pear on the record in the affiimative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to record his vote in the affirmative on the
bill prohibiting slavery in the Territories. Is there
any objection ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be a very
bad precedent. It has never been allowed in the
Senate, to my knowledge. If there is a precedent
where it has been allowed, I shall not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware of any precedent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I must object.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not feel any very
great interest in the question whether my vote
appears on the record. I had heard, as I sup-
posed, similar requests made, but it may be that
1 was mistaken. The question was taken up in
the morning hour, and one o 'clock was set for the
court of impeachment. I did not suppose byany
possibility a question of that kind would be up in
the morning hour, and I was called out of the
Chamber. 1 should have voted in the affirmative
if I had been present.
