1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15.
case. The question now is, what can J do ? Do you yet
know precisely the accusations against you ? Have you
had a statement of the proofs on winch they are made, una
the evidence by which they are to be supported ? Do you
know the names of the persons who have made them, or
arc expectcd to piove them ? Do you knowt'ne instruments
of evidence which it is proposed to be used agaui&t you?
Before this readies you the period allowed by the articles
ofwai for the piepaiation of charges against you will have
elapsed, and it they arc not made, I hold it is your right and
duty to demand them. Besides, there are too many per-
sons feeling a deep and lively interest in your fate, you have
since this rebellion biokc out made too many fuends, and
the public interest i< too deeply involved in the l&sues con-
nected with youi arrest and nnpusonment.
The service itself is too deeply affected by this event for
any unusual delay in the preparation of the charges, and
from being biought to tiial. No man in the At my, and 1 say
it advisedly, has done more to attract and fix the suppoit
of hionda to the Govet nment than you have within the last
seven months; no man has inoie faithfully shown that the
true object of the war is to suppoitthe Constitution and the
laws as they ate—that individual and civil rights may be
respected, protected, and enfoieed in the midst of civil war
—that republican institutions may be maintained onlv in
the {supremacy of the law, and that paity sti ife and animos-
ity, however they may iag«-in peace, must give waj in war,
and all must unite in the support of the Government, with-
out which even party cannot exist. 1 have seen men who
I know were earned away by their hostility to the Admin-
istration, yet devoted to a republican form of Government,
so inflamed by local and sectional piejudice.asto bo almost
ready to take up arms to war agaiusi the admimstiauon of
that Government for which they would cheo fui!\ have laid
down their lives. 1 have seen s.ueh men yielding up then
opposmon, and under the military rules administered by
you within your military juiisdiction, giving a ready and
cordial support to the Government, and thiotigh them I have
heard of others affected in like manner with themselves.
The testimony of sueh men, beanng witness to the noble
patriotism by winch they believe you to have been actuated
is of piici-less value, when you ate assailed and vituper-
ated as {>emg~false to yourself, false to your countiy, and
false to your God.
Tell me what vou have done since your arrest—what you
are doing—who is your counsel, and especially if I can do
anything to show how tiuiy L am your iitend and servant,
JOriEPII II. BRADLEY.
Brigadier General C. P. Stonk.
Mr. McDOEJGALL. Mr. President, I might
here remark what [ should have stated before, that
the arrest of General Stone was made by Genera!
Sykes, senior major of the fourteenth regiment,
the regiment commanded by Genera] Stone in the
regular service. General Sykes? said to him when
making his arrest that he. was required to perform
the mostpainful office with which he had ever been
charged. General Stone then inquired of him for
•what cause he was arrested. General Sykes, as
1 am informed, replied that he was entirely igno-
rant as to the reason for his orders or the causes
of the airest. General Stone received no informa-
tion fiom Gcneial Svkes as to this extraoidinary
proceeding. From thai hour until now, General
Stone, his family, his friends, and his counsel have
persistently asked (he same question addressed by
General Stone to Gcnetal Sykes of all classes of
men in authonty, and the only result they have
achieved is the same answer—" I am ignorant,"
or " I cannot speak."
Other and formal means have been applied seek-
ing the same object. On the 20th of February last
Mr. Henry M. Paiket, of Boston, a gentleman
eminent as a lawyer, a gentleman, and a cih/.en,
known well to the piofession beyond the confines
of Massachusetts, acting as counsel of the unac-
cused and imprisoned General Stone, addressed
to the Secretary of War a communication, in its
every word respectful, which I will request the
Secretary to read to the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
W ^shin'utow Fehrna)y20, 186*2.
Sir: f avail myself ol youi pi-imission to la> betoicjou,
more formally than 1 have done, -owe reuiaik-. on (J< neinl
C P. Stone's case, winch, notwithstanding what you have
said to nie, will, 1 am sure, leceive your impartial consid-
eiauou.
1. You s lid to me that there w;w nothing •• evfraordi-
naiy*' m General Stone > ease which en titled it, inoie than
any othei matter ol bu-m< ss, to picccdenee in youi atten-
tion, oi in (hawing it to an immediate conclusion.
I respectfully submit that almost even, teatuie of it is
extraordinary. That a man who has icudeicd such emi-
nent and univetsaily ackuou Icdsed sci vice in saving this
vciy capital., and who followed that set vice up, as he did.
with other services scarcely Ics*, eminent, that tin-; man,
whose praise is m everybody's mouth, i-:u a lew men',
partis uis and newspaper spie-.) -Iionld he so -uddcnlj
seized and niearcciated is in it*elf extiaotdmaiv.
Ft is the more cxlruonlinuiy when vou lcmembei tiiat he
had rx\er uctived one woid ol censiuc tuu one look of
disapprobation fiom any milit.uv ^ipouor: that lie had
again and again askedacouit of iuquu> lnlo the !3<xll
Bluff hiHincs^, and had been put oiF with answer to the
effect that none needed, oi thai the publie <eivice
would be infilled bj it, oi the like. Genetal Stone had again
and again, within the week oi ten days piecedmghis anW
sought an interview with }om.-.eii\ but was disappointed
in meeting you, sometimes at appointed times, doubtless
through reason of your other urgent business. And in the
brief interviews he had with you he received no intimation
that you had notyom old confidence in lum. Not.indeed,
do J under&tand fiom you that tins day that confidence is.,
in your own mind, shaken, but that something or somebody
(what and who, I am not allowed to know,) has left you no
choice a? to taking decisive action in the matter.
It is military usage, I am to'd, that an officer of so high
a lank as Bugadier Geneial Stone should not be arrested
without a prelirmnaiy examination, of the pendency of
which he generally has notice. But, if J have rightly un-
derstood you in our interviews of yesterday and of this day,
now, when more than eight, yes, twelve, full days have
elapsed since the airest, somebody is still engaged in the
" examination" or "investigation" of the case, and neither
General Stone nor his family nor his counsel can be allowed
to know either who his accusers or what the accusations
against him are.
I do not complain of the mere fact of any examination or
investigation made by youi direction, and if the case were
declined •' extraoidinary," there would be more reason to
acquiesce in this state of things. But being confessed by
the Government extraordinary, it would follow that it
should have extiaordmarj attention.
2. If treason or treasonable dealings arc the buidens of
the suspicions against General Stone, now and heie aiethe
men and the place and the time for piovmg or lefuting
them. In the foitune ot war it is not likely that so many
of them can evet be found together again. * If, by the for-
tune ot war, some Government witness should die, and in
a subsequent tiial the prosecution fail for any lea^on, do
yjrou not know that his enemies will atmbute Ins acquittal,
not to Ins innocence, but to that casualty?
When General Stone is pioved innocent theie will be but
one woithy teparation which the Government can make.
That will be by giving him the opportunity once more to
prove Ins innocence m his command on the battle-field, and
m the hot woik of war. Tins delay seems likely to pre-
vent thai, sinking, as the rebellion is, every hour.
3. General Stone's incarceration at Fou La Fayette, is, I
submit, extraoidinary."
If you weie convinced of this, I am sure you would ame-
lioiato it, foi you told me on Monday that it was as you
■supposed, 11 a matter ofcour.se" that iie should go thithei.
Eveiywbcic the general public look upon the election of
that distant fort as in itself intended as a maik of ignominy,
and a Senatoi in'Congress, I am fold, boast" of it. I think
if you could have the tiank opinion ol military men, they
would, with one voice, I do not say condemn the act, (for
that is illegal,) but declaie it to be " extraordinary^' and
not in eonfoinmy to the standing intcrpietafion of the arti-
cle of war which picseribes the place* within which "any
offiecr ai rested for a crime" shall be connncd.
It is not denied that, in cases avowed to be " extraordi-
nary," a prisoner for security may he elsevvheie confined.
Necessity justifies anything essential to the seeunty ol Gov-
ernment; but such a course should, 1 submit, be onlv taken
by reason of that ovcnuliug necessity on the pnit of Gov-
ernment which aunuK all othei law. As you have not acted
in fi vmg the place of Ins confinement in any such supposed
necessity , not having intended to treat Gem-ial Stone m any
icspcct out of coiitse, I appeal to vou with confidence lor
a change in tins ic-peet. I110.VUV M. i'AliKEIt.
To Hon. K. M. Stanton, Sect clary of JVar, Ac.
Mr. McDOUGALL. In that very connection
I will take occasion to read a dispatch which, by
the grace of Government, Gcneial Stone luis been
permitted to send to my colleague and myself; he
is a caged lion now, and he moves uneasily behind
his prison bar:
Fort II oiiltos, Jlpril 11, 1862.
i have applied for a suspension ot ariest and p< i mission
to scive before Yorktown. Can you assist me?
GlIARLLiS i\ STONE.
Ho has asked to serve " in any capacity what-
ever,5' [ learn. IJc asks assistance, but echo will
be the only response.
Mr. President, as General Stone, while a man
of Massachusetts, had also made his home on the
far shores of the Pacific, where he was esteemed
and respected, it was not thought improper by his
most intimate friends to appeal to the delegation
from California to see if they could not learn some-
thing of the vvheiefore of this most extraoi dtnai y
proceeding*. Three times I w< nt to the War De-
partment, and i found the chief of that Depart-
ment inaccessible to me. Sir, strange times have
come upon the land when the Secretaries of the
President deny the right to Senators of official
intercourse. Has this form of Government been
changed, and have we, instead of aPiesident, a
| Senate, and House of Representatives,a council of
seven, not often, who wield absolute power and
dominion, and who may sci^e upon liberty and
destroy life (for if they may do one they may do
the other) without law or question? Three times,
f any, f sought an audience from this gentleman
who is elevating himself above the President,
above the Senate, above the House of Represent-
atives, above all the men in the Government to an
| extent, 1 am told, that in the opinion of some wise
!' men is at this moment very alarming; for I un-
:j derstand that this master of the War Department,
who, as I said before, never set a squadron m the
field, undertakes to masterall the laws of stiategy
and all the appliances of force, and is to fight the
war himself. If what rumor savs is true, I am
not hopeful of very prosperous results. Having
matte personally these efforts to secure an audi-
ence and to inquire something about this matter,
and at least to have the opportunity of a peisonal
apology, or excuse, or an explanation why a trial
could not bo had, I took occasion myself to indite
a paper, signed by my colleague in the Senate and
one of my colleagues in the House of Represent-
atives, and addressed to the Secretary of War;
and here, by the way, I may say that the letter
from Mr. Parker met with no response. This is
the letter which we sent to the Secretary of War:
Washington, March 24, 1862.
Sir : The long arrest of General Stone without military
inquiry or trial, which it was at one time understood would
be piomptiy had, has led to complaints fiom many quarter.
General Stone being recognized as a citizen ot the State of
California, many of these complaints have been addressed
to in the form of inquiiies, as well as request*. The in-
quiries we have, of course, been altogether unable to an-
swer, further than that we understood that, by the ai tides
of war, he was entitled to a trial by a day cettain. That
day having passed we could only say ignoramus.
Under all the circumstances.and having known General
Stone for years, and never having had cause to doubt his
loyalty, we feel it our duty to inquire of the Government,
through you, for some explanation of a proceeding which
seems to us most extraoidinary. Gcneial Stone was and
is a military officer of the United States., and as such we
understand him to have been, and to be, subject to military
law. We, at the same time, understand hun to be entitled
to all the rights confeired by the sanic law.
We do not intend to question the power of the Govern-
ment in this proceeding, but we desne most respectfully to
be informed why the lights secured, as we understand, by
military law as to the time of trial aie denied to General
Stone. We present no complaint, but we would like the
assurance that we have no cause of complaint.
J. A. McDOUGALL,
M. S. LATHAM.
A. A. SARGENT.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of fFar.
Here again there was no answer. That letter
has been addressed to the Secretary of War and
sent to him moie than two weeks ago, and there
has been no answer. General McClellan has been
approached, and I am assured that on three sev-
eral times General McClellan himself went to the
Secretary of War and made personal application
for a court-martial in the case of General Stone,
and not only made it as his personal request in
favor of the officer, but threw into that request all
the weight of his personal and official influence,
and to tiiat there has been no response. So,as I
understand, the burden of this wrong is not upon
the senior general in command; and I know it is
not on the great, (1 use the word great in its proper
and just sense,) true, and just man who rightfully
stands as, and in many respects is, the head of
this Government. My complaint of him is only
this, that he permits such things to be done, though
they are not done by any judgment or conduct of
his.
These requests having been ignored, all inqui-
ries at the Department having been ignored, I
have thought that it was becoming me in my place
in the Senate to inquire into these matteis,and to
say what I thought about this conduct of a man
in high place, and what 1 thought of the law gov-
erning it, and how it affects our institutions when
the law is thus mal-administered. What is this
military law? A person undertakes to serve in
arms the country, and he subjects himself to all
the high penalties that belong to that service. He
may be tried by a drum-head court-martial, per-
chance, and shot at the head of his command, or
taken from the ranks and shot. There is with-
drawn fiom him the protection, so far as penal-
ties are concerned, which is thrown about the
humblest citizen of the land. But while the mil-
itary law does necessarily exact this prompt sub-
mission to military penalty, there is some law to
protect the soldier; and the articles of war in Eu-
rope and in this country were not made simply
to punish, some were made to protect those men
who go out to do battle for their country. Gen-
eral Macomb, in his work upon courts-mattial,
referring to the articles of war, and stating some
considerations connected with them, says:
" Thus the liberty of the citizen, under militaiy law, po
fai as is consistent with the ends of justice, seems to he
guarded with pieeautions little inferior m their powet ami
etfieacy to those which secute personal hbeity undei the
civil laws of the State."
The seventy-ninth article of war, which is in-
tended to provide a substantial protection to the
officer in the service of the Government, declares
that—
"No office) or soldmi who shall be put in airest shall
continue in confinement more than eightdays, or until such
time as a court-maitial can be assembled."
