;144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5,
3Tth OoNa....2D Sess.
Confiscation of Property—Mr. Hoive.
Senate.
was vested by their organic laws in their Legis-
latures; and we did the same thing here because
It .was the exercise of a legislative act, and legis-
lative poyrer exclusive is given to the Congress of
the United States. We have more complete con-
trol over people and property in the District of
Columbia than the Legislature of New York has
over the people and property in that State. And
why? Because their legislative powers are lim-
ited by the line which divides that which is re-
tained by the States from that which is given to
the General Government. There is no such dis-
tinction here. We have all the legislative power
within the District which the Congress of the Uni-
ted States and the Legislature of New York com-
bined have within the State of New York.
' That is my answer to the inquiry of the Senator
from Illinois. I did not think it worth while to
say a word upon that measure when it was pend-
ing* here for the emancipation of slaves in tlie Dis-
trict. We were only exercising a power which
was as completely in us as in a State Legislature.
" We were only exerting precisely the power which
liad been exerted by the Legislatures of the States
north of us, and we were only meting out to the
people of the District of Columbia precisely the
same measure of justice which we had secured to
ouro.wn people. What we believed wise and just
and expedient for them we proposed here. 'We
had no new policies to impose or to preserve for
the people of the District of Columbia. We thought
they were entitled to be as free, to be as gieat,to
bo as prosperous us wo claim that our people at
home are; and we claim that that greatness and
that prosperity with us are as much due to the free
institutions which prevail amongst us as to any
other one cause, and we would not withhold these
free institutions from the people of the Districtof
Columbia. We cannot make them as great in
territory, but we believe it will make them as
prosperous.
I said, sir, that I not only believe we had not
.the authority to enact such a bill as this, but that
we ought not to huve it. The Senator from Ver-
mont told us the other day that the very purpose
of a constitutional restriction was to prevent a
tribunal from doing what they wanted to do, or
wlnuevet they might want to do. I thought it
was a very happy statement of a truth at the time.
X thought it was a ^ood hit. Iam not sure but
that i laughed at it. I declarc to-duy, having
looked into the measure which is before the Sen-
ate, that I feel it something like an insult to be
told that the men who nnule our Constitution pro-
vided in it such clauses and used in it such terms
as withheld from us the authority to enact this
bill on the assumption that any Congress would
ever assemble here which would want to enact
such a bill us this is. I should not have thought
of jt myself. X no more should Juivc anticipated
that a Congress would have ever assembled here
which would want to cnact such a law as this
seems to me than 1 should have thought of pro-
viding by a special law against parricide.
But here is the proposition before us. It is very
evident thut some. want to puss it. I am surprised
confess. But I believe they desire to enact
this luw, not because they desire its fruits, but
because they have not fully understood what its
fruits must inevitably be. What is the proposi-
tion com,lined in this bill? Ordinarily, if the law
would deter from the commission of crime, it de-
clares that if any person, without distinction, shall
commit the given crime, and shall be convicted of
H, he shall incur a given penalty. This bill de-
clares that j \ certain persons shall do certain things,
all then- property shall become the property of
he United States the moment the act is done.
If a man commit a murder or a larceny, his life
or his liberty or his property is forfeited when he
is convicted and tho guilt is ascertained by the
courts, and the penalty imposed afterwards
This bill declares if certain men commit trea-
son , their property shall be forfeited at once The
penalty is imposed by the Legislature, and the
guilt is afterwards ascertained by the President
or by the Army, or by commissioners. I say it
is the punishment of crime; 1 say you take away
the man's propelty bccause he has committed a
crime; and why not take it away from the man
in. the same way when he commits anv. other
crime?
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend from Wis-
consin allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin^speaks of this bill as being intended to inflict
punishment upon persons guilty of treason. If it
was passed, undoubtedly it would have that effect
as well as various other effects which it is not
necessary for mo to allude to. I desire to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin, whose infallibility upon
questions of constitutional law of course is not to
be questioned, whether every act of insurrection
and rebellion, circumstances referred to in the
Constitutioivjo^not necessarily imply treason
also, and^hex£e^^ey are to be punished and
dividual acts of treason ?
___ jess *1 should answer the
.the affirmative if I undcr-
£&ally in doubt w.hethei* I do
put downvsinx!
Mr. HO^
Senator's quest
stood it; but
understand it.
Mr. HOWARD. I will repeat it again.
Mr. HOWE. I wish lie would.
Mr. HOWARD. My question is this: whether
every act of insurrection or rebellion referred to in
the Constitution of the United States docs not in
itself imply the commission of the crime of trea-
son, and whether these acts of insurrection or re-
bellion arc to be punished as simply acts of trea-
son, and in no other way?
Mr. HOWE. I do understand that the circum-
stances specified in the Constitution constituting
the crime of treason, when they occur, are trea-
son; and I do understand that when treason is
committed, if it is punished at all, it should be
punished as treason.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I put my question in
another form, for the convenience of the gentle-
man: whether every act of treason under the
Constitution implies legally or necessarily, or
even reasonably, the commission of the act of in-
surrection or rebellion? In short, whether there
may not be a distinction, after all, in contempla-
tion of law, between an act of insurrection and
rebellion and a simple act of treason ?
Mr. HOWE. I dare say there may be; but
insurrection is a crime; rebellion is a crime, or it
is not, one of the two. If it is not a crime, do
not visit it with any penalties. If it is a crime,
impose those penalties as you impose them upon
other crimes. I take it, counterfeiting is a crime;
I take it, perjury is a crime, and if committed, it
ought to bo punished; but the penalties ought to
bo visited upon the individual only when the in-
dividual has been convictcd of the guilt. As it
seems to nni, if you can enact a law which can
take away a man's estate, the whole or any part
of it, because he is engaged in insurrection, be-
cause lie is engaged in a rebellion—I mean, take
it away by the act of the Legislature, take it away
without trial, take it away without.conviction—
you may enact a law to take it away from a per-
son engaged in a riot, or because he is engaged in
a Republican caucus, if you see fit to declare that
exercise crime. It is not because you propose a
vindictive punishment on a heinous crime, but it
is because you execute the penalty by the decree
of the Legislature, and not by the judgment of
the judicial tribunal. That is what I wish to call
your attention to.
My fust reason why we ought not to pass this
bill, even if we had the power to do so, is this:
you are enacting a law to operate upon men to
whom you cannot publish it. The penalties of
this law will be incurred, we know, by vast num-
bers of people within twenty-four hours after itis
enacted. Youcannotinform them ofit; nay,you
cannot publish it to them at all. You cannotsend
a pamphlet down there without getting special
authority to do so. Intercourse is prohibited by
a law winch we ourselves have enacted. I know
the same objection can be urged against the enact-
ment of any law of any sort, and is notconclusive
against tho enactment of this law. it is not our
fault that they are in that condition; but it is theirs,
the only reflection arising from this state of facts
is, that we should be the more careful and cautious
as to the character of the law we enact.
My second objection to this bill is, that it will
punish, necessarily, a great many innocent peo-
ple; a large portion of the penalties will fall upon
men comparatively innocent, while under it a large
class of the men who have the most of the guilt
of this insurrection upon their souls will escape.
How its penalties will fall upon the innocent I will
remark by and by, but just look at the classes
which the bill proposes to punish:
"First. Persons hereafter acting as officers of the army
or navy of the rebels now or hereafter in arms against the
United States."
They are notinnoccnt; they are not necessarily
the guiltiest.
"Secondly. Persons hereafter acting as president, vice
president, members of congress, heads of departments,
judge, foreign minister, consul, or commissioner of the so-
called confederate States.''
They are not innocent; but they are not neces-
sarily the guiltiest.
"Thirdly, rersons hereafter acting as an officer, whether
civil, military, or naval, of any State or Tciritorv, who, by
th<> constitution of the so-called confederate States, nic re-
quired to lake an oath to support said constitution.'7
Now, I suppose, throughout those States there
are State governments,county governments, town
governments, or something which answers to
those. I suppose they have State officers, county
officers, and township officers; and I presume that'
by the constitution of that government called the
confederate government, every one of these men
has to take an oath to support it. You only want
to punish guilty men. I put the question to the
Senate, how guilty is the man who holds a town-
ship office in the State of Georgia, and has no
other complicity with the insurrection? There is
a township there. It must have a government of
somesort. Somebody mustexecufe those powers.
How guilty is the man who takes one of those
township offices or a county office ? What has he
done, if that is the end of his complicity with the
rebellion, which makes us single him nut and put
him into a class which is to be specially visited
with the indignation of the Government?
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
told us, the other day, of one of the,most distin-
guished jurists, and one of the most distinguished
men the woild has known, who felt it to be his
religious duty, his conscientious duty, to take
upon himself the office of chief justice of England
under a Government which he believed to be ille-
gitimate. He took the office, and executed its
duties. This bill proposes not only to punish all
those men who take the first posts and positions
under this illegitimate government, but any post,
any position whatever under it—confederate,
State, county, township.
"Fourthly. Persons who, having held an office of honor,
trust, or profit under the United States, shall take up arms
agains-t the United States."
These are among the guiltiest of the rebels, but
they are not till necessarily the guiltiest.
" Fifthly Persons who mvnmg proppny in the loyal States
or Ten nones or the loyal poitions of disloyal Suites shall
hereafter assist or give aid and eomfoit to the present re-
bellion."
What is the circumstance which distinguishes
an individual of this class from every other man in
those districts who is engaged in treasonable prac-
tices? There is but one distinguishing circum-
stance. He owns property in the loyal States or in
the loyal portions of the insurrectionary Stales.
That is all. Two men live side by side in Eastern
Virginia. One owns property in Western Virginia,
the other does not. The former is a blacksmith,
and shoes the horse of a dragoon. He has thus
given aid to the rebellion. All his property, where
ever situate, is forfeited to the Government. The
other mounts the horse and joins the rebel army,
he owns no property in any loyal district and so,
ah hough he may own large estates in Richmond,
this bill will not harm him.
But I submit that by the terms of this bill the
guiltiest class of all, in the rebellious States, are
not visited at all. Of all those arrayed in hostility
to this Government, in my judgment, the guiltiest
are not those who fill the offices, civil, military,
and naval, under the confederate government, but
theyaie those who created those offices and re-
quired them to be filled. They are not those who
command the army, but those who summoned it
into the field; not those who fight the battles, but
those who made the war.
Before the rebellion was inaugurated the peo-
ple of South Carolina had a government of their
own, clothed with certain powers as legitimate as
those we exert. And before any citizen of South
Carolina incurred the guilt of treason the govern-
ment* of that Stale had laid its command upon
