1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
64?
The resolution looks to the creation by Con-
gress of a fiscal agency, to be located at the great
money center of the country—the city of New
York. It looks to the issue by it, upon the de-
posit by the Secretary of the Treasury of a cer-
tain amount in coin, and a certain amount in Gov-
ernment securities, of notes equal to the amount
of coin and Government securities deposited. It
looks to a rate of interest and to a time of pay-
ment which will command the capital of the coun-
try and the confidence of those who have it. I
propose, with the leave of the Senate, to modify
the resolution so far as to strike from it the word
" fifty" wherever it occurs, and insert the words
" twenty-five," and the words " one hundred and
fifty," and insert the words " seventy-live," so
that, upon the deposit by the Secretary of the
Treasury of $25,000,000 in coin and §75,000,000
in bonds proposed to be issued under the resolu-
tion, the Secretary of the Treasury would receive
from the agency §100,000,0(^3 of notes; and so,
from time to time, as the exigencies of the Treas-
ury may require it, a further deposit of like
amounts of specie and of Government securities
to be made with the agency.
The resolution proposes the issue of two classes
of bonds: bonds having ten years to run and bear-
ing seven per cent, interest, to the amount of
§200,000,000; and bonds having thirty years to run
and bearing eight per cent, interest, to the amount
of ^800,000,000, if the exigencies of the Treasury
require it, reserving, however, to the Government
the right to redeem the first class of bonds at any
time after five years, and the second class at any
time after twenty years.
I venture the prediction that if some such policy
as that suggested in the resolution shall receive
the approbation of Congress, theic will never be
one of the eight hundred millions of bonds sold in
the market. The two hundied millions will com-
mand all the coin that will be necessary to keep up
the proportion ofspecie to the issue ofnotcs, and the
eight hundred millions of bonds will only bo taken
by those who hold to the amount of one hundred
dollars or upwards the notes issued by this agency,
provision being made for the holders demanding,
instead of specie from, the fiscal agency, the eight
per cent, bonds upon the presentation of the notes
that are issued by the agency. I would have these
eight per cent, bonds issued in sums of §100 and
upwards, so that the holder of §100 of the notes
of the agency may have it in his power to receive
, an eight per cent, bond for that amount.
This, in brief, Mr. President, is the scheme con-
templated by the resolution. I trust that it will
receive the consideration of the Finance Commit-
tee of this body, and that when a bill from the
other House looking to the raisingofrevenue shall
come before it, and'thnsthe power be given to the
Senate to propose amendments, the subject of tax-
ation wiil receive its consideration, in connection
with the other subjects contemplated by the reso-
lution. I propose to raise the means to pay the
interest upon these bonds that are to be issued by
what I will call direct and internal taxation; in
other words, by taxation other than that derived
from our ordinary tariff laws. The tariff should
be left to provide the means to defray the ordinary
civil expenses of the Government; and if it shall
receive that attention which so important a sub-
ject deserves at the hands of Congress, it will be
so modified, it will be so reduced, it will be so
changed from its present prohibitory character, as
to make it a tariff for revenue, under winch we
may reasonably expect to derive all that may be
necessary to defray the ordinary civil expenses
of the Government. Our present tariff ought now
to be entitled "an act prohibiting importations
from abroad," for that is its character.
The sum to be raised under this resolution to meet
the interest upon the bonds proposed to be issued,
and to redeem within the time specified the prin-
cipal, will not exceed $100,000,000. Thoiosolution
looks in the first place to the payment ot seven
per cent, interest upon £,200,000,000, which is
§14,000,000; then to the paymentof eight per cent,
interest on $SOO,OOOsQOO, which is $64,000,000;
and then to the providing of a sinking fund to re-
deem within the time specified these bonds that
arc to be issued. Do that with the pledge that the
resolution proposes shall go along of the public
lands forever to be held sacred as a fund for the
payment of these bonds, and you will have no
difficulty in commanding in the market all the coin
that you may want to enable you to conduct the
Government in this extraordinary emergency, and
at the same time to save the people from a depre-
ciated and irredeemable paper issue, one of the
greatest calamities, save that of civil war, that can
be inflicted upon them.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have directed me to report back House bill
No. 224, making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy, without amendment.
As it is a very short bill, and entirely in conform-
ity with the estimates, I suppose it may as well be
passed now.
By unanimous consent,the bill (H. R. No. 224)
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1863, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DISTRICT COURT OF MAINE.
Mr. COWAN. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 93) for
changing the place for holding the September term
of the district court of the United States in the
district of Maine, have directed me to report it
back without amendment; and as I believe there
will be no objection to it, 1 will ask that it be put
on its passage.
There beingno objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It directs that the district court of the United
States now held at Wiscasset, in the district of
Maine, on the first Tuesday of September of each
year, shall be hereafter held at Bath, in that dis-
trict, on the same day of each year; and all indict-
ments, suits, informations, actions, proceedings,
recognizancesofcvery kind,whether civil or crim-
inal, are to have day in court, and be proceeded
in, heard, tried, and determined in Hath in the
same manner and on the same day they might be
in Wiscasset.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to b#engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXPENSES OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inquire oft he Chair
what is the condition of Senate bill No. 142, "A
bill relating to Congress," and whether it remains
a special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is still a special
order, but there are previous orders in ad\anec
of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply ask the per-
mission of the Senate, then, to have that bill as-
signed for to-morrow, so that it may be taken up
and disposed of. It is important to settle the ques-
tion. 1 ask that it be made a special order for to-
morrow, at any hour that may be convenient.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have a special order
for to-morrow, which was made on the motion ot
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr Hale.]
Mr. SHERMAN. That is for Friday. I think
it will not take very long to dispose of the bill.
Mi. FESSENDEN. That motion will require
a vote of two thirds.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust it will not be objected
to. It is important to settle the question whether
or not the Senate will consider these bills for the
reduction of expenditures, and what principle of
reduction, if any, they will adopt. That is all I
desiie. 1 may wish to speak for a short time on
the sub)ect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I deem it important that
we should adhuie to the rule we have adoptcd^ in
regard to special orders. If there is any bil I of im-
mediate pressing importance, I have no objection
to having it assigned as a special order, and I pre-
sume two thirds of the Senate will agn e to it; but
because a particular bill, which of not immediate
pressing importance, happens to be interesting to
gentlemen, I do not tlnnk it worth while to vary
our mle. We passed it, meaning, i suppose, that
it should have some force, and I feel bound to ob-
ject to anymore of these special orders, unless they
aie of the character I have described.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that any bill
can be more important than this series of bills, and
I wish now, once for all, that the Senate would
determine upon the course to be pursued in regard
to these bills. An effort will be made at this ses-
sion, either in the form of amendments to the ap-
propriation bills or some other form, to reduce the
compensation of various' officers of the Govern-
ment. I shall feel it my duty to press that ques-
tion at any time when it is suitable to the Senate.
It is important now to consider the question, be-
cause if the Senate should fail to act upon these
bills I shall consider it my duty to offer amend-
ments to the appropriation bills in such a form as
to bring the subject before the Senate. All I de-
sire is that the Senate shall consider the matter,
and shall determine the principle upon which the
reduction, if any, is to be made; and the question
whether or not the Senate will reduce compensa-
tion. If not, as a matter of course, I shall acqui-
esce with great pleasure in the judgment of the
Senate; but I think it is important that this ques-
tion should bo decided at an early day because'it
is constantly presented. An appropriation bill
has been passed to-day. This proposed change
of compensation will affect to some extent the apr
propriations made even under that bill, and also
under the legislative appropriation bill which is
now pending before the Committee on Finance. I
shall, therefore, insist on my motion that this bill
be made a special order for to-morrow in order
that we may have it before the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I submit to the Senator from
Ohio whether ho will not be much more likely to
accomplish his purpose by moving at some con-
venient time to take up the bill. That can be car-
ried by a majority; and he will be much more
likely to bring it before the Senate in that way
than he will by insisting on making it a special
order, which will require a vote of two thirds.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will adopt the suggestion
of the Senator, and to-morrow, if I can get the
floor, I wHl move to take up the bill.
PAY OI? ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up for consideration Senate bill No. 175, to
define the pay and emoluments of certain officers
of the Army, and for other purposes. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have reported the bill,
with an amendment to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and insert a substitute.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, and then the question will be on agreeing to
the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
suppose it is necessary to read the entire bill. Let
the amendment which we have reported as a sub-
stitute bo read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of the
bill will be dispensed with by the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
The amendment reported by the committee will
be read.
The Secrctaiy read the amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That officers of the Army having brevet commissions
i-liall not bo entitled to any mcieaac of pay or emoluments
bevau-e of tho cxcicise of command according to their
bievet rank.
iSec. 2. %/ind be it further enactcd, That officers of the
Aimy entitled to forage for horses shall not be allowed to
commute it. but shall draw the allowance in kind for each
hoi*e actually kept by them as authorized by law.
Sec. 3. Jln& be it "fuilhcr enacted, That major generals
shall be. entitled to draw forage in kind for four horses;
bn^adier generals for throe lioises; colonels, lieutenant
colonels, andnutjois, two horses each; captains and lieu-
tenants of cavalry and artillery for two horses each; and
chaplains foi one horse.
Hec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever an offi-
cer of the Aimy shall employ a soldier as his servant, he
shall for each and evoiy month during which said soldier
shall be so employed, deduct tiom his own monthly pay the
full amount paid to or expended by the Government per
month on account of said soldier; and every officer of the
Aimy who shall fail to make such deduction shall, on con-
viction before a general couii-mauial, be cashiered.
Rec. 5. -And be it further enacted, That the first section
of the act appioved August 6, 1861, increasing the pay ot
puvates in the United States service, shall not be so con-
stiueii 5 after the passage of this act, as to increase the emol-
uments of the commissioned olfieeis' of the Army; and
the eighth section of the act of 2^d July, 1861, chaptermne,
<hall bo so constiued as to give to quartermaster &eigeants
the same compensation as "to regimental commissary ser-
^°Skc. 6. Jlnd Ic, it further enacted, That so much of the
act approved 22U Jiilv, 1861, as authorizes
of volunteers in the United States service to have i.wenty-
four musicians for a band, and fixes the compensation of the
