2626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
offered by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pom-
EROY.]
The Secretary then read the amendment, which
is to insert at the end of section two:
Jlnd provided further, That the land scrip authorized to
be issued by the Secretary of the Interior shall state upon
its face that the issue was by virtue of this law; and thatall
assignments shall be upon or annexed to the scup, and shall
contain the name of the assignee ; and no assignment to any
one person shall be valid for more than one section of six
hundred and forty acres.
Mr. WILKINSON callcd for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. One reason why I oppose the
passage of this bill is, that it will encourage spec-
ulation in the public lands, and I wish to see land
speculations broken up in this country. I do not
want to see large quantities of the public lands
pass into the hands of a single individual, and for
that reason I favor this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I move this amendment to
the bill, not only for the reason that has been
stated by the Senator from Minnesota, but also
for the sake of being able to trace every identical
piece of land scrip that may be in the market to
the State that issued it, and also to the act of Con-
gress by virtue of which it was issued. Without
this amendment there will be no way of telling
when this scrip comes into the market what State
issued it, whether that State was loyal to the
Union, to whom it was issued, or whether more
scrip was not issued than the State was entitled
to under the provisions of the act. The land
warrant scrip that has been issued by the Gov-
ernment has been guarded in this way; the name
of the soldier is inserted in the warrant, and you
can always trace every land warrant that we re-
ceive in our land office to the soldier, to the com-
pany, to the regiment, to the place of his service.
Without something of this kind in this scrip, it
will be thrown upon the market loosely, ana as
the Senator from Minnesota says, it will accumu-
late in the hands of individuals in grentquantities,
and will be located in large bodies, very much to
the detriment of the public interest. But by put-
ting the name of the assignee in the scrip, by
tracing it to the State that issued it, by providing
that but one section shall be located by a single
person, it comes in harmony with the general pro-
visions and sentiment of Congress in the home-
stead bill, that the lands shall be located in small
quantities by the actual occupants; and with this
provision the objection which my colleague and
otheis have had to this bill will be removed.
Mr. WADE. I believe such a limitation would
be new in any of these grants of land. I am sure
I am as favorable to the distribution of land in
small quantities as anybody, and it is for that
reason that I have been so anxious for the pas-
sage of the homestead bill. Such a limitation as
this, however,is unusual. We do not impose it
when we grant lands to railroads. We have
granted vast quantities ofland for the construction
of railroads, and we have never imposed any re-
striction of this kind. I ask the Senator whether
in his Pacific bill which grants an immense quan-
tity of land, it is proposed to make the same lim-
itation.
Mr. POMEROY. In reply to that I will say,
we do not allow a railroad company to issue land
scrip and go into the market with it. This bill
allows land scrip to be issued, like land warrants,
and thrown upon the market. We never allow
any such thing as that in the case of a railroad
company.
Mr. WADE. If the object is to prevent mo-
nopoly, I do not see why the same restriction
should not be applied to a railroad grant. There
will be no greater facilities for a monopoly under
this grant, than undera railroad grant. The whole
fee-simple is transferred to the railroad company
who can sell it outin suchlotsas they see lit, and
there has been no restriction on them. It may de-
teriorate the value of this grant very much if we
impose such a limitation. I may here remark that
gentlemen seem to magnify this grant beyond
what it really amounts to. The bill proposes to
grant but little over nine millions of acres. It is
only a drop in the bucket compared to what we
have granted and are granting for railroads, as
sivamp lands, and for other purposes. Gentlemen
magnify this as though there was something un-
usual about it. I do not see that there is, and I
hardly think we ought to place it under greater re-
strictions than other grants. When the grant is for
so laudable and worthyUm object, I do not think
we ought to lay it under restrictions that we have
never insisted upon in other cases. It cannot
operate very extensively so as to amount to a
monopoly. The other limitation which we have
already consented to, I understood removed the
principal objection which tjje other Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Lane] had, and I was in hopes then
that the bill would be permitted to pass without
the embarrassment of further amendments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me that this
amendment cannot operate with any peculiar hard-
ship. If I understand the bill, this scrip is to be
issued to the States. The States, as a matter of
course, when they sell, will keep an account of
their sales; and the amendment simply provides
that they shall not sell to any one individual scrip
for more than a section of land.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It prevents the States
selling the lands in a body.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A section is not a very
small quantity, and if the land scrip were sold in
that way, and no individual could purchase more
than six hundred and forty acres, the scrip would
be sold to the men of the State, who would hold
it for themselves and their children, and locate it.
I do not see that it can operate with any hardship.
In my opinion the scrip sold in that way will
sell for more than it will if the States take it all
and throw it into Wall street, in the city of New
York, and sell it all at once. So far from depre-
ciating thefund, myjudgmentis thatitwill bring
more money.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to contend about
this question. My only concern is that I fear this
provision may detract from the value of the grant.
The principle of having the lands settled in small
quantities I am in favor of; but I am afraid that,
practically, this amendment will detract from the
value of the grant.
Mr. COLLA.MER. I desire to suggest that,
if the States have this grant made to them, and
they are restricted in their sales to only one sec-
tion at a time to a man,and ho has to go outand
locate it, the grant amounts to nothing. You have
passed a homestead bill by which men can go and
settle on the land without paying for it. Then
how can it be expected that men will purchase
land scrip of the States if they are required at
once to go and settle on the land ? The grant will
never amount to anything because they can now
go and settle without paying anything. If this
amendment is adopted the grant will be so re-
stricted as to be worth nothing.
Mr. WADE. If the amendment has that ele-
ment in it, of course the grant would amount to
nothing, and would not be of any value whatever;
but I did not suppose it had that element about it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is precisely it.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator from Ver-
mont hassuggested just the objection to this whole
bill. You are getting a grant of that which is
going to be worth nothing at all to anybody; but
it is going to impose a burden upon one portion
of the country. You have declared to all the world
that any man who wants a quarter section of land
and will go and settle on it, can have it. Now no
man is going to buy scrip, soldier's scrip or any-
body else's scrip, which will just authorize the
taking up of a quarter section of land. Nobody
is going to buy that and pay for it as long as any
man who wants land to use can have it for noth-
ing, because there never is going to be a market
for that scrip while that state of things exists.
Mr. GRIMES. Then ho w is it going to oper-
ate disadvantageously, and injure the States?
Mr. HOWE. Justin this way: the State of
New York will get a certain quantity of this scrip
which will be put up in a raffle; it will be got rid
of in some way; somebody will be fooled into the
purchase of it as men are fooled into the purchase
ot mock jewelry; they will get it at some price;
you never will get a fund out of it in the State of
New York or any other State that will keep a
professor of agriculture from starving one week;
but it will be got rid of at one price or another,
and it will be gambled around for a while, and
by and by somebody will locate some lands with
it somewhere, picking out some sections, and these
lands will be withdrawn from the operation of the
homestead bill. Just as fast as this scrip is lo-
cated, just so fast the land will be taken out of the
reach of the homestead bill, if an amendment is
adopted to the bill which compels every man who
locates a quarter section or any other quantity to
settle it and occupy it, to stay there, that is not
going to injure the locality; that is going to be an
advantage; but the result of that will be simply to
put some bogus scrip on the market, to sell it for
something when it is actually worth nothing. I
confess that if an amendment was adopted which
obliged the holder of this scrip before he obtained
'a title to a piece of land under it, to settle on the
land and stay upon the land, my objection to the
bill would in a great measure be obviated. I
should consider it still rather an immoral thing for
the Government to go into.
This purpose of founding agricultural schools
I hopcl am as much in favor of asanybody; but
I cannot, for my life, see that any agricultural
school is going to get any benefit from this grant.
It seems to me that it is absolutely impossible
that any fund should be realized from it. In the
course of this debate, as I have listened to it cas-
ually, one argument has specially entered into it.
It is, that heretofore in the administration of the
public domain, the Congress of the United States
has been very liberal to the new States, and now
that the old States are entitled to some compen-
sation. As a representative from a new State, I
do not stand here to enter any complaint against
the Congress of the United States; that it has
been liberal enough, I am not going to deny; but
that it has been piofligate or prodigal in the ad-
ministtation of the publicdomain towards the new
States, I am here to deny. I grant that you have
donated a great many landsfor railroad purposes.
Who has got the benefitof them? Every railroad
grant you have made has been for the purpose
and has had the practical effect of just linking the
new States to the old ones. That is the effect
you wanted them to have, and it is the effect they
ought to have; but it has made the whole North-
west and the whole West but little more than a
province of New York. That is the practical
result of the thing. You have granted lands for
school purposes, a section in every township, and
five hundred thousand acres, I think, in every
State for a university. This is very fair, very
commendable; but does any man think that was
for the benefit of the new States? There were no
new States when you made these giants; there
was nobody there; you had landsand you wanted
them occupied,and you offered some inducements
to the people to go there and occupy them. If
any man thinks the Congress of the United States
has been excessively liberal in this matter, I have
simply to say that no decent man ever undertook
to lay out a town in the West, or the South, or
anywhere else and build it up, but he offered as
liberal inducements, proportioned to the objects
he had in view, as the Government of the United
States has offered to the settlement of its public
domain.
But I think whatever may be said of the liber-
ality of the Government, it comes about to this:
you have given to these several townships a sec-
tion of land, and you have given to the States five
hundred thousand acres, and you have got in re-
turn the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, and
all those States; and I think you have made a
good bargain. I think they are worth as much to
the nation to-day as the lands wcruld have been if
you had not given them. If we owe you any-
thing, I say, on behalf of the West, for one lam
willing to pay it in cash, or a few more of us will
go into the Army and work it out; anything to
square the account.
Now, then, if you really want the benefit of
education, or if you want to ingraft a new kind
of education upon the educational system of the
country, I am ready for it; but do not attempt to
get a fund out of these lands. I3y so doing, vou
will beggar them; you will impoverish them; you
will cheat them. You have said to the world, that
whereas you have been selling these lands for $200
a quartei section, you would now lather have five
years' work of a good resolute settler than the
$200, which is only twelve dollars a year; that
you would rather have the settlement of such a
family than have the money. That is good policy;
that is good, sound judgment; but, having said
that you would give the lands to settlers, do not
try now to make anything more out of them. It
cannot be done. If you wish to put the burden
of educating the agricultural interest of the coun-
