1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
who renders him any assistance, or communicates
to him any information. A Senator has intro-
duced and recommended to the head of the rebel-
lion a man who goes to dispose of an important
improvement in fire-arms. In my judgment it is
necessary that we should mark this act with the
seal of our strongest reprobation.
I do not take into the account the speeches
which the Senator from Indiana has made or the
votes that he has given, still less the votes that he
has omitted to give, in this Chamber. His speeches
complained of have fallen shortof those from other
Senators, whose remarks passed with no more
notice than the ordinary replies of debate; some-
times without even that. And however he has
voted, and whenever he has omitted to vote or to
propose substitutes for the measures which he has
opposed, he has shared that responsibility with
Senators of whom no complaint has been made. Ik
my opinion, it would be monstrous to expel a Sen-
ator for either of these reasons; and I think that
we should be cautious how we take them into the
account, even by way of illustration. I found my
vote simply on the reason assigned in the resolu-
tion itself.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not rise, Mr. President,
further to discuss the resolution now before the
Senate. The time for such discussion has passed.
The question is settled. It needs but the form of
a vote to indicate the determination of the Senate.
The Senator from Indiana is to be expelled.
Nothing further needs to be said with a view to
control the action of the Senate. But, sir, a few
things have occurred since I had the honor to ad-
dress the Senate upon this question, which, in my
judgment, deserve a brief notice.
M any Senators have expressed their views upon
the question before the Senate. It has been very
amply discussed,and the discussion has embraced
a very wide range. I am glad to say and believe
that most of the Senators who have addressed the
Senate upon this subject have confined themselves
very properly within the merits of the question
pending; but other Senators, influenced 1 fear by
the temper and the spirit which rules the hour,
have gone aside from the question before the Sen-
ate and indulged m the discussion of matters which
were, so far as I can perceive, entirely irrelevant
to that under consideration. Some Senators, I
think, have merged the character of the Senatoi
and the judge in that of the partisan and the advo-
cate.
The SenatorfromMassachusetts [Mr.Sumner]
at an early stage of the debate pronounced an able
and an eloquent speech in which he, with suffi-
cient severity, portrayed the enormity of the guilt
of the Senator from Indiana. Not content with
that, again yesterday he re-presented the case in
stately terms and polished rhetoric in an elaborate
speech—a speech which would well become the
unremitting prosecuting attorney. I would not be
discourteous, but it seemed to me like heaping
blows upon a fallen foe.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] has
made I think not much less than a dozen speeches
upon this occasion, some of them of no ordinary
length. I think he might not inaptly be denom-
inated the senior counsel in this prosecution. Not
content with that, he has visited the committee
rooms and interrogated clerks with a view to im-
peach the manly testimony of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance.
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson]—a
man to whom my heart goes out in warmer and
more gushing sympathy than any other man on
this floor; a man of noble, lofty, patriotic, self-
sacrificing spirit—he, too, stepped aside from the
question pending before the Senate, and in the
most eloquent terms depicted to us the horrors of
this rebellion, and the heresy of the doctrine of
non-coercion. In all this I agree with him; in all
this I sympathise with him; but it was irrelevant
to the question.
The Senator from Massachusetts told us yes-
terday that he regarded it as important that we
should establish a precedent m this case, one that
should hereafter stand exercising a benignant in-
fluence. Sir, what is the precedent we are about
to establish ? What is the principle upon which
this case is to be decided? What is to be that
benign influence that this precedent is to exert in
future time? Is the Senator from Indiana to be
expelled because he is guilty of treason ? I sought
on a former occasion to show that that was the
only proper ground on which the Senate could
act; but is it about to expel him because he is thus
guilty? Clearly not. This Senate will not vote
to-day to expel the Senator from Indiana because
they convicted him of treason. Let us see. The
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] the
other day, in one of the fairest arguments that has
been presented to this body, used the following
language—language becoming the judge, the im-
partial and enlightened judge:
" But I am ft auk to admit that if I were sitting as a juror,
there are those doubts hanging about the ease that would
make me hesitate to pronounce a verdict of guilty; but as
a Senator, I will not hesitate as to the vote I shall give
Iieie." * * * * Ckl know not under what
circumstances of haste, or thoughtlessness, the letter was
written. These, it they existed, were for the Senatorfrom
Indiana to show. There may not have existed, at the time
the letter was written, that deliberate and wicked puipose
essential to the technical crime of treason." * *
* * " As a juror, I might even refuse on the case, as
it stands, to pronounce the verdict of guilty of high treason.
But when the case is presented to me as a Senator—is the
Senator from Indiana a safe man to sit here? Is his loyalty
and fidelity to the Government justly obnoxious to strong
and well-grounded impeachment?"
And, again, he said:
" Wo sit hero in ti ial upon the Senator from Indiana, not
to pionounce judgment against him for the crime of trea-
son, but to say by'our votes, under the facts before uc, if he
be a loyal and safe man to sit m this high council of State."
The Senator from Pennsylvania, therefore—and
I think he has many who concur with him in the
view he entertains—will expel the Senator from
Indiana, not for treason, not because he wrote the
letter to Jefferson Davis with a treasonable design,
for I have conceded that if he thus wrote it ho
oughtto be expelled, but because there are grounds
to suspcct that he is disloyal, and unsafe to sit
here. What a reason that is for pronouncing a
judicial decision !
The Senatorfrom Tennessee used this language:
u We have the power and the right"—
I admit the physical power, but I deny the legal
right.
u We have the power and the right to expel any member
from the Senate whenever we deem that the public inter-
ests are unsafe in his hands, and that he is unfit to he a
member ot the body."
Sir, I have already alluded to the past history
of the Senator, and I have indicated my idea that
there are Senators now here who would long since
have been sent out of the body in disgrace if such
a rule of decision were to prevail. Again, the Sen-
ator from Tennessee said:
" Has the member unfitted himself, 1ms he disqualified
himself, ill view of the cxtraoidinary condition ol llie cum -
try, il'Olll discharging the dunes of a Senator." * * *
<■ Can the nation and does the nation have confidence in
committing its destinies to the Senator fionl Indiana, and
othcts who are situated like hint?"
Observe the language. Is this prosecution to
pause here? Are " others situated like him" to
be the subject of some subsequent lesolution?
" When you pass through the country"—
I admit it; the atmosphere that surrounds the
Senate is not confined to this body.
" When you pass through the country, the common in-
quny Is, <Whv has not Senator Bright, and whvhave not
others like him, been expelled from the Penater' I have
had the question a-ked me again and again.-''
And what Senator has not? It is, as I have
already said, the spirit that rules the hour:
" If such a letter had been written in the purest innocence
of intention, with no treasonable design, with 110 desuo to
injure his own Government''—
Observe the strong language used here, and then
see what sort of a precedent we are to set:
" If such a letter had been written in the purest innocence
of intention, with no treasonable design, witti no desire to
injure ins own Govennnt lit, jet, 111 view of all tile circum-
stances, in view of tile facts which had tianspired, a Sen-
ator who would be so unthoughtiul and so negligent, and so
regardless of lits count!'} interest's, as to write such a let-
ter, 13 not entitled to a seat on tills floor."
And this proposition received the applause of
the gallery. Now, sir, 1 ask what is the^value of
a precedent that is to be set. when such views and
such doctrines are announced by Senators who
take part in the debate as the ground upon which
this resolution is to be passed?
The Sena tor from Massachusetts seemed to find,
in the course taken by those who have opposed
the adoption of this resolution, some inconsist-
ency, when compared with their action in refer-
ence to the resolutions for the expulsion of Breck-
inridge, Polk, and Johnson. Sir, the Senator has
not well considered the great, distinguishing dif-
ference between those cases and that now before
the Senate. There Breckinridge and Polk and
Johnson had severed themselves voluntarily from
this body; in the very language of the Constitu-
tion, they had united with the enemies of the coun-
try, and were furnishing them aid and comfort;
the evidence of their treason was palpable; it was
conclusive beyond all doubt. They themselves,
if they had been here, would not have denied it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask a question
of the Senator.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. As the Senator is on the
Judiciary Committee, I wish that he would state
what evidence came before the Senate of their
treason; what legal evidence was presented to this
body?
Mr. HARRIS. I do not understand the ques-
tion. Will the Senator repeat it?
Mr. WILKINSON. I asked the Senator, ashe
was on the Judiciary Committee, what legal evi-
dence was presented to the Senate in regard to the
treason of those gentlemen?
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I do not choose
to be diverted from the few remarks 1 have to sub-
mit here by a discussion of the evidence in the case
of those gentlemen. Theeyidencewaspatent; per-
fectly well understood in the Senate,as well as in
the committee. Everybody knew that the fact was
established that those gentlemen had united them-
selves with the traitors, and were engaged in the
prosecution of this rebellion openly and actively.
O11 the other hand, how is it here? The Senator
from Indiana is in his seat, claiming to represent
aloyal State, claiming to bealoyal man.furnish-
ing considerable evidence, I think, that he isaloyal
man, discharging his duties as a Senator. Hemay
entertain, I think he does entertain, heretical po-
litical notions—notions of a dangerous tendency.
I admit that even. But, sir, that is not the ques-
tion on which, I think, this resolution ought to be
decided. The question is whether or not he wrote
the letter for which he is accused with a treason-
able design. If he did, he ought to be expelled;
if he did not, there is not sufficient evidence before
this body to justify a decision against him.
But, sir, tlie question is settled; he is to be ex-
pelled, and the precedent, such as it is, is to be
set. 1 therefore do not choose further to discuss
the question. There is, however, one subject
somewhat personal to myself and yet not entirely
irrelevant to this question, to which I deem it my
duty to allude.
An attempt has been made in the Legislature of
my State, and I understand in the Legislature of
one or more other States, to reanimate the stiff-
ened corse of legislative instructions—that spe-
cious emanation of the pernicious and well nigh
fatal doctrine of State rights, a doctrine which, as
we all most painfully realize, has well nigh brought
down the fabric of our Government overourheads.
At this very hour I suppose the Senator from In-
diana is on trial in the State Legislature of New
York. What the result of the discussion there,
which has been continued almost though not quite
as long as here, may be, I do not know; nor, sir,
so far as my vote upon this resolution is con-
cerned, is it important that I should know. The
circumstances under which the attempt to resus-
citate this exploded doctrine in the New York
Legislature has been made arc somewhat peculiar;
indeed, sir, they are very extraordinary. Nine-
teen of my colleagues at the other end of the Cap-
itol, most of them, I think all, my personal as
well as political friends, men whom I hold in high
esteem, and by whose judgment I would beguided
as soon as by the judgment of any other nineteen
men, jealous of the honor of their State, and, as I
think, and am willingto believe, in the spiritoftruc
friendship, saw fit to communicate with the Legis-
lature of New York, and to solicit that in order to
save our noble State from dishonor and disgrace,
and perhaps to relieve their humble representative
here from a similar dishonor, they should under-
take to instruct him as to the vote he should give
on this question.
Let me not be misunderstood, Mr. President;
I make no complaint of my colleagues; none at
all. I regaid them all as my personal and polit-
ical friends; I acquit them all of any intention to
injure, or even to censure me; I account for the
course they have taken, as I account for much
else that has occurred during this discussion, by
the peculiar atmosphere that surrounds the Sen-
ate; but in my humble judgment, they have gons
