1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2627
try upon the Treasury of the nation, just say so,
and appropriate the money out of the Treasury.
Why not as well appropriate money as land, if
your lands are worth anything? If your lands
are worth nothing, as I say they are under the
policy of your homestead bill, do not attempt to
appropriate them. If you say they are worth
something, let them go under the homestead bill,
and appropriate the value of them in money, what-
ever that is.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, MeDougail, Nesmitb, Pomerov, Rice,
Saulsbury, Stark, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cariiie, Uhandiei, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harris, Ken-
nedy, King, Momll, Snmnftr, Ten Eyek, Wade, Willcy,
and Wilson ~of Massachusetts—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs upon an amendment which was submitted
by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] to in-
seit in the fifth section as the seventh article:
Art. 7. No State shall be entitled to the benefits of this
act unless it shall avail itself of the provisions thereof witlnn
two years from the date of its approval by the President.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
reconsidering the vote by which the Senate have
just agreed to the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
Mr. LATHAM. I think it is due to the Sen-
ate that the Senator from Connecticut should state
some reason for the proposed reconsideration. It
looks like child's play to be reconsidering a vote
which has just passed by such a clear majority.
If there ts any good reason for it 1 shall not object,
but I have heard none.
Mr. DIXON. The motion which I made was
to reconsider the vote which stood 20 to 19; I can
only specify it in that way. 1 voted in the affirm-
ative under a misapprehension; I desire to change
my vote, and for that reason I move a reconsid-
eration.
Mr. WADE. I regard the amendment just
adopted, under the construction given to it by the
Senator from Vermont, as fatal to the bill; it re-
ducesitto just about nothing at all, andof course
Senators who are opposed to the bill inay very
well vote for the amendment; but I warn my
friends here that if they seek to attach to this bill
this particular amendment, I shall offer it, and
expect the vote of the Senate for it, as a restric-
tion on all grants of land for railroad purposes,
because I cannot see that grants of lands to rail-
road companies are any more meritorious than
the giant is under this bill. It is a new principle
that is sought to be ingrafted on this grant of land
for purposes of agricultural education. I shall
i xpect Senators who vote for this amendment
now, in order to be consistent with themselves, to
■sustain it when it is offered as a restriction on
railroad grants. I can see no reason for a dis-
tinction in the cases. The only difference is, that
the grants to railroads are on a vastly larger scale
than this. I admit that the purposes of those
grants are laudable and meritorious. I am in
favor of constructing railroads. No man is more
in favor of making a railroad to the Pacific than
I am; and, if necessary, I am in favor of grants
of land for that road and for branches to it; but
noveltheless, if gentlemen will clog and incum-
ber this grant with a provision like this, that
will withdraw the lands from market entiiely, I
shall contend that the same restriction shall be
ingrafted on those grants. If that policy is to be
iiuiodueed and applied to this grant, let it be made
general, ft is a new thing. I do not know but
tlhit it would bo well enough if we had begun with
it at the start. 1 do not know, indeed, that we
ounht to have made some of the grants of land
that have been made; but I believe, with the Sen-
aior from Wisconsin, that thev have been benc-
fiual, that the States are worth infinitely more,
and that the Governmentis rieherand more pow-
erful than it would he to-day if it had been less
liberal in grants of land. I think we ought to
allow settlers to have the public lands at very lib-
eral prices, and I have always been an advocate
for that policy since 1 have had a seat on this
floor. I am so now; but to take this grant, which
is vastly less than many weare making constantly,
and to clog and incumber it with a condition that
will defeat it and destroy its value, is, I think,
impolitic, illiberal, and unjust.
As to what the Senator from Wisconsin has
said aboutthe old States and the new, gentlemen
argue as though a new State in which the Gen-
eral Government has land owned that land, and
that we are really granting away something that
belongs to the people of the new States. I do not
think that is the principle on which it turns.
This land belongs to the General Government,
and we have the right to dispose of it as we see
fit; but certainly in making that disposition we
should, if possible, do it upon such terms as will
not operate to the detriment of the people of the
new States. I do not think this bill will have that
effect. If I believed it would operate to their disad-
vantage Iwould notbe in favorof it. It is no more
of a monopoly than we have always had in every
new State. The State I represent has paid as
much money to the General Government for its
lands as any, yea, vastly t/iore than any State in
this Union. The people there were impoverished
for many years by the payment of the full price
of the Government land. We have got through
with that, it is true; and the Government has
been liberal to us in some respects. The Govern-
ment has been increasing in its liberality to the
new States all the time, and I am glad of it. But
I am sorry to see Senators attempt, in this partic-
ular case, to ingraft these restrictions. If we intend
to make this donation so that it shall be in any
way valuable and operate beneficially, we ought
to clear it of all these incumbrances.
It is said that on account of the passage of the
homestead bill, this grant will be entirely nuga-
tory. I do not believe that. My opinion is that
the more you encourage emigration to the West
by giving grants of land, so much the more valu-
able the land will be that is not subject to the
homestead bill. I think that instead of the home-
stead bill operating so as to render this grant nu-
gatory or of no value, it will be worth vastly more
ten years hence than if you had no homestead
bill. That is my judgment about it. If I was
going to speculate in land to-day, I would be glad
when I went to buy land that your homestead bill
was in full operation; for I should expect that it
would tempt settlers to go all around the lands I
had purchased, and would really enhance their
value rather than operate as a detriment. I think
the men who wish to speculate in land, without
going on it to occupy it, can purchase now as well
as they could before. In my opinion, now is^as
good a time to speculate in lands as any time. The
benefit of the homestead bill is, that every man
who has not money to advance on land, but who
desires to live on it, can go there and take it with-
out paying anything. That is all right. It cer-
tainly will not, 10 my judgment, operate to the
detriment of those who really own land in the
western country.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator from Ohio
objects to this provision because he says it is es-
tablishing a new principle to affix to these grants
a limitation of the kind. Now, sir, we have, at
this very session, established an entirely new
principle in regard to the control of the public
lands. We have said, by the passage of the home-
stead bill, that the public lands of the United
States shall be held by the Government for the
benefit of Lhoso peisons who will go and settle
upon them. That is a new principle that has
been inaugurated at this session, and I think it
is the wisest principle the Government has ever
adopted. The Senator from Ohio, the earnest
advocate of the policy of reserving these lands for
the actual settlers upon them, now brings in here
a bill which tends to negative that very policy.
That is the very reason why I wish, if this bill is
to pass, to have this amendment adopted. The
Senator says it does not amount to much; it is
only nine millions of acres of land, and we are
making large railroad grants. The cases are not
at all parallel. The lands granted to railroads
are distributed along the whole line of the i"03".
Whenever the State of New \ork shall sell her
one million and fifty thousand acres, or scnp call-
ing for that amount, she may sell it all to one man,
and he may take it into my State and locate it all
in one county. I ask if that would not be a hard-
ship and a wrong.
Mr. "WADE. I will ask the Senator whether
one man may not now, if he sees fit, buy all the
land in that State. Can ho not do it now if he
wishes to do so and has the money to pay for it?
Mr. WILKINSON. There is but little of the
land in Minnesota in market. It has been reserved
for the benefit of preemptors upon it. But, sir,
when this land scrip is issued, the State of New
York may sell this land to one laud speculator, and
then one man may go and locate it all in one
county. I ask the Senator from Ohio if he wishes
to establish such a principle as that; if he wishes
to grant to a State the right to send one land spec-
ulator to go and enter a million of acres of land
all in one body?
Mr. WADE. The gentleman does not answer
what I want explained. He says one man may
go and buy up all this scrip and locate it in one
particular place. I ask, cannot one man, if he
is so disposed and is rich enough,go and buy as
much land as this in one body in any place he
pleases if it is surveyed and in market; or if it
is not, can he not take it as fast as it does come
in, and does it alter the case in that particular?
Mr. WILKINSON. The actual settlers upon
the lands in Minnesota protested against their
being brought into market, and the Government
listened to the petition of the people and did not
bring them into market. Therefore, the lands in
my State could not be bought up at $1 25 an acre,
because the lands have never been exposed at
public sale.
Mr. WADE. Then they have not been sur-
veyed.
Mr. WILKINSON. They havebeen surveyed,
but have not been offered for sale at auction. No
man can enter them under our land system as it
has existed for the last twenty years, until after
they have been surveyed and offered for sale at
public auction.
Now, sir, if the grant were to be distributed all
over the country as railroad grants are distributed,
the objection to it would not be as strong as it is
now. ' As to these railroad grants, I will say to
the Senator from Ohio I am opposed to the wliole
of them. I think this Government ought not to
grant lands for the benefit of railroads. I believe
that the principle is wrong, essentially wrong. It
tends to build up landed monopolies in this coun-
try which ought to be discountenanced by the
Government and by Congress.
There is another thing about this bill. These
lands will not be located on the plains beyond the
settlements, but where the settlements have al-
ready gone. They will be taken among those
lands where farms have been established because
they will be more valuable, and the person loca-
ting them can realize his money and his profits
sooner and better in that way; and I will venture
to assert now that most of these lauds would be
located, if there was no restriction upon it, in the
State of Minnesota.
Mr. WADE. We have just adopted an amend-
I merit that prohibits the location of over a million
< of acres in a State.
: Mr. WILKINSON. I know that; and I say
! were it not for that restriction, a large portion of
i them would be located in my own State. I am
| opposed to these landed monopolies, and I think
1 the Government ought to put its foot upon them
j at once. I do not agree with the Senator from
. Iowa altogether that this grant will be of noprac-
- tical use. This restricts the amount of scrip to
i one section. Under the homestead law, no man
can get more than a quarter section of land, and
' under this he can-get a section. I hope the amend-
j it!ont will be adopted, for 1 regard it as a very
j wise provision of the bill.
' Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to vote, and am
1 n-oing to vote, for the passage of some bill if it is
not incumbered with amendments that are objec-
j tionable. I shall vote for this amendment; I voted
for it before; but 1 vote for it because the Senator
I who has charge of the bill has consented to the
i adoption of the amendment offered by the Sen-
' ator from Kansas, which limited the amount that
should be taken to one million of acres in any
! State. Now, sir, if this bill is going to operate
j as that Senator and the Senator from Minnesota
1 fear it will, to the injury of the State or Territory
where it is going to be located, what is going to
i be its effect upon the Territories that have no rep-
: resentation here? You propose to allow between
nine and ten millions of your agricultural lands
