1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cons....2d Sfess.
147
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Menzies.
Ho. oi? Reps.
was gratified at his ability and fairness of inten-
tion, and pained that he entertained views which,
in my opinion, would be disastrous to the coun-
try if carried into execution. I will not follow him
in his discussion of parties and party issues that
have heretofore existed in the country. We have
but little to do to-day with old party organizations.
I have no sympathy with any effort to restore any
old party upon its old platform. I have no sym-
pathy with any effort to keep in harness the Re-
publican party. My impressions are that new
parties will be made upon issues arising from events
subsequent to the last presidential election. I ex-
pect to act with some party, as I have heretofore
aone, and with that party which, to my mind, will
adhere most closely to the Constitution,
But the subject of confiscation is the matter in
hand before the House, and I propose to address
myself to it. I do not expect to do more than to
state my views and positions in as clear a majmer
as I am able to employ. On a former occasion,
in Committeeofthe Whole,I intimated thatthere-
after I would state my opinions on the subject
whenever the opportunity was afforded me! I
said then, and I now say, that in my place here I
have no plea to make for the rebel and traitor
while actively engaged in making war upon the
Government. I do not plead the Constitution for
him. Forevery other citizen of the United States,
and on his account, I claim that the rebel is to be
treated in the way that will do the least injury to
those who wish to preserve the Constitution. For
the sake of our ourselves we are bound to keep
within the Constitution in prosecuting the rebel
to subjection.
I will classify the people who are inside of the
rebel lines: 1. The active fighting rebel. 2. The
willing aiding rebel, who does not fight. 3. The
non-combatant, who is waiting the event and doing
no mord than present exigencies demand of him.
4. The man who is coerced to take part. 5. The
loyal man, who is punished because he will not
assist the rebellion. Within our lines some of the
second and third classes'may be found.
In prosecuting the war we must treat all of the
proj^crty employed against us in the same way.
We cannot stop to inquire whether or not it be-
longs to those who do not wish it to be used against
us. Property used against us, falling into our
hands, should be turned to our advantage. We
may exercise all power in regard to it that civil-
ized warfare confers. It is our business to put
down the rebellion. Whatever property impedes
our armies must yield. At this point the Con-
stitution intervenes, and puts a limit to our power
over property. Common sense intervenes to de-
clare any further exercise of power inexpedient.
The property of loyal men must be protected
unless the enemy is making use of it against us.
The property of non-participants must be pro-
tected under the Constitution in every part of this
broad country. Ail property is exempt from the
military power of the Government, if it is not
brought into use against us. It cannot be taken
"without due process of law;" nor the property of
the rebel, except for the life of the offender.
Federal courts in Kentucky and Ohio have re-
cently decided that giving " aid and comfort" to
traitors is not treason 
Mr. SHEFFIELD. If the gentleman will al-
low mo, I wish to correct him. The question de-
cided in the Ohio case by Judge Swayne was a
mere question of pleading, and not that the per-
son who gave aid and comfort to the rebel was not
guilty of treason by levying war, but simply that
the indictment, as it was diawn, did not describe
the crime of treason. It was a mere matter of
pleading, as I understand it.
Mr. MENZIES. 1 am glad to be corrected if
incorrect. I read a notice of the Cincinnati case
in a newspaper, and have only heard of the Ken-
tucky case. I understood the decision to be that
adhering to our enemies, giving them aid and
comfort, was not treason when that enemy was a
traitor.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. It was a mere matter of
special pleading.
Mr. NOELL. If the gentleman will allow me,
1 will state what I understand that decision to be.
Judge Sway ne decided that the words in the clause
of the Constitution to which the gentleman refers
had no relation to the citizens of this country in
rebellion. That clause applies exclusively to
enemies of a foreign country.
Mr. MENZIES. The court decided that the
man against whom the allegation was, that he had
given aid and comfort to .the rebels, was not
charged with treason, as I had understood. 1 had
entertained a different opinion.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. As I understand the law,
every citizen who gives aid and comfoit to the
rebels is guilty of treason, and is, in fact,levying
war within the meaning of the Constitution. This
was decided in the case of Bollman vs. Swartwout.
Mr. MENZIES. If they are not traitors, they
are very guilty, if anything, morally more guilty
than active lebels, and the limitation as to forfeit-
ure for life does not apply to them. That is the
question I was consideringin case the law was as
I supposed it had been decided. ..But none of the
bills before Congress were framed to meet the case
suggested. ' ^
At this point, Mr. Speaker, I will read the res-
olution of the House of Representatives adopted
July 22,1861. I will comment on it. It suggests
the whole duty of Congress on the subject of con-
fiscation:
" That tlie present deplorable war has been forced upon
the countiy by the disuiuonists of the southern States now
in revolt against tlie constitutional Government, and in
aims mound the capital; that in this national emergency
Confess, banishing all feelings of meie passion oi resent-
ment, will lueolleot only its duty to the whole country;
that this war is not waged on their part in anyspiiit of
oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest or subjugation,
nor purpose of overthrowing or intcilcung with the right*
or established institution* ol those States, but to defend and
maintain the supremacy oC the Constitution, and topreseivo
the Union with all the dignity, equality, and lights of the
several States} unimpaired; and that as isoon a* these ob-
jects aie accomplished tiic war ought to ccase."
The war was forced upon us by the <c disunion-
ists of the southern States." [f the cotton States
had been content with makingtheirexperimentof
folly without the other shareholding Slates, they
might have been permitted to break down m the
folly and ridiculousness oi their traitorous course.
But "let us alone" was not then their motto.
They must wage war to gain the other slavehold-
ing States. They must have a collision of ai ms.
We weie bound to defend and preserve the Gov-
ernment. We are bound to defend and preserve
the Government of the United States. But with
no " feeling of mere passion or resentment." We
must be actuated by " our duty to tlie whole coun-
try." Our war is not waged in any " spirit of
oppression." Nor for " conquest or subjugation."
It is waged to assert the supremacy of the Con-
stitution over the whole countiy. When that su-
premacy is secured the wai will bo ended. Then
every question of property must be tried by tiie
Constitution, and settled in accordance with law.
The traitor must be tried by a court of competent
jurisdiction. His property, which may have es-
caped destruction in the war, may be forfeited
for the life that may be spared him. He may ac-
knowledge his error, and return to his allegiance.
He may be forgiven. Who will he for taking his
propeily as a condition of forgiveness. Might
wc not. refer all questions of property to the " era
of good feeling" which will come with the return
of peace? We must look at the people on the
other side of the rebel lines. We must not forget
that many of them honestly believe that the States
in which they live had the lawful right to with-
draw from theUnion. Their active men have been
educated to this belief. They hold it as sincerely
as any member of this House does any political
lenet. The law professors, at their univeisities,
have taught it for the last thirty years, and some
even from the beginning of tin- Government. I
know that more than twenty yejus it was
earnestly taught at the University of Virginia. We
must not neglect to bear in mind that our own
Government connived at this claim of the right of
secession. May I not say that it was encouraged
and taught by our Government? 1 will not refer
to ail of the facts which give plausibility to the
idea I am suggesting; but will call attention to the
message of the President of the United States, of
December, 1860. In that paper, as I read it, these
people were told that they had the rightto secede,
or, that we had no lawful power to prevent it,
which amounted to the same thingat the juncture
of the announcement.
In the progress of the war, we may destroy or
use any property which is interposed to prevent
our success. We must not permit any man's
property to stand in the way of our triumph. We
are not bound to prevent the escape of the slaves
of rebels if they are in the way of our armies.
We arc not bound to prevent our soldiers from
using them when they can be turned to our ad-
vantage. We make no war upon slavery in the
States. We are fighting for the Constitution. If
slavery is necessarily and incidentally injured in
the progress of the war, set the injury down to the
account of the rebellion. They would have it.
The rebels must attempt the destruction of their
bulwark, the Constitution. We myst defend it.
Their slaves may take advantage of the conflict
and confusion to desert such silly masters. Such
injury ischargcabk: to those who make war upon
the Government. In no manner, and to no extent,
will I feel responsible. I believe the injury will
result. And from a conflict which the friends of
the Government must sustain to triumph or to de-
feat, the injury to slavery is inevitable. No un-
constitutional act of Congress can increase it. But
a disregard of the Constitution by us will at last
be the destruction of the Government by our own
hands. The rebellion will then be triumphant.
We will have done their work for the rebels.
Some members of this House concur with me, that
a just prosecution of the war will weaken the in-
stitution of slavery. They arc glad of it. I will
raise no question with them for their feeling, good
or bad, on this point, if they will spare the Con-
stitution. I may not rejoice with them in the in-
jury to slavery, but will rejoice with them in the
preservation of the Constitution. Some of our
professed friends have argued against the prose-
cution of the war. They felt that the injury to
which I have been adverting would result. I say
to them, that while I do not rejoice in this conse-
quence, I cannot afford to give up the Constitution
and the Union to prevent it. The deed is done;
the rebels have done it. Whatever is left of the
institution will have the protection of the Consti-
tution and the Union.
When a rebellious community is reduced to sub-
mission, or its telieved people can return to their
allegiance, every question of right within its bor-
ders must be tried by the Constitution, and the
laws made in pursuance of it. To disregard thi.m
in our effort to maintain them, is a contradiction
and an absurdity. When you kindle a fire ^hh
ice, you may put down the enemies of the Con-
stitution by disregarding it.
We are all for the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion, or wc ought to occupy that position. We
are all for preserving the Government against the
rebellion. I ask the friends of the Government to
pause at the threshold of confiscation. It is inex-
pedient. An intention to destroy everything op-
posing us, which we cannot take and hold, is a-
position that may aid our cause. To declare that
we will interfere with property that does not im-
pede us, will bring such property and its owners
into desperate activity against us. Our defeat will
be their only hope. Evei y stab wc give the Con-
stitution with your confiscation weapon, will in-
crease the power of the rebels and will weaken us.
If the war is prolonged, our people may become
leconciled to abolition as a necessity. Prolong the
war and make the slaves free by the conflict. This
may explain the desire of some for confiscation.
I have heard it, but am not willing to believe it.
If you intensify the conflict, as I have suggested
would be the effect of confiscation, you will pro-
long the war. The moie slaves would be freed
m its prosecution. The unreasonable prejudice
against slavery and slaveholders is so strong in
some that they do not condemn the advising of
slaves to rebel against their masters. They assert
that ail of the bad conduct of confederates is the
result of the corrapting influence of slavery. They
may dislike the presence ofslaveholders. Instances
of extraordinary perfidy and cruelty are charge-
able to the southern rebels. In all ages and m all
paits of the world such things have occurred
where rebellion was without a sufficient cause.
Acts of perfidy and cruelty always follow perfid-
ious rebellion. Let no man say that there are not
as honorable men and as good friends of this Gov-
ernment among slaveholders as are to be found ia
the land. The statement would not be true.
I am not the advocate of an act of confiscation.
