148
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RE8SIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
37th Com...2d Sess.
Confiscation of Bebel Property—Mr. Fessenden.
Ho. of Reps.
I earnestly hope that none will be passed conflict-
ing with the Constitution. The war powers are
siSicient. They afford all the law that is neces-
sary during the war. They are m the hands of
fhePresidentand the military department. There
will be law enough for the rebels when they shall
have been reduced to our power. Congress can
put its shoulder to the wheel in support of the
Army and Navy, and its whole duty will be done.
"We can make no money by efforts at confiscation.
The increased strength given to the rebellion by
such efforts will cost us an amount largely in ex-
cess of all that we can realize by such a course. I
did not intend to argue the extent of our power
under the Constitution. X think it will be ampli-
fied by a gentleman who is to. follow, and who is
opposed to extensive confiscation. There is an
"interpretation given to the word forfeiture that is
"somewhat new to mc. It is understood by some
to apply to the right of the children of the olfendei
to inherit. It is obvious to me that it applies to
the property of the offender. The men that made
the Constitution were looking at the traitors, hav-
ing them in mind as clearly as we see them. j. hey
saw the case of a confederate general who went
' from Kentucky, one of the most perfidious of reb-
els. Our fathers intended us to have power to
hang "him, but not to take his property from his
wifo and minor children, if we take his life.
I have briefly made a statement of my views.
I propose no elaboration. God speed the time
when the " war ought to cease." I hope and be-
lieve that the end will be honorable to us. When
the warisended, letushave peace—a peace worthy
of the name; a peace that will be pacification; a
peace that will bring repose and good feeling; a
perfect restoration of the Government of the Uni-
ted States to nil the powers conferred by the Con-
stitution, supreme over the whole country, and of
the States to all of their dignity and rights under
the Constitution.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. S. C. FESSENDEN,
03? MAINE,
lif the House op Representatives,
Jtfatj 22,1862.
The House having under consideration the hills to con-
fiscate tho propyl ty and free the slaves of rebels—
Mr. FESSImNTDKN" said:
Mr. Speakeu: i ask leave of the House to have
the resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Maine read at ihe Clerk's desk.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
" Resolved, That wc cordially indorse the Administra-
tion of Abiaham Lincoln in the conduct of the wm again>t
the wicked and unnatural enemies of tho Republic, and that
In all its measures calculated to crush this rebellion speed-
ily and finally,the Administration isentttled to, and will re-
ceive, the unwavering Mipport of the loyal people of Maine.
<l lle&olvcd,T\mi itls tho duty of Congress, by such means
as will not jeopard the rights and safely of the loyal people
Of the South, to provide for thueouftseation of estates, teal
■ and personal, ot'rebol ,and for the forfeiture and libeianon
of every slave claimed by any person who shall continue
in arms against the uuthouty of the United States, or who
shall in any manner aid and abet the piesenl wicked and
unjustifiable rebellion,
" Resolved, That in this perilous crisis of the country, it
is the duty oi Congress, in the exeicNc of its constitutional
power, to ' raise and support anna's,' to provide by law for
accepting the services of able bodied men of whatever
' status, and to employ them in such manner as military ne-
cessity and Uie safety of the Republic may demand.
" Resolved, That a copy of those ievolutions be sent to
the Senator# and Representatives in Congie.-s from this
State, atid that they berespectlully requested to use all hon-
orable mean* to seettre the passaged actsembodymgtlieir
spiiit and substance."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr, Speaker, on the 7th
of March, 1862, the Legislature of the State of
Maine passed four resolves; in the Senate by a
vote of twenty-four yeas to four nays; and in the
House by a vote of one hundred and four in the
affirmative to twenty-six in the negative. It was
ordered that a copy of these resolves be sent to
the Senators and Representatives from the State in
Congress,and "that they be respectfully requested
to use all honorable means to securc the passage
of acts embodying their spirit and substance."
These resolutions have just been read. I intend,
as one of the Representatives in this Congress
frofn the State of Maine, to comply with this
request; and if the House will bear with me for a
short hour, I will give my reasons. To eive By
reasons is a part of the " honorable means which
it is ray duty to employ, in accordance with the
will of the State.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him whether he holds
that the course which the Legislature of the fetate
of Maine may have selected in respect to the de-
cision of the constitutional question is one which
he is bound to follow, although his own convic-
tions may be to the contrary.' _
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not under all circum-
stances. - '
Mr. THO&p^rijf Massachusetts. Do you
under these cgr&umstances, when a question of
constitutionaHight if involved ?
Mr. FESSMjSBF- Not at aI1- 1 shouW be
sorry to have the gentlemen refer to them as an
admission that I feel myself to be bound by them,
whatever my convictions of duty may be. There
are, however, some two or three preliminary ques-
tions which, from my stand-point, must be de-
cided before I can well proceed to the conclusion
to which I hope to arrive. One question is this:
is it possible to bring forward a bill by which
Congress can constitutionally confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels, real and personal, and for the for-
feiture and liberation of every slave claimed by
any person who shall continue in arms against
the United States?
I admit it would seem as if it is not possible.
Several attempts have been made to frame and
bring forward what was declared and believed by
some to be such a bill. The Committee on the
Judiciary early made the attempt and failed. A
minority report from this committee gave us abtll
drawn up by the able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham;] and the able gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] and other gentlemen
learned in constitutional law, were of the opinion
that it was, in some of its sections, manifestly un-
constitutional. We have before us the bills now
under consideration,and amendments and substi-
tutes, and still there are gentlemen whose opinion
is deserving of great weight, who have no hesita-
tion in declaring that these bills are not constitu-
tional in some of their provisions.
The honorable gentlemen who have introduced
these bills have done their best, and failed of ac-
complishing the object, it may be. And we are
bound to believe that the honorable gentlemen,
whose opinion it is that these bills are unconsti-
tutional, could have done no bettor, because in
their judgment no bill of confiscation and forfeit-
ure would be constitutional.
Suppose, then, we assume it to be true that it
is not possible for Congress to bring forward such
a bill as is comprehended in the question proposed.
To my mind it follows that the Congress cannot
do what rebels, under the protection of the Con-
stitution, have done and may continue to do.
They confiscate the property, real and personal,
of the loyal subjects of this Government. This
act of theirs does not lemove them from constitu-
tional protection. Their estate, real and personal,
is still made securc to them as far forth as the
Constitution of this Government is concerned.
Such is the result of this constitutional prohibition;
it is protection for the rebels, but no protection
for him in his estate who is not a rebel, since the
rebel may seize it if he can, and Congress has no
power to compensate the robbed loyalist, by say-
ing tu him, we will confiscate the rebel's estate, and
restore by this means your property.
The rebels can say to the loyalist, your slaves
arc free, and freed they are. But Congress cannot
say to the rebel, your slaves arc set free, and the
slaves of rebel masters still they are.
A few miles from this city there lives a gentle-
man who preferred to abandon his homestead
rather than be a rebel. His rebel brother stepped
in the day he was driven out, and said, " all this
property is mine." This rebel, who is worth his
thousands, took his brother's estate, and for no
other reason than because he would not serve un-
der the rebel flag; and though this loyal man has
his homestead to-day, which the rebel brother has
been compelled to abandon, rebels in the neigh-
borhood break down his fences, pillage from his
barn, carry off his timber—rebels who read in the
newspapers, "Congress cannot constitutionally
confiscate our property or liberate our slaves.^
It is good for the rebels—such reading—but it is
hard for loyal men. In this regard, the rebels cer-
tainly have that which may give them,which docs
give them, great advantage in this war. They can
say to any man who hesitates to cast in his lot
with them, " come with us; your estate we take
if you do not. You shall pay gold for all the real
and personal property you have in the District of
Columbia, orNewYork,orMassachusetts into our
treasury. If you do come with us, we do not take
your estate; neither will the United States take it.
Congress cannot constitutionally confiscate your
property orjiberate your slaves, though you are
a rebel. Read it in the Daily Globe. Do not as
able jurists as they have in Congress say this?
You retain your estate by fighting on our side, by
guarantee both from the South and North. But
the United States calls, as she has a right to do,
for the services of this man. Yet all that she has
to say to him is, " you must let your property,
South and North, if the rebels can get hold of it,
go to destruction; you must be taxed; you must
fight; nor can we constitutionally confiscate a dol-
lar of rebel property to make up your loss, but
you will have the satisfaction of knowing that
you do all this to preserve the Constitution and
save the Union." Sir, it is a Constitution under
which, by such a construction of it, men in this
condition are subjected to an egregious wrong;
and a Union which, if restored, must leave them
with heart-burnings such as must exist in the
breast of the victims of injustice.
It is an advantage for rebels to be able to make
those whom they would influence believe that
they would do them no wrong, no harm in body
or estate, while they would suffer injury in es-
tate, if not in body, by casting their lot with loyal
men.
Again: it is not impossible that the rebels may
put their estate, real and personal, to such effect-
ive use in the prosecution of this war as to show
beyond question that so long as they are permit-
ted to retain their estates the war will not term-
inate. In this event, this "constitutional bar-
rier" becomes a very serious matter. It is "a
dead lock;" and the nation's epitaph would be:
" Killed by its Constitution."
Impossible for Congress constitutionally to con-
fiscate the property of rebels, and liberate their
slaves! Then it is not true that " the laws of ne-
cessity, of self-preservation, of saving our coun-
try when in danger, arc of higher obligation than
a strict observance of the written law," Thomas
Jefferson's opinion to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. Says Mr. Jefferson:
"To lose our countiy by a scrupulous adherence to the
written law would be to lose the law itself, with life, 1 Lb-
eity, pioperty, and all those who are enjoying them with
us; thus dbsuidly sacrificing the end to the means."
The President of the United States did not admit
thathe was so bound by" constitutional shackles5'
that he could not shake them off when this war
commenced, and the pressure of stern emergency
wasupon him, and do that for the doing of which
he had no constitutional authority, unless you
find it in the spirit of this instrument and not in
the letter. He had no idea of losing the country
by a scrupulous adherence to the very letter of
the Constitution. He is a Hamiltonian President.
But notwithstanding this illustrious example, if
it be that the property of rebels cannot be consti-
tutionally confiscated and their slaves forfeited,
however imperative this measure may seem to
be, it follows that the power of Congress in this
regard is not coextensive with that of the Presi-
dent. He can do that to save the country which
Congress cannot do. Sir, to-day he is dear to the
hearts of us all, because, when this extreme case
called for a remedy so violent even as that of dis-
regarding the letter of the Constitution, he had
the wisdom and patriotism to apply it. He was
"constrained to call up., invoke, and put in ex-
ercise" " more of power, more of force than the
Constitution provides, or than is limited by the
Constitution." This is the view which someenter-
tain as to what he actually did. He " was con-
strained from our necessities to do it." Nor did
he " acknowledge before the world," in pursu-
ing this course, " that our institutions are insuffi-
ciently founded, and that we are, after all, com-
pelled in the period of trial to resort to the force
