2628,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
to be taken under this bill. There are only three
States where they can be taken, and those are
Kansas, Minnesota, arid Iowa.
Mr. POMEROY. Missouri.
Mr. GRIMES, No, sir; they cannot take two
hundred thousand acres in Missouri.
Mr. LATHAM. They could take them in
Oregon.
Mr. GRIMES. They could take a limited
quantity in Oregon, but the amount of agricul-
tural lands remaining in Oregon is very limited.
The result would be, they would be compelled to
take seven millions of acres of lands in the Ter-
ritories. Now, what Territories would they get
them from? They would not get them from Ne-
vada or Colorado, because there are no agricul-
turallands there of any account; the amount of
agricultural lands in those two Territories is very
limited; they are mineral Territories. They will
therefore be compelled to take them in the Terri-
tories of Dakota and Nebraska. My State isjust
as much interested in building up Dakota and
Nebraska and making them strong western States
as they are in building up our own State, and 1
will not, for one, consent to the passage of any
act that is calculated to cripple the resources or
the energies of those Territories for the sake of
advancing, as it may be supposed, or protecting
the interests of any State that is represented here
on the floor of the Senate. For that reason I shall
vote for this amendment; and it is only for the
reason that the Senator from Ohio who has charge
of this bill and who represents the Territories in
this body has consented to its adoption.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with what the Sen-
ator from Ohio has said in refeience to the effect
of the homestead bill. I do not believe the home-
stead bill is going to destroy the value of, the pub-
lic lands. 1 should not have voted for and urged
the passage of that bill if I had supposed that it
would destroy the value of the public lands. But
1 entirely disagree with the Senator from Ohio m
his statement that this grant is a parallel case to
lands granted to railroads. If you were to grant
railroad companies a roving commission to go all
over the public domain and occupy the lands, it
might be a parallel case to this; but there is no
railroad company that has a roving commission,
that has the right to locate land scrip. Such a
proposition could not obtain a vote in the Senate.
It would not be discussed or entertained here an
hour. This is entirely a new feature in disposing
of the public lands, to give States a commission
to go and locate land scrip in large quantities any-
where on the public domain. Therefore, when
the Senator from Ohio says he shall fuel it his duty
to attach this proviso to every tailroad grant, he
entirely mistakes the policy of the Government in
granting railroad lands, because they have never,
m any one instance, put a provision in those rail-
road bills that they might go anywhere with a
commission to get their lands. The railroad lands
are confined to the line of the road; to five or six
miles on each side of the road. They are not al-
lowed to wander through the whole domain for
their lands; but those who locate this land scrip
have unlimited scope in that direction.
Notwithstanding what the Senator from Wis-
consin has said, 1 think this land scrip will be
valuable. Everyman who has been in the West
knows the anxiety that men have to obtain sec-
tions, not quarter sections simply. Under the oper-
ation of the homestead bill, to be sure, a man can
get a quarter section if lie will confine himself to
it for five years; but there is hardly any western
man who is willing to confine himself to a quarter
section for five years, even i f he could have it at
the end of that tune. The result of the experiment
in Oregon shows that men would rather pay for
the lands than stay on them five years. About
fifteen years ago we passed a homestead bill for
Oregon, providing that each married man should
have a section and each unmarried man half a sec-
tion if he would stay on the land five years. The
result of that experiment was, that seventy-two
out of every hundred paid for the land and did not
wait the five years to get it for nothing. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office has re-
ported that seventy-two outof every hundred that
settled under the provisions of that homestead bill
paid for his land at $1 25 an acre> j think that
shows that it does not destroy the value of the
land to grant a homestead, even though it is
granted of the size of a section to each person. I
think this land scrip will be valuable. Men who
have got a quarter section will buy it for the sake
of getting a whole section; because men in the
West are like men everywhere; when they get a
quarter they want half a section, and when they
get half a section they want a section, and very
soon they want a township, and then all the land
adjoining. This land scrip, therefore, in my\opin-
ion, will be valuable in the hands of settlers,
notwithstanding the homestead bill. I am not
opposing this bill, and am not proposing these
amendments to oppose the bill. I am going to vote
for it with these amendments. I believe in the
bill, and with these amendments upon it I am
going to support it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 will inquire of the Senator
whether he would like us to vote for a railroad
grant with such amendments, and whether he
would consider us friendly to a railroad grant, if
we put on it such an amendment as this?
Mr. POMEROY. I certainly should, if we
allowed the railroad the privilege of going about
all over God's creation to get the land.
Mr, CLARK. A railroad takes the land for
twenty-five miles on each side of the road, and
goes to the Pacific.
Mr. POMEROY. If we put this provision on
the grant, I am for the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that there is no analogy between the
principle of this proposed grant and that of any
other grant that has been alluded to in the course
of this debate. You have, it is true, granted lands
to the new States for school purposes. You did
that, as I remarked before, not as a favor to the
State within which the land was, because there
was no State there. You did it because you
wanted a State to be built there, and you offered
these inducements for men to go there. You have
granted lands for railroad purposes; butyounever
professed to be willing to give an acre for railroad
purposes. The principle upon which every one
of those grants has been made is the principle of
a sale. You have gran ted one half the lands along
the line of a road to have the other half of the lands
doubled and trebled in value. Then, so long as
you do that, just so long the Government makes
money, and not squanders it. It is a money mak-
ing business, because there is not a member of
this body, there is not a. landholder in the universe,
but if he owned the public domain, would be glad
to give one half the lands within five or ten miles
of the railroad to have one built there. You never
saw a railroad built through an agricultural coun-
try in the world, that did not put three times its
whole cost into the pockets of those who owned
the land upon its line.
Mr. WADE. Let me ask the Senator whether
the donation of swamp lands was on the ground
of a sale ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; it was on the ground
of a sale. The Government got cheated in that,
as it has in a great many of its land grants; but
it was upon the ground of a sale. They were
granted to the States for the express purpose of
having therri reclaimed and added to the productive
wealth of the nation. I admit the Government
has been cheated m that matter; who is respons-
ible for it, I do not know. I do not think much
of the funds arising from these lands hay been ap-
plied to the reclaiming and draining of the lands.
I admit the Government has abandoned that prin-
ciple, but that was the principle upon which the
grants were made. The Government assumed
that those lands were worth nothing to it; that
they never could be sold; it was willing to get rid
of them, and it was proposed to make the several
States, within which thev lay, their agents to re-
claim them. That is the principle upon which
grants have been made heretofore; the principle
upon which thisgrantis made is entirely different.
I said before that you could not realize a fund
fromthis grant with which to endowany college.
1 believe that is true. Senators differ with me.
They say that the effect of the homestead bill is
not going to be what I assert it to be, to depnve
the public domain of its marketable value. I may
be wrong. That it is not going to deprive the
public domain of any intrinsic value is clear
enough, but 1 cannot conceive how a man is going
to be induced to pay §1 25 an acre for land when
he can get it for nothing. The answer to that is,
it is only a quarter section that he can get for noth-
ing, whereas the man can geta section, or adozen
sections, by purchase or by scrip. Still, although
the answer may be good in part, it does not go
far enough to convince methatthis scrip is going
to have a marketable value; but I am not going
to insist upon that. I say it will or it will not
have a marketable value. If it has a marketable
value, then it is worth as much to the Government
as it is to the colleges, and why not appropriate
the money out of the Treasury? I am going to
propose an amendment to appropriate the money
to these schools. I should much prefer appro-
priating the money to the land, because it is equal
upon all parts of the country; the proportion of
the lands is not equal. I say I will not vote for
such an appropriation, because I do not believe
the time has come when the people of the United
States are prepared to charge the work of public
education upon the United States. If you are
ready for it, I am. Assume that labor,and lam
with you; but I do not believe that you are pre-
pared for it. There is no reason why we should
assume the agricultural education of the United
States any more than its education in any other
department or any other branch of science. If
you are going to do a part, why not do the whole?
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to ask the Sena-
tor a question. He is opposed to the General Gov-
ernment assuming the education of the nation in
the way proposed in this bill. I wish to ask him if
he is opposed to the grant of every sixteenth sec-
tion in every township to the support of common
schools and seventy-two sections for the support
of a State university which his own State and all
the other new States have received from the Gen-
eral Government.
Mr. HOWE. Not a bit of it. 1 say you did it
because you had within a certain portion of the
country a large quantity of public lands unsold and
unsettled, and you wanted amarketforthem,and
people would not go there out of your school-
houses and outof your churches, away from civili-
zation, away from home, away from everything,
and go upon these lands withoutsome inducement;
and you did just what every man does who wants
to lay out a town and have it built up. He offers
some lands for public squares, for streets, for
churches, and for other public edifices. That is
just what the Government has done in order to get
States built up; and 1 say again, as I said before,
you get your money's worth, a great deal more
than you gave.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not see the application
of that argument in relation to the university
lands, the seventy-two sections granted to each
State to aid in the organization of a State uni-
versity.
Mr. HOWE. It applies just as much to that
as to any other. So much you assume to do for
education within that Territory in order to induce
people to go there. Y ou give them the means of edu-
cating their children, it is just as much a part of
the inducement as the sixteenth section is, and has
been applied to the work of education in a major-
ity of the States earlier than the sixteenth section
has. It has been the first fruits of the grant prac-
tically. But this stands upon an entirely differ-
ent principle. You take lands instead of money,
because there the lands are, and just now I sup-
pose you do not know what else to do with them.
The lands are just as much the property of the
whole nation as the money is. If" you take the
money instead of the lands, your right to do it is
just as clear, just as unequivocal, and you can
keep the lands and dispose of them yotusrlvesm
the prugiess of settlement and replace the money
into the Treasury. It seems to me that would be
a gieat deal better. That would be equal, unde-
niably equal. It would not put into the hands of
private holders large tracts of the public domain.
It was said the other day—and I do not know but
that the Senator from Iowa said it—that it would
really operate as an advantage, because it would
get these lands into the hands of private persons,
and they will be subject to taxation. Now, I ask
the Senator—he rcpiesents a western State and
knows all about it—how much the light to tax
the lands of non-residents is worth to his State?
Is it not his experience—it certainly is mine—that
in every one of those counties where large bodies
of land are held by non-residents, all the benefit
got from them is the right to sell them over and
over again year after year? The title becomes
involved; nobody knows where to go to purchase;
you do not get any taxes, because they are sold
