1862.]
37th Cong...,2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Fessenden.
Ho. of Reps.
which they say is necessary to the existence of
nations, and [that] our experiment is a failure;"
but he did accede to the soundness of the Jeffer-
sonian doctrine " that circumstanccs do some-
times occur which make it a duty in officers of
high trust to assume authorities beyond the law,"
and that the Constitution must be so construed
that the means shall be proportioned to the end.
But, again: if it is possible to bring forward a
constitutional confiscation and liberation bill, is
it expedient? Is it expedient to pass such a bill ?
I hold it to be expedient, because it is the pol-
icy which justice dictates and demands. This
rebel war is an extreme case. Let the remedy in
whole or in part be as violent as it may, justice
demands the application of it. Do you say 44 con-
fiscation" is no part of the remedy? How do you
know that until it is tried ? It is not required of
us to know the certainty of the remedy before jus-
tice would have us use it. Its probability, in an
emergency, authorizes and demands its applica-
tion. Edmund Burke has said: "Justice is of
itself the great standing policy of civil society;
and an eminent departure from it under any cir-
cumstances lies under suspicion of being no pol-
icy atall." Itis the highest policy of that Govern-
ment which is bound by the maxim, " salus jyopuli
suprema est lex" as the only means of obtaining
the end. By no other means can the main end of
every just Government be attained than by that
policy which is based on a supreme regard for
justice.
But do you say that the bill proposed would in-
flict retrospective punishment—a punishment not
previously affixed by law—and is therefore in-
consistent with justice? This is upon the assump-
tion that in no case has retrospective punishment
been justly inflicted. Will any gentleman main-
tain this? Even Hallnm, in his Constitutional
History of England, admits " that a punishment
not previously affixed by law to the offenses of
StralFord should have been inflicted; that he should
have been degraded from his rank, and condemned
to perpetual banishment, by act of Parliament;"
and Macaulay, in his review of Hallam, sustains
this principle of retrospective punishment in the
case of a powerful and wicked statesman. There
arc instances of perfidy and atrocity which you
cannot reach by a punishment previously affixed
by law; but reached they must be, or justice will
be outraged. So in this rebellion. Thccrtmcon
the part of these leading rebels is perfidious and
atrocious; and if the bill was not limited in us ap-
plication to those who continue in rebellion, and
was retrospective in its action, it would no more
than meet the claims ofjustice.
Further: I hold it to be expedient to liberate the
slaves of rebels because it will be a constitutional
step towards the ultimate annihilation, as we may
hope, of a moral, social, and political wrong, which
alone has at any tune imperiled our liberty and
prospeiity. The pculin which it has put our insti-
tutions, and it alone, was so obvious to the now
President of the United States, that in 1658 he
asked the question, and it was not answcied by
his opponents by showing that there was any other
thing which threatened the existence of this Union
and our liberty. He asked the question:
" Has anything ever threatened the existence ofthh Union
save and except this veiy institution of slaveiy? What is
it tli.it we hold mo^t dear among us? Our own liberty and
pio-penty. What has ever threatened our liberty and pros-
perity save and except this institution of slavery?"
Again, in his speech at Ottawa, Illinois, Au-
gust 21, 1858, Mr. Lincoln said:
" I leave it to you to say whether, in the history of our
Government, this institution of slavery has not always
failed to be a bond of union, and, on the contrary, been an
apple of discoid and an element of division in the house.
I ifek you to cnnsddei whether, so long as the constitution
ot men's minds shall continue to be the same, alter this
generation and assemblage shall sink into the grave and
another race shall aiise, with the sumo moral and intellect-
ual development we have, whether, if that institution is
standing in the same irritating position in which it now is,
it will not continue an clement of division ? If so, then I
have a right to say that, in rcgaid to this question, the Union
is a house divided against itself."
Once more, in his speech at Alton, Illinois, Oc-
tober 15, 1858, in which he clearly defined the
status of the Republican party in this regard, and
from which it has taken no departure, he said:
"The real issue in this controversy—the one pressing
upon every mind—is the sentiment on the part of one class
that looks upon the institution of slavery as a wrong, and
of another class that doesnot look upon It as a wrong. The
sentiment that contemplates the institution of slavery in
this country as a wrong is the sentiment of the Republican
party. It is the sentiment around which all their actions,
all their argiunentsciicJe,fromwhieli all their propositions
radiate. They look upon it as being a moral, social, and
political wrong; and whilethey contemplate itns such,they
neveitheless have due regard to its actual existence among
us, and the difficulties of getting rid of it In any satisfactory
way,and to all the constitutional obligations thrown about
it. Yet, having a due regard for these, they desiiea policy
in regard to it that looks to its not creatine any more danger.
They insist that it should, as far as may be, be treated as a
wrong, and one of the methods of treating it as a wrong is
to make provision that it shall grow no latgei. They also
desire a policy that looks to a peaceful end of slavery at
some tune as being wiong. Those nee the views they en-
tertain in regard to it, as 1 uudeistand them ; and all their
sentiments, all their aigumentsandpiopositions are biought
within this range. I have said, arid I repeat it hcie,thutif
theie be any ni.rn among us who does not think that the
institution of slavery is wrong in any one of the aspects
of which I have spoken, he is misplaced,"and ought not to
be with us. And if there be a man among us who is so
impatient of it as a wr'ongas todisregaid its actual presence
among us and the difficulty of getting rid of it suddenly in
a satisfactory way,and to disregard the constitutional obli-
gations thrown about it, that man is misplaccd if he is on
our platfonn. We disclaim sympathy with him in piac-
tical action. lie is not placed piopetly with us."
I would say to the honorable gentleman fiom
New York [Mr. Diven] that these are no "gar-
bled extract(s) from Mr. Lincoln's speeches"—I
am not in the habit of making such from any
man's speeches—"(ogive the impression upon
the House and in the minds of the people, so far
as the circulation of his [Mr. Fessenden's] speech
is concerned, that Mr. Lincoln is the advocate of
the abolition of slavery by congressional action
or by the war power." But Tsliall take it for
granted that his sentiments in 1858, as they are
found in these extracts, are his sentiments in
1S63.
Hence, I nm led to the remark, that take the
constitutional stop of liberating the slaves of reb-
els, and, in my judgment, you adopt a policy in
regard to slavery that looks to its not creatingany
more danger.
Sir, there is great horror manifested on the part
of some gentlemen lest the cause of the slave
should in some way be identified with this war.
Well, sir, if it does not bccomc identified with thm
war, it will bo for the same reason that Catiline
rejected the slaves that crowded to enlist in his
army: it was "lost he should seem to identify
their cause with that of the citizens.5> The Cati-
line of this conspiracy, which has culminated in
this rebellion, forces slaves into his army, while
we reject the slaves that would enlist in our Army;
while we reject colored men, be they slaves ornot,
lest we should seem to identify their cause—the
cause of freedom—with that of the citizens. It
will be a blot on the page of the history of this
nation in ages to come, that though we fought for
the preservation of our liberty, it was for our lib-
erty, and not for the liberty of humanity—a Cat-
ilinish fear controlled us, and we lost the golden
opportunity forever.
But the honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mallory,] who addressed the House this
afternoon, asked gentlemen, what do you propose
to do with the slaves if, in accordance with your
hopes and wishes, they are set free? I reply to
that gentleman, we do not propose to do anything
with them. We propose to allow them to do for
themselves. "VVe propose, in respect to them, to
have it known that in no State or Territory in
tins Union shall they from henceforth be regarded
as goods and chattels, to ail intents and purposes
whatsoever. We piopose to let them know that
every husband may have his own wife, that every
wife may have her own husband; thatall parents
may have their own children; that they may earn
wages, and receive and demand the wages, if with-
held, which their labor entitles them to receive; .
that they may have all the benefits accruing from
living under the administration of just laws, and
that they may breathe God's free air as white men
breathe this air.
The honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Richardson] asserts that the negro race is greatly
inferior to that of the white man. Is lie fearful
that this inferior race will become the superior if
these disabilities are removed under which the col-
ored race in the United States has been crushed
under the heel of oppression? "The white man
shall rule in America," said a Senator in his place,
"and the nigger never!" For one, sir, I say, and
I believe I express the feelings of my constituents,
at least, when I declare that there is no objection
to the negro having a fair chance in America; and
if he shows himself to be the superior race, the
more shame for us, and the more praise for them
for coming out at the head when we had placed
them and designed to keep ihem at the very foot
of civilization.
Mr. Speaker, I am well aware that in making;
such quotations as I have from the speeches of
Mr. Lincoln, I shall subject myself to the sus-
picion of being an extremist, an abolitionist. I
cannot help it, however. I could not find so much
truth so well expressed in any other book at my
command. The high encomium which hag been
passed upon him on this floor, as " a far-seeing
statesman and judicious President,1' will not, 1
trust, be thought to bo the loss deserved by reason
of my thus making use of his wisdom, by any
gentleman on this side of the House; I am sure it
will not be by any gentleman on the other side.
I know that the honorable member from Mis-
souri [Mr. Rollins] will rcgatd the course which
I have taken, the views which I have expressed,
as affording additional evidence of the perverted
sense or nonsense to which is brought the man of
" one idea." But this will be my misfortune. Let
mo say, however, there is no misfortune in hav-
ing but " one idea," if it be really a sound one, a
live one," and it be put to living uses in the ages."
To show mc my folly, in thecourscof his speech
a few days since, he read an extract from an in-
teresting book, which lie cordially commended
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,]
and I believe to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Loviijoy,] and to those who acted with them. I
am obliged to the gentleman, and, I assure him
that I have given it the attention which it well de-
served, both from its high source and its approval
by the gentleman himself, who seldom fails to get
at the meatof the nut which he can find an oppor-
tunity to crack on the head of one whom he re-
gards as an extremist. 1 will have the extract
read. Its diction is so terse, Us comparison soad-
mnable, mid lis logic so forcible, that I cannot
forego the pleasure.
The extract wets read,as follows:
Among the objects of interest vry often, U not ai w:iv ,
to bo tound at the loot of dams and c.itaiacts, aie uh.it aie
called { pot holes.' Tin y an; lound holes woi n in the solid
lock by a single Mono kept in motion by the waiei. Some
of them nic veiy kuge, and others are small. When the
stream becomes dty there they aie, smooth as if tinned out
by machinery, and the haid joutid pebbles at the bottom by
which the euiious vvoik was done. Every year, a* thcdiy
season comes along, we find that the holes have grown
linger, and the pebbles smaller, and that nofieshet ha« been
found povveiful enough to dtbiodge the pebbles and reiuat-e
the lock from u-> amnion.
"Now, if a man will unn fiom the contemplation of one
of theM! ' pot holo,'1 and the means by which it is made,
and seek lor that reMtJt and that piocess in the world of
mind which mo^t le^emhlo them, i am sure that lie will
lind them in a man of 4 one Idea.' In truth, these scenes
that I have been painting were all icealled to me by look-
ing upon one of the>e men, studying his chaiactcr, and
watching tin- efleet of the 1 single idea'by which he was
actuated. 'Tluic,' t-aid I, involuntanly, ' in a moial pot
hole with a pebble m it, and the hole glows largei and the
pebble smaller eveiy year.'
'' I suppose it is useless to undertake to reform men of
' one idea 5 The ical trouble i> that the pebble 1s- in them,
and whole ficr-heN of truth aie pouted upon them only with
the efleet to make it more lively in its grinding, and more
c-eitam in its process of wearing out it « If and them. The
little man who, when ordeied bv his physician to take a
quait of medicine, informed him with a dcprecatoiy whim-
per that he did not hold bur a pint, illustrate!, the capacity
of many o( those who aie --ubjeet^ of a {single if lea.5 They
do not hold but one, and it would be useless to prescribe a
larger number, in a country like ouis, in winch everything
i^ new, and ever} body free, there aie multitudes of sclf-
constituted doctoH,eaehot whom has a uosti um for curing
all physical ami mora! disoidors and diseases—a patent pro-
cess by which humanity may at hieve it*> proudest progiess
and iw ev( Halting happiness. The country is lull of hobby
iiders, booted and spimed, who imagine they are leading
a giand raec to a golden goal, forgctfhl ot the truth that
their steedd are tethered to a feinglc idea, around which
they arc revolving only to tread down the gra^s, and wind
themselves up, whete they may bland at last amid the
worlds lidicule, and htoned to death.,J
Mr. FESSENDEN. As General Jackson is
reported to have said, that by the oath which he
took to support the Constitution of the United
States, he swore to support it as he understood it,
so, I trust, the honorable gentleman will not in-
sist on my giving his construction find application
to this extract, but will let me give the construc-
tion and application that suits me best.
On analyzing this extract, I find that" the moral
