648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
jfruMbetased. Itis none the less judicial action.
It is the punishment of an individual by depriva-
tion of an office which he is entitled to hold unless
criminal misconduct is proved against him. You
may expel by the mere two-thirds vote of the Sen-
ate without any cause whatever,but that would be
not the rightful exercise, butagross and tyrannical
abuse of power. The punishment of an individ-
ual for misconduct in any mode, whether by depri-
vation of office or otherwise, in all free countries
must necessarily be a judicial question, whatever
may be the forum or the body in which the decis-
ion is to be made. The forms of proceeding in
courts of justice may be dispensed with; the mere
model ruiesofevidence may notbeessential; but the
great leading principles of evidence in all judicial
trials cannot be abandoned without palpable in-
justice where punishment is to follow the sentence
of any tribunal. I care not whether you call the
offense charged criminal misconduct or a misde-
meanor; there must be an alleged charge proved
according to rational inference from the facts ad-
duced in the case, or else injustice must be done.
Difference of opinion, however wide, no matter
how exciting or grave a subject on which that dif-
ference exists, will not justify an expulsion, un-
less,indeed,thedoctrineisto obtain that a political
party, having a two-thirds majority in this Cham-
ber, can rightfully crush all opposition to its gen-
eral policy orits particular measures by this power
of expulsion. In my judgment, such can never be
a rational construction of the Constitution of a free
representative Government, be that Government
a monarchy or a republic.
Sir, the precedents are in accordance with this.
In Blount's case the judgment of the Senate was
nearly unanimous. It was on criminal miscon-
duct charged and proved in the case. In Smith's
case the charge also was for participation in a con-
spiracy to destroy the United States or to subvert
its Government as to a portion of its territory.
Not sympathy with Mr. Burr, not intimacy with
Mr. Burr, but participation m ins conspiracy was
the charge in the resolution for the expulsion of
Smith, on which the vote of the Senate was taken,
• and which failed on the yeas and nays by one vote.
In both those cases the Senate allowed counsel to
the accused, and he was charged with a distinct
and specific act of criminal misconduct. It mat-
ters not whether the conduct of Blount amounted
to a misdemeanor which could be reached by the
statute law of the land; it was criminal miscon-
duct proved in the case; and the action of the Sen-
ate was judicial. In the case of Smith it was not
Only criminal misconduct, but if true and proved,
it was a crime under the statute law, and could
also have been punished by the sentence of a
court. Of the jurisdiction of the Senate in both
these cases or in this £ have 110 doubt. But unless
the action was intended to be judicial, it is impos-
sible to suppose that the Senate on those resolu-
tions for expulsion would have allowed counsel to
be heard in defense of tile accused. The whole
course of the proceedings was also of a judicial
character.
But,sir,in the case of Smith, tlie report in which
has been most freely quoted from in this case, the
question on which the vote of the Senate was taken
was the resolution of expulsion for participation
in Burr's conspiracy; but no vote was taken on the
report of the committee. As I dissent from some
of the principles of that report, and it has been
frequently quoted in this debate, I shall take the
liberty of reading the remarks of one of the ablest
and purest statesmen who has existed in this coun-
try, in that debate, to show,notonly by the weight
of his character but the strength of his argument,
that one, at least, of the principles advanced in that
report is utterly untenable, and that the course of
proceedings must be of a judicial character when
the action of the Senate is on a question of expul-
sion. I read from the Annals of Congress the re-
marks of Mr, Hillhouse, of Connecticut, after the
argument had been made in support of the reso-
lution which was before the Senate. He said:
''The cause before tlie Senate hns been so fullv heard
and so ably discussed that it wai my intention to have given
a silent vote, had not the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] declared m so pointed a manner that even '
voting on the lesolution would sanction the report of the
committee which accompanied it; a report containing prin-
ciples which f can never sanction bv my vote; principles
which go to discredit all out ciimmai tribunals, and those
rules of proceeding and of evidence which govern the decis-
ions of courts; rules which alone can shield Innocence
arid protect an accused individual against a governmental
prosecution or the overwhelming power of a formidable
combination of individuals determined on his destruction—
principles which would plant a dagger in the bosom of civil
liberty."
Now for the argument:
" Of the many erroneous principles contained in that re-
poit, theie is but one which I shall think it necessary par-
ticulaily to notice. The question (says the report) upon
the triali of a criminal cause before the courts of common
law is not between guilt and innocence, but between guilt
and the possibility ot innocence.' This is a principle which
I can never sanction, nor in the smallest degree counte-
nance by my vole. In every country where civil liberty
and individual rights are regarded, the common law rule is,
that the trial is between innocence and guilt; and that every
person is to be deemed innocent until his guilt is proved;
a rule which, so long as we shall preserve our liberties,
cannot be abandoned. Once admit that the person accused
is to be presumed guilty, and to be put to prove the possi-
bility of his innocence, and the same circumstances that
would otheiwxse go to establish innocence would be con-
verted into proof of guilt. Jn the present ease, admit the
presumption of innocence, and many parts of the conver-
sations and conduct of the member accused, which are now
relied on as proof of his guilt, may be accounted for as be-
ing exactly what an honest, unsuspecting man would have
said and done; but upon the supposition that he was en-
gaged In Aaron Burr's conspiiacy, many presumptions of
his guilt may be drawn from them."
Mr. President, I consider this argument in sup-
port of a principle which ought to apply to all
cases of expulsion as unanswerable. The pre-
sumption is here, as in a trial at law, in favor of
innoccnce. The proof is on those who allege the
right by the vote, whether of two thirds or four
fifths of the Senate, to deprive a Senator of his
seat in this body, on the ground of misconduct.
I care not about technical rules of evidence; but
there are great and essential principles of justice
which must be adhered to, unless you moan to
punish not for misconduct, but as the result of
prejudice and party bias. What has been the
course in this case? The charge of disloyalty
founded on the letter of the 1st of March, 1861,
made against the honorable Senator from Indiana
was referred to the Judiciary Committee; and on
investigation and proof of handwriting, the com-
mittee, though composed of five out of seven of
the political opponents of the accuscd, by a vote
nearly unanimous (with but one exception) made
a report in his favor, and ad verse to the resolution
of expulsion. It was the result of the unbiased
judgment of the committee as to the rational in-
ference of the intent of the writer, on full consid-
eration of the whole circumstances under which
the letter was written. It is a matter of regret to
me that one member of the committee should since
have changed his opinion. I have a sincere re-
spect for that honorable Senator; but I cannot but
believe, from the reasons he has assigned, thathe
will hereafter regret the change of his vote.
Since this debate began, widely different and
multifarious grounds of accusation have been pre-
sented to the Senate, commencing with the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] and
have been urged m support of the resolution of
expulsion; and the extreme variance of the rea-
sons assigned by honorable Senators, extraneous
to the charge made and investigated, by which it
is sought to overrule the report of the committee,
afloid but too pregnant evidence that judicial in-
quiry is to be abandoned, and political bias and
perhaps personal hostility to the Senator from In-
diana to b$ substituted as a sufficient reason for
his expulsion. I shall not pretend to answer the
accusations founded on mere differences of polit-
ical opinion, and I have not the semblance of hope
that the prejudice which that line of argument
may have produced can be dispelled by any argu-
ment of mine. I shall confine myself to the charge
of misconduct, which is the only legitimate ground
on which the action of this body can be based.
Though the letter is very familiar to the Senate,
as I mean to comment upon it briefly, I will now
read it:
Washington, March 1,1881.
My Dea.ii Sir : Allow me to inttoduoc to your acquaint-
ance my friend, Thomas 11. Lincoln, of Texas. He visits
your capital mainly to dispose of what he regards a gieat
impiovement in fiie-arms. I recommend him to your favor-
able consideration, as a gentleman of the first respectability,
and reliable in every respect.
Wiy truly, yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President oj the Confederition of States.
This letter, it is argued, is evidence of disloyalty,
if not of treason, on the ground that it develops
an intention to afford aid and assistance to a public
enemy. Two principal reasons are assigned for
this: first, the address of the letter; second, the
character of the invention recommended. Let us
look at the circumstances under which the letter
was written, and see if by rational inference dis-
loyalty or treasonable intent can be justly attrib-
uted to the writer.
Six States—I think six, perhaps five—at the time
claiming, though erroneously, a reserved right of
peaceful secession, had withdrawn from the Union
and organized another government, of which Mr.
Davis was elected president or head. The writer
had no authority to recognize the legality of the
act, nor, as he tells you, did he intend to do so;
and his past action in this body, his past course
in seventeen years of senatorial service, is the best
evidence of his loyalty to the Government. He
never advocated the doctrine of secession; and it
is strange indeed if, because his personal and po-
litical relations induced friendly feelings towards
Mr. Davis, the existence of those feelings is to be
assumed as the semblance of evidence of a dis-
loyal intent. This organization existed in fact,
and the letter was a mere letter of introduction,
addressed to Mr. Davis by the title which he
claimed, purely as an act of courtesy, and not of
recognition. Suppose the letter had been one in-
tended to dissuade Mr. Davis from the course on
which he had entered, and to endeavor to prevail
upon him to abandon it, and use his influence to
bring those States back into the bosom of the
Umon, would it be expected, if that letter had not
been addressed to him by the title he claimed, that
it would even be received, much less read?
The address was a mere matter of courtesy. It
acknowledged a fact, but not the legality of the
office or title cUrimcd by the person to whom it
was addressed; and can the language of courtesy
be rationally perverted into evidence of a disloyal
intent ?
If the character of the letter read here had been
such as for the sake of argument I have supposed,
who would have pretended that it was the inten-
tion of the writer to recognize the legality of this
recently-organized confederacy because it was ad-
dressed to the presidentof that confederacy, which
was in fact organized ? The subject of the letter
docs not alter the inference as to the intent of the
writer as drawn from the address, though it may
be clearer and more undeniable in the one case
than the other.
Again, the language is " my dear sir*," and that
shows to my mind, incontrovertibly, that it was
the language of friendly relation, and not intended
to be the language of official recognition. I have
confined my remarks hitherto to the address; for
if that was not intended to recognize the legality
of the position of Mr. Davis, there is no other
aspect in which it ca  be viewed as disloyal or
treasonable.
Next is the inference of disloyalty drawn from
the object with which the introduction was sought
—an improvement in fire-arms. What, sir, was
the condition of the country at that time? It has
been said—and the acts have been detailed seriatim
—that war had been levied against the United
States, certainly not by the confederate States as
a political body, though acts of violence had been
committed by the authorities of particular States.
What might have been the decision on those acts
upon the trial of the actors, is not the question
here; nor can any inference of guilty intent in the
writer of the letter be drawn from the fact that
such acts would, by the ruling of a court, be held
technically a " levying of war." The question is,
was the country at war with this actually organ-
ized confederacy, to the president of which the
letter was addressed? Did public opinion, or the
unsuspended intercourse winch existed in all parts
of this country, cause men to believe that war ex-
isted or was imminent at the time this letter was
written? Mr. President, your postal communi-
cations, your telegraphic communications, the
entire traveling of the community, its commer-
cial intercourse was carried on at that day m just
as unrestricted a manner as it had been before.
Neither the then President nor Congress, the sole
powers who have a right to recognize a state of
war, had given that character to the acts which are
nowproclaimedtobealevyingofwar. Nay,more;
forty days afterwards the present Executive of the
United States disclaimed the idea that any war
then existed, or that it would probably ensue. Of
course, the views expressed by the present head
of the Government would naturally weigh more
with honorable Senators than any belief that was
