1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2633
not ask me to repeat what I have said on that sub-
ject. I have told the Senate once and again why
you did those things. It was not to benefit Wis-
consin; it was to benefit yourselves. It was not
to benefit Iowa; it was to benefit the nation. You
wanted to strengthen the nation, and you took the
best means to doit. You have the strength; you
have got all you bargained for. You granted
lands for railroads; and New York and Boston
and Philadelphia own them to-day. We never
could have got a railroad grant but for those in-
fluences in the East. No man ever dared to pro-
pose the giving of an acre of land to build a rail-
road but it was to sell it to improve your lands.
That is why you did it.
I do not urge this because I am not now willing
to give something to aid the cause of education. I
am not willing to give the land; I do not want you
to take the land; 1 would rather that you should
take the proceeds. That is equal; that will give
as much to New Jersey, in proportion to her pop-
ulation, as to New York; it will give as much to
Ohio as to Massachusetts.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am very much obliged to
the Senator from Wisconsin for his frankness.
We now distinctly understand that in the votes
we have given and the speeches we have made in
relation to the donation of public lands in the
West for the new States, that the grant of lands
in the homestead bill, and the grants for churches,
schools, and everything else that havebeen made,
have been made solely by the representatives from
the old States, through a spirit of gain.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator from New Jersey
allow me to make a remark?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir; I do not wish to
protract the debate.
Mr. RICE. I do not, for one, wish the Sena-
tor from New Jersey to have any such under-
standing. Congress has granted to us lands for
railroad purposes. It is true that in those grants
the even sections were raised in price to §2 50 an
acre; but the very fact of granting those lands for
railroad purposeshas induced settlers from the old
States to come into'the new States, and their peo-
ple have purchased those lands at §2 50 and the
money has come from the East for that purpose.
Not only that, but the money for the building of
the railroads in the new States—I will not except
one—comes from the East. Not only has the
land been a gift, a donation to the new States, but
in addition the old Statesgive us settlers and they
give us money to build our roads, and I, for one,
think it has been a gratuity, and a most noble
one.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am very much obliged to
the Senator from Minnesota for interrupting me,
because he has presented the conduct of the old
States in a much better and truer light than I my-
self could have done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be observed by the
friends of the bill that there has been no provision
made for the payment of the land officers for their
labor in locating the land scrip. With a view to
give them the ordinary compensation, I propose
this amendment as an additional section:
Jin,l he it further enacted, That land officers shall leceive
the same fees tor locating land scrip, issued under tile pio-
visions ot this act, as is now allowed for the location ot
nnlitniv bounty land warrants under existing laws: Pro-
vided, Their maximum compensation shall not be thereby
increased.
Mr. RICE. I do not think that is right. Where
a man locates a one hundred and sixty acre iand
warrant the land officer is entitled to about four
dollars; but then, under the preemption law, he is
compelled to take a large amount of proof that is
not required in this case. He gets the same pay
for locating this scrip, or rather for receiving it
and giving a duplicate, that he gets for aland war-
rant located by a man who preempts a quarter
section, though he does not do one fourth of the
labor.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will pardon me
for asking what proof a land officer takes in lo-
cating a military bounty land warrant?
Mr. IlICE. He takes proof in cases of pre-
emption. 1 believe they are allowed four dollars
for locating one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. IXARLAN. They are allowed two per
cent, on the amount located, estimating the land
at $1 25 an acre.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa allows our land officers to have
precisely what they have for locating land war-
rants. It is eminently just. The same proof is
required here as in locating a warrant. They are
required, when a land warrant is presented, to
make the entry, and they are required to do the
same thing with this scrip, and they should have
the same compensation. I think thaamendment
is eminently just.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I propose to amend the bill by
adding as an additional section:
*flnd be it further enacted, That the Governors of the sev-
eral States to which scrip shall be issued undei this act
shall be required to report annually to Congress all sales
made of such scrip, until the whole shall be disposed of, the
amount leceived for the same, and what appropriation has
been made of the proceeds.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
an amendment made to that. The only virtue
that I can see connected with this bill is the hope
that the States will send with each piece of scrip
an actual settler. That is what we want—an
actual, bona fide settler from the old States; and I
should like to have a provision inserted, compel-
ling the Governor, or whoever has the disposition
of this land scrip, to sell it to men who will act-
ually settle on the land, so as to prevent its going
into the hands of speculators.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the amendment of Mr. Howe, and declared that
it appeared to be rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I hope there can be no sort of
objection to allowing the United States to be in-
formed what is done with the scrip.
Mr. WADE. I cannot see any objection to the
amendment. It rather strikes me as a very good
one. Perhaps there may be some objection to it;
but I cannot see any.
Mr. HOWE. I did not mean that there should
be.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brovvninc, Chandler, Davis, Doolittle,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mc-
Dougall, Nesmitli, Pomeioy, Powell, Stark, Sumner, Ten
Eyek, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wriaht—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Antlionv, Oarllle, Clark, Collnmer,
Cowan. Di.\on, FcsM'ndcn, Foot, Foster, Ilanis,Kennedy,
King, Morrill, Rice, Simmons, Trumbull, and Willey—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
"Shall the hill pass?"
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As an old-line Dem-
ocrat, I have always been opposed to the distribu-
tion of the public lands among the States, or of the
proceeds thereof, and I should like to have the yeas
and nays on the passage of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. It is altogether a mistake on
the part of those gentlemen who suppose that
western Senators or Representatives are indis-
posed to do justice towards the old States. So far
as I am concerned, I am heartily in favor of a bill
providing a fund that will lay the foundation for
the establishment of agricultural colleges from the
proceeds of the public lands, or by grants of the
lands themselves; and if I were not thus disposed
I should be constrained to vote for a bill 111 this
behalf, because I am thus instructed by the Gen-
eral Assembly of my State; but I cannot votr for
this bill, audi wish briefly to state the reason why.
It is because of the amendment that has been in-
troduced, and which is to become a part of the
statute if it is enacted into a law, limiting the
amount that is to be selected from any one State
to a million of acres. I believe that it will be dis-
astrous to the Territories, and I predict that ifit
is enacted into a law we have seen the last one of
the agricultural Territories come into this Union,
or knocking at our doors for admission into the
Union as a State.
So long as you allow the States, or the persons
who hold this scrip derived through the States,
to go indiscriminately into the States and Tern-
tones and take up their land, mixing it up wl'"
lands of actual settlers, of persons who buy, the
persons who preempt, and the persons who ac-
quire their title under the homestead law, the
operation of this law will be beneficial to those
States instead of being injurious. We have got
in my State two or three million acres of land,
and I would rather that two million acres of
that land should be taken under this bill than
otherwise, because I know the moment it is taken
up our people will begin to tax it, and the mo-
ment it is taxed that moment it will be the in-
terest of the man who holds it to attempt to sell
it; and if he is a citizen of New York or Massa-
chusetts his efforts will be to secure a citizen of
New York or Massach'usettsf one of his neigh-
bors, and to transplant him upon that land either
as a tenant or as an owner, and he will thus be-
come an actual bona fide settler and producer in
my State. Hence I say, so long as you allow
the operation of the bill to act in that way, you
will confer a benefit on my State and not an in-
jury; and therefore I want the privilege of the
bill to extend throughout my State; but when you
confine it so that only one million acres shall
be taken from a State, where are they to get it?
There are no lands in Oregon that can be taken
under it. The Senator from Oregon has just told
me that very few if any lands can be taken under
this act there. There are none, I apprehend, in
California.
Mr. LATHAM. Very few.
Mr. GRIMES. Very few, if any, in Califor-
nia. There are none, or comparatively none, in
Missouri. There are the three States of Kansas,
Iowa, and Minnesota, where they can be taken,
and only there. Now, you donate somewhere
near ten millions of acres under this bill. The
grantees will not go to Nevada or Colorado, be-
cause those are mineral Territories, and have very
little, if any, agricultural soil. They are com-
pelled, therefore, to go to that country which is
now included within the limits of Nebraska and
Dakota, which may and ought to be hereafter
subdivided into States. There must be between
seven and eight millions of acres thrown into
those two Territories.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to cor-
rect the Senator from Iowa. I have examined
this bill with a good deal of care, and I can as-
sure him that there will not be over five millions
of acres of land to select. You select one million
in Minnesota, one m Iowa, one in Missouri,one
in Kansas, and you have but otic million more to
select. Missouri has three million acres of land,
almost three times as much as Iowa. Then there
is Wisconsin. It is not necessary for me to re-
mind the Senator that this scrip will be located in
States rather than Territories, and being so lo-
cated there will not be over a million of acres to
be located in all of the Territories.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether the
Senator from Kansas is better informed than the
Senator from Ohio, who has charge of this bill,
and I had it but a few minutes ago from him that
there are between nine and ten millions of acres
to be selected under this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Thatistrue; butyou
have amended the bill so as to compel the States
that have lands which have been operated on by
the graduation bill, to select their land in their
own State; and therefore you have reduced the
amount to be taken outside in the new States, to
less than five millions.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator is through, I
will go on with what I have to say. I am not
aware of that fact; that has not been stated by the
chairman of the committee who has charge of this
bill, and according to the statement he has already
made, and according to the information furnished
me by my colleague, who is chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, there are something like
seven millions of acres of this land that will ne-
cessarily be selected from theTerritories. I heard
a remark on the other side of the Chamber that
Wisconsin had a good many lands. Thatistrue;
but they are not the character of lands that will
be selected under this bill. The agricultural lands
of Wisconsin are nearly all taken up; her valu-
able pine lands are all taken up. She has strips
of land, ridges between pine lands and between
the streams, that are not susceptible of cultiva-
tion or will not be for the next hundred yeais,
and there some of this scrip might be located, but
only upon those lands.
Now, sir, what will be the result of this bill?
