1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
3fan Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Mallory.
Ho. of Reps.
to be made on the original form of the Govern-
ment. The leading idea must prevail, if the na-
tion shall perish. Sir, the people who love the
old Government of their fathers must awake to
its dangers. Let them declare that their Army
in the field and their Representatives in council
shall harbor but one thought—the overthrow of
the rebellion and the restoration of the Union as
it was—and all will be well. The nation will
emerge from the clouds of war to the blessed sun-
shine of peace, for I cannot doubt the triumph of
your arms. As one of the Representatives of In-
diana, I have supported, sir, and will still sup-
port every just measure of this Administration to
restore the CJnion. No partisan interest shall con-
trol me when the Republic is in danger. I placc
the interest of my country far above every other
interest. I will make any sacrifice to uphold the
Government. But I will not be deterred from
condemning, at this time, this or any other series
of measures—the offspring of misguided zeal and
passion, or the want of faith in our people—
which tend to defeat the hope of ft restoiation of
the Union. The citizen soldier, stricken down in
battle, or worn out by the weary march, falls a
willing sacrifice for the Constitution of Ins coun-
try, and his dying eyes light up with hope as
they catch the gleam of its starry symbol, while
we deliberate on measures which would overthrow
the one and blot out the stars from the other.
Sir, the voice of the conservative masses must
be heard. Let them resolve that the Union shall
be restored as it wds, and as their fatheis made
it; that the Constitution shall be maintained in its
vigor and strength; that the form of Government
shall not be changed or the old landmarks re-
moved, even to the tithe of a hair. Let them re-
pudiate and condemn these wild schemes of ladical
change in the structure of the Government and
their advocates. Let them declare that the triumph
of our arms shall be attended by moderation and
magnanimity. Let them crush out extravagance
in expenditure and peculation upon the public
Treasury; and with the blessing of Ileaven wc
will leave to our children the Republic greater,
nobler, stronger than it was when we received it
from our fathers Five thousand, sir, of my own
brave constituents are in the field. I should hold
myself unworthy to be their Representative if any
impulse of my heart or word from my lips had
been disloyal to the Constitution of my country.
And equally should I condemn myself if, while
they are defending the Constitution against trai-
tors in arms, I should remain silent when that
Constitution is assailed m the council of the Re-
public, and measures inaugurated which will de-
prive themand their children of the fruits of their
toils and sufferings. *
Insatiable war has smitten many of them down
far away from the homos of their childhood, the
waves of the Chesapeake sound their requiem,
and the Potomac laves the sod where they sleep.
They have found a soldier's grave in the defiles
and on the mountains of Virginia, while Ken-
tucky receives dust as honored as that which she
has left on the battle-fields of Tippecanoe and the
Thames, and the wild flowers in the silent fields
of the far distant prairies will nod with the sigh
of the wind over many of their graves. They
have fallen with honor in the flower of manhood
and youth in the cause of constitutional liberty—
their birthright and the heritage of their chil-
dren.
I will not, sir, hesitate in the support of the
cause of constitutional liberty in which they have
perished, if the purpose of the war shall be
changed to a war upon the institutions of States,
and to reduce them to provinces, I should almost
despair of the Republic. But I do not despair. I
have abiding faith in the constancy of the people.
Let their voice be heard above the clamor of pas-
sion for the old guarantees of their liberty, the
old landmarks of the Republic, and with the noble
efforts of your citizens m arms, with wise and
moderate counsels, and the blessings of Heaven,
we may indulge the confident belief that the sacii-
fices and sufferings of the nation will be more
than compensated by the restoration of the fabric
ofthcUnion inallitsoriginal beauty and strength.
Courage and moderation, and fortitude and pa-
tience, inspired by the good genius of the Repub-
lic, will triumph.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. k MALLORY,
of kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
May 21, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the propetty anil free from scivitudc the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. MALLORY said:
Mr. Speaker: I dislike very much to trespass
upon the attention of the House at so late an hour
of the session, and would not do so were it not
that my connection with the committee to which
this whole subject of confiscation was referred,
renders it necessary that I should, at some time,
present before this body my convictions in regard
to this great and cxciting question.
In the few remarks I intend to submit—I shall
be very brief—I will not undertake to follow the
argument indulged in by the gentleman from New
York who has recently occupied the floor, [Mr.
Lansing.] From the scope and tenor of that gen-
tleman 5s specch, I take it for granted he belongs to
a party in this House which is very limited in its
numbers. He lias announced his solemn convic-
tion that this war must and ought to be waged
against the rebels of the South for the extermina-
tion of the institution of slavery.
Mr. LANSING. Allow me to correct the gen-
tleman. That is not the position I laid down. I
laid down the position that we should emancipate
the slaves of the rebels as a means of prosecuting
this war.
Mr. MALLORY. I understood the gentleman
to assert distinctly the proposition that under the
Constitution of the United States, in the reduction
of this wanton, unprovoked, ami wicked icbel-
lion, this Government had the right to resoit to
any and every means which it mi^ht think neces-
sary to secure that end. 1 understood that to ho
the position which the gentleman assumed, and
the whole scope and line of his aig;umcnt ap-
peared to be intended to try to prove that slavery
had brought on this war; that there never can be
permanent peace m this country as long as that
institution exists, and that if the Government of
the United States should come to that conclusion,
it possessed and ought to exercise the power to
exterminate slavery.
1 believe, at least I hope, that opinion is shaicd
by few Representatives on this floor. I am not to
be led into an argument based upon the supposi-
tion that such is the opinion and purpose of a
large portion of the members of this House. I
wiil merely protest against and denounce it; I
shall assume that it is not, and in the few remarks
which I shall submit, I will undertake to confine
myself to the legitimate subject before the. House,
and discuss the confiscation bills lepoited by the
select committee of seven.
I cannot concur in the opinion expressed by
many gentlemen for whom I entertain great re-
spect, and whose legal opinions I have been taught
to consider correct, that there is in the Consti-
tution of the United States no inhibition on Con-
gress to forfeit the estates of persons who have
been guilty of the crime of treason and thereof
convicted and attainted. I approach this subject
with much diffidence. I do not profess to be so
skilled and learned in intricate constitutional ques-
tions as many other members on this floor. I am
a plain, blunt man, and in that spirit approach
every subject which I undertake to discuss. But
I think there are great leading provisions of the
Constitution of the United States so plain in their
import that a wayfaring man, though a fool, can-
not err in their construction and true interpreta-
tion. I consider that provision which applies to the
subject of forfeiture for treason one of these. Un-
like the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Nokll,}
I have been taught to bflieve that the crime of
treason is defined in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and that it is defined so clearly and dis-
tinctly that no man can misconceive and misun-
derstand it. I have been taught that it consists
u in levying war against the United States, and in
adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort." 1 have also been taught that the Con-
stitution plainly and unequivocally prohibits the
forfeiture of the property of an attainted traitor,
except during his lifetime. This is the view in
which I have been educated. It is, I think, the
view of this subject entertained and expressed by
the framers of the Constitution.
The crime of treason is distinctly defined, and,
as has been frequently said, no punishmentis pre-
scribed for it in the Constitution. That is left for
the action of Congress. You arc told by the Con-
stitution what treason is, but you are not told what
shall be its punishment. In that lies the discre-
tion of Congress. You can declare by your law
that the traitor shall suffer death; that he shall be
imprisoned for life or a term of years. You can
decrce by your law that he shall bo banished fiom
the country, and deprived of the protection of the
Government he, has outraged and attempted to
subvert. You can do all this; but by the plain
provision of the Constitution, when you approach
his property and attempt to punish him by con-
fiscating it, yon are expressly forbidden to impose
the penalty of forfeiture, except during the life of
the person attainted. This prohibition, emphat-
ically expressed in the Constitution, applies to
the crime of treason by whatever name it may be
called. Can you call it murder, and then, as a
consequence of conviction and judgment, decree
that the estate of the murdeier shall be forfeited
forever? I apprehend not. This crime is so dis-
tinctly desci ibod in the Constitution of the United
States that when it is committed, call it by any
name yort please, it is still the crime of treason.
You cannot say it is the simple offense of rebellion
against the Government of the United States if
the act comes w'uhin the constitutional definition
of treason. You cannot ignore the crime of treason
by calling the act rebellion.
1 f you call an act rebellion, or i esistance to the
laws of the United States, and punish it by fine,
or confiscation, or forfeiture, when you analyze
it and find that it consists m " levying war against
the United States, adhering to their enemies, giv-
ing them aid and comfoit," you aie forced to
the conclusion that whatever may be the name
given the act, the oiwie is treason, i\nd you are at
once confronted and controlled in your effort to
punish it by all the provisions and limitations of
the Constitution concei nmg treason. No attainder
of treason shall work corruption of blood, or for-,
feiture, except during the lile of the person at-
tainted.
This may be an old-fashioned view of the sub-
ject. Jt may not suit the new-fangled notions
which of late prevail in this country, but it is my
conviction, as solemnly and as fixedly settled in
my mind as any great truth inculcated by the
fathers of the Republic, and from which I cannot
be induced to wander and depart.
1 am opposed to the bills reported by the special
committee, because this great constitutional fact,
limitation, and inhibition, is overlooked and dis-
regarded by them, and becausc 1 cannot see any-
where in the bills tho slightest respect to that con-
stitutional limitation of our power.
Eve i y for tenure decreed by this bill all the con-
fiscation—if you choose to call it by that name—
piovided for in it, is so provided becausc theparty
whose property is to be confiscated has been guilty
of the crime of treason against the Government ot
the United States, and the provisions of this bill
are that such propel ty shall be seized by the Gov-
ernment of the United States and sold, and the pro-
ceeds put into the Treasury of the United States,
as the property of the Government, in fee simple
and forever.
I know, Mr. Speaker, an effort has been made
by many ingenious, if not learned men, to evade
this limitation and restriction by saying you do
not attaint the individual guilty of this crime,
that you do not pursue the peison who has per-
petrated it, that you leave him to go at large, in-
stitute no trial, do not bring lum to judgmentand
conviction, but institute what gentlemen call a
proceeding in rem against his property. It is
gravely aigucd that by doing this and letting the
offender go at large, you have the right to attach
his'property and forfeit it for the crime of trea-
son, when you would not have that right if you
pursued the party to conviction and attainder. I
never can be brought to sanction any such evasion
of the Constitution of the United States as this.
I can never, from the learning I have had instilled
