1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
of general inquiry in reference to the loyalty of
Senators. A caucus was called, not having any
reference whatever to the case of the Senator from
Indiana. I told our friends there that I should
feel bound to introduce such a resolution. It was
talked over with the express understanding that
no man was bound in a case like this by anything
that was done in caucus; but it was thought but-
ter that the matter should assume another form;
and the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkin-
son] stated that he would introduce this resolu-
tion; this I told my colleague. That was all my
connection with it. There was no determination
in caucus 011 the subject: upon the contrary, it
• was said expressly by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Harris,] and others, that it was not
a fit matter for a caucus decision,and thatnobody
was bound by what might be said there.
Mr. BRIGHT. My colleague lias stated just
what I knew from his antecedents he would state.
There isnothing in his statement inconsistent with
mine. He bears evidence to the truth of my state-
ment that at our first meeting I asked him, as my
colleague, to inquire into this case; and the reason
he declined was the reason which I stated to the j
Senator from Delaware. I was unwilling that the I
Senator from Delaware should be placed in a false ,
position; and I thought it was my duty, as a just j
man, to state where he got his information from.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not cou- ,
sider myself placed in a false position at all. The
honorable Senator from Indiana misunderstands ]
what I have said. I stated what I had heard, and
said expressly that if it was erroneous I desired '
to be corrected. I had heard itasgeneral rumor;
and now when the Senator from Indiana men- j
tioned the fact, I had no recollection of his having !
spoken to me 011 the subject. I had heard it from ;
several persons; but it was one of those rumors
which we so constantly hear in Washington, :
oftentimes false I admit, that I could not say from 1
whom I heard it. I did not make any imputation, '
but stated what I had heard, leaving Senators to I
deny itif it were not the fact. I said lhat ifit was
true, it was only further evidence that party spirit
had improperly entered into the determination of
this case. With the explanation of the honorable
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane] just made, I am
perfectly content to believe that no caucus was held
for the purpose of determining this case; but it is
admitted that political opinions were compaied 011
the general question of the propriety of entering
into inquiiies as to the loyalty of members. That,
ills admitted, was the subjcct-matter ofparfy con-
ference. It is unnecessary for my argument, and
I never desire, even against a party, much less as
agamstany member of a party, to makean impu-
tation which cannot be established. I meant to
make none such. I made a statement of what 1
had heard, leading it to the correction of Senators.
But apait entirely from any senatorial caucuses,
the other facts are undoubted and undeniable. The
spirit of party has entered into the decision of this
question, having been invoked for that purpose
Sir, the spirit of party, always remorseless and
unreasoning, is never just or wise in its dealings
with individuals. I know it will not only tolerate,
but approve of injustice to those against whom it
may be arrayed, particularly in times of high ex-
citement; and its influence is the more dangerous
because too often it operates unconsciously on the
minds of even moderate and reflecting men, and
warps and perveits their judgment. With the
mass of partisans iu sway is overwhelming, and
reason and justice perish under its malign influ-
ence. It is tiue, too, that power never makes men
bettor; and therefore a wise and lellceting man
will always endeavor to guard himself against its
insidious and unconscious influence, and inevit-
able tendency to abuse. Shakspearc was right
in his description of its ell'ects upon man, as he
always is when delineating human vu lues, human
vices, or human 1'iailties:
" Unt man. pioud mall I
Dre&t m alLttk- burt authority :
Mnn ignniant of what lie's most as-sur'tl,
His g]as.-y essence—like nil unary ape.
Plays suoli fantastic incite Li^mc. I112I1 heaven,
A make the weep: \\ lie, \v!t|i.our ^ileens,
Would all themselves l.ui^li moital "
Sir,if this case weie to be decided judicially 011
proved acts of misconduct, I should not fear its
result; but if, as I nowbelieve, the spintcf party
is to determine it, if the letter of the honorable
Senator from Indiana is to be read, and its intent
i inferred ^by partisan bias, or if he is to be punished
by deprivation of his seat because his views and
opinions as to the policy and measures required
for the interest and welfare of our common coun-
try in the present disastrous and lamentable crisis
may differ from thoseofthe majority of this Cham-
ber possessing the power of expulsion, I cannot
hope that justice will govern the decision. He
will add but another victim to the many who in
past time have been sacrificed at the shrine of
party, and he must look for redress to that nat-
ural sense of justice among men which, in cases
of individual oppression, will always sympathize
with and sustain the oppressed when the hour of
passion and prejudice has passed*
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the question
on the adoption of the resolution ?
Mr. BRIGHT. If no one else wishes to ad-
dress the Senate, I have a few remarks to make
before the vote is taken.
In the personal aspect of the question it would
perhaps be better that I should have said weeks
ago what I shall say to-day; but not anticipating
that the subject would occupy as much time as it
has consumed, or that such importance would be
attached to it, I was content to leave it with the
members of the Judiciary Committee. I stated at
the close of the debate on Friday last that I might,
befoi e a ii  a] vote was taken, offer a few remarks
more in the form of a statement of facts than an
argument in my own defense. I realize the truth
of what 1 believe is generally regarded as a maxim,
" Mint no man is a wise or safe counselor in lus
own cause;" but as there are now three Senators
present that were not here for several days after
this subject had engaged the attention of the Sen-
ate, I think it due to them that I should make a
brief explanation of the facts which form the basis
of this arraignment. I allude to the honorable
Senator fiom Virginia, [Mr. Willey,] who has
been absent on account of indisposition, and the
honorable Senators from Missouri lately admitted.
Further, Mr. Ptosident, I wish to'make my
acknowledgments to the members of the commit- '
tee who so unanimously reported against thcadop- j
tion of this resolution, even although one of the !
number [Mr. Foster] has since given way under f
the unprecedented pressure that lias been brought i
to bear upon him., I regret this, sir, as much on
his as on my own account. The reasons he has
assigned may be, and no doubt are, very satisfac-
tory to himself; but I apprehend they will not be
so to the friends of even-handed justice.
It is due to myself to say that 1 do not propose
to appeal to any Senator to suppoit the report of
the committee. No, sir; my main object is to place
myself right on the page of history. If 1 can
accomplish this, I am content, let the result be
what it may.
I confess, sii, that I have been amazed at the
paity organization exhibited on what has been so
justly and ably tivated as a judicial question by
every member of the Judiciary Committee who
has spoken m favor of the report. I may well
fear my inability to succeed against so formidable
an array of accusers, and such a variety of accu-
sations. I said, on a former occasion, that had I
known of the full proportions of this organized
effort to take my seat from me, and the means to
be employed to effect it—that the chargc of dis-
loyalty (for that is the only specification in the
resolution) was to be added to and multiplied at
tho will and pleasure of <>very speaker—that every
vote given or opinion expressed not in conform-
ity with the peculiar views of those who am
my accusers and prosecutors, was to be brought
against me as a crime, I might with the greatest
propriety have asked for counscl; but conscious
that I have not said, done, written, 01 voted any-
thing inconsistent with the prerogatives of an
American Senator, ] did not ask it, and 1 do not
regret not having done so. |
{ shall not attempt to shield myself from the j
partisan blows leveled at me with such fury by ;
interposing legal forms and technicalities. Let the |
light of day be poured m upon every act of my
political life proper to be inquired into m this con- .
nection, and, as I said on a former occasion, I re- ,
peat now, I challenge investigation.
i have had hitherto noieason to doubt that my ;
political action was approved by the people of the
State of Indiana, for thrice has i he honored in*- hy
election to this body, and on each occasion with
a unanimity among- my political friends, and hy
majorities of which any man might well feel proud.
Nay, more, sir; the Journals of this body, during
my long service here, contain the evidence that I
have shared largely in the confidence of its mem-
bers and the honors they have had to confer. I
do not refer to these facts in a spirit of egotism,
but as affording the most pointed answer that can
be given to such Senators as have questioned my
antecedents, and sought to prejudice me in the
estimation of my countrymen.
I come now, sir, to the gravamen of the offense
charged against me.
On the 1st day of March, 1861,1 wrote the fol-
lowing letter;
„T „ „ . Washington, March 1,1861.
My Dear Sir • Allow me to introduce to your acquaint
ancc my friend Thomas 13. Lincoln, of Texas, lie visits
your capital mainly to dispose of what ho iegard« a gieai
impi ovomcnt in fire-arms. 11 ecommcnd him to jour favor-
able consuleiation as agentleman of the first respectability,
and icliablo m every respect.
Veiy truly, yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To his Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Conjederation of Slates.
It becomes important at the threshold of this
inquiry to ascez'tain who Thomas B. Lincoln is;
whether he is " a gentleman of the first respecta-
bility, and reliable in every respect," (in the lan-
guage of the introduction,) oris he a man of doubt-
tul character ? Would lus past life prove him to
be an honest or a dishonest man? Is he or was
he a loyal or disloyal citizen at the date of my let-
ter, and upon what do I or did I base my opin-
ions? These I deem important inquiries, to be
answered before { go further, for in giving such
an indorsement as I gave to Mr. Lincoln, I am
responsible for the truth of what I said.
My acquaintance with Mr. Lincoln commenced
about the year 1837. He removed from the city
of Philadelphia to Madison, Indiana, wheie *1
then resided, and was practicing my profession.
Mr. Lincoln was both a wholesale and retail mer-
chant, and did a very extensive business. During
lus residence at the place last mentioned, which
was between three and four years, I generally at-
tended to his legal business. On winding up his
mercantile affairs, which I think was in 1841 or
184*3, he removed to Texas, leaving with me the
collection of a large amount of outstanding debts.
I think it was not until 1851 or 1852 that I hud a
final settlement with Mr. Lincoln, which lcsuited
in my pui chasing from him a considerable amount
of real estate, and there, being a defect in the titles,
I was kept in occasional coriespondence with him
up to J85-1 or About this time, Mr. Lin-
coln connected himself with was known us the
Texas land giant, and formed one of many of a
large company that conceived the idea of making-
a railroad to the Pacific coast. About this time
Congress had under consideration the same sub-
ject. This brought Mr. Lincoln to Washington
each session theieafter as regularly as Congress
met. It so happened that I was one of a special
committee of nine raised in the Senate on the oc-
casion to consider and report upon some plan or
route of railroad to the Pacific. This again brought
mo in communication with Mr. Lincoln. Seldom
a week passed that he did not visit me at my house.
I was always glad to see him, and whenever and
wherever we met, I recognized and tieated him
as a friend and a gentleman. I may here add
that Thomas -13. Lincoln is well and favorably
known in his native city of Philadelphia, and m
the community in which I live. Pie is known to
many of (he citizens of Washington, and \ery
well known to all those Senators and Represent-
atives who took an active part m the great enter-
prise I have mentioned. 1 never heaidau^ht al-
leged against his honesty, integiily, or loyalty
until I heard of his arrest in the city of Cincin-
nati, jn July or August last, on suspicion.—mere
svspivion—of being m complicity with the southern
rebellion. There were found in his possession,
among his papers, two letters written by me; and
if he had had his business budget with him, tjieie
would no doubt have been found hundreds of
letters from me, running back during the last
twenty-thiee or twenty-four years. Having read
one letter which was.found with Mr. Lincoln, I
now lead the other:
Wa&hinuton, June 27, 1860.
Dj.-ar Sir. T take pleasure in introducing to you an old
ami \ alued lucnd, Mr. Thomas 13 Lincoln, lie lias a ptop-
i>  m;;kf \ on connected wall a kind of machui>  h •
und-1 -Mini - \ oif«11o u.mg in the public jmpiovemout> un
dei \om control, t commend huntojouas a. reliable gen
