652
THE CONGBESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 5,
tela?*. In every sense of the word, and bespeak for him
<tour fund consideration.
Truly yours, J. D- BRIGHT,
Captain Franklin.
Mark you, this letter forms 110 part of the ac-
cusation against me. It has been certified to here
by the officer who has custody of it, for the pur-
Eose, I suppose, of showing that I had been in the
abit of corresponding with Mr. Lincoln. Iam
glad it has been done. It enables me, from the face
of different papers, penned at different periods, to
show what my relations were with Mr. Lincoln,
and my opinion of him, long before even the
thought of disunion was expressed.
The Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] in
his assault upon me, laid great stress on the cor-
diality of feeling expressed in my letter of the 1st
of March, both toward the person to whom it was
addressed and toward the person in whose behalf
it was written; and volunteered the opinion that
it sounded like the language of a courtier. I have
none other than a mere passing acquaintance with
that Senator, and his total ignorance of my char-
acter is disclosed by venturing to make such an
imputation upon it. If he knew me better, he
would have known that whatever be my defects,
this was not one of them. With more sycophan-
tic smiles, and fewer looks and tones or defiance
since this prosecution commenced, I can scarcely
doubt that I should have lessened the number of
my prosecutors, and abated the venom of their
attacks; but with entire confidence in my inno-
cence and integrity, all I ask, or have asked, is
justice.
I wish now to coll the attention of the Senate
to the similitude of language in each of these let-
ters. When the first was written, I was chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. Captain Franklin, to whom it was ad-
dressed, was in charge of the Capitol extension,
and to some extent under their direction. This
brought me in daily communication with Captain
(now General) Franklin. No doubt Mr. Lincoln
knew this, and solicited the letter, stating what
his object was. I have boon in tho almost daily
habit of giving letters of introduction to friends
and acquaintances for years past, as a matter of
course, and as I presume most members of Con-
gress have, particularly those who may be in sym-
pathy with the party in power at the time. In
the letter to Captain Franklin, I stated what Mr.
Lincoln's business was: «
<s He has n proposition to make to you connected with a
kind of machinc he understand* you arc using in the pub-
lic improvements under your control."
I further said:
" F eommemUitm to you us a reliable gentleman in every
sense of the word, and bespeak for him your kind consid-
eration. "
In writing such letters, my mind, and I presume
that of others, dwells almost entirely on the rela-
tion the person asking it bears to mo, and I have
no recollection of but a single case in which I ever
refused a letter of introduction to a friend or ac-
quaintance. 1 have given them, as of course,
where I iiad confidence in the character and stand-
ing of the applicant, and generally stated, as he
requested, his object in asking for the letter, with-
out even a thought in relation to that object.
But it is also asserted that the address of the
letter to Mr. Davis as president of the confederate
Stales is evidence of disloyalty. My answer is,
that I had neither the authority nor intention to
recognize the lawfulness of his claim to the office
he held in fact,and I .suppose I addiessed him as
a matter of couitesy by the title he claimed, and,
in doing this, did 110 more, as was well said by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Latham,] than was
repeated by Senators on tins floor, in open debate,
both before and after the date of my letter. I had
been, for many years, on terms of friendly per-
sonal and political relations with Mr. Davis, and
in common with those who knew him, had a high
opinion of his character and capacity, and, of
coitrse, felt justified by those but recently severed
relations m giving a letter of introduction to him,
without any reference to the position he claimed;
nor did I (hen, for a moment,believe that civil war
could or would be resorted'to as a remedy for the
settlement of our sectional difficulties. Nay, more,
for weeks beforehand for days, if not \^eeks, after
this letter was written, letters and documents were
transmitted by your mails, addressed to Mr. Davis
by the same title, without objection, or giving rise
to the idea that such an address was a recognition
of his lawful title to the office he claimed, or any
impeachment of the loyalty of those who directed
them, or permitted their transmission. Oneofthe
Senators from Texas, on this floor, x*epeatedly
showed documents and letters that he had directed
at his desk here to the president of the confederate
States.
Subsequent to this letter for more than a month
persons claiming to be commissioners from this
new confederacy were residing in this capital un-
molested, and in communication, whether formal
or informal is immaterial, with the Secretary of
State.
The postal, commercial, and traveling inter-
course of the people of the United States was con-
tinued as before the commencement of this revo-
lution, and yet a mere letter of introduction,written
during this state of affairs, for a friend of twenty
years'standing to another I had known almost as
long, is now perverted mitsiatention,and held to
be evidence of disloyalty.
I felt at the date of this letter, in tho language
of the President, uttered three days thereafter, and
repeated by himself and his political friends for
weeks thereafter, that there could not, must not be
war; that we were friends and not enemies; that
our unfortunate sectional difficulties would be set-
tled peacefully, but never by the power of the
sword.
But, say some of my accusers, "you must have
known, despite of all this, that war was upon us
others say, " you must have known that it was
inevitable.w To this illiberal, unjust imputation
of prophetic knowledge on my part I oppose his-
tory and facts. Cotcmporaneous with the sccnes
and incidents I have mentioned came the voice of
the people of Tennessee, declaring by a majority
of thirty thousand that she was for the Union and
Constitution and against secession; and the sound
had scarcely died upon our ears ere we heard its
reverberation from that mother of States,Virginia;
and following her example came Kentucky, Ark-
ansas, and North Carolina. With this cordon of
loyal border southern States, who believed that a
soldier would ever bo sent from north of Mason
and Dixon's line to enforce obedience to the Con-
stitution ?
Again, sir, many of the leading Republican jour-
nals of the country were open and unreserved in
their advocacy of a peaceful separation. Among
them was the New York Tribune, commencing
its advocacy of this policy as far back as Decem-
ber, 18G0. Distinguished public functional ies of
the Republican party openly avowed this policy,
and I can name thorn if my statement is denied.
As late as April 10 the present Secretary of State
in his dispatch to our minister at London said:
u The President neither looks* for nor apprehends any act-
ual dismemberment of the American Union, especially by
a line i>l' latitude." * - * * t£ The movement,
theictoic, In the opinion of tho President, tends directly to
anarchy in tho seceding States, as similar movements in
similai eiieum^tances have aheady resulted 111 Spanish
Aineucu, and e^peeially in Mexico. He believes, never-
theless, that the ein/.eiH of those Slate?, as well as the cit-
izens of the other States, are too intelligent, considerate,
and wi.se jo follow the leudns to that dis,i* tiouaend. For
these reasons he would not he disposed to reject a cauhn.il
rlogmaof then a, namely, that the Wdei.il (Jovcininent could
not reduce the seceding States to obedience by conquest,
even although he were deposed to ques-tion that propor-
tion. Hut, in fact, the President willingly ncecpt** is as true.
Only an impeiial or despotic Government could subjugate
thoioughiv disaffected and msurieetionaiy members* of the
State. This federal republican system of our'* is, of all
fonns of (jovcrnmeut, the veiy one which is most unfitted
for such a labor. Happii), however, this is only an imagin-
ary defect. The system has within itself adequate, peace-
ful, conservative, and recuperative forces. Firmness on the
pan of the Government m maintaining and preserving the
public institutions and pjopeity, and 111 executing the laws
where authonty can be exercised without waging wai,
combined with such measures ot justice, moderation, and
torheaiance as wiil disarm reasoning opposition, will he
sufficient to seeuie the public lately until returning reflec-
tion,concurring with the leai fnl expeuencc of social evils,
the inevitable fiuirs of faction, shall biing the recusant mem-
bers cheerfully back into the family, which, aftei all,must
prove then best and happiest, as it undeniably is their most
natuial home. The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides for that return by authorizing Congress, on applica-
tion to be made by a certain majority of the State?, to as-
semble a national convention, in which the oiganic law
can, if it be needful, be revised so as to remove all real ob-
stacles to a icunioiijso suitable to the habits of the people,
and so eminently conducive to the common safety and wel-
fare."
In view of all these historical facts, how can
any candid, impartial mind reach the conclusion
that on the 1st of March, 1861,1 knew there yas
war existing, or that war was inevitable? Add to
this, the timid and time-serving policy of the late
Administration, in frequent consultation with the
immediate friends and commissioners of the south-
ern organization, allowing his political friends and
the press of the country to announce and rean-
nounce, daily, that there could and would be no
war—that Fort Sumter would be evacuated and
peaceful relations established; ahd you have an-
other key to the delusion under which thousands
and hundreds of thousands of loyal Union men in
the South as well as in the North were laboring.
Up to the day that Fort Sumter fell, I believed,
with the President, that " we were friends; not
enemies." I wrote of them,and to them; I spoke
of them, and to them, as I ever had; but here, sir,1
the curtain fell; this was an act of war, and from
the date of the President's proclamation we were
enemies, not friends, in the belligerent sense of
the term. Acts which before the happening of this ,
event were legitimate and lawful, become now ille-
gal and in some instances treasonable. The ship-
ment of provisions, the sale of all kinds of muni-
tions of war, that had been publicly carried on
between the North and South, and was an every-
day occurrence up to this time, suddenly, and Dy
this act of war, and by virtue of the proclamation
of the President, became illegal'and treasonable;
and after the occurrence of these events, I should
never have felt myself at liberty to address a let-
ter of introduction to Mr. Davis.
No man disputes this; butare you going to say
that every man who engaged in trade, commerce,
or correspondence with the South prior to this
time is disloyal, and guilty of treason Are you
prepared to assert this principle of tx post facto
tyianny? If so, who can fix a limit to offenders,
and to what a farce do you reduce that principle
of eternal justice which has in all ages of the world
been the shield and protection of the citizen?
I return again to my letter, and after a short
statement, which shall be substantially a repe-
tition of what I said before the committee, will
dismiss it as far as I can from my mind.
I have not the most distant recollection of hav-
ing written either of these letters. 1 said so in my
letter of explanation to Mr. Pitch, which has been
introduced hero and criticised with such severity,
because of the bold avowal of opinions which 1
honestly entertained. I said the same to the com-
mittee, and I repeat it here to-day. So little im-
pression did this act of courtesy for a friend make
on my mind, that to this hour I cannot call to
mind when, where, or under what circumstances
the letter was written, and I may say the same of
the letter to Captain Franklin. When I saw the
letter published marked "private and confiden-
tial," I said that the language of the letter was
my style, that Lincoln was an old friend, and that
if he said I had given him such a letter it must be
so; that the words " private and confidential" I
seldom put on any letter, never in a letter of in-
troduction.' A friend soon after wrote mo that I
was correct on that point. Still, it has gone to the
world in that form, and all the prejudice that such
an addition to the letter would crcatc has attached,
and my enemies have the benefit of it, in swelling
the volume of opposition that arrays itself against
mc.
Another argument against me is that, after I
took my seat here, I said that I would do the
same thing again under the same circumstances,
and defend inhere or anywhere else. I did say so,
and I repeat it; and 1 meant by that just this, that
when I gave that letter to Mr. Lincoln, the idea
of war or of a hostile collision with any one or
more of the southern States never entered my
mind. It could not; I know it did not. If even a
gleam of such a suspicion had entered my mind,
every instinct of my nature would have deterred
me, to say nothing of those prudential consider-
ations which I trust have governed me in all the
relations of life.
I was asked by one of the honorable committee
whether I would have given such a letter after the
fall of Fort Sumter. I unhesitatingly answered:
" No, sir; I would have regarded the request 011
tho part of an intelligent man, under such circum-
stances, as au insult."
Mr. President, it is only since grave Senators
have been betrayed into dignifying this matter
with a public examination that 1 could bring my-
self to realize that any man who knew me believed
that I was faithless, in any sense of the term, to
the obligations I owe the Government of which 1
