2634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
It will be to compel the persons who are going to
avnil themselves of the advantages of it, to go into
what are now Nebraska and Dakota, and they
will lake up the lands in large quantities. There
is a great scarcity of timber there. I know some-
thing about the geography and topography of that
country. The timber is on the streams. They
will get as near those streams as possible, and
they will get the control of it as rapidly as pos-
sible, and the moment they do they virtually and
in fact shut out all the chances of people to avail
themselves of the homestead bill.
These are the objections that I have to the bill.
It is because I do rnsist that it is the interest of
this Government to build up and make strong its
Territories, and enable them to come in as States
as speedily as possible. I know that it is the in-
terest of my State that they should; and I believe
that the effect of this bill will be to cripple those
Territories; and I predict that it will be scores of
years—yes, sir, scores of years—before you will
see either one of those Territories attempting to
come in as a free State.
Mr. RICE. What will the lands be good for
to the States unless they are disposed of ?
Mr. POMEROY. I will remind the Senator
from Iowa that it is impossible to locate this scrip
in the Territories in advance of the surveys; and
in the Territories settlement always goes in ad-
vance of the surveys. The men who have this
scrip cannot locate it until the land has been sur-
veyed, but the settlers go in in advance of the
surveys.
Mr. GRIMES. That would be a very good
argument if it was true; but it is not quite true
that settlements always go in advance of the sur-
veys.
Mr. POMEROY. In the Territories.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not always the case in
Territories. Sometimes it is, and sometimes it is
not. I have lived long enough in Territories to
know that it is not true as a general rule. y;now
that it was true in regard to a portion of my State,
but in regard to three fourths of it, it was not true.
It was purchased by four different commissions
from the Indians. At the first one the settlements
were 111 advance of the surveys, but at none of the
succeeding ones. The Senator from Minnesota
inquires of me of what avail will this land be to
these persons if they locate it in the new Territo-
ries, unless they sell it. The moment they locate
it in such large quantities, they get the control of
the counties, and prevent State governments.
They will goon perhaps in that way for years, liv-
ing upon the idea, as did the Holland Land Com-
pany, and some other large land companies that
have been started in this country, thatin thecourse
of a few years, when there is a change in public
affairs, they may be able to realize large profits
out of it by bringing in foreign emigration or do-
mestic emigration. They may hold it up as
speculative stock. I know that a large company
has been formed already to go into operations of
that kind, and I know some of the members of it.
Some of the members of it are in this city now,
and some are in our eastern and northern cities,
and they are looking forward to this very con-
sequence which 1 predict is going to be the result
of the passage of this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In the outset I will
state to the distinguished Senator from Iowa, that
whenever lie desires to correct me, I will not only
give him the privilege kindly, but I will do it
courteously.
I said that I had examined this bill with agood
deal of care. I went so far as to inquire of the
Secretary of the Intcrioras to tiie amount of lands
in each State. I have made the calculation, and
I find that there will be less than five millions of
acres to be located by States that have r,o public
lands. Wisconsin has a large portion of public
lands. Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas
are known to be desirable States for the location
of this scrip. If it is true that the holders of this
scrip prefer States to Territories, four millions of
this scrip will be located in those four States.
That leaves to Nebraska, that has to-day over
twelve millions of acres of surveyed lands not
claimed, and to Dakota and all the Territories a
little over one million of acres of land to be located
within their borders. As I said to the Senate the
other day,a million acres is thiee times as much
as the proportion of Kansas. So far, then, from
this bill,although I intend to vote against it, being
burdensome to the Territories, it is to he burden-
some to the States wherein a million acres of the
scrip is to be located, and all the Territories will
not have two millions located within other Terri-
tories.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlisle, Chandler,
Ciark, Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Kennedy, King, La-
tham, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Rice, Sim-
mons, Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Doolittle, Grimes, Howe, Lane of Kan-
sas, Saulsbury, Wilkinson, and Wright—7.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. ETHERiDGE,its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 515) to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Indian agent in Colorado Terri-
tory.
A bill (H. R. No. 516) to provide for the ap-
pointment of Indian agents in New Mexico.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 302) to pro-
tect the property oflndians who have adopted the
habits of civilized life, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
APPROPRIATION FOR VOLUNTEERS' BOUNTY.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House (No. 413) making appropriations
for the payment of the bounty authorized by the
sixth section of an act entitled " An act to author-
ize the employment of volunteers to aid in enfor-
cing the laws and protecting public property,"
approved July 22, 1861, and for other purposes,
insisted on by the Senate, agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. J. S. Morrill of Vermont, Mr. Thomas M.
Edwards of New Hampshire, and Mr. Moses P.
Odell of New York, managers at the same on
its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 265) to incorporate the Mount
Olivet Cemetery Company in the District of Co-
lumbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 195) for the reciprocal extin-
guishment of certain claims between the United
States and the representatives of Robert Brent,
deceased.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 5th instant,an act (H. R. No. 281) supple-
mental to " An actgranting the right of way to the
State of Missouri, and a portion of the public
lands to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State," approved June 10, 1852.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 423) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, re-
ported it with amendments.
SUPPRESSION OF TIIE SLAVE TRADE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy of the treaty between
the United States and her Britannic Majesty, for
the suppression of the African slave trade, and
correspondence between Mr. Seward and Lord
Lyons in relation to it; which was, on motion of
Mr. Sumneii, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
PROPOSED STATE OF DESERET.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has re-
ceived a memoual of citizens of the Territory of
Utah, by their delegates in convention assembled,
praying admission into the Federal Union as a
free and sovereign State, under the name and style
of the State of Deseret.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that those papers be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I also move that the two gen-
tlemen who are here claiming seats in this body,
as Senators from that State, in the event of its ad-
mission, be allowed the courtesy of the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to that.
Mr. LATHAM. I believe it is customary, when
a Territory is asking for admission as a State, to
extend this courtesy to those whom she sends
here, and I see no reason why it should be denied
in this case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can be considered at
another time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Why objeetnow? There
should be no argument about it.
Mr. LATHAM. I make the motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the pa-
pers be referred to the Committee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is, that the motion submitted by the
Senator from California is in the nature of a reso-
lution, and that if objected to, it must lie overun-
til to-morrow.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to ask if theSen-
ator from Maine objects.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did object very dis-
tinctly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair heard
several objections.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I objected to its consid-
eration now. That is all. I do not know yet
whether or not I shall object to the proposition
itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not the motion to refer
in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
hear such a motion made.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the papers
be referred to the Committee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in
order.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Foieign Relations be
in&Uucted to inquiie wliethei any additional legislation is
necessary to the proper control of the contingent expenses
of the State Department.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded to
consider the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say simply a
word before the question is put. My attention
has been called to this subject by a document
which has been laid on our tables from the House
of Representatives. I see in that document items
of this kind: here is an allowance to A. Dudley
Mann for diplomatic services in Switzerland from
December 1, 1860, to November 30,1861, $4,500;
here is one to William L. Cazeneau, as a special
agent, $5,200, and in another place $1,799, mak-
ing $7,000 for one special agency; here is an al-
lowance to Oscar Irving, dispatch agent at New
York, of $1,183 dollars at one place and $1,510 at
another; here is an allowance to William Preston,
minister to Spain, for extraordinary expenses in
following the queen to Arragon, $4,400 15. All
these things may be right; 1 do not know; but I
wish to call the attention of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to them. They look bad on
their face. I ought to say, as is suggested, that
they occurred under the previous Administration,
not under the present.
The resolution was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL CIVIL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to finish a little
appropriation bill that was laid over some weeks
ago for a few additional amendments. Some gen-
tlemen for whom it provides have been waiting
for their money very patiently, and 1 think they
ought to have it. 1 move to take up House bill
No. 393.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H.R. No. 393)
making further appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 18G3. and additional appropriationsfor
the year ending 30th June, 1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to move one or
two amendments. I wish that the provisions on
page 3, extending from line twenty-four to line
