1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Bebel Property—Mr. Mallory.
Ho. of Reps.
Suppose that those charged with the execution of
this act, those who conduct these proceedings in
rem, should decide that slaves are property, they
will be obliged, if they deem the law constitutional,
to order their sale as they do that of other prop-
erty. But if they concur in the opinion of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, that
there can be no property in man; that a slave is a
person, not a chattel; that he is not one in whom
property can bo held, then how will it be ? If he
be not property, he is a person responsible for his
actions to his God, his country, and the law. He
can commit the crime of treason as much as any
other individual can commit it. If he has been
employed by the rebels; if he has been made to
aid rebellion; to further its objects or purposes
in any way that may be called levying war against
the United States, ors;iving aid and comfort to the
enemy, then he is guilty of the crime of treason
against the United States, and can be arraigned,
tried, convicted and executed for it. This view of
the case cannot be met by the assertion that he
acted under duress, that he was obliged to obey
his master, and that by the laws of Alabama or any
other southern State, if his master ordered him to
commit a treasonable act, he could not lefuse obe-
dience. He is prevented from setting up that de-
fense, because a minor, who is supposed by law
to be under the influence and control of his par-
ents and guardian, as the slave is under the control
and influence of his master, can commit the crime
of treason, and may be punished for it.
This view of the subject, Mr. Speaker, may not
cause the gentleman from Massachusetts to have
much objection to this bill, and may not enlist
against it many ultra gentlemen on that side of
the House. I know that this slavery question em-
barrasses them very much at this time; and per-
haps when my friend finds that he can, by a pro-
ceeding in rem or in any other way, have these
slaves tried, convicted, and executed for treason,
he might consider that the most expeditious way
of getting rid of slavery in the southern States.
but, Mr. Speaker, 1 do not suppose that the
gentleman Massachusetts contemplates any-
thing of that sort. I believe, however, that there
are a large number of gentlemen on that side of
the House who advocate bills for the confiscation
of f!ie property of rebels, not because they want
to replenish the Treasury of the United States,
not because they want to punish those engaged in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States, not because of any enormous conception
they have been induced to entertain of the crime
of treason and of the propriety of punishing it,
but they have been induced to advocate these bills
for the confiscation of the estates of rebels of the
South in order to get rid of the institution of sla-
very. 'I know that is their object. They have
acknowledged it to me in conversation. They
have said to me repeatedly that were it not for
the fact that they regarded this as a potentagency
for emancipation,they would opposeconfiscation.
That is their avowed and only purpose. And in
view of that fact, I want for a few moments to call
the attention of those gentlemen to what they
have said and pledged upon this subject. I ask
them if they have not, in the Congress of the
United States, pledged themselves to the belief that
neither Congress nor the free States have any*
power over the institution of slavery in the States
where it exists by law ?
It is not necessary for me to go back to the
various acts and resolutions that corroborate this
assertion of mine. I allude to the fact, intending
to insert in my printed remarks the resolution
offered by the distinguished gentleman from Ohio,
now a Senator of the United States, in the last
Congress—I mean Mr. John Sherman. And I
will add that no speech was made "during that
Congress, no resolution was offered upon the sub-
ject of slavery at all, that did not reiterate and de-
clare that neither Congress nor the free States of
this Union had any light, either directly or indi-
rectly, to interfere with slavery where it exists by
law. And'I tell you that, when I went home from
the Congress of the United States, and engaged in
that arduous struggle in which 1 went upon the
stump for the Union and the Constitution, and
against the rebellion in the southern States, there
was no argument that I used in that canvass with
more effect than the solemn pledge repeatedly
made by members of the Republican party on the
floor of this House that in no instance would
they be induced, either through the agency of
Congress or any other agency, to interfere with
slavery in the States where it existed.
The people of my State had been taught by
demagogues, by advocates of the rebellion there,
to believe that the northern States were the sworn
enemies of their rights and their institutions. I
had been with you, I hfld mingled with you freely
in social intercourse, and here in this Hall, and
had everywhere received the assurance and was
led to believe that in no instance would you be
guilty of such interference. I assured the people
of Kentucky of that fact. I assured them that
they and their institutions and their rights were
as sacred and as secure under the domination of
the Republican party as they had ever been. I
told the people of Kentucky, as I was told by you
in this House, in every speech made by Repub-
licans upon this floor, and by every vote given
by them, that all they intended to do upon the
subject of slavery was to restrict it to where it
existed, to prevent its further extension into the
Territories of the United States, and that their
intention in this respect was a matter of no mo-
ment to the people of the southern States. I told
them there was no Territory into which slaveiy
could go if the unlimited right were extended to
go into any and every Territory in the possession
of the United States. 1 told them that the Wilmot
proviso had been enacted by God Almighty over
all these Territories by connecting with them a
climate and soil such as to prohibit slavery as
effectually as any enactment of Congress could do.
I said to them that you were willing even not to
go to the extent of inhibiting slaveiy by congres-
sional enactment in any future Tcrritoiy; and
when* you, Mr. Speaker, in the last Congress,
broughtforward bills for the organization of every
foot of territory owned by the people of the United
States, you sedulously ignored the Wilmot pro-
viso in those bills, and you did it for a nurposu.
You did it that it might stand a pledge to the South
that you would not m any way interfere with the
institution of slavery.
Well,sii, what will my people think at this time
of your conduct in the face of all those solemn
promises and pledges? I ask you that question
m no spirit of passion; I ask the question, God
knows, with profound humiliation and sorrow. I
ask you, were you in the place of our people, how
you would regard the legislation of the present
Congress, how you would regard these confisca-
tion bills,hi the light of the most solemn pledges,
protestations, and promises made in every speech
and in every resolution of the last Congi ess? Ilave
you kept your sworn faith? Have you observed
your solemn pledges and promises ? I am not here
to utter words of crimination ol* reflection. I am
here to ask from my place upon this floor the sim-
ple question, if you were in our place, in the place
of our people, and we in yours, would you regard
us as having carried out the solemn pledges we
had made?
I know the gentleman from Ohio over the way
[Mr. Bingham] will take this view of the ques-
tion. The gentleman was, perhaps, the only one
on that side of the House who, in view of the
great events that, in his mind, were speedily to
be accomplished, stood out against the resolu-
tion of John Sherman, and pointed out to those
men who advocated and passed it what would bo
the consequence of its passage. I do not think
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio voted for
the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to make this remark? I thought that resolu-
tion was unfair to ourselves and unfair to the peo-
ple of the South. I refused to vote for the reso-
lution as it was introduced and passed on motion
of the gentleman from New York, (Mr. Palmer.)
I rose In my place to record my vote against it,
but my col league from the Mansfield district asked
nie to withhold my vote, saying that we would
reconsider the resolution and pass another in its
place which would not be objectionable. My col-
league did introduce a substitute for the resolu-
tion, which was passed. When he introduced it,
I asked him,as amatter of fairness, that I should
be permitted to submit an amendment, to insert
these four words: " in time of peace," but he re-
fused, and the resolution was passed under the
previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir; and no othergen-
tleman in the whole Republican party in the House
took the same view as my distinguished friend
from Ohio. That is precisely as 1 want the fact
to go upon record. There was no othergentleman
upon the floor of this House to support the gen-
tleman from Ohio in the qualification that the dec-
laration was only intended to be binding in time
of peace. He asked them to except times of war,
and they refused to do it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. And that vote was
taken, I think, on the 9th day of February, when
seven States had already seceded from the Union.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 was aware of that fact,
and I am obliged to my colleague for stating it.
There was then not war, not actual war, but there
was a state of hostilities, and theic should have
been war. If I had been President of the United
States I would have used all the power of the Gov-
ernment to have crushed out this wicked rebel-
lion. In my judgment, nothingless than treason
in the Administration prevented the existenccjat
that time, of an actual state of war. I am not
sure, upon reflection, but war had actually com-
menced—I think the Star of the West had been
fired on prior to that time by the rebels in Charles-
ton harbor, and that was an act of war.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard it charged over and
over again upon the other side of the Hall that
slavery is the cause of this war. To this charge
I beg here to enter my most solemn protest and
denial. Slavery per se is not the cause of this war.
I admit that this war has been brought on by the
use made of the institution of slavery both at the
South and at the North. I admit that this insti-
tution of slavery, this rightof pioperty in slaves,
has been seized by fanatics and madmen, by
scoundrels and villains, both in the North and in
the South, for the destruction of this Government.
Sir, if it is true that the use made of the insti-
tution of slavery brought on this war, is that any
reason why it should be exterminated ? If it be,
is it not equally logical to argue that anything else
l\u\i might have been the cause of this war—any-
thing which, fiom the litstoi y of our country, we
are forced to the conclusion could have been easily
made the cause of rebellion or war—ought also
to be abolished and exterminated > Do not you
know that in 1832 South Carolina was upon the
eve of occupying the position she occupies now—
a position of rebellion against the Government of
the United States—because of your tariff laws,
and your restrictions upon free trade ? Why not,
then, abolish the tariff system, and declare by
sob-mii enactment that free trade shall be the
permanent policy of this Government, because a
tariff may be made the cause of a rebellion? In
view of the fact that the State of the distinguished
gentleman before me [Mr. Thomas, of Massachu-
setts,] was once on the eve of a rebellion against
the Government of the United States, and did take
some steps in that direction, because restrictions
were laid upon commerce, why not say that com-
meice, because it maybe the cause of a rebellion,
shall be abolished? Why not say, because we
intend that the country shall bo safe m the future,
because we intend that nothing shall be left which
can possibly be used hereafter to incite rebellion
and treason, therefore we will abolish commeice.
Is not that argument as logical and as legiti-
mate as that you must abolish slavery because
slavery may be the cause of war ? [Ayoice. The
whisky rebellion.] My fucml say,s,the whisky
rebellion. Yes, sir, whisky has been the cause
of a rebellion, yet did you ever hear the enemies
of that agent ot mischief, as it is called by many,
propose its destruction for that cause? I have
never seen that that was assigned as a reason for
its annihilation by'the advocates of the " Maine
law." I would not lay violent hands on whisky
without constitutional warrant. I would say to the
gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Lansing,] and
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
who have enlarged upon this subject, that even
religion has caused more wars and turmoils than
any one other subject, and, according to their the-
ory, wo ought, by solemn enactment, to abolish
the Christian leligion.
Now, lam no propagandist of slavery, 1 am
the owner of slaves, and the descendant of men
