1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
form a part; but I am 110 longer left to conjecture
on this point; I am bound to believe, from what
I see passing around me, that there are those who
think I am less loyal than themselves; and while
I laugh to scorn such an absurdity, I shall not,
under the present frenzied state of excitement,
attempt lo wrestle with or alter those opinions,
or influence their votes; nor will any conclusion
that may be reached here or elsewhere alter my
opinion of myself, or change the quo animo of my
heart as coupled with this transaction. God and
myself know that, and not suspicious, fallible
man.
I have already devoted more time to this letter
than it merited at my hands, for no one who has
observed the direction this debate has taken be-
lieves that the letter forms any part of the reason
for my expulsion. I wish now to call the atten-
tion of the country to the various phases this case
has assumed in its progress.
The resolution for my expulsion was based
solely on the letter. Both were referred to the
Judiciary Committee; and after hearing the facts,
six out of seven members reported against the
passage of the resolution; whereupon the mover
of it asked to have it made a special order; and
then commenced party drill, prepared speeches,
and a general plan of attack on my fitness and
qualifications to sit in a legislative council with
such patriarchs in their country's service as the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] and
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark;]
even the nerves of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] and the not less dis-
tinguished Senator from Tennessee [Mr. John-
son] are affected by my presence here. I am not
loyal enough for either of them. Oh, 1 must have
degenerated in the last ten years! In 1850,1 was
elected by a vote of the Senate as one of the com-
mittee of thirteen, of which the patriot and states-
man, Henry Clay, of Kentucky, was chairman,
and having as part of its members Webster, Cal-
houn, Cass, Clayton, Berrien, and others, and I
contributed my humble efforts (very humble, I
admit, when compared with theirs) to effect a gen-
eral adjustment of all sectional issues then exciting
the country. I voted for all the compromise meas-
ures embraced in the report of Mr. Clay, and
against the honorable Senator's odious proviso,
as I have against all sectional issues, whether they
came from the North or the South, ever since I
entered this body. I voted on every call of the
roll where I was present last session for the peace
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] and I used whatever of influence I
had with southern Senators, all to do the same
thing. Though representing a free State, I have
never given a vote that can be called sectional, to
the best of my knowledge. I have named these
two measures as affording some evidence that 1
would rather have peace than war, and hoping it
may have a soothing influence on the excited state
of mind the Senator from Pennsylvania is labor-
ing under.
The Senator from Tennessee has criticised with
great severity a letter I wrote to one of the best
and truest friends any man ever had, (Mr. Jona-
than Pitch,) in which I represent myself as stand-
ing on the subject of coercion just where the Pres-
ident stood in his inaugural address, where the
Secretary of State stood on the 10th of April last,
and where 1 understand other Senators and mem-
bers now stand. It may be very wrong, but as I
am thirty years of age, the Constitution supposes
that I am capable of thinking, voting, and speak-
ing for myself; and I am quite sure my constitu-
ency would think much less of me than they do
if they supposed that any man or party could
force me into the formation or expression of opin-
ions or a line of political action inconsistent with j
the time-honored creed of the great Democratic
party, to which I have ever belonged, and whose I
principles and policy can alone, in my judgment,
restore this country to its former proportions, and
make us once more a united people—a result that
I would make any sacrifice on earth to effect. The
honorable Senator from Tennessee must allow me
to take counsel of my constituency as to what
they consider my duty on all these questions. i
Mr. President, my own relf-respect and the re- :
sped I entertain for the admitted constitutional
right that every representative enjoys under our !
form of Government, of forming and expressing
his opinions in a decent and becoming manner,
forbids me from entering upon a defense of the
opinions I have, during a service of seventeen
years, announced and voted in this body. The
only tribunal on earth that has a right to arraign
and try me on these issues is the people who sent
me here; and if, under the excitement and preju-
dice of the hour, it is the pleasure of those who
have got the power to use it, I shall appear again
before that tribunal and ask a full, fair, and im-
partial hearing, and, judging the future by the
past, I have no fear of the result. All I ask of each
and every one of my constituents is the charity of
of their silence until the time comes that 1 can meet
them face to face.
From the hour this war actually commenced,
I have had in view in every act of my life, public
and private, one single object—the reunion of
these States. I have not to this hour, with all the
clouds that hang upon us, despaired entirely of
this result; and there is no sacrifice that one man
could make that I would not make to effect so
desirable an object. I may differ with others, not
less honest than myself, as to the means to effect
this object, but I trust I am none the less honest
in my purpose, or devoted to a form of Govern-
ment that, up to the commencement of our pres-
ent troubles, had conferred more of the blessings
of civil and constitutional liberty, regulated by
law, than any Government known to history.
Every impulse of my heart, every tie that binds
me to earth is interwoven with the form of Gov-
ernment under which I am living, and to which I
acknowledge my allegiance. 1 will yield to no
man living in my attachment to it. Few men of
my years have enjoyed more of its glorious ad-
vantages; none feel more grateful for them; and
though I have been assailed in the fury of party
spirit, my character unjustly aspersed, and my
loyalty and devotion questioned, this shall not
alienate me from the faith of my fathers, or lessen
the obligations I feel to devote the humble ener-
gies of my life to the support of the Government
of which I form a part, and which I would not
exchange for any other on earth.
This may be the only opportunity I shall have
of expressing my gratitude to the members of the
Judiciary Committee who have, from that innate
sense of justice that always governs a just judge,
stood by their report, and rising above the"storm
of passion that seems to cohtrol the hour, reso-
lutely maintained the total absence of all guilt on
my part. They have done me justice; and if my
antecedents as a private citizen and public servant
have not proved a shield against criticism, and
are not a sufficient guarantee, I give to them the
pledge of an'honest heart that my future life,
wherever fortune may place me, shall leave them
no cause to regret this act of justice.
I am not informed as to the opinions of Sena-
tors on this question, except as they have declared
them in debate or volunteered to make them
known. I have approached no Senator to know
his views, or sought to influence his vote except
in debate. I have had no outside friends solicit-
ing the aid of the public press with which to man-
ufacture public opinion in my favor. Conscious
of the purity of my intentions and purposes in
all that relates to the interests of the Government
to which alone I owe allegiance, I had a right to
suppose that my peers would rise above the be-
hests of party, and look upon this transaction in
its true light; but. this is a matter that I have not
attempted to control. If the Senate has been polled,
as I see it stated in some of the papers it has, and
it is a foregone conclusion that go I must, I say
to my friends and to my enemies I will lose no time
in putting myself on trial again before a tribunal
whose judgment I have ever found just, and who
I am sure will give me all the benefits resulting
from an acquaintance of forty years' standing,
coupled with a seivice that entitles them to judge
whether I am n loyal or disloyal citizen; whether
I have been a faithful or unfaithful representative
of their rights m the many and varied duties they
have intrusted to me to perform.
I will go with my record made in this Hall m
one hand, and the record of those whose voice
sends me from it in the other, and I will submit to
them the question of right or wrong in this case.
I will go with the platform of principles iatd down
by the party that I have acted with through lite,
and which I referred to yesterday, and in the name
of those principles, and m the name of the Con-
stitution that I have ever tried to support in letter !
and in spirit, and I will ask a fair and impartial
hearing. This, and this only, is the tribunal with
whose judgment I will be content.
I have now said all I intended or should have
said, but for some remarks made yesterday by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Willey.]
His bearing and manner toward mo was in such
strikingcontrast with that of the Senatorfrom Ten-
nessee, who is so similarly situated and affected
in his political and personal relations by this un-
natural war, that I could but remark it. The
former with a fairness and candor that sunk deep
into my heart, did me thejusticetosay that he had
seen nothing in my past life that rendered me ob-
noxious to the charge of contributing in the least
degree to the deplorable condition of affairs now
upon us. If the honorable Senator from Virginia
had known my course here as some others know
it, he would have done me justice in adding that
the blood of no one man attaches to my skirts in
this strife. I have had but one countersign since
I have been on duty here, and that has been—
peace; war never—never—for any real or imagin-
ary grievance.
But how different wafe the tone and manner of
the Senator from Tennessee. Causes of complaint
I know he has; and I sympathize with him m his
afflictions, and would that I had the power to lift
the load of sorrow that is bowing him and thou-
sands and tens of thousands of others to the earth.
Point me to the road that leads to peace, the res-
toration of the Union, making us one Govern-
ment, with one flag, not a star effaced, and I will
travel it with you as long as there is a gleam of
light to guide me on such a path; and, forgetting
and forgiving, I would even consent to take as a
traveling companion, with all his heresies, the
Senator from Massachusetts. Sir, the Senatorfrom
Tennessee has done me great injustice. Smarting
under the blows inflicted by the conduct of those
he called "a close corporation" when here, he
points to my personal and party associations with
them—forgetting, at the same time, his own—and
undertakes to hold me responsible for all that was
said and done then, and has happened since. His-
tory, facts, living witnesses, repel these unfounded,
absurd accusations. *
The honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Kennedy,] moved by a sense of justice and love
of truth, vindicates history in his late speech on
some of these points. I-Ie well recollects the ap-
peals made by himself, myself, and other Sena-
tors, (some of whom are still here,) to southern
Senators to remain, give to the incoming Admin-
istration a fair trial, and seek a remedy for all
wrongs inside, not outside of the Union. If, sir,
I had been privy to any such purposes as have
since resulted in forcible resistance to the Govern-
ment of the United States, why did I join with the
honorable Senator from Maryland and others in
remonstiatingagainst thissuicidat step ? The Sen-
ator from Tennesseecannot believe, he knows, that
I had no part or lot in any movement having for
its object the disruption of these States. I have
been as open in my opposition to secession as any
man living.
The honorable Senator from Virginia, in the
remarks 1 have alluded to, made yesterday, asked
me to explain the concluding paragraph, in a let-
ter I wrote Mr. Fitch in September last. In doing
so I must preface what I have to say with the
single remark that I deem it due both to him and
myself, if he thinks my position an equivocal one,
to answer; but I beg it will not be construed as
an effort on my part to influence the vote of the
honorable Senator. As much gratification as it
would afford me to have the weight of his name
as a Senator and a distinguished member of his
profession, I cannot consent to be placed in the
position of seeking votes by any change or modi-
fication of my opinions for the time being, and I
know that the honorable Senator would not have
me do it. I said on a former occasion, that as far
as principles are concerned, my opinions are fixed.
In the execution of details connected with the ad-
ministration of general governmental affairs, I
have always endeavored to conform my action to
the policy of those in charge of the Government;
and when 1 could not do so, 1 never made fac-
tious opposition. So, under this Administration,
when I differed, I have said so in a becoming man-
ner, I trust, and left those who have the power
to assume the responsibility of exercising it.
I have ever been opposed to the principle of coer-
