1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
for me to say that up to this time I have heard of
nothing; imputing1 anything against the character
of either of these gentlemen, and as the committee
knew of nothing of the kind, they proposed to
reconstruct and to make use, as far as they possi-
bly could, of the old organization to accomplish
new results. But, sir, if it shall be found upon
experiment that these judges are not worthy of
the confidence of the nation, then the judges may
be removed and new ones appointed, i should
myself prefer that a clause should be inserted in
the bill, as an amendment, to the effect that these
judges shall be removable at the pleasure of the
Executive. I see no reason at present why that
should not be made a part of the law, and I there-
fore now formally offer that amendment, if it is
in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Cox in the
chair.) It is not in order now to offer an amend-
ment to the substitute. The gentleman can offer
an amendment to the original bill, however.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is there an amendment to
the amendment already pending?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is—the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger.]
Mr. HICKMAN, You and I, Mr. Speaker,
have had experience enough here to know that
private claims are carried through this House and
allowed, not so much upon the intrinsic merits of
these claims, as upon the fact that the claimants
have made large friendships in the House. It is
impossible, m the nature of things, that upon the
Private Calendar being called here, and the bills
upon it subjected to a vote, the members of this
House should know the merits of the different
claims which are presented on that Calendar. The
most that we can know is what the reports of
the different committees present as the claims of
the different parties. It cannot be made more
defensive to the Government, I apprehend, under
the present system, than it has been made; but
when you come before a couit where time is not
so important as it is here, the judges can determ-
ine the merits of the different claims presented.
This is my first objection to the present system
and my reason for recommending a change.
In the next place, if the Government shall be
indebted justly to a citizen $5,000, and that citi-
zen shall be just as honestly indebted to the Gov-
ernment $JU,000, the citizen may present his
claim to the Court of Claims under the present
system, have it recommended to Congress, have
it enacted intoa law,and the money appiopriated,
and he receive it, and yet no means can be re-
sorted to by the Government to set off its claim
against him.
Sir, this bill provides for set-off, such as is gen-
erally resorted to in the States, and although my
colleague on the committee from New Yoik [Mr.
Djven] seems to make this a matter of objection
to the bill, it is, to my mind, one of its highest rec-
ommendations. I know no reason, Mr. Speaker,
and I doubt very much whether one can be urged
with propriety, why I shall be compelled to pay
to my neighbor twenty dollars, when my neigh-
bor really owes me forty dollars on another ac-
count. I know no reason, m other words, why
these claims between us should not be properly
adjudicated and settled, and if he shall be found
to be indebted to me upon a hearing, why he shall
not pay to me that which he justly owes to me.
Now, sir, this is a wrong under the old system.
This bill provides against it. It is very much
guatded, I think, in its provision, that where an
individual is indebted to the Government, though
that individual may have presented his claim
against the Government to the court, the court
shall adjudicate the case fully, shall ascertain and
determine a set-off, and then, if the balance shall
be determined against the individual, it shall be
certified, so to speak, and the Government may
procced to collect it. Instead of this being an
objection to the bill, it is, to my mind, a recom-
mendation in its favor.
Mr. SIIELLAEARGER. I wish to make an
inquiry of the learned chairman of the Judiciary
Committee. I understand him to take the ground—
and I suppose if is the true one—that this is in-
tended to be a court within the meaning of the
Constitution. If that be so, then I wishtomakean
inquiry in relation to a point to which he has just
alluded,and which is an important one, and which
he proposes to bring before the House in the shape
of an amendment. My inquiry is whether it is
competent to provide that the judges of any court
shall be removable at the pleasure of the Exec-
utive—whether their tenure is not during good
behavior?
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, sir, the objection
which lias been raised by the gentleman from Ohio
proves conclusively that the present is no court.
The suggestion which he has made proves that
conclusively; and if the amendment which I have
suggested is objectionable—and it may be so; it
occurred to me on the spur of the moment—of
course I do not insist upon it. It strikes me that
it may be objectionable.
Mr. Speaker, it -will occur, I think, to every
member of the House, that the court which we
propose to constitute—for it is really a new organ-
ization, although we make use, as far as we can,
of the old material—is much better and much
safer than that which we now have. It is better,
first, because it relieves Congress of the determin-
ation of these questions which it cannot rightly,
or properly, or knowingly determine. It is better
because it puts an end to the proceeding, unless
the party who feels himself aggrieved shall deem
it necessary to take an appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States. It gives to all claims
against this Government judicial determination.
They are not made to depend upon the whim, or
caprice, or friendship, or jgnoranceofmembersof
this House, as they are now. There is no gen-
tleman here, not a single member of this House,
who would be willing to say that the votes that he
has cast affecting bills upon the Private Calendar
have been cast knowingly and as he would have
determined the questions if he had been a judge
sitting in a court. As I have already said, it is im-
possible, in the nature of things, that he should be
made acquainted with the particularmorits of each
individual case as it is called up. Friday comes;
the Private Calendar is taken up. One bill after
another is called up. Some gentleman asks for
the reading of the report, and upon that report of
a committee of this House lie casts his vote, if he
has no knowledge outside of that report, and so
the question is determined. Why, Mr. Speaker,
there is hardly a case so bad that it may not be
carried in a court of law if the court only hears
one side of the case: and it is very seldom that a
committee of this House hears both sides of any
claim. Now let me say, in answer to all the ob-
jections made against the bill, that this is a court
legally constituted. It calls before it both parties
to the suit, the party claimant and the party de-
fendant. li hears the claim on the one side and
the set-off on the other, and determines, after a
full, fair, and impartial hearing, whether there is
money due to the individual claimant or to the
nation, and as it determines, so the judgment goes
and (he money is recovered.
I do not see that I ought to say anything more.
What I have said is, I think, conclusive of the
merits of the bill. If you have a fair, honest, tri-
bunal, it is reasonable to believe that you will have
a fair and honest determination of causes. I now
move the previous question.
Mr. DIVEN. Is it in order to move to recom-
mit the bill with instructions?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. DIVEN". Then I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded, so that I may make such
a motion.
Mr. PENDLETON. I should like the gentle-
man who moved the previous question to withdraw
it for a moment.
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw the previous
question for my colleague on the committee, if he
will renew the call, and maintain it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will renew it if the gen-
tleman requires that as a condition.
Mr. HICKMAN. And I ask that the previous
question shaU be insisted upon.
Mr. PENDLETON. I send up an amendment
which I propose to come in at the end of the eighth
section.
The SPEAKERp'o tempore. No furtheramend-
ment is in order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I offer it as a separate
section.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Jlvd-proiidcd further, That after the session of Congress
next, alter the rendition of any judgment, execution may I
l^sue from .=-aid court for the collection of such judgment, I
mid be levied on all the property, real and persona], of the
United States, except only die money in tbe Tieas>ury.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am in favor of this bill;
I shall vote for it; my only objection to it is that
it does not go far enough. If my amendmentshall
be at any time in order, I shall offer and press it.
I think it necessary to perfect the bill. It carries
out fairly and properly to their logical conclusions
the premises upon which the bill is grounded. I
am in favor of requiring the Government of the
United States to do justice to its citizens. I am
in favor of bringing it into court—a court such as
we would be willing to intrust with the adminis-
tration of justice between individual citizens—and
compelling it to abide by the judgment of that
court; and if it docs not do so, I am in favor of levy-
ing on the property of the United States, whether
real or personal, in order to satisfy the demand of
the citizens thus ascertained to be just.
My colleague on the committee [Mr. Diven] has
told us to-day that, in theory, the Government is
always willing to do justice to the citizen, that it
is always willing to do that which equity and jus-
tice requires it to do. Now, sir, that is very good
in theory, but it is very bad in practice; and when
that gentleman has had experience in examining
the claims brought against this Government year
after year—even the experience that I have had in
the short time that I have had the honor of being
a member of this House—he will find that there
are innumerable clajms on the Calendar which
have been examined and reexamined session after
session. Some of them have been reported upon
favorably very many times, and others have been
rejected an equal number of times. They are
claims, too, not based on an appeal to the discre-
tion of Congress, but based on rules of law and
equity which ought—so the claimants say—to con-
trol the decision, and which would do so, if it were
a question between private individuals. Now, this
is all wrong. If these claims have merit in them
they ought to be paid, and paid immediately. If
they have not, the ears of Congress ought not to
be vexed every session by the appeals of the
claimants.
Why should not a Government be subject to
the decisions of a tribunal on questions of law, to
whose judgment the rights of all citizens under
that Government are subjected? What is there
about a Government that should protect it from
the decision of the ordinary tribunals of justice in
the country ? Time was when it was said that the
king could do no wrong; and this claim, that the
Government is always ready to do justice, is an
off-shoot of that doctrine. 1 think that it has just
as little foundation. If the Government of the
United States owes a debt to a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, why should that citizen be forced to
come to Congress year after year, and spend his
time and his money in besieging individual mem-
bers, in order to show to them the justice of his
claim, depending, in the end, even in the justest
case, not upon its merits, but upon their patience
to hear him fully, and their impartiality to judge
fairly. What is the Government? It is consti-
tuted as this Congress is constituted. It is com-
posed of men nota whit more intelligent, or more
laborious, or more painstaking, or more dis-
posed to do justice than ourselves. And does
any gentleman who has had the honor to sit here
pretend to say that he himself can undertake
justly, honestly, and fairly to administer the law
between every applicant for justice and the Gov-
ernment? WiU any gentleman say that on the
Private Calendar, which has not been called dur-
ing this session, which has not occupied one
hour's tune of this Congress, he has himself in-
vestigated the cases, and understands them so
thoroughly that he couid do justice or anything
like justice in his vote on them ? We have sat here
four or five months. The claims on the Calendar
—I do not know how many, certainly a very large
number—have never been called. The chances
are that two days of this session will not be ap-
propriated to the call of this Calendar. Claimants
whose claims are just and honest, and who could
get a favorable decision just as soon as they can
getany decision atall, have been waiting here dur-
ing this session, and I know not how many ses-
sions before, in order to get the ear of Congress
and to get that justice from the Government which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dives] as-
sumes to be always ready to do justice to its citi-
zens. Does any gentleman pretend to say that
