1676
THE CONGKESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
April 15,
is just? Is it honest to the citizen ? Why, it is
a course of conduct which would disgrace any
individual in the eyes of the community in which
he lives.
I am in favor of remedying all this evil. Iam in
favor of establishing a tribunal, putting upon it
every guard that experience has suggested in order
to secure the Government, throwing around the
Government every shield to which it is fairly enti-
tled, and then compelling the Government, when
the decision of that tribunal shall be rendered, to
pay respect to it, as every private citizen has to
do. I am therefore in favor, if the Congress next
after the judgment shall be rendered do not make
an appropriation to pay the amount, of authoriz-
ing the claimant to levy upon the property of the
United States. I would have the post offices, the
custom-houses, and the court-houses levied upon
and sold to satisfy the judgment. I would sell here
in the city of Washington those vacant squares
fronting on the avenues. I would sell these desks
and tables and chairs, if necessary, before 1 would
see a man, whose claim was decided to be justand
right and fair, forced to be an humble suppliant
for justice at the hands of Congress. Either make
this thing complete, or do away with it altogether.
Either give the citizen relief, or abandon the pre-
tense tnat you mean to give him relief. Either
allow him, through the administration of the or-
dinary instruments by which justice is adminis-
tered between him and his fellow-men, to obtain
his measure of justice from'the Government, or
else let him understand that he depends upon the
grace and favor of members of Congress for relief.
I have not heard any objection to the details of
this bill. I think itis a very great stepin advance
of the system that we have heretofore adopted.
I intend to vote for it; but I should vote font with
infinitely more pleasure and satisfaction if the
amendment 1 have indicated shall be received and
adopted.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire my colleague to
permit me to make this suggestion—that there are
two guards against any practical injustice being
done by this court: first, that Congress may re-
peal the law organizing the court; and second, that
Congress may refuse to make an appropriation of
money which the court may determine may be
due. Congress, therefore, still holds in its own
hands the power of preventing the success of any
attempt upon the part of the court to do injustice
to the Government.
Mr. PENDLETON. Those are two sugges-
tions which are well worthy the attention of gen-
tlemen; but, for my own part, I do not care to
consider them. I am willing to intrust those
judges with the rights and interests of the Govern-
ment to whom we confide the protection of the
rights and interests of the citizen. I do not care to
consider the possibility of the judges doing injus-
tice to the Government. There is no reason to
apprehend that they will disgrace themselves and
dishonor their office only because the Government
is a partv. I have no fear of such result; none
at all. ^ 1 should as soon think of entertaining a
proposition to repeal the law for organizing the
Supreme Court of the United States in oider to
compel the judges of that court to do justice as to
think of exercising the reserved power of repeal-
ing this law in order to compel those judges to do
justice.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask my colleague to allow
me to interrupt him for a moment. 1 understand
him to say that he is m lavor of this bill, but
would proft'i it with the amendment which he has
suggested. Now, I desire to present one or two
considerations which I think will satisfy him that
his amendment is not necessary.
Mr. PENDLETON. First, let me make this
suggestion 
Mr. BINGHAM. Just a word. I desire to ask
my colleague whether he knows of an instance in
the history of the Republic in which the Congress
of the United States has ever refused to make an
appropriation required to carry out the provisions
of existing law ? I beg my colleague's pardon for
taking up his time, but I desire to express the opin-
ion that, if this cou.it is organized as this bill pro-
vides for, the appropriations of money for satis-
fyingthe judgments it may render will be as much
a matter of course as any of the regular appropri-
ations for cai rying on the Government. The ob-
ligation of Congress will be complete to make these
appropriations to carry out the provisions of law.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio, before he takes his seat,
what consistency there is between his statement
that Congress will be required to make these ap-
propriations as a matter of course, and the sug-
gestion just now made by the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Hickman,] that
Jpongress will possess a guard over this court in
their power to refuse to make appropriations to
carry out their decrees ?
Mr. HICKMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman, what I intended to say was, that there
were two safeguards to this bill: first, that if the
court, upon trial, shall prove to be afailuve, we can
repeal the act we pass to-day constituting the court;
and second, I take it for granted that if Congress
shall at any time be satisfied that the court has
entered an unjust judgment against the Govern-
ment of the United States, they will fail to appro-
priate the money required to satisfy the judgment,
as they now fail to appropriate money for any
purpose which theyare satisfied is improper;that
is all. Asageneral thing, of course, we shall make
the appropriations required for this purpose. But
if we are satisfied that a particular appropriation
for this purpose is improper, I take it for granted
we should fail to make it just as we should if sat-
isfied that money asked for by a Department was
unnecessary and could not be properly granted.
Mr. PENDLETON. The suggestion of my
colleague [Mr. Bingham] is, that without the
amendment which I propose Congress will, not
necessarily, but as a matter of course, pass what-
ever appropriation is necessary for the payment
of these judgments. Very well, 1 think they will;
but if they should not, if they should fail to per-
form that duty, I am in favor of providing the
means by which that failure may be remedied. If
that bo true, I ask my colleague why not adopt
my amendment, which merely provides with cer-
tainty for doing what he says Congress ought to
do, and will ordinarily do?
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague will pardon
another suggestion. I suppose there has never
been an instance in the history of the Government
since its organization when deficiencies did not
occur in the appropriations for carrying on the
various departments of the Government. I sup-
pose there has never been an annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States
since the organization of the Government which
did not show a list of deficiencies arising upon
previous appropriations of Congress; yet accord-
ing to the proposition of my colleague it will be
well enough here to enact a law thatshall provide
| in advance for the security of acontractororother
claimant against the Government in case of a de-
ficiency in the appropriations arising, by author-
izing the court to issue an execution against the
property of the United States rather than that the
claimant should rest his case upon the justice of
the Representatives of the people.
Mr. PENDLETON. No, sir. I do not think
the remarks of my colleague apply, because I do
not propose that the execution shall issue until
the judgment shall have been rendered and the
cimountdetermined. Then I propose it shall issue
jf the next Congress shall prove derelict in making
the requisite appropriation.
Mr. BINGHAM. The appropriation will be
made if the elaimnnts arc entitled to their money.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks what guarantee we shall have
against unjust judgments of this court. What
remedy has any citizen against an unjust judg-
ment?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman misunderstood
the purpoit of my question. I wanted to recon-
cile his two colleagues on the committee on my
right [Mr. Hickman and Mr. Bingham] in what
seemed to be an inconsistency in their statements.
Mr. PENDLETON. The inconsistencies of
my colleagues on the gentleman's right do not
concern me just now.
Mr. HICKMAN. It is all reconciled, I be-
lieve. [Laughter.!
Mr. DA YVES. I did not think the inference of
the gentleman fi oni Ohio as to the effect of the bill
was exactly as the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary who sat by his side seemed to see
it, especially in reference to the guard reposingin
Congress of withholding appropriations against
the unjust judgment of the court.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am not afraid of any
unjust judgment of the court. I am not fearful of
trusting the interests of this Government where
I would trust the interests of a private citizen; I
am willing to submit them to the judicial determ-
ination of men in whose honesty, in whose in-
tegrity, and in whose ability 1 would be willing
the rights and interests of the citizens of the land
should repose. I presume the President of the
United States will do his duty in making these ap-
pointments, and I presume the judges, having as-
sumed the position, will do their duty in making
their decisions. I presume the Senate of the Uni-
ted States will do its duty in impeaching, and in
enforcing the judgment of impeachment, if there
shall be any dereliction of duty upon the part of
any of these officials. I have confidence to believe
that the decisions of this court will be consistent
with honesty and with justice. At any rate, I am
willing to trust the interests and rights of the Gov-
ernment where I would trust the interests of an
individual, and I am in favor of subjecting the
Government to the same rigid discipline in the ad-
ministration of justice to which I would subject
an individual.
Therefore, whenever the Government shall fail
to do its duty, to make provision for the payment
of every claim which has been solemnly adjudged
to be good, I am willing to subject Us property,
as the property of the individual, to execution and
sale.
Mr. WRIGHT. Let me ask the gentleman
from Ohio a question. Would he expose the mil-
itary property of the Government to sale and ex-
ecution? Does his amendment contemplate the
seizure and sale of the artillery and other muni-
tions of war of the Government to satisfy the
claims of claimants, and thus leave the Govern-
ment defenseless ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I take it that no loyal
citizen of the Government would impede the prog-
ress of its military operations; and so long as there
was plenty of other property, there would be no
necessity of seizing on the military stores of the
Government. But, sir, when the Government can-
not or will not pay its citizens what it owes them,
under the decisions of a judicial tribunal, lam in
favor of sacrificing cannon or any other property
of the United States, if necessary, in order to sat-
isfy those just claims.
Mr. HICKMAN. My colleague on the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary forgets one or two things.
The citizen is dependent upon the grace and favor
of the Government. The citizen cannot sue the
Government at all. We advance a step by the
provisions of this bill. We give him an oppor-
tunity of securing a judgment against the United
States by a judicial tribunal, which judgment shall
be repiesented in the annual report to this House,
and to the payment of which we virtually pledge
ourselves if it shall be due. The citizen is now
entirely dependent upon the bounty of the Govern-
ment. This bill advances him one step. But
when it comes to the other side of the case—of
the Government compelling him—we do not make
any provision. The Government can now compel
by force of law the individual to pay what is de-
cided to be due to it. It is right, therefore, that
the Government should have judgment and exe-
cution against the individual where a debt is due,
but it by no means follows that the individual
should have judgment and execution against the
Government.
Mr. PENDLETON. That is where I differ
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I say
that it does follow that the individual should have
judgment and execution against the Government.
If 1 have made myself understood at all, I have
shown that I am opposed to the dogma, which
has no foundation in justice, that the Government
ought not to be sued. I think that it was a mis-
take from the time that it was inaugurated up to
this hour. I am for this bill because it makes
theGovernment suable; and when the Government
is made suable, I would also make it liable to ex-
ecution. Thcgentleman from Pennsylvania says
that it is a step in advance. 1 ask him whether
the same reasoning that brings him to take that
step will not bring him to take the other step, and
when the Government is made suable, whether it
should not be made liable to execution ? I would
not have the right of the citizen depend on the
favor and grace of the Government any more than
I would make the right of the Government depend
upon the favor and grace of the citizen. I would
