2636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
to morning, was a constant nuisance; it smelt very
offensively. I inquired about it, how in the world
any gas company could afford to let their gas be
running out into the street all the time; and some
friend told me—I do not know whether it is true
or not, twit it sounds so—*' it is the easiest thing
to explain in the world; the gas company manu-
facture a certain amount of gas; and they measure
the gross amount that they manufacture; then
they sell by measure to their private customers,
and they charge the balance to the Government;
so it makes no odds to them; all that is lost is lost
to the Government." Besides, their works are in
a very inconvenient place, right in the center of
the city, near the canal, which they keep filthy
and offensive,
I hope that there will be a new gas company
created, or if there is not, that the Government
1 will cut itself loose from this one, and manufac-
ture its own gas. It seems, according to the state-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, that we are pay-
ing at the rate of $52,000 a year. My impression
is that itwili be found to be a great deal more than'*
that.
Mr. COWAN. That, I understand, is for
lighting the Capitol and the Capitol grounds
aiono.
Mr. HALE. I wish it might be known.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the sum 1 stated is for
the Capitol and the public grounds. The figures
were furnished to me by one of our clerks, Mr.
Page. I know nothing about it myself.
Mr. HALE. 1 think it is a thing that ought
to be seen into. I believe the Government is im-
posed upon enormously, outrageously.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No doubt about that.
Mr. HALE. And we ought not to submit to
it. lam opposed to the amendment proposed by
my colleague, because I do not think it would be
cxactly honorable m this great Government to be
putting down the price of the gas that they con-
sume themselves, and telling the company that
it can afford to let them have it for less; but they
will let it tax the poor inhabitants, who are less
able to pay, a higher price; I think the Govern-
ment ought to pay the highest puce, and the in-
habitants, many of whom are ill able to pay it,
should have it at the lowest price; and if there is
to be a difference, I think it ought to be twenty-
eight cents for the Government and twenty-five
cents for private inhabitants. But I do hope we
shall cut loose from this gas company somehow
or other. We have been plucked by it long
enough; wehave been imposed upon longenough;
and i think the true way would be to incorporate
another gas company, if you can get a bona fide
one, and not a bogus one, which my colleague
says one proposed was. At any rate, I go for
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. CLARK. I want to say one word in re-
gard to the amendmentl proposed. I should pre-
fer an amendmentproviding that they should fur-
nish gas at swell a price to every customer using
such an amount, and to customers using a less
amount a larger price. I want to say to my col-
league that that is piecisely the way gas compa-
nies are managed, (f he has a gas company m
his city, I think he will find that to all the man-
ufacturing companies where they take large quan-
tities, they sell it at leas piices than they do to
anybody else, i know that to be the fact in my
city, and they can afford to do U. They can af-
ford to sellgusto the Government cheaper than to
anybody else, because the Government consumes
in such large quantities, and because here espe-
cially the Government furnishes the mams. It is
for their interest; they can make a better profit out
of it. Where they furnish it all around m differ-
ent parts of the city, they have to lay down a pipe
through the particular part of the city where they
want to supply it, and the cost in proportion is
much greater than it is to a Government like this,
or to party who consumes such a vast amount.
There is very good reason, excellent reason, why
they should furnish gas for the Government
cheaper than they should for somebody else.
But I do not myself quite like the form the
amendment assumes. If 1 knew exactly the quan-
tity or neai the quantity the Government con-
sumer, i should modify the amendment and re-
move die objectionable verbiage; but not knowing
that, \ cannot do it. They have to furnish sep-
arate meters to each customer; and the expense
of collecting bills from small customers is much
greater in proportion than from one large customer
to whom they furnish one meter, and where they
take their account at one place and send their bill
to one place to be paid. There is very good rea-
son why they should not charge the Government
so much as other customers.
Mr. GRIMES. There are some difficulties in
connection with this subject of incorporating a
new gas company. We are legislating for the
people of the District as well as for the Govern-
ment; we are legislating for the advantage of the
citizens who live in the remote parts of the town
as well as for ourselves sitting here in the Cap-
itol; and it will not do for us to cut ourselves loose
from a company that is now furnishing thirty
miles of mains to a population that is hardly able
to pay the expense. There are a good many
things to be taken into consideration in connec-
tion with this subject, and I do not think myself
it is the policy of the Government to establish a
rival company here. We cannot do it without
first making a contract by which we agree to al-
low that company to supply us with gas at a cer-
tain sum, for agiven number of years. That is
the proposition they make. No other company
will undertake to do it, and be bound to lay down
a certain amount of main unless we do that. This
company carries the mains down to the navy-
yard, and it is expensive carrying them down
there, although we consume in the neighborhood
of ten thousand dollars' worth of gas when they
get there.
I will answer the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] in regard to his question as to this
being the whole amount the Government consumes
here. I judge it to be the amount that we consume
here, from the fact that lie will remember that in
the naval appropriation bill there is a provision
for furnishing gas to the Department and the navy-
yard to the amount of $12,000, which is in addi-
tion to the amount incorporated in the miscella-
neous and general appropriation bills for carrying
on the expenses of the Government, for supplying
this Capitol with gas. I judge, therefore, this is
the amount that is furnished to us here.
Mr. FESSENDEN". You do not mean the
Capitol alone?
Mr. GRIMES. The Capitol and Capitol
grounds and streets. It does not include the De-
partments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I supposed it did. *
Mr. HALE. I guess it does not include the
streets.
Mr. GRIMES. It includes the streets and the
Capitol.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One of the reasons given
for the increase this year is the fact that they have
had to keep the streets lighted a great deal more
than usual, on account of the troops being here.
Mr. GRIMES. On that subject I am not able
to speak with accuracy. I will state in justice to
the gentlemen who sought the chatter to which
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
has referred, that 1 do not believe the corporators
named in that company were in the interest of the
old gas company. If they were, they wete a very
singular set of men, for I never saw men more
persistent, in their efforts to secure the passage of
that charter.
Mr. SIMMONS, I think there is a question
involved in this matter which is not a proper sub-
ject to be put t)ii a small appropriation bill to
wcii^h it down. I understood the chairman of the
Committee on Finance to say that he wanted the j
hill passed because there were some people waif- '
ing for their money. Why should we connect a |
great gas establishment with a bill to pay people
money that is actually due ? I have no objection
to revising this matter and correcting any abuse
that may exist; but n does not seem to me that
the proper place for it is an appropnation bill. 1
hope the Senator from Iowa will withdraw the
proposition and let the bill go through.
Mr. GRIMES. It has been put on an appro-
priation bill before.
Mr. SIMMONS. A proposition fixing the
price of gas;
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; and in almost the
same words.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Lot the amendment
be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read as it has been modified.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert at
the end of line seven of section two:
And the act to incorporate the Washington Ga«? Light
Company is hereby so amended as to piohibit said com-
pany fiom receiving,alter the 1st day of July. 1862, more
than twenty-five cents per hundred cubic feet of gas fur-
nished by it to the Government, and twenty eight cents to
other customers, subject to a discount of not less than ten
per cent, on all billy for gas if paid at the office of the said
company within fivo days from the rendition thereof: Pro-
vided, All arrears shall have been prcviou&ly paid.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to suggest to
the Senator from Iowa that their present rule is
to deduct ten per cent., if the bill is paid within
ten days. This amendment says five days.
Mr. GRIMES. I followed exactly the present
provision.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The notices they serve
me say ten days.
Mr. GRIMES. The old law says five days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They grant five naore
days of grace of their own accord.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 19, nays 17; as follows:
YE\S—Mes?ts. Browning, Clark, Collamer, Doolittle,
Foot, Grimes, Harlan. Howe, King, Lane of Kansas, La-
tham, Mori ill, Pomeroy, Powell, Saulsbuty, Sumner,Tium-
bull, Wade, and Wilson of AI:i- «:achusotis—19.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Carlisle, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Fessenden, Foster, Hale, il.inn, Lane ol Indiana,McDou-
gall, Nesimfh, Simmon*, Staik, Ten Eyck, Willey, and
Wright—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, to offer an
amendment, to insert after line ten, in section one,
the following:
For the purpose of enabling the Commissioner of Public
Buildings and Grounds to remove the Army bakery 1'iom
the basement fiooi of the Capitol, ,md to repair the damage
caused by such bakery, the sum ot $8,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessaiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the first sec-
tion, to carry out an act of Congress that has just
been passed:
For the salary of the commissioner and consul general to
the icpubhe of Jlnyti, ,<-7,500.
For the salary of the commissioner andconsul general to
the republic of Liberia, ,-$4,000.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. This is simply to carry out
the bill we passed the other day.
Mi. McDOUGALL. It strikes me as very ex-
traordinary to appropiiate the sum of $7,500 for
a commissioner to Hayti.
Mr. SUMNER. It is the salary fixed by the
bill which has been passed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays G; as follows:
YEAS—Measis. Anthony, Browning, Claik, Collamer,
Cowan. Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Ilailan, Hani*, Howard, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane ot Kansas, Latham. MeDougail, Moriill, Pom^ioy,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Willey,
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Davis, Nesimth, Powell, Sauls-
bury, and Stark—6.
Mr. SUMNER. I am also directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to offer the fol-
lowing as an additional section to the bill:
Jlml be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of State be
directed to audit and settle the account* of Isaac R. Diller,
late con-til at Bremen, upon the piinetplcs of justice and
equity, for the expenses mcuired by linn for rvtra clerk
hue in his otiice and foi necessary tiavelmg expenses
beyond the limits of the said consulate, and lor moneys
advanced t'> destitute American citizens, and to pay the
amount thereof, not exceeding the sum of §3,000, out of
any money m the Treasury not otheiwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think I must object to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator will be good
enough not to object to it until he has heard what
it is, and an explanation of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have heard it read.
Mr.SUMNER. The Senator has hraiditread,
but has not heard the explanation. The case was
very carefully considered by the committee. As
presented, the claim was for fU,38ft 55. It was
referred to the Department of State, nnd the larger
part of it was approved. The question was how
it should be presented to the Senate. On examin-
ing the previous appropriation bills, it was found
