THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
ciori. I believed, m the language of the present
Secretary of State, used on the 10th of April last,
" that this federal republican system of ours, of
all forms of government, is most unfitted for such a
labor." Coercion was war; and in the language of
the late Senator from Illinois, war was disunion.
Earnest in these opinions, I joined others in urg-
ent appeals to the late Administration to withdraw
our forces from Fort Sumter, and make our dif-
ferences the subject of peaceful arbitrament. And,
sir, down to the day this letter is dated, and even
down to the 3d of March, the day the late Presi-
dent left the executive mansion, I believed this
would be done; and I-had every reason to think
so from the course of those who alone had the
power to do it.
•But when hostilities commenced at Fort Sum-
ter an entire new feature presented itself. This
act, folio wed by the proclamation of the President,
was war, and while my opinions as to the policy
of resorting to coercion, even then, as a remedy
in the first place, remained unchanged; and while
I differed entirely with the line of policy pursued
by the late as well as the present Administration
in the conduct of aftairs at Charleston, I never
hesitated as to my duty towards my own Govern-
ment, and that was to sustain it, as I have done,
in all that related to its efforts to defend the re-
maining States from invasion, and in all its efforts
to enforce obedience to the laws of the United
States, within constitutional limits, within all the
States..
One other remark,and I am done. This outrage
upon tile right of representation of a sovereign
State is the volunteer offering of partisan proscrip-
tion, and intended as a condemnation of my po-
litical opinions, arid as a consequence of my in-
dorsementof the platform of principles which has
so lately been declared by the great party that I
claim to represent, and whose action 1 have avowed
my purpose to maintain. Let tile country bear
witness, that no legislative body in Indiana, no
conventional action, no appeal from the gallant
men of her anny have petitioned you to stuke
this blow, still, 1 say, let it come. The decree of
that remorseless tyrant, Caucus, has been issued,
and^I bare my person to the blow, unaweil, 1
trust, even though coupled with the threat of ban-
ishment made on yesterday by the brave,gallant,
chivalric, polished, classic Senator from Massa-
chusetts. If 1 am to fall, of which 1 etiteitain
no doubt, it shall be with my face toward my
•accusers, and into the aims of a people that I
have ever found just and swift to vindicate the
""Mr, TEN EYCK. I wish to say a word bo-
fore the vote is taken. I must say a word. I feel
the pressure of thin moment, it in also fraught
with consequence to me, 1 know the feeling of
this Semite. I respect it. i know the tone and
temper of the press, it is fieree and clamorous. I
hear the public voice. It is loud and clear. i\Iy
nearest friends have urged, have tlneutened, and
entreated me. They say my grave is dug. it may
be so. This has made me pause; thin has earned
me to consider; this has led mo to distrust my
judgmentand the correctness of my views. I have
thought and pondered on it. I have tried to see it
otherwise. My prejudices, \ confess it, have as-
sailed me. My hatred of the horrid crime of trea-
son has made war with me. But, sir, this ques-
tion is not simply a political one. it is a judicial
one, involving sacred rights of person—rights
dear as life itself. Would you take human life
without a pause? Would you take human life
without sufficient evidence? Would you take life
without the benefit of reasonable doubt? What
matters it whether you take life or blast a man as
with a stroke of fne fiom heaven? it is not a
question for a day; it is a question for all time to
come. It is a question on which tests the stability
of this Senate; the stability of the Government
itself.
Sir, I see no cause to change, at least no cause
sufficient. I have made up my mind to fall,if fall
I must, honestly adhering to what I think is light,
rather than stand amidst the triumphs of the hour
self-condemned and -H-abased, The opinion of
my fVHow-men I highly cherish; no man can do
so more; but i would not yield my sense of right
nor lose my self-respect to gam or keep it. Sir,
impugning no one here or elsewhere for the course
he shall pursue in this respect, I shall tiwst*to a
calmer and more thoughtful hour for justice and
for judgment on my course. All I ask of those
who dig my grave for doing what I think is right
is this, that they will also place a rough stone at
its head, and on it write these simple words: " He
dared to do what he thought was right." [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have a single
word to say in explanation of the vote I am about
to give, and I desire to say it out of the respect
which I entertain for my many friends, both here
and m the great State I have the honor to repre-
sent. X have l^pen exceedingly unfortunate in the
consideration of this case. I ccrtainly entered into
it desiring, if I could, to be fair and impartial.
The only fear I then entertained was, that if I
erred at all I should err in not giving to the Sen-
ator from Indiana a fair trial. Certainly, I had
no prejudices m his favor. Certainly, I had noth-
ing to gain by befriending him. Certainly, I have
nothing to gain now by opposing what I think I
may say is the universal sentiment of my State.
Instead of that, I have everything to lose. But,
Mr. President, faithful to the obligations of duty,
| true to the impulse of my conscience, I would
rather be torn with wild horses hero on this floor
than yield my convictions at the dictation of any-
body. I am a free man, free born. No man is
my master; no man has yet been my master; no
man shall hereafter be, in any way. When a
duty is intrusted to me, I trust I shall be able to
perform it. Weak I may be; I desire the applause
of my fellow men. There is not an individual in
my State, however humble, whose good will I
would not desire to have. I have not, I think,
said a word, or uttered a thought, which was cal-
culated to reflect upon anybody. I have notaigued
the case of the Senator fiom Indiana, nor have 1
prosecuted inm. 1 stood here to give him a fair,
impartial trial, as an American Senator in the
Senate of the United States. Why, I ask, should
it be denied him? If he is guilty, is not that the
way to ascertain it?
I have been utterly astounded that honorable
Senators in this high place should insist that we
should reverse all the laws and all the rules which
have existed from time immemorial for the ascer-
tainment of guilt or innocence. I say what I
wanted was that the Senator fiom Indiana should
have a fair trial. I have said distinctly that if I
believed the facts, according to the hypothesis m
this prosecution, (because I must call it such,) I
would not only go as far as gentlemen on this
door propose to go, but I would go a great deal
further. If the charge which was submitted to the
Judiciary Committee of tins body «o be investi-
gated, and which is specified and distinct upon its
face, is a true charge, it is treason. If it is not that,
it is nothing. Let us not despise the wisdom of
.the past. What is crime? Where is crime?
Inside the human heart, or out of it ? Every line
of your criminal law, every line of the criminal
law of the civilized wuild is that the intent is the
ciimc—not the act done outside, but the intent
with whie.h it was done.
When I entered upon the investigation of this
case, I inquired into the intent ofthe Senator from
Indiana in writing the letter; and I may say here,
that I will never consent to sit in judgment upon
any man unless the charge against him be dis-
tinctly written down. I would not do it upon the
humblest man of the humblest race, and much less
I would not do it upon a fellow Senator. The
chat go must be written down, and upon that charge
mid that charge alone I will give judgment. If he
is to be tried upon another charge, let those who
make it write it down, and put it upon therecord,
so that we may know what it is.
Ilere, sir, was a charge written down. What
wasit> That he wrote a letter, with a good in-
1 tent or a bad intent; one or the other. If n was
i with a good intent, nobody can quairel with it.
3 Nobody can deny that inference. Ifitwasabad
intent, then I understand exactly the offense with
i which ho was charged. The Legislature of my
■ State have left it to me to say whether I believe,
| upon alt this evidence, that Mr. Bright is an
I enemy to the cause of the country. That cause I
i have at heait just as much as anybody else, and
; would be just as willing to imperil myself m it as
I anybody else, although I am not constantly vaunt-
; ing it eveiywhere. They left it to me, if I believed
| from this evidence and this charge specifically
1 made, to which they referred specifically, that he
was an enemy to the great cause of the country,
that I should vote to expel him.
Now, Mr. President, I say I cannot find it. I
am not here to guess about this matter. I am not
here to suspect. It may be that Mr. Bright is an
enemy to the cause; it is within the range of pos-
sibility; but I cannot lay my hand upon my heart
and say so. Outside people who have no respon-
sibility may decide differently. It is very easy
for them to say " this man is guilty and ought to
be turned out," and all that kind of thing; but,
perhaps, if they stood here under the responsi-
bilities which are upon us they might have some
difficulty. I cannot lay my hand upon my heart
and say that Mr. Bright is an enemy to the cause
of the country. I cannot say that he wrote that
letter with a treasonable intent, and for the sim-
plest reason in the world, 1 do not know it.
Mr. Bright has said repeatedly—and that is the
evidence we have about it; that is the evidence of
his letter; the evidence of his continued declara-
tions, and there is no evidence to the contrary—
that he has no recollection of writing that letter;
and he says further, that under the same circum-
stances, so little recollection has he of it, so in-
advertent was it, that he should write it again.
That remark has been made a handle of here. A
great many people have said, if he had not said
that, they would have thought better of him.
Why, sir, every man is bound to say that. If you
charge me with a crime committed with a wicked
intent, then I can avoid that hereafter; but if you
charge me with a crime which does not exist in
the intent, but which may be a thing of thought-
lessness, a thing of inadvertence, nobody can; and
I never heard it disputed even in the humblest
court of justice, much less did I suppose I should
ever hear it doubted in the American Senate. I
cannot say this, and I cannot say it from the evi-
dence I have of the intent. It is true gentlemen
sec fit to believe differently from me. That I can-
not help. I have not reflected upon them. I have
reflected upon nobody. I have merely attempted
to do my duty here for myself, and I intend to do
it according to my best belief and conscientious
conviction upon the subject
Mr. President, I have but a word more to say,
and I am sorry i am obliged to say it. If Mr.
Bright is expelled from this Senate, and I am
asked, when 1 go out this year, next year, ten
yearsortwenty years from this time, if God spares
me so long, what was the charge against him, what
was the specific, distinct offense of which the Sen-
ate of the United States found him guilty, I could
not tell. I could state, " here is the charge put
upon the records of the Senate; but I am very free
to say I heard a great many gentleman wander
away from that charge, and put it upon other
grounds, and I am not prepared to say he was not
convicted in the minds of a great many for some-
thing else than that, charge." I lament this. I
lament it for various reasons. I lament it for rea-
sons which prevail to-day, and I lament it for rea-
sons which must prevail m all time. The charge,
I say, should bedistinetand specific, and we should
agree upon it. It should not be a thing left to
doubt; left to be suspected at all. It should be
clear and certain, as it is in a court of justice.
I have been charged with looking upon this case
as a lawyer. I am only sorry that 1 could not
look upon it more as a lawyer. Why should not
a lawyer look upon it better than anybody else?
Why should not a carpenter build a better house
than a shoemaker? It is the business and the
trade of the lawyer to try causes of this kind, and
to distinguish guilt and protect innocence. I hope,
sir, that if I ever have any merit at all it may be
that which I believe to be the highest merit, that
I can look upon this thing as a lawyer.
But it has been said I am trammeled with tech-
nical difficulties. I have no technical difficulty
about it, not a particle. There is not a technical
difficulty about the case from one end of it to the
other. A technical difficulty is where a man's
belief is circumscribed by some proper rule of
law. I think I can mention an instance. If we
were sitting as a court, and a witness testified to
a particular offense, although I might believe that
witness, the arbitrary rule of law which required
two witnesses would prevent me from finding upon
it. We have had no technical trammels here.
There have been 110 judicial obstructions in the
way. We have been just as free as the air we
breathe, or the sunlight we rejoice in. The rules
