1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
3^x11 Cong....2d Sess.
Postal Reform—Mr. Hutchins.
incurred by that emancipation; a friend of mine
asked him if he was willing to go home and tell
his people that he would tax them to raise the
money necessary to remunerate the slaveholders:
" No, sir," said he; "1 will do no such thing;;
we do not contemplate any such thing; in my
country, when wc arc about to build a road, and
it becomes necessary to ascertain the damage a
man may sustain from having the road run through
his land, the rule we adopt is to make a jury take
an estimate of the injury he will suffer by the
road occupying his land, and of the benefit he
willderivefrom its passage through his land, and
have the balance struck on either side. 1 do not
think," said he " that there exists a man who
would not say that a tlave State was more bene-
fited than injured by the abolition of slavery, so
that, instead of our paying them for it, they
would have to pay us."
My friend [Mr. Watjsworth] said some time
ago that there were two kinds of faith, that good
old honest faith which our fathers gave and ob-
served, and that other kind of faith which among
the Romans became proverbial and infamous—
Punic faith. I leave the House to say which
kind would be practiced by those who hold this
doctrine.
Mr. Speaker, I will only add, in conclusion, that
I believe that, without forced construction, ample
power can be derived from the Constitution to put
down this rebellion. I believe, sir, that if for any
purposes you violate that instrument in its plain
teachings; if you exercise powers that are clearly
not granted, or usurp those that are certainly pro-
hibited, you add incalculably to the difficulty and
complication of our position. I protest against
such usuipation. I do it not us the defender and
advocate of the icbel, who has no light to set up
claim under tho Constitution and laws of a Gov-
ernment against which he has impiously laisod
his arm for its destruction; but I do it in my own
right, and in defense of the rights of my loyal con-
stituents; and in defense of the rights of millions
of loyal freemen throughout the Union, I demand
that you redeem the solemn pledge you made the
country and the world, by which you recruited
an army of more than six hundred thousand men,
not subjects, but/ree, intelligent volunteers, and se-
cured the free offer of hundreds of millions of the
nation's treasure. In that pledge you solemnly
resolve:
"That the present deplorable civil war has been forced
upon the countiy by the disunion i>ts of thesouthei n States,
now in arms again&t the constitutional Government, and
in arms around the capital; that in this national emer-
gency, Congiess, banishing ail feelings of meie passion or
lesentment, will recollect only its duty to the whoie coun-
try ; that this war is not waged on their part in any spiut
ot oppression, oi for any pinpose of conquest or subjuga-
tion, or purpose of ovei tinowing or inteifcrinar with the
rights or established institutions of those St.ueb, but to de-
fend and maintain the supremacy ol' the Constitution, and
to"pieseivc the Union with all the dignity, equality, and
rights of the sevetal States unimpaired; and that as soon
as these objects are accomplished the war ought to cease.''
Redeem this, and dark as the prospect now is,
the bright morning of a glorious future, one of
peace and concord, of prosperity and power, such
as no other nation has ever known, will speedily
break on us. Disregard it, violate it, and wc
plunge into a fathomless abyss, from whose dark
depths no human vision can see the way of extri-4
cation.   
POSTAL ItEFOXtM.
SPEECH OF HONTJOHN IIUTCHINS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representvthes,
May 19, 1862,
In favor of the bill (II. K. No. 286) to equalize the rated of
postage, estabhfeh a urufoim method oflettcr deliveiy in
cities, cteateamoneyorder sy&tem, abolish flanking, and
for other pui poses.
Mr. HUTCHINS said:
Mr. Chairman: I propose to break in upon the
monotony of congressional debate by the discus-
sion of a subject having little or nothing to do with
the conduct "of the present war or the many im~
portantand exciting questions involved in its pros-
ecution.
I know it is next to impossible m the present
state of the public mind to get the ear of the House
or the country uponany subject not directly or in-
directly connected with the rebellion, or the means
tobeemployedinputtingitdown. Byabiil which i
have introduced and have had referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, I have
endeavored to suggest important reforms in our
postal system. The subject is important in the
picsent state of the country, for if there ever was
a time when the people needed, and when they
have a right to demand a postal system, convenient
and cheap, that time is the present. The interests
of commerce, of manufactures, of agriculture, and
the material and social wants of our people, now
greatly embarrassed by the war and its conse-
quences, are intimately and inseparably connected
with tho means of communication afforded by the
Post Office Department.
The piesent postal system of commercial coun-
tries owes its origin to the necessities of Govern-
ment, and although primarily used for State pur-
poses, it soon became the means of conveying
intelligence for private persons for a considera-
tion. The subjects and interests to be provided
for and accommodated by a postal system are
multitudinous, embracing politics, commerce, ag-
riculture, mechanics, education, religion, and nil
the varied wants and social and material interests
of modern civilization. It has been argued with
great force that it is not necessarily the province
of Government to furnish postal facilities for the
people any more than to do their carrying trade
generally. The framers of our Constitution did
not deem it nccessary to make it obligatory on
Congress to establish a postal system, but were
content to give Congress the power '' to estab-
lish post offices and post roads;" and whenever,
in the judgment of Congress, the postal wants of
the Government and of the people can be better
provided for by private entcrpiisc than through
the agency of the Post Office Department, it will
become its duty to repeal all laws " establishing
post offices and post roads." I am of the opin-
ion that in all our thickly populated commercial
States postal facilities could be as well and cheap-
ly provided by private enterprise as by Govern-
ment. The agricultural and new States would
probably suffer by with holding govern mental aid,
and in the piesent slate of our count! y it is nut
probable that a proposition to repeal the postal
laws and abolish the Post Office would meet with
the approval or accord with the convenience of
the people. It is theicfoie important that our
postal system should be adapted to the business
and social wants of the community at as low a
rate of postage as is consistent with the revenue
interest of the Government.
I iiave for many years been an admirer of the
low and uniform postage which the Biitish Gov-
ernment, through the efforts of Rowland Hill, has
adopted with gi eat profit and advantage to Us peo-
ple. SirRowland Hill has accomplished more for
his country than the most renowned of her states-
men or military heroes. My attention was first
called to this subject by the observations of that
most careful, practical, and shrewd observer of
men and institutions, Samuel Laing, Esq., in his
" Notes of a Traveler on the Social and Political
State of Fiance, Prussia, Swit/.ciland, Italy, and
other parts of Europe," published in this country
in 1846. This woik was written in 184:2, before
the success of the system, as a financial measure,
had been fairly tested. Mr. Lamg, in these ob-
servations, only considered the question in Us ed-
ucational and moral aspects. Some years after
reading this work, my attention was attracted to
the writings m the New York press and articles
from this pen of Mi. Pliny Miles, advocating a
similar system for this country. I am satisfied
that a uniform and low rate of postage is a wise
educational, moral, social, commercial,and finan-
cial measure. Ourlaw-makers have beenapprox-
imatingalow rate of postage withoutadoptmg the
principle of uniformity which is the key to a suc-
cessful system. The States now in rebellion have
uniformly and persistently opposed it, and the
postal statistics for the last ten years will satisfac-
torily show the reason why.' The following table
of statistics for 1856, showing postal finances of
twenty States, ten of which are now in rebellion,
is a fair average statement for the last ten years.
I obtain them from an article in the Banker's
Magazine for December, 1857. This article was
written by Pliny Miles, who has industriously
Ho. OB Reps.
and pei-severingly endeavored to accomplish for
this country what Rowland Hill accomplished for
Great Britain.
zr r So o 2 s-o re p
=2s§«§£§«!
: j | g
: i :: lp.| = r|
•■lACiClOfOjlb"<Tl
-Kl®!DOOv5i C{D
C,-1 -J >— SCfO W -J
sO w O CO ® OI
to —
OiUOt-uftAi-.
- lO K> HJ W <0 —
3 o o'o'r/.'k. io
•> -J ju -i oc> tn S5
u - J V< J- O <£>
? .u qj «o <;
' Ci <f J
co tc io la co
Do;nvi,aoi.ba)Oi
©coce-icftoi^cou't-
<!os:r, o---<6v
SC^OMi" JTJC
O t. ^ <r s 7 3 ~ 3"
3  2 ?   : H ~ « O a
5 S• • : "Z's s
yioaoi
to rfi (X QO
1 (W iW(AO
i 0> lil «•! CO
- CO W W to CO t-S to '
5 co a. (fj co to o< co
r> « © v>i co «c> — OJ o> ♦ i
Ui/ O) CO O <.1 CJ -I rf- O
'r ic'b'l.
a .)tacAi\5iai<o
a o ~i c
"io o bi J—  o b< yto 
*3 O
Early in the present session of Congress I con-
cluded to draw a postal bill, embracing such parts
of the English system as were adapted to our
country and its institutions. At my request,Mr.
Pliny Miles, secretary of the New York postal
reform committee, came to "Washington, and has
materially aided me in the preparation of the bill
which was icferred to the Post Oilier Committee,
I received \aluablo suggestions, as to portions ot
the bill, from the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. P. A. Comkling,] who lepresrnts in part the
city of New York. I do not chum for this bill
pmfection. I think, however, it contains many
important and useful reforms in our postal sys-
tem, and that some such measures are demanded
by the business interests of the people, already
emlnurassed and depressed by this wicked and
causeless rebellion, and which must necessarily
be further crippled by taxes essential to the main-
tenance of the Government. The main purpose
of tho bill is to equalize and reduce to a convenient
uniformity our present almost numberless and in-
convenient rates of postage. While in some in-
stances it lowers, m others it increases the rates.
The following tables show the rates of postage by
the law as it now is, and the intes proposed by
the bill now under consideration:
RA.TES OK l'OSTAOC BY T1IC PftESENT I,AW.
Po<ita«e per qucirln on regular ncu spapcrs and periodicals,
jl—Newspaper* oi peiiodiralw published monthly.
li—Newt«papei>, &eM published hinm-monthly.
t'—iVrw-pajH-t- published weekly.
J)—TCcw-pupoK jmbltviu'd soim-weekly.
E—Nrw-q).iper< published tn-weckly.
F—Newspapers published six times week.
G—Tm cwsp.ipcis. published hcven times a week.
Weight.
A.
D.
C\
D.
E.
p.
0.
Ounces.
Cts.
Cts.
Cls.
CYi.
Cts.
Cts.
67,s.
Not over JJ, in the
n
li
19*
Not over 3, out ol
the Slate 
11
i:J
W
ir 4
3to4,evcivwhrie.
;<
(>
i:*
01
4 to 5 
41,
i)
19,'
117
K16ff
(>
1-2
r>2
■jy
l.>0
IS-2
-1
1.*)
?,
i>.>
97J
iy.>
■urn
'J
78
H:
2:34
27a
Postage on transient ptintcd mutter.
A—Periodicals.
#_Books, bound or unbound, maps engravings, litho-
graphs, photogiaplne prints, phonographic paper, and
letter envelopes, under 1,OOU miles.
C—The same as tho hi-t, over lv">00 mile-.
D—Seed^ or euttinas, in packages wejelnn? w>t to exceed
eight ounce-*, and not sent ovei 1linlcs.
15—The same as the l<j*i, over l.oOU inik-rf.
F—Small nuw^papeni and periodical.-, published monthly
oi oftener, and pamphlet*, containing not ovei six-
teen octavo pages each, when s( ntin package weigh-
in" less than eight ounces are to be charged the
piece, one cent each, which, at an avuagc ot" one
ounce and a half each, would be as stated below.
