1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1677
apply the same rule to the Government that I
would apply to individuals, and I would subject
them and their interests to the adjudication of the
same tribunal, and I would execute their decis-
ion against the Government ill exactly the same
mode—as certainly, as rapidly—as I would exe-
cute their decision against the citizen and in favor
of the Government.
I renew the demand for the previous question,
as I promised I would.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask unanimous
consent to submit a report from a committee of
conference.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 2G9) making ap-
propriations for the service of the Po«st Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863, hav-
ing met, after a full and fiee conference have agreed to rec-
ommend, and do recommend, to their ie&pective Houses as
follows, to wit:
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the Senate's iouith amendment and agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's fifth amendment and concur in the same with an
amendment, as follows,: in line eight of said amendment,
after the word " twenty," stake out the word " five."
That the Senate recede from their sixth, seventh, and
eighth amendments. J. COLLAMER,
MILTON S. LATHAM,
TIMOTHY 0. IIOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
A. A. SARGENT,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded the
previous question on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the report was adopted.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendment to the bill (H. R. No.
2-4*2) making appropriations for the naval seiviee for the
yeai ending June 3U, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending June 30, 1862, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the llou^eof Rcpiesentatives.recede from their dis-
agieement to the Senate's first amendment, and agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amendnifnt.
That tiie House recede fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's eighth amendment and agiee to the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
JOHN P. HALE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
J. K. MOORHEAU,
E. II. ROLLINS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was adopted.
COURT OP CLAIMS AGAIN.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion until I can submita proposition to recommit
the bill with instructions to report a substitute
providing that when the members of the Court of
Claims are unanimous upon a claim, and the so-
licitor for the Court of Claims certifies that in his
opinion the finding of the court is just, that then
the Treasurer shall pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the claim so
found and certified.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and not myself, has the control of
the previous question.
Mr. WASH BURNE moved that the bill belaid
upon the table, and on that motion demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 40, nays 83; as follows: j
YEAS—Moss-is. Ashley, Joseph Rally, Blake, William j
G. Brown, Buffinton, Campbell, Charnbeihn, Clements,
Frederick A. Conkhng, Roscoe Conk!ins:, Covode, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Dawes, Diven, Eliot, Fianchot, Gooch,
Hall, Uolman, Hutchins, McPheison, Anson P. Mnmll,
Justin S. Morrill, Timothy G.Phelps,Pike, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Sheffield, Sloan, Van Horn, Van Vaikenburgh, Ver-
ree, Wadsworth, E. P. Walton, Washburne, Albert S.
White, WiK-on, Windom, and Wright—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Ancona, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxtei, Beam an, Kiddle, Bingham, Francis P. Blair,
Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Calveit, Casey, Colfax,
Cox, Delano, Dueil, Uunlap, Dunn, Edwards, Fesscnden,
Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Hale, Hanchett, Harding, Har-
rison, Hickman, Hooper, Julian, Keiley, Francis W. Kel-
logg, Kerrigan, Kitlingei, Kuapp, Lansing, Law, Leary,
Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mcknight, Mallory, Menzies,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Morris, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Odell,
Olin, l'atton, Pendleton, Portei, Potter, Price, Alexander
II.Kice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, James
S. Rollins. Shank*, Shelhibarger, Shiel, Smith, John B.
Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Train, Trowbridge, Vallandigliam, Voorhees, Wallace,
Wheeler,Whaley, Chilton A. White, Woodruff, and Wor-
cester—83.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, stated that Mr.
Clark was paired with Mr. Wickliffe.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Shellabarger's amendment was agreed
to; and then the substitute, as amended, was
adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and it was accord-
ingly engrossed, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution (S. No. 50)
transferring the supervision of the Capitol exten-
sion, and the erection of a new dome, to the De-
partment of the Interior; when the Speaker signed
the same.
MEXICO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, in
compliance with a resolution of the House, trans-
mitting a report from the State Department, giv-
ing information of the present condition of Mex-
ico; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX moved that two thousand extra copies
be printed.
The motion, under the rules, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That in view of the large appropriations of
money ah eady made for rivei, lake, and sea-coast defenses,
and of the large sums which may hereafter he required for
similar purposes, to afford protection against invasion or re-
bellion ; and m view also of the important changes which
have been made in ordnance and piojeotiles, and in the
methods of naval warfare, the Secretary of Wai bp requested
to communicate to this House whether any corresponding
changes are necessary in the materials and construction of
lorts and other means of defense, in order to cmbiace the
best results of modern science, skill, and experience in le-
spect to such woiks.
UNITED STATES COURT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to establish a circuit
court of the United States in and for the States of
California and Oregon; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
And then, on motion of Mr. HICKMAN, (at
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, •April 16, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CHAIRMANSHIP OF NAVAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. GRIMES. Two or three days ago the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Hale,] under
a misapprehension of a state of facts, or rather
perhaps under a misapprehension of the intent
with which a state of facts existed, saw fit to pre-
sent his resignation of further service on that com-
mittee. I am instructed by the unanimous vote
of the Committee on Naval Affairs to state to the
Senate that it is the wish of that committee that
that resignation should be withdrawn. I under-
stand that the misapprehension is perfectly com-
prehended by the Senator himself, and by all the
members of the committee. I desire to say fur-
ther in response somewhat to some rumors that
seem to have prevailed, that so far as the counsels
of that committee are concerned, everything has
been from its first organization of a most harmo*-
nious character, and that there has never been'
any, the slightest, misunderstanding between any
two members of the committee. I have therefore
to perform the duty that was requested of me by
the unanimous vote of the committee, by propos-
ing that the resignation of the Senator should not
be accepted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Having been engaged on
the Committee on Finance this morning, I neg-
lected to be in attendance upon the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I wish, therefore, to express for
myself the same desire. I think it would be a
great loss to the naval service and to our business
in that Department, if the chairman should be
permitted to resign.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not know that it remains for
me to say anything except to thank the commit-
tee, and withdraw the resignation.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILMOT presented the petition of Syl-
vester Pierce and two hundred and sixty-eight
others, citizens of Freehold, Warren county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the* abolition of slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of women of Ches-
ter county, Pennsylvania, praying for the aboli-
tion of slavery; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented three memorials of citizens
of Philadelphia, remonstrating against the passage
of a bankrupt law; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Pie also presented a memorial of citizens of
Dauphin county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
location of a national armory and foundery at
Harrisburg, in that State; which was referred to
the select committee on the subject of a national
armory.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Scott county, Iowa, praying for the passage of
a general bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS. I present three petitions nu-
merously signed, one of them headed by Horace
Greeley, praying for the speedy passage of a law
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy. I
ask that they be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HARRIS also presented three petitions of
citizens of New York, praying that the freedom
of speech and of the press shall not be abridged,
and that the New York Caucasian, and all other
Democratic papers now excluded from the mails
in all the loyal States, shall have the same privi-
leges enjoyed by Republican and abolition pa-
pers;" which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Healso presented a petition of citizens of White-
hall, Washington county, New York, praying for
the construction of a ship canal between Lake
Michigan and the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Lockport, New York, remonstrating against the
passage of the tax bill, and praying for the issue
of Treasury notes for at least one half of the
amount of our unfunded debt; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizcns of the
city of New York engaged in the distillation of
spirituous liquors, praying that the tax on spirits
may be collected where the article is first pro-
duced; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mer-
edith, Delaware county, New York, praying for
the abolition of slavery; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of women
of Wilmington, Delaware, praying that Congress
will at an early day adopt such measures as in
