656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Cris-
field] is entitled to the floor.
Mr.CRlSFIELD addressed the committee for
one hour. [His speech will be published in the
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, Sir Robert Peel
on introducing his bank bill in 1844 said, that in
in the opinion of her Majesty's Government" in-
quiry had been exhausted."
Upon no subject are the discussions fuller, or
opinions expressed in a more authoritative man-
ner, than that of the currency. Embracing the
every-day business of an important and intelli-
gent class of the community, and dealing with the
values of every man's property, men's wits have
been sharpened by their necessities, and they have
expressed themselves fully and cogently, if not
learnedly and wisely.
It is true that even the wisest have not always
reached correct conclusions. The provisions of
Sir Robert's bill, supposed by her Majesty's Gov-
ernment to be the embodiment of financial wis-
dom, were found not to work favorably in a mer-
cantile pinch, and the aid of the ministry was
invoked by the bank managers, on the first stress
in business affairs, to protect the institution and
the mercantile community from the effects of the
provisions of the charter in relation to the specie
reserve.
Following in the footsteps of all legislators upon
the subject, we are in some sort speculators in
public affairs, and our measures," rough he w them
how we will," must be submitted to the practical
operation of every-day business life, before we
can say of them that they are entirely satisfactory.
I do not know that I can add anything to the
argument in support of the measure under con-
sideration, but 1 venture to submit to the commit-
tee the process of reasoning through which 1 came
to the conclusion to give it a hearty support.
In one thing we are all agreed. We agree that
the necessity of action is upon us. It is said to
have been delayed too long already, but I think
not. It is better to have this and the cognate plan
of taxation well matured and made as perfect as
we know how before launching them. If in the
enr^ve arrive at a reasonably correct set of meas-
ures to alleviate the present distress I shall be
satisfied. Rectifying every manifest injustice
that shall be brought to our notice, it cannot be
that the process of setting apart a large portion of
the property of the country for public uses by
moans of taxation shall not work with special
hardship upon different localities. If it is impos-
sible to assess an ordinary tax upon a small city
without causing complaint of unfairness in the
levy, how small a chance must there be of com-
passing this immense job without just reason by
many to find fault witli our action. Time spent in
guarding against errors is well spent for those who
shall pay the assessments.
The problem before the committee is neither
new or complex. It has occurred times without
number to individuals, been pressed upon their
attention by necessities that would not lie post-
poned, and cach man lias been obliged to solve it
m his own way and at his own peril; and Gov-
ernments all the world over, in all ases, have been
discussing the same thing, constantly seeking the
means by which they could eke out their slender
revenues and make good awkward deficits in their
budgets.
It is certainly favorable for us that the people
of the whole country have come to demand action
in this matter of taxation. They expect and de-
sire it. They are willing to set apart a generous
portion of their earnings and their nre.umulations
for the public use. They have contributed their
sons in ample numbers to swell the ranks of our
grand Army, and now they will send after them
their money and valuables for their support. We
certainly commence our labors under favorable
auspices.
We find ourselves with the control of abundance
of property. The census presents an account of
it in billions. There are some eleven or twelve
thousand millions in the loyal States to draw from,
and staitmgwith this as a basis, even throwing
out of present account the footings of the rebef-
lious States, on« would think we could lloata debt
against this enormous mass of valuable property
for an amount sufficient for the necessities of this
Government during the war.
It is quite necessary to create a debt. We have
no means of discharging obligations already ac-
crued and those which are accumulating every day,
but to borrow.
The property of the country is nominally in our
power; but practically, the only m^ans of reach-
ing and controlling it is by taxation. This takes
time, and while we are waiting to receive the re-
turns from the tax-gatherers, we must borrow.
There are two ways of borrowing proposed. One
conforms to the mercantile idea: it claims that
the Government, like any otherdebtor in distress,
shall get the money at the market rates, issue its
bonds, and sell them for what they will bring. If
those who have money will pay par for the bonds,
well and good; if not par, then ninety, or seventy,
or fifty per cent. The mercantile idea is inexora-
ble—sell your paper for what it will bring, and
pay or fail. We are adjured to adopt this stand-
ard as the only one of high and honorable tone.
The rights of the creditor should be held sacred,
and in no event bo postponed or jeopardized, and
it is insisted that whatever fails to come up to this
high point should be discarded by those having
control of the Government finances. This is cer-
tainly easy to be understood. It is plain and
straightforward. We comprehend the rule and
the reason for it.
But we know, too, that those who urge it do not
always act upon it. We know that the dealers in
money who manage the banking institutions never
act upon the rule when their interests are not sub-
served by it. In ordinary times, when merely or-
dinary sacrifices are necessary to sustain credit
and effect prompt payment, the rule is invariable;
hut when there is a pressure the rule relents, and
the whole mercantile interest relaxes and approves
a temporary abnegation of the maxim, "pay or
fail." They do neither the one or the other. The
banks go into temporary bankruptcy, under the
easy name of suspension. They are in such con-
dition now, and, so far as I know, with the ap-
probation of the mercantile world. The New
York banks, with specie in their vaults equal to
about one third their capital and three times the
amount of their circulation, refused to pay out any
more specie because they deemed it for the inter-
ests of themselves and their customers that they
should not do so. Why they did not continue to
pay at least until they had run their specie re-
serve down to its ordinary limits half a dozen
years since, does not appear. It seems to be suf-
ficient reason to be given that they did not deem
it wise to do so.
But it is a pungent commentary upon the strin-
gent mercantile rule that it is sought to impose
upon the action "of the Government. It is like
the abusive comments of the London press upon
the suspension of specie payments by our Treas-
ury, in which they insist upon considering it a
collapse of the financial system of the Government,
when they know very well that their own Govern-
ment was successfully run for a quarter of a cen-
tuiy, m the most imporlant period ofits history,
upon paperalone, undei a chronic state of suspense
of specie payments.
Of comse the objection to this plan is the ex-
pense; acting as trustees of the property of the
country, it is our duty to protect it, as far as pos-
sible, from waste. Large Government loans cre-
ated now must be placed at enormous sacrifice.
Intelligent financiers reckon upon the sale of
Government bunds at eighty, if issued in large
amounts. We know that even the comparatively
small amount sold during the second war with
GreatBritaiu—only eighty-six millions—was pur-
chased by Girard and others at eighty and less,
and paid for in their bills, which were at a dis-
count for specie of some fifteen or twenty pel-
cent. Of course those who have money to invest
would necessaiily accumulate large sums on an
advance of funds upon the cessation of hostilities,
and in the end the labor of the country must pay
the bills, for change and shift it us you will, there
is where the burden will eventually fall. The
banker and merchant are the middle men, specu-
lators more or less adventurous in the productions
of others, and the changes thus far made in the
tariff furnish additional evidence that this is so.
We raise twenty or thirty millions of extra rev-
enue by means of our taxation of tea and coffee
and molasses and sugar—a tax which falls like a
per capita tax upon the country, the rich and poor
paying in proportion to the extent of their fam-
ilies, rather than the extent of their properties;
and unfortunately for the fairness of the tax, the
poor man's family generally increases in inverse
ratio to his other worldly possessions.
Considering, then, who is to receive the benefit
of this discount, and who is to pay, it is our part
assuredly to see to it that it is as small as pos-
sible.
Nor in refusing to adopt such a plan of raising
a revenue do we depart from the custom of na-
tions. No nation in time of stress of revenue has
adhered strictly to the mercantile rule. England,
in effect, went through her great wars upon paper
not issued by the Government but by an institu-
tion under Government control, legalizing the sus-
pension of specie payment, and authorizing an
enormous issue of irredeemable bank notes, which
were in effect,although notin terms,a legal tender.
The Russian Government called in the aid of the
paper ruble, and watched its gradual decline in
value, until finally extinguished at something less
than three for one. The French Government re-
sorted to assignats and mandats, and threw them
out in such immense volumes that they sunk by
their own weight. Our own Government in its
earlier days found paper indispensable, and it has
been seriously questioned whether we would have
got through the revolutionary war withoutitsaid.
And these are the four great nations of modern
times. The finances of other nations have a
similar-history.
The opposite extreme of the mercantile idea is
the issue of irredeemable paper in unlimited quan-
tities. This has been done in former times under
a mistaken impression of the power of Govern-
ment. The most eminent examples, and those
which aie held up in terrorem most frequently in
the discussion of the present action of Govern-
ment, are found in the revolutionary paper of the
Continental Congress, and, at a later time, of the
French Assembly, in 1792-94. Both assemblies
were newly possessed of power, and were dis-
posed to set no limits to their authority. They
resolved and voted as if all human action was
under the control of legislative enactment. And
yet the history of both transactions shows how
little danger there is in the issue authorized by
this bill.
The issue of Continental notes began in June,
1775, and up to April, 1777, $20,000,000 had been
thrown out, besides a large amount of similar cur-
rency by the States, and yet at that time no marked
signs of depreciation had made their appearance.
Our population at that time was but about two and
a half millions. Of the valuation then or since,
until 1850, there is no record, and few estimates.
But basing an estimate upon the proportionate
increase of population and wealth since, the val-
uation at that time could hardly have exceeded five
or six hundred millions. And this small popula-
tion, poor and engaged in a war with a foreign
nation of the first magnitude, carricd notes to this
amount without sensible dccline.
It was only when the issue of paper bore an
enormous disproportion to the means of payment
that it depreciated. It could not be expected that
a revolutionary Government could issue two hun-
dred millions of bills without basis other than the
voluntary contributions of States, over which the
Government had no control, and give them cur-
rency. The only wonder is that there was so much
vitality m the paper and it maintained its position
so long as it did. It is reckoned that the cost of the
revolutionary war was about a hundred and sev-
enty millions of dollars, of which two thirds were
raised by the Continental Congress, and the pres-
entGovernment finally assumed about forty-four
millions of it. This enormous sum, equal to per-
haps twelve or fifteen times that sum for this Gov-
ernment at this time, was raised in several different
ways. The most fruitful source of revenue was
the notes, and as they depreciated and went out
of existence gradually and the increasingdiscount
was spread over so many interests and Ideali-
ties, it was perhaps as equitable as the ordinary
methods of taxation. Besides this, there was tax-
ation of various kinds ill the States, borrowing in
Europe, and running in debt by taking property
and giving certificates of indebtedness. There
were other schemes, such as lotteries and taking
property in kind, but they yielded small sums.
The great resource was paper, and the history
