2638.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
1 Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to have the Pa-
cific railroad bill discussed. I postponed it yes-
terday, until one o'clock to-day. The day has
been exhausted without my being able to call it
up. Now, I ask the Senate—and I think the re-
quest one that I have a right to make—to make
it the special order for one o'clock to-morrow, and
I make that motion.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the bill will not be taken
up merely for the purpose of making it a special
order. We can take it up to-morrow morning
just as well, if we have nothing particular to do,
without making it a special order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall not urge it, ex-
cept with due consideration. I shall not hurry
the bill. It must be a special order, however, or
it never wilt be considered by the Senate during
the present session of Congress.
Mr. CLARK. I do not agree to that, because
it requires two thirds to make it a special order;
and if two thirds can be found to make it a special
order, there certainly will be enough to take it up
when the Senator wants to have it come up at any
convenient time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. X have not yet been able
to get the floor to call it up. I have tried for thirty
or forty days to get an opportunity to explain
some preliminaries, but have not been able to get
the floor.
Mr. CLARK. It will be remembered that this
bill was up yesterday, and there was some sug-
gestion that it should be made the special order
for this morning atone o'clock. I want to call
the attention of Senators to what would have been
the progress of business if we had done so. When
one o'clock came this morning we had undercon-
sideration the agricultural college bill. If the Pa-
cifi railroad bill had been made a special order, it
would have displaced that, and so we should have
had to postpone it to some other time; but there
being no special order, we were enabled to go on
and dispose of that bill entirely. Wc have, there-
fore, madegood progress to-day. Now, if at one
o'clock to-morrow there is nothing in the way,
the Senator will have no difficulty in calling up
the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. LATHAM. But there will be a scramble
before one o'clock to get up some other bill, and
of course that will have priority at one o'clock,
if there is no special order, and then the friends
of this measure, as with the agricultural bill to-
day, may not wish to interfere with it, but let it
be disposed of.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have yielded to all
these mcasui%s when I had the right, I think, to
demand a hearing before.
Mi*. CLARK. I do not know but the gentle-
man may have yielded; but certainly he has made
no effort to take up that bill and go on with its
discussion at any time that I am aware of, ex-
cept some month or two ago; 1 mean that since
it was last reported in its amended form and
printed it has not been moved by the Senator.
My objection is to making it a special order, and
putting it in the way of all other business. I am
ready to act with the gentleman to take it up at
a proper and convenient moment, at half past
twelve o'clock,or one o'clock, whenever he wants
to take it up; but I do object to a special time
being fixed,cutting off everything else and giving
rise to a debate as to the order of business. I
think it has been the experience of all of us since
we have adopted the rule requiring two thirds for
fixing a special order that we havegotalongwith
less debate upon the subject of order and the or-
der of business than we did before, and I think
we had better adhere to it.
Mr. WADE. I was a member of the special
committee on the Pacific railroad bill. From my
experience here, I would rather, if I had a propo-
sition that I wanted to carry through, let it lie
where 1 could get at it when I got a chance, than
have it made a special order, for that interferes
with other business. Now, if the Senator will
let it lie over, I will endeavor with him to seize
the proper opportunity to take it up and press it
it through, and I think we can do it to-mor-
row.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Ohio
will allow me to say one thing. He will remem-
ber very well that by his own advice 1 came in to
move it some time ago. I came in then to explain
some matters of business by way of advising Sen-
ators who had not studied the subject specially.
I was not allowed the floor. The bill was not
read through. I desire that the matter may be
considered by the Senate. As chairman of the
committee, I have tried for thirty or forty days to
get a hearing upon some leading propositions in-
volved in the bill, and having thus far failed to
secure it, I now seek to make it a special order,
and I shall insist upon the motion I have made.
I ask the Senator from Ohio to consider that no
one has been able to say anything about the bill
reported from this committee months ago.
Mr. WADE. I believe the committee are all
agreed on the provisions of the bill, and pretty
much all agree that we will use all the influence
we have to get it up and to put it through, i think
as there are seven of us, we shall be very apt to
get the floor, if we have it open where we can
reach it at a proper time, and we ought to let it
lie over for the present.
Mr. CLARK. I simply desire to say to the
Senator fiom California, as it is evident now that
he desires to make some remarks upon the bill 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I said so in my placo in
the Senate when I reported the bill from the com-,
mittee. I said that I wanted to explain it, and
state the general principles of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to say to the Senator,
that having indicated that desire, there will be no
difficulty in the world in his obtaining an oppor-
tunity. The Senate will yield him an opportunity
to make a speech at any time on that bill, when
it is not paiticuiarly engaged.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to say to the
Senator from New Hampshire that I do not want
to make a speech. I want to explain the bill.
Mr. CLARK. Well, the Senator can have an
opportunity to do that at any time he desires.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator will withdraw his motion; he can call up
his bill to-morrow. I want to take up a bill now.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well; I will with-
draw the motion.
AMENDMENT OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up Senate bill No. 329, to amend an act ap-
proved September 18,1850, entitled "An act to
amend and supplementary to the actentitled 'An
act respecting fugitives from justice, and persons
escaping from the service of their masters;' " ap-
proved February 12, 1793.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 25, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Drowning, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, Doohttlo, Fesscnden, Foot, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe. King, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Pomoroy, Simmons, Sumnet, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, \Vack-, anil Wilson of Massachusetts—25.
NAYS—Mevsrs Carlile, DavU, Latham, McDougall,
Nejmith, Powell, Saulsbury, Stark, Willey, and Wiight
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, and then will be open to amendment.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The purpose nfthe bill is to secure to persons
claimed as fugitives from service or labor in one
State a right to a trial by jury in the district court
of the United States for the district in which they
may be, the proceedings to be the same as on an
indictment, subject to a writ of error from the cir-
cuit court and from the Supreme Court, as pro-
vided in the judiciary act of 1789. It icquiics a j
pcison making such a claim to prove satisfac- i
torily, in the first instance, that he is loyal to the
Government, and has not in any manner aided
the rebellion. It repeals that, part of section five
of the act of September 18, 1850, which author-
izes the summoning of the posse comitatus, and
repeals sections six, seven, eight, nine, and ten of
that act. When a warrant is made out for the
return of a fugitive upon the verdict of a jury, or
upou his own confession made to the judge or
commissioner in the presence of his counsel, he
having first been warned of his rights, and the na-
ture of the proceeding being explained to him, the
fugitive is to be surrendered to the claimant, or,
if the court deems it necessary, the marshal is to !
remove him to the boundary line of the district, ■
and there deliver linn to the claimant. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. That seems to be a long j
bill. 1 see no occasion for reading it through. !
There is manifestly no quorum here. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 10, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table the bill (H. R. No. 413) returned
from the Senate with a message insisting upon
their amendments, and asking a committee of con-,
ference, in order that a committee of conference
may be appointed.
No objection being made, the bill (H.R.No.
413) making appropriations for the payment of
bounties authorized by the sixth section of the
act entitled "An act to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and
protecting public property," approved July 22,
1861, and forother purposes, was taken from the
Speaker's table for consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the House insist upon its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, and that a committee
of conference be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Morrill of Vermont, Mr. ooell,and Mr. Ed-
wards, as such committee upon the part of the
House.
FRAUDULENT CONTRACTORS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill to punish fraudulent con-
tractors for supplies to the Government; which
was recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordeied to be printed.
PRINTING OF PAPERS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have printed some corre-
spondence between the Danish minister and the
Secietary of State.
No objection being made, the papers were
ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYMENT OF CONVICTS.
On motion of Mr. DELANO, the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 86) regulating the employment of
convicts in the penitentiary, in the District of Co-
lumbia, for their improvement and benefit, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
LOSSES BY LOYAL CITIZENS, ETC. .
The regular order of business being called for, *
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (HE. R. No. 401) relating to
the claims for the loss and destruction of prop-
erty belonging to loyal citizens, and damages
thereto by the troops of the United States, during
the present rebellion, on which the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Webster] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. WALTON. With the consentof the gen-
tleman from Maryland, I propose to move that
this special order be postponed until Thursday
week, after the morning hour. I do so for the
reason that the chairman of the Committee of
Claims, [Mr. Fenton,] who reported this bill,
and who has it specially in charge, is absent on
account of sickness in his family. Courtesy re-
quites that the consideration of the bill should be
postponed.
Mr. HOLMAN. The committee which re-
ported that bill has undoubtedly had under con-
sideration the question as to the time when the
bill could be considered. I presume the friends
of the measure will not object to the earliest day.
I would therefore suggest next Monday as the
day to which its consideration should be post-
poned.
Mr. NOELL. I hope not; it is uncertain
whether Mr. Webster will be back before that
time, and, besides, it may interfere with other
matters.
