158
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 19,
3Yth Com...2d Sess.
Postal Reform—Mr. HutcMns.
Ho. of Reps.
G—The «*m« articles as tile last named, but sent in pack-
ages weighing over eight ounces each.
H—CareK Wank or printed, and blanks, (no law or pro-
vision whatever i'or their transmission by mail, 111
packages weighing lessthanelglif ounces,unleBsthey
conic under the head of some {< article ot printed
matter," and chargeable with postage at one cent
each piece, but it,) in packages weighing eight ounces
or over, and sent not over 1.500 miles, are charged
as below.
I—The same, sent over 1,500 miles.
Weight.
Ounces.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
A.
1*.
C.
Cts.
D.
E.
G.
II.
Cts.
I.
Cts.
XUTES PROPOSED IN Till! PRESENT BILL.
Postage per quarter on regular newspapet s and periodicals.
Weight
per No.
i. —
V a
c c
o s
«
Twice
j a month. ii
Oncea weekjj
G ^5
O CJ
E-f
.£
t- ?
5 «<
rt
S «
X •"*
w
Seven times;
a week, j
Not over 4
Cents.
Cents.
Cents.' Cents
Cents.
Centi.
Cents
ounces.
3
G
f>
10
15
30
35
4 to 8 ozs.
6
12
10
20
30
60
70
Postage on transient ■printed master.
All packages of every description of transient printed mat-
ter, newspapers, perlodlcala,pamphlets, pictures,(on 1 oilers
or otherwise,) paintings seeds}, cutting*!, paper, envelopes,
stationery, books in manuscript, printed, or blank, or any
mixture of iho three, essays, and liteinry documents :
Cents.
Weighing not to cxcced four ounces...,  2
Weighing four to eight ounecs  4
Weighing eight to sixteen ounces   8
JBaeb hull' pound or fraction of a half pound after the
first pound    4
Comparison of the preseiU with-Ike proposcdrates of postage.
Present. Proposed.
Number of regular rates on letters  3 1
Number of"extra" chargeson letters.... 5 None.
Number of rates on transient punted mat-
ter up to four pound*.  384 {)
Rates, payable quarterly, on tegular news-
papers and periodical-*, up to eight ouuees, 49 14
The immense gain in simplicity and convenience
by the few rates proposed in place of the almost
infinitesimal number, with numerous fractions,
comprisedm the present rates, will be apparent at
a glance. The average rates on printed matter in
the bill under discussion areas high, or higher,
than our present rates. 1 am thoroughly con-
vinced that more revenue will be realized by the
rates provided in this bill than by the rales now
charged,and therefore,as a financial measure, this
bill, or one like it, would be a success. It will
doubtless be said that more letters would be sent
by mail on which the Government would realize
three cents than drop letters, circulars, &e., on
which only one cent is now charged, and conse-
quently there will be more lost than gained by the
adoption of the new rates. This would be true
if just the same number of letters and circulate,
drop letters, &c., should be sent under the equal-
ized rates as under the present rates, This would
not be the ease. Just how much the number of
letters will be increased under the two-cent rate,
and how much the number of drop letters and
circulars will be increased or decreased, with the
efficient and convenient mail delivery contem-
plated in this biii, we cannot tell by any process
of reasoning we may adopt. Experience under
the change must settle that question.
I am firm in the belief Unit the number of mail
and drop letters will be largely increased under
the rates proposed by this bill, and I will soon
five substantial reasons for the faith that is in me.
wish to show the fallacies of the argument that
the equalization of rates nf postage or a reduction
of the rates of postage will necessarily decrease
the postal revenue. I admit as a mathematical
truth that the same number of letters at three cents
will produce more revenue than the same number
of letters at two cents; and it is equally clear, that
the same number of letters at fifty cents will pro-
duce much more revenue than the same number
at three cents; therefore, I suppose if the present
rate were fifty cents, and it-were proposed to re-
duce the rate to three cents, the advocates for the
old rate, (and there would be some in and out ot
Congress,) on the score of revenue, would have a
conclusive argument against the reduction 1 This
would not be a practical and business-like view
of the question and still there are somS who would
act upon it.
Suppose the proprietors of the leading daily
newspapers in our cities should all act upon the
fact that one hundred thousand copies of their
papers, at four cents, would produce double the
revenue that the same number of copies would at
two cents, and should put their papers up at four
cents, how much would they make by the change ?
There is a rate of cheapness or standard of prices
that all kinds of business must adopt with a view
to profit. In theory; it is difficult, yes, impossi-
ble to fix it. Experience must be our arbiter and
guide in postal as well as other business matters.
No man can, with a show of reason, assume that
three cents is the lowest rate at which letters can
be carried with a view to profit; and no one con-
tends that the Post Office Department should be
a source of revenue. It is an unwise mode of
taxation. It would be a tax on knowledge; a tax
on the affections; a tax on energy; a tax on enter-
prise, and on every business in the country; a tax
that would retard rather than promote national
development.
The history of the British postal system is full
of instruction upon the subject under discussion.
The features of that system were substantially the
same from the reign of Q,ueen Anne to the advent
of Rowland Hill, with a few changes and modifi-
cations in rates. It is worthy of remark that all
of the prominent and salutary reforms introduced
were by persons not officially connected with the
Government or with the post office department,
and against the opinion and remonstrance of post
office officials.. Local letter delivery in cities was
introduced by an enterprising private citizen named
Dockwra, who was unnoticed by Government
until it found he was accommodating the public
and making money by the operation. The mail
coach, which added immensely to the postal rev-
enues and postal facilities of England, was intro-
duced by the energy of Mr. John Palmer, in no
way connected with the post office department,
hut the manager of the Bath theater, the primary
object being to prevent robberies of the mails.
When Mr. Palmer suggested that by " building
mail coaches ofa construction expressly adapted to
run at good speed, by horsing them liberally, and
attaching an armed guard to each coach, the public
would be greatly benefited, and the post office rev-
enue considerably increased," one official person
expressed his regret " that the author of the plan
should not first have been informed of the nature
of the business," and boldly asserted that " the
constant endeavors which have long been directed
| towards the improvement in postal affairs in all
I situations,and underall circumstances, have made
j them now almost as perfectasean be, without ex-
, hausting the revenues arising therefrom." One
other equally wise official asserted that " the
method, if adopted, will fling the whole commer-
cial correspondence of the country into confusion,
and will justly raise such a clamor as the post-
master will not he able to appease " Mr. Pal-
mer's mail coach system was adopted in August
1784. In the following year Mr. Palmer, m writ-
ing to Mr, Pitt, said: " In the progress of this
business I have had every possible opposition
from the office." The net revenue in 1784 was
§980,000. In 1808, under Mr. Palmer's reform,
it had increased to §5,500,000.
The lates of postage in England on letters be-
j fore the adoption of the uniform charge of a pen-
1 ny, wer.e from twopence to one shilling and four-
! pence sterling; or an average of about sixpence
] sterling, or twelve cents in United States currency,
j The argument by which the eminent English post
. office reformer demonstrated that this uniform rate
for all distances would be most likely to succeed m
point of revenue and convenience, will be found
at length in Rowland Hill's pamphlets on "Postal
Reform," and in the article " Post Office," in the
Encyclopedia Britannica, eighth edition, volume
eighteen, a comprehensive and able essay written
by Edward Edwards, Esq., of Manchester, a
learned bibliopolist apd writer on political econ-
omy. As usual, this great reform which has been
so successful as a revenue measure, and which has
conferred upon the British people such incalcula-
ble benefits, was strenuously opposed by post
office officials and Government functionaries. Lord
Lichfield, then postmaster general, said m the
House of Lords, " of all the wild and visionary
schemes which I have ever heard of, it is the
most extravagant." On another occasion he said,
speaking of the anticipated increase of letters,
" the mails will have to carry twelve times as
much in weight, and therefore the charge for trans-
mission, instead of <£100,000 as now, must be
twelve times this amount. The walls of the post
office would burst; the whole area in which the
building stands would not be large enough to re-
ceive the clerks and letters." Notwithstanding all
such official croaking, Parliament, in 1838, ap-
pointed a select committee which had about sev-
enty sittings and examined eighty-three witnesses,
in addition to the officers of the department. 1
make the following extract from this report:
" The principal points which appear to your committee
to havo been established in evidence are the following:
"1. The exceedingly slow advance and occasionally
retiograde movements of the po t office revenue during the
l.i t twenty years.
"2. The tact of the charge of postage exceeding the cost
in a manifold piopoition.
<•3. The fact of postage being evaded most extensively
by all classes of society, and of eoiiesponderice being sup-
pressed, more especially among the middle and wotking
classes of the people, and this in consequence, as all the
witnesses, including many of the po?t office authorities,
think, ol the excessively high scale of taxation.
"4. The fact of very injutiou-* effects lesulting fiom this
state of things to commeice and industry of the countiy,
and to the social habits and moral condition of the people.
"5. The fact, as far as conclusions can be diawn from
veiy imperfect data, that whenever, on former occasions,
laige ieductions in the rates have been made, these reduc-
tions have been followed m short periods of time by an ex-
tension of correspondence propoiuonate to the contiaction
of the rates. And as matters of inference from fact and
opinion—
<kl. That the only remedies, for the evils above stated,
are a reduction ot the rates, and the establishment of addi-
tional deliveries and more frequent dispatches of letters.
"2. That, owing to the rapid extension of railroads, there
is an urgent and daily increasing necessity for making such
changes.
•'3. That any moderate i eduction m the rates would oc-
casion loss to the revenue without in any material degree
diminishing the present amount of letters iiregularly con-
veyed, or giving ri-sc to the gunvth of new correspondence.
l'4. That the principle ot alow and uniform late is just
in itself: and when combined with prepayment and collec-
tion by means of a stamp, would be exceedingly convenient
and satisfactory to the public."
Rowland Hill's postal reform measure was car-
ried m the House of Commons by a majority of
one hundred, and became a law on the i7th day
of August, 3839. The officers whose duty it was
to carry into execution this measure, in the lan-
guage of the then Chancellor of the Exchequer
(Mr. Baring) were,<{ un willing horses," and Col-
onel Maberly, in his testimony before the postage
committee of 1843, stated:
3\Tv constant language to the heads of the departments*
was: this plan we know will fail.53
This official was so stupid as to add:
" After the first week it was evident that the number of
letters beingso much bclowMr. IIilTs anticipations, that it
muht fail, inasmuch as it wholly rested upon the number of
letters; for without that you could not possibly collect the
revenue anticipated."
Mr. Hill's plan, during the first two years of
its trial had to contend against unfriendly offi-
cials and a period of great commercial depres-
sion. An English writer sums up the result of
the first two years, in the following language:
" 1. The chargeable letters delivered m the United King-
dom, exclusive of that pait of the Government coirespond-
ence which theretofore passed tree, hud alteady incj eased
from the rate oi about 75,000,000 a year to that ot 5208,000,000.
"2. The London district post letters had increased irom
about 13,000,000 to 23,000,000, or nearly ju the ratio of the
redaction of the lates.
"3. The illicit conveyance of letters was substantially
supptessed.
" 4. The gross revenue, exclusive of repayments, yielded
about a million and a half per annum, which was sixty-
three percent on the amount of the gross revenue in 185®,
