1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
amendment to the original resolution. I will not
say that the resolution, as I presented it, is in the
most perfect form. Perhaps it may contain too
many particular interrogations; but the substance,
purport, and object of it are justifiable, and will
stand justified forever. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts asks that we shall inquire of the Pres-
ident; and what will the President do? He will
send and inquire, in the regular course of busi-
ness, of the Secretary of War. Js it customary
for us to inquire of the Chief Magistrate as to
business which belongs to a particular Depart-
ment? It is not customary, and the President is
charged with a burden he cannot answer; he has
not the papers; he has not charge of the facts. It
is the business of the Secretary, so acknowledged
and received.
I had occasion to speak yesterday of old Eng-
land, or, I should rather say Great Biitain, for I
prefer to unite the English and the Scotch clans.
Suppose we were in the Parliamentof Great Brit-
ain, and a question of this kind was raised by any
member of the House of Commons, and the in-
terrogatory was put to the Government—there,
under their system, the Government is represented
on the floor—would theie be any one so bold, any
officer of the English Government, from the chan-
cclior to the lowest representative in the Com-
mons, any person who spoke by authority, who
would dare to deny or to i efuse to answer the in-
terrogatories that have been asked here for not
fifty—I was wrong in that—but eighty days? I
have sought through all the channels of inform-
ation to have these inquiries answered, and 1 ask
it now. But is there anybody here who repre-
sents theGovernmentin this matter? No. They
do not come here to speak boldly and with free
tongue of and about what the Government do. It
is sometimes said—but rarely, and then only for
grave cause—when a member of the House of
Commons or a lord, asks a question, " this can-
not be answered, bccausc it is inconsistent with
the public service;" but it never has been done in
history for any cause that can he assigned here.
This is a question simply of the impnsonment of
a citizen and a soldier, subject either to civil or
to military law. The inquiry is by whom and
wherefore has he been seized and incarcerated—
simple questions both; easily answered both; their
answers can do no wrong, except in the wrong
that has been done andlhe acknowledgment; and
here let me say that he who does the penitent of-
fice of confession, comes nearer heaven than he
who, burdened with the wrong, yet bears it on his
shoulders; and bearing it, must go downward—
yea, and according to all the jaw we have learned,
will continue downward until he goes into the
jaws of hell. It has been said by one of the great
men of our country, by no less a man than Mr.
Webster, the greatest man of our time, that con-
fession was suicide, and suicide was confession;
and it may be that the admission of tiiis thing
would be equivalent to that. I say that all this
concealment, all this darkness, is the result of
fear, coward fear.
But, sir, there has been some result from this
discussion. For eighty days we have been grop-
ing about in darkness; only rumor said who was
the maligner or who was the accuser, if the accu-
sation be just; but now 1 do learn that there have
been accusets. I did not know it when I rose in
my place yesteiday. I said that I had heard iu-
mois, intimations that committees of this Senate
had made inquiries and examined witnesses, but
I could not learn the fact, and I understood that
the fact was ignored, and for sometime m the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio it was ignored;
but at last the fact came out—one of the tacts which
I sought to develop, which General Stone has
sought to develop, and which his friends have
sought to develop—the fact that this had been a
matter of inquisition; that the committee on the
conduct of the war had inquired into these things,
that they had taken testimony and reported it to
the Executive, and that they thought it was prob-
able cause. Ah, have we fallen so low, have we
become so less than a Senate or a council of a
great people, that it has become necessary that
Senators, men of counsel, men to frame and estab-
lish laws, men who are to take the lights of all
past history and examine all that can be taught or
learned from the recoids of many ages and many
prosperous and now fallen States, that they may
be ablp to maintain and develop a great nation,
should convert themselves into organized systems
of police scrvice, with committees traversing the
land and bringing in ex parte witnesses, and ascer-
taining from persons favorable to the conclusion
they sought that there was probable cause of crime ?
Had not these persons better engage cither in the
business of detecting thieves and robbers in some
other sphere, or in playing the magistrate's part
of inquiring and committing until the next term ?
If there has been a degrading feature of our pro-
ceedings here, not merely now, but for some years
'past, it is this sending of Senators and Represent-
atives, who have to do with legislation, about the
country inquiring into what should be done by
police magistrates and officials and their subordi-
nates. Let me make a single remark of my own
knowledge with regard to this kind of investiga-
tions here. I come from the coast of the Pacific.
A large number of gentlemen fiom the Pacific
have been connected with war business at St. Louis
under General Fremont. General Fremontis no
favorite of mine, nor are his surroundings; but I
was approached, not by Senators, (for I do not
propose to be challenged,) but by men who were
seeking information, as to whether I knewA,B,
and C ? Said 1, " Very well; I have known them
for many years." I knew all about them; knew
where they came from before they reached my
coast. I inquired, " Is there anything that you
want to l<\irnr" "Well; the character of those
gentlemen is being examined before an investiga-
ting committee, and we should like to know what
you think of them; we suppose you do not like
them." Because I was a Democrat and they were
Republicans, it was supposed that 1 would be
disposed to "jump down" upon them. Probably
something in my countenance, or in my voice,
intimated a different inclination or impression,
from which the conclusion followed that I would
not be of any use, for I was sought after as an
adversary. 1 do not say that Senators go out to
hunt up witnesses with a view to particular re-
sults; but outsiders do. That is the way your in-
vestigations are carried on, with none of the guards
that belong to the lowest magistrate's court, none
; of the piotection, and, 1 may say, none of the
justice administered in England and in our land
in former days.
The gentleman from Ohio intended to be special
in his reply to me. I have sought his good will:
I have always expressed myself to him with great
kindness; 1 have had for him, I may say, quite
high consideration; but let me tell him that the
motto of his family in old times was a good, a
brave old motto, just as they called him u brave
Ben Wade"—" we wade m;"and the only ques-
tion about the sufficiency of that motto was that
they could not swim when they got in deep wa-
ter. I am afraid that may be so, even with the
Senator fiom Ohio. Now, I am not going to reply
so much to the gentleman from Ohio as to state
myself, for he has undertaken to rank me with
traitors and those who sympathize with treason.
All such shots are. hardly sufficient to invite re-
sistance; they fall as harmless upon me as would
leaden rifle balls on the sides of the Monitor; but
that I may be understood,because I speak for the
truth, I will state my position on this question of
being a sympathizer with treason !
1 was not the advocate of the present Chief
Magistiate, whom 1 in all respects honor; but oc-
cupying a different position, I took occasion to
say some things in the opening presidential can-
vass which I will repeat now, that they may be
heard here, and I will inquire whether the gen-
tleman can trace a patriotic record up any better
than I. Fie may a better partisan one. 1 had oc-
casion at the first meeting convened in San Fran-
cisco in the presidential campaign to address my
fellow-citizens, and give them what opinions I
entertained with the force with which I was able
to express them, and I said then, on the 18th of
July, I860, nearly two years ago:
Wii have all heatd of the abolition, disunion speech
Wendell Phillip-? was pet nutted to make in Brooklyn, after
vainly attempting to find some place in the metiopohtan
( ity uf New Yoik. in which to picach treason. Wo have
all henid bv telejuaph of the brilliant and eloquent speech
made by William L. Yarieey, before tiie &ecedin£ conven-
tion at'BaltiiiK^e. While the dh>un,iom<ts of the Noith
could not obtain a heat in<? m a gieat noi thorn city, we find
the ditiuuonMs ol the fcouth applauued to the echo in the
city ot Baltimore, and in what men daie to call a Demo-
(latio convention. Of that scceding convention William
L. Yancey was the great captain and leader."
I then read to the people Yancey's letter to Mr.
Slaughter, dated Montgomery, June 15,1858,and
further said:
I pionounce the author of that letter a traitor, a deep-
dyed, black-hearted traitor j not bold and open in the trea-
son, like Wendell Phillips or John Brown j but a traitor of
the Italian, of Machiavellian school, contriving covertly,
by disguise and stratagem, to work the dismemberment of
ot the Republic."
With these remarks 1 aided in opening the last
presidential contest. Shortly after the proclama-
tion of the President reached the Pacific coast, I
had occasion to address my fellow-citizens, and I
choose now here in the Senate and before the coun-
try to put what I said,sothatevenignoranceshaIl
not be misinformed:
" The supposed want of power in our system has been
the hope of traitors; and their opinion?, seemed justified by
the treachery of the late Chief Magistiate, James Duchanan.
May his name he foiever cxeciated! Our system was
framed expressly to guard against the consequences of such
evils. A tiaitor cannot succeed a tiaitor. Presidential
traitors have no power of generation.
" ThepicsentPiesidentof the United States is no traitor.
I know him well. Fie is not, he never was of my political
faith; but I know him to be an upright, tiue man, a lover
of hi  country, a sineeie patriot, with too much manly firm-
ness to sin ink fiom any duty imposed upon him by the Con-
stitution and the laws. Since the commencement of his
Administration he has not had either the tune or opportu-
nity, by his own direct act, to test the sufficiency ot the
Government for this crisis. But what the President, as the
head of the Government, has not been able to do, the peo-
ple, who are tin; Government, have done. Moneyiii argo-
sies has been placed at his disposal, uncalled for legions of
armed men have been placed Mibjeet to his command. He
has in bih hands to-day the povve'i to crush out, if he has
not already ciu^hed out, rebellion.
" What though Abraham Lincoln was the candidate of
the Republicaifparty ; he is the constitutional President of
the United States of Noith America. He is the head of my
Government lie is my President, and I am a loyal citizen.
I believe he will do his duty to you and me, to the Ameii-
can people, to himself, and to bis high office; and I say it
i-> the duty of all tiue patriots to sustain Inm, and through
him, the (Jontitution and the Union, in the day of fiercest
mal."
The record I then made I have maintained in
all places—on the shores of the Pacific and in this
Hall, at the feastand at the council table. Traitor!
Who is traitoi ? He who assaults his Govern-
ment, to which lie has sworn allegiance by many
repeated oaths? All will respond, yes. What is
a government, a free government? It is a com-
pact, an agreement among a body of men that
they shall be ruled in a certain manner, and they
surrender certain powers and invest certain au-
thorities for their common good. In free insti-
tutions the government is in the compact, and the
men who fill office are only the physical repre-
sentatives of the great idea which is the fact; its
strength, its power, rests in the hearts and nunds
of men. If I am understood, government is not
the man President, but the law for the President,
permitting him to represent a certain power by
and according to law. It is not the men Senators,
it is the provision by law that there shall be Sen-
ators, peimitting them to act subject to law. It
is not the men judges, but the compact that con-
sents to judges, and determines and agrees that as
these judges shall act by that compact they may
act. This is government, the compact, the un-
deistanding between men, free men, voluntarily
agreeing to subject themselves to power, limited,
constitutional power. Now, who can be denom-
inated a tiaitor? He who assaults that Govern-
ment, and that Government is the Constitution.
The Senator from Ohio, I have no doubt, having
well considered what he was about to say, for he
was eager for the fight, did say as he is reported
—I did not hear him, I speak from the official re-
port—thus:
" Sn\ the man who invokes the Constitution in forbear-
ance <>l the law to punish iraitors is himself a sympathizer."
Is that ignoring the Constitution to any extent,
and, if so, to whatextent? 1 have learned in some
years of mingling among men, and in the main-
tenance of individual rights in my office as coun-
sel, that the duty of all Governments is toprovide
that every right a man has shall be maintained,
no matter who he may be. Though he be the
vilest sinner in the land, the Constitution is his
shield—the law is his shield, as well as the Gov-
ernment. Now, observe the language of tin Sen-
ator from Ohio; he is replying to me; I am the
subject of his discourse:
'* Theie never was a man yet who stood up in this Sen-
ate, liom the tune when Mi. Breckinridge preached d uly
in tavoi ot constitutional guaiantees until now, and m'i up
constitutional bainers against punishment foi treason, but
what is in his inneimost heait of heaits a traitor.5'
By which he means your humble servant. I
