1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Missouri to say that next Thursday
week is the earliest day on which this matter can
be considered ?
. Mr. NOELL, Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I withdraw my motion.
Air. vv Alton's motion was then agreed tof(ind
the special order was postponed until a week
from Thursday next.
INDIAN AGENTS IN NEW MEXICO.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the unfinished business of yesterday, being bill of
the House (No. 516) to provide for the appoint-
mentof Indian agents in New Mexico, the pend-
ing question being upon the motion of Mr. F. A.
Conkling to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I wish to state that
my reason lor moving a reconsideration was to
obtain an opportunity to move to strike out the
provision for the appointment of an agent for the
Southern Comanches, to reside in the Territory
of New Mexico. By reference to the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Alfairs, embodied in
the last annual report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, I find that the Comanches are in a state of
active hostility against the United States authori-
ties, and against the people of New Mexico. It
occurs to me that what we require is, not the ap-
pointment of an agent for those Indians, but the
interposition of the military power. Such, sub-
stantially, is the opinion of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. He says:
"The condition of our relations with many of thetiibes
of the superintendency of New Mexico demands the earli-
est practical intei position of the military forco of the Gov-
ernment, not only to preserve the lives and possessions of
our resident citizens, but also to reduce the hostile tribes to
subjection, punish them for the baibarous atioeitie^ they
ale continually committing; and, in addition to this, to
repel rebel invaders tioin Texas 011 the south, and the
Comanches on the east.
Arid he adds:
" In many parts of the Territory our agents are driven
from the agencies, and thus all present control is lost, and
the Indians lelt to the unrestrained commission of their
depredations."
From this statement, I think it will be apparent
to the House that what is needed at this time is
not the appointment of an agent for these roving
bands, who differ from nearly all other tribes upon
the western frontier in having no fixed habita-
tions, but that they be first reduced to subjection
by the military arm of the Government. I may
add that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs urges
in his report that reservations be provided for the
Comanches, and also for the Apaches and theNa-
vajoes, in order that they may be brought under
like regulations with the other Indian tribes. In
view, then, of the fact that the Southern Coman-
ches have no actual residence, no abiding place in
the Territory of New Mexico, I have made the
motion to reconsider the vote ordering the bill to
a third reading. I hope the motion will prevail.
Mr. WATTS. In reply to the suggestion of
the gentleman from New York, I desire to say
that in another portion of his report the superiu-
tendentof Indian affairs in New Mexico specially
alludes to the case of these Comanches, and de-
sires that an Indian agent shall be appointed for
them. He says:
"The Comanches continue to encroach upon our east-
ern borders, and have occasioned considerable joss to the
citizens in that section. In May Jast it was thought advis-
ablo^to hold a council with them. For this puipo>e Cap-
tain Wainwnght, of the United States Army, and myself,
met their principal chiefs at Aleno Gordo, some eighty miles
east of the settlements. At tins interview a three mouths'
tiuce was agreed upon. One of the conditions imposed upon
them was, that none oftheir people should visit or intrude
upon the settlements during the continuance of the truce.
This promise, however, was very soon violated. A paity :
of Indians, with several chiefs, leturncd to the settlements
and commenced a destructive assault upon the heid.> ol the !
citizens. A detachment of troops was sent against them, I
who diove them back, killing several and wounding otheis! I
nice then they have not returned. A short tune since they j
sent in a messensrei asking for another interview, which j
will be granted it a suitable time for the meeting can be j
auanged.
UI have seveial tunesuiged the appomtmentofan agent '
for this band of Comanches, and unless it is done the set- I
tleinents will remain insecure." j
I agree with the gentleman from New York as j
to the necessity of having a military force to elms- j
tise these Indians. It is perfectly true that they J
ought to be chastised, anu that there ought to be j
a military force to reduce them to subjection; but j
at the same time there ought to bea special agent I
2639
to^ look after them, and see that they are treated
with humanity and judgment. That is the object
of having these Indian agents appointed. The
condition of the country has materially^changed
^e report of the Commissioner of Indian
A/fairs was made. At that time we were not only
harassed by Indians, but overrun by Texan
rangers and confederate troops. We have since
been, to a great extent, relieved from the presence
of confederate troops. Disgraced and defeated,
they have been driven from our borders; the Ter-
ritory is now free, and we can turn our attention
to the reestablishment of friendly relations with
the Indians. It is necessary, to this end, that the
civil machinery shodld be put into successful
operation. New Mexico, in proportion to the
number of Indians within her borders, has fewer
Indian agents than any Territory of the United
States. We have a population of ninety-three
thousand, of whom forty-one thousand are In-
dians, more than double the number of Indians
in the State of Oregon and the Territory of Wash-
ington. We have been so far away that no one
has known or cared anything about us.
Now, sir, with this brief explanation, let me say
that this bill has been reported unanimously by
the appropriate committee, and is recommended
by the Interior Department, which has the exclu-
sive control and management of Indian affairs. I
do not think there can be any serious opposition
to the passage of the bill; and I hope the motion
to reconsider will not prevail.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire if
there is any evidence in the possession of the
Committee on Indian Affairs that the hostilities
which existed at the date of the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs have ceased?
Mr. WATTS. Well, hostilities are pretty gen-
eral wherever you have Indian tribes.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The practical ques-
tion for the House to determine is, whether the
Government shall employ the military ai m to put
down the hostilities of these savages, and expel
them from the Territory of New Mexico, as sug-
gested by the Commissioner of IndianAfFairs, or
whether it shall appoint an agent for these wild
horsemen of the desert, who are only known to
(hat Territory through occasional predatory in-
cursions.
Mr. WALTON. Mr, Speaker, I desire to say
that, from the information given to me by a friend
in New Mexico, who has been a resident there for
more than twenty years, I have learned a good deal
about these Indians and about the military that it
has been customary to have stationed there, and I
have come to the conclusion that one good Indian
agent, at a salary of ยง1,500 a year, to look after the
rights of the Indians and the rights of the whites,
is worth more to the'Governmentthan a regiment j
of soldiers, which would cost ยง1,000,000 a year. |
He would keep the people and the Indians out of i
war. Without such agent they get into war, and
necessitate the keeping of military theie.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to say, in reply to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. F. A. Cock-
ling,] that Mr. Collins, the superintendent of In-
dian affairs in that Territory, is now in this city.
I had an interview with him this morning, and he !
assured me thatan Indianagentisnecessary there,
not only one agent and one sub-agent, but that
there ought to be half a dozen sub-agents there.
He says it would be a measure of economy to
give authority to the President or Secretary of the ]
interior to make these appointments, whenever,
in then* opinion, it may be necessary. The gen-
tleman from Missouri stated yesterday afternoon
that there were now seven agencies in New Mex-
ico. He is mistaken, there are but six. New
Mexico embraces a large extent of country. Ac-
cording to the report of the superintendent of In-
dian affairs, there are overone hundred thousand
Indians in the Territory, Agents are very often
appointed for tribes containing only two hundred,
three hundred, or four hundred persons. Some of
these tribes contain twenty thousand, some ten
thousand, some five hundred, and so on. I will
state further, that this matter has had the consid-
eration of the appropriate committee. So far as
I know, there is no difference of opinion among
the members of that committee. Its passage is
recommended unanimously, and I trust it will pass.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. :
The question was first taken on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to a third reading, and the House refused to recon-
sider it.
The bill was then read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OB' TUB REVENUE.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the unfinished report from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, being House bill No. 136,
to expedite the collection of the revenue and the
final disposition of suits arising therefrom in the
collection district of the city of New York, on
which the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Sheffield] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to postpone
the further consideration of this bill till the second'
Monday in December next.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I am anxious that the
session shall be concluded, and I consent to the
motion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be House bill No. 422, to quiet land
titles in the State of California.
The bill was read. It provides that in all cases
where Mexican grants to lands, in the State of
California, have been confirmed by the land com-
mission organized for the purpose of deciding
upon the validity of such grants, or by either of
the United States district courts in and for said
State, and which have been or shall be rejected
by the Supreme Court of the United States, and
where the title to the lands covered by such grants,
by reason of such rejection, rests in the United
States, all persons who have actually and in good
faith purchased portions of said grants subsequent
to such confirmation and before the passage of this
act, and who are in actual possession, shall be
protected in their possessions and allowed to pur-
chase sucli land at the price of $1 25 per acre,
without regard to the quantity of land so pur-
chased and held in possession, and without regard
to sectional lines; provided, such purchase shall
be made and the money paid theieon to proper
officers of the Government within one year after
the passage of this act, or one year after the re-
jection ofihegrant; and provided further, surveys
of such land shall be made at the expense of the
purchaser by the surveyor general for said State,
or by one of his deputies, and approved by him;
and provided further, that nothing in this act
shall be construed so as to authorize the preemp-
tion or sale of mineral lands; and provided fur-
ther, that this act shall not be heid to apply to
the city and county of San Francisco, or to any
incorporated town or city in said State
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Mr. Speaker, if
the House will accord me its attention for a few
minutes, I think 1 can convince it of the justice
and propriety of the passage of this bill. Those
who have only been accustomed to the settlement
of public lands in States where no land titles have
interfered with the settlement, can have but a very
slight idea of the difficulties that have surrounded
settlement in the State of California. Before our
acquisition of California, the Spanish and Mexi-
can Governments had made grants of large tracts
of land throughout the State, embracing the most
favorable locations, immediately on the coastand
along the bays, rivers, and navigable streams.
By the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, signed on
the 2d of February, 1848, the Governmentof the
United States agreed to respect the titles to land
and property of the former citizens of Mexico.
Very shortly after the ratification of that treaty,
gold was discovered in California, and a current
of emigration set thither from every quarter of the
globe, so that within little more than a year, Cali-
fornia had increased her population from a few
thousand, scattered over the State at great dis-
tances from each other, to one hundred and fifty
thousand or two hundred thousand pet sons. With-
in less than two years from the ratification of that
treaty, they had formed a State government and
were knocking at the portals of'this Capitol for
admission into the Union as a State. Within a
little more than two years, she was admitted into
