2640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10.
the sisterhood as the youngest and fairest of them
all, from which position no effort of traitors has
been able to move her. No cunningly devised
scheme of treason will ever be able to win her
love or allegiance from the old flag under which
she was won and born a State.
Within this brief period of little more than two
years California had been changed from an in-
significant Territory to a flourishing State. The
little Puebla of Yerba Bueno had been trans-
formed into the bustling metropolis of Sail Fran-
cisco, whose harbor was studded with the sails
and adorned by the emblems of every nation.
The supplies for the large population which she
then contained had to be drawn from distant
countries; from Australia, from the Sandwich
Islands, from South America, from Europe, and
from the New England States. Very soon par-
ties began to think of turning their attention to
agriculture, and tliey found, on experiment, that
the country was as wonderfully rich in vegetation
as in the piecious metals, but unfortunately there
were no lands accessible except those claimed un-
der Spanish and Mexican grunts. Where parties
desired to settle on lands, they were therefore un-
der the necessity of taking the hazard of losing
their improvements if they settled as preemptors
and the Mexican titles should prove valid and be
confirmed, or of losing their purchase money if
they purchased under Mexican titles, and those
titles were not confirmed. The Government de-
layed doing anything toward settling these titles
until 1851. On the 3d of March, 1851, three years
after the signing of this treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, Congress passed an act for the purpose of
settling these claims.
It was not proposed by Congress that a com-
mission should be sent to the city of Mexico to
ascertain there what titles to lands had been per-
fected, wluu grants had been completed by being
admitted to record by the Governmentof Mexico.
But Congress subjected all these grants to a legal
investigation. For that purpose a board of com-
missioners was formed which constituted the null
through which ail these titles were to be put. It
was suggested at that tmi£ by the great statesman
of Missouri, Mr. Benton, who was then in Con-
gress, that a patent should issue to all lands the
titles to which had been found perfect and duly
recorded in the archives of Mexico. If that prop-
osition had been adopted it would have at once
given us a considerable portion of land accessible
to settlement, and in the titles to which we could
have felt confidence. That proposition, however,
was rejected. A great delay in adjusting these
titles was the consequence.
Again, sir, these land claims were not, by the
terms of the act, to be subject to American law.
They had been made in violation of what has ever
been, and I trust may ever be, an established prin-
ciple of this Government, which is to grant land
only in small quantities. But having agreed un-
der the tieaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo to respect
the titles given by the Mexican and Spanish Gov-
ernments, they were to be adjudicated upon ac-
cording to llie laws, usages, and customs of those
Governments. Section eleven of the act creating
the board provides:
" That the ceimni.^Moner* herein piovided for, and the
distiict unfl Supieine Oouit>, in deciding on the validity ot'
any claim biouuht hrfiao ilium undei tin* provisions ol tlilri
acr, shall be jfoveim-d by flic treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
tin- law* of nation*. the laws?, usages, ami eu>toms of the
Government iiom which tin* claim is derived, the pnnei-
ples of i'quif) j and deeiHOi)', of the Supreme Court of
tlie United Stales, so fai as they arc applicable."
Consequently no man, however sound a lawyer
ho might have been, could, until after he had given
great attention to the Jaws of the Spanish and
Mexican Governments, give any reasonable opin-
ion as to the validity of any grants that might bo
submitted to him for examination. As a matter
of course, great delay in adjusting these claims
has arisen—a delay which has operated as a two-
edged aswoid, cutting both ways—spreading luin
on every hand, having operated as much almost
against the honest settler as against the honest
grant-holder, and haspiovcd one of the finest fields
winch has been opened up to dishonest lawyers
for forgery, intrigue, and wrong.
It was wholly impossible that settlements in
California could be entirely stayed until these
claims could be adjudicated. Settlements had to
take place, as a matter of course, to pro vide for the
wants of the country; and our people there were
compelled, when they desired to make settlements
upon the lands, to take more or less the chances
of their confirmation or rejection. After making
the best investigation of the title to these various
grants within their power to make, after calling to
their aid the best counsel in the State, those best
acquainted with these titles, they settled upon the
lands either by purchasing the title of the original
grantee, and refied upon the final confirmation of
the claim, or, on the other hand, they had to dis-
pute the claim, to enter upon it as public land,
and take the chance in the end of losing whatever
improvements they might put upon tnem. The
results of this almost endless litigation in reference
to the title of these lands Have, in almost every
instance, proved ruinous to the original claimants.
Many of them who were immensely wealthy when
the State was ceded to us, who could truly say
that they were lords of all they surveyed, ana that
the cattle feeding on a thousand hills were theirs,
being unaccustomed to business, subjected to this
delay, their lands settled upon by preemptors,
their stock driven off, and being thus deprived of
nearly all their accustomed resources,and having
had to meet the enormous expenses of litigating
their claims, have become involved in debt; and
high rates of interest have stripped them of every-
thing they possessed, so that in too many in-
stances, when the final confirmation and patent
has come, it has come to others and not to them.
But, sir, it is not the object of the bill under
consideration to give relief to this class of persons.
They are beyond relief; there is nothing which
Congress can now do that will give them any aid
whatever. A great many of them have passed
away where land titlesare not in litigation. Many
of those who remain lament in poverty, want, and
suffering, the hardships and vexatious delays, if
not wrong, to which they have been subjected.
Mr.Dl VEN. With the permission of the gen-
tleman, 3 desire to ask one question. I understand
this Government to have expended large sums of
money in contesting these Spanish grants to very
valuable mines and tracts of lands. 1 under-
stand that these Spanish grants have in most in-
stances proved to be defective and void. The
question I wish to ask is, whether this bill would
give the parties m possession of these lands the
right to purchase them by paying the Government
price ? In other words,my inquiry is, whether the
parties in possession who have claimed under these
Spanish grants these valuable lands, notwith-
standing the large amounts the Government has
expended to resist the Spanish title, may, by pay-
ing the Government price of ten or twenty shil-
lings per acre, obtain a full title to the land?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will answer
the gentleman's question when 1 come to that
point. I have said that it is not the intention of
this bill to reach any of the original grantees. But
there is another class of persons who are entitled
to the consideration of this Government, and who
may be relieved under this bill without injury to
the Government or wrong to anybody. It is that
class of persons that it is proposed to benefit by
this bill, and no others.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman from
California will permit me, I wish to ask a ques-
tion. I understand the circumstances under which
this bill has b^cn introduced to be these: a large
tract of valuable lands, among the most valuable
m the State of California, covering the site of a
town or city, in which a large number of persons
have become interested, was held under an alleged
Spanish grant. The title was examined by the
commissioners, it was examined in the district
court, and there pronounced to be a good title.
The title then came into the Supreme Court. That
court decided that the title was based upon fiaud
and perjury, and was void.
This bill as I understand it, is intended to give
to the vendees of this fraudulent concern the priv-
ilege of purchasing that land at$l 25 an acre, lands
worth five, ten, and for aught I know, fifty times
that amount, and some of which are now held by
purchasers from the Government,
I am informed that in voiding the title to this
tract of land under the alleged Spanish grant the
Government hos expended a largo amount of
money. Mr. Stanton was sent out there to rep-
resent the Government in the matter, and after a
most expensive and tedious litigation, the title
was declared to be fraudulent. I understand that
that is the same claim which is to be covered by
this bill which gives to the vendees under this
fraudulent claim the right to resume possession of
the land-upon the paymentof $1 25an acre, while
honest settlers upon the land, after the title of the
Government was established to the lands, will be
excluded. If that be the effect of the bill, I am
opposed to it.
Mr. TRIMBLE. 1 ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I prefer to go on
and finish my argument, and then I am willing to
answer any question any gentleman may desire
to ask. I should, in the course of my remarks,
have answered many of the questions which have
been asked in their order. In the first place, I re-
peat that it is not the intention of this bill to give,
nor does it give, any advantage whatever to the
original grantees; nor is it the intention to give
any advantage to the persons who may have pur-
chased these lands for the purposes of specula-
tion . The whole intent of the bill is to allow those
parties who, acting upon the best information
within their reach, have entered upon their lands
by purchasingsthe title after the commission and
district court had decided it to be valid, giving
thereby to the purchasers, as they supposed, an
additional guarantee of its genuineness and valid-
ity. Persons who, from the force of circum-
stances, were compelled to go on to the lands, and,
believing the title to be good, could not in com-
mon honesty settle upon them without purchasing
the title, and who have settled upon and improved
them, purchasing the land in quantities to suit
their wants, ranging from five or ten acres to two
or three thousand acres. I say the object of this
bill is to allow those parties to hold the lands so
purchased,occupied,and improved upon by pay-
ment to the Government the usual price of $1 25
an acre.
MESSAGE EROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed a bill (No. 281) de-
fining additional causes of challenge and pre-
scribing an additional oath for grand and petit
jurors in the United States courts; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate did, on yesterday, after the members of the
House had withdrawn from its Chamber, pass
the following orders:
" That subpenas maybe issued by the Secretary of the
Senate, when acting as a couit of impeachment, to the
Seigeant-at-Arms of the Senate or his deputy, as well as
to the marshal of the District of -—
"That this high court of impeachment stand adjourned •
till the 26tii day of June, instant, at twelve o'clock, meri-
dian ; and as the said West II. Humphreys has failed to
make lus appearance to answer the said articles of impeach-
ment. though duly summoned,
"That pioclamation lor lus appearance on that day be
made by publishing this oider in the National Intelligencer,
National Hi-publican, and Evening Star, newspapers print-
ed in the city of Washington, foi at least ten days success-
ively, befoie said 26th day ot June, instant; and also in the
Nashville Union, a newspaper printed in the city of Nash-
ville, in the State of Tennessee, for at least five seveiai
days before said 26th day of June, instant."
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know whether
this bill applies to purchases made pendente lite,
that is, after the time when the suit was com-
menced and before its final termination? If so,
they purchased, of course, with full notice of the
decision which might be reached.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Of course th^y
purchased with full notice. We do not dispute
that.
Mr. SARGENT. With the consent of my col-
league, 1 desire to say a word upon that matter. At
the time of the acquisition of California, nearly allot
the available arable land of the State, all adapted to
cultivation, which was sufficiently near to the bays
or watercourses to be profitably used, was claimed
under Mexican grants. A vast crowd of emigra-
tion poured into the State by steamers, sailing
vessels, and overland; the emigrants taking their
families in many instances, or sending for them
presently, and it was necessary for them to have
some spot upon which to locate and prect homes.
They were compelled to cultivate the lands of the
State to get food. They could not fly in the air
or swim m the bays, but had to locate on the land.
In some cases they justly believed the grants to
be fraudulent, and then entered adverse to the title,
fn others they believed the grants good, and they
