APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
3fan Cong....2d Sess.
Postal Reform---Mr. Hulcliins.
Ho. of Reps,
mile, or te-v di-tance, to the post office to s«>nd or receivc n
]• tu'i. if o!t<iii woith much moie than the postage paid en
it. That time the laboring man, who can least afford the
hv, and who receives few letteis, is constantly obliged to
lose over and over again m going to inquire in vaiu for that
winch he ar Just gete. The female in humhie condition. hc-
side the same Joss of time to her, equally valuable ami
at her command, is compelled to go to a public place foi the
letter she is expecting, and await her tuni to inquuo for rt,
amidst (he annoyance of a crowd. If. on an averaire. the
tunc daily spent in the city of New York, in going luck-
wards and forwards on erru d< to the po-,t office, is equ.il to
an hour each foi ten thousand people^ ten thousand hom*
cveiy day are thus employed, winch at adollai for the day of
ten homfs, amounts to a payment (oi a loss, which l* the
same thing) of#],000 a day tot woik winch fifty men. em
ployed as earners, in iiome delivery, -would be gen< ioiimv
compensated lor with $1U0. The dtifetence i* a Iomt oi £900
a dav, or nearly a third of a million yearlv to the single cos
of New York, from tins miserable lack oi economy in
labor.5>
I believe this estimate of Mr. Palfrey is below
the truth. In the same speech Mr. Palfrey stud:
" The time is to conie befoie Ions* when, by the establish-
ment of that system of home delivery in the cities and
towns alteady matuied in England, nnd capable ot adaptu
turn licie, a huge part of the population will be d'j-pen^ed
of the necessity of ever seeing a post office any more than
they now see as-ub-Treasury. TJie3* will not need to do nn.\-
thinu about the letter they expect till it placos it-elf before
theui at their fireside. They ncPd iia\e no trouble about
the letter tliey whli to send to the remotest coiner of the
eountiy, except to stamp it, and leave it m a box at their
own door."
The time which Mr. Palfrey so confidently an-
ticipated has not yet come; but when it will come,
rests with the people and with Congress. The
realization has not been vouchsafed to the people
for the reason, in part, that thered-tapeocracy of
Post Office officials who delight to run in the tuts
and grooves of past generations, lias failed to urge
it upon Congress, nnd has almost invariably op-
posed it when coming from other quarters. 1 do
not mean by this to reflect at all upon the present
administration of the Post Office Department; for,
so far as 1 have had occasion to observe, the Post-
master General and his able assistants have rec-
ommended many valuable reforms during the biioi
time they have been m office.
There are other important facts to be noted in
the foregoing tabic of comparative -statistics oi
London and New York. The number of lefteis
to each clerk yearly in the London office is 171,500.
The number to each clerk yearly in the New Yoik
offict: is only 68,000. The labor savin"-, in uni-
form rates, and in letter delivciy by earners. is
apparent in the greater amount of work which i
a clerk can perform in the London office than a
clerk m the JN'ew York office. The extia labor
in sorting and rehandling letters, papers, &c.,
weighing or estimating rates, and delivering letters
fiom boxes, is much more, under oui system, than
under the British. A reference to the table of
rates, under the law as it now is, and under tins
bill, will show the force of this statement. How
many times in a day has a cleik in New York to
handle over the letters, under ail the letters of the
alphabet, to ascertain whether the letter inquired
for is in the box? It is an estimate of an expe-
rienced clerk in the New York post office that
out of ten of all callers at the " genera! delivery "
window fail to leceive a letter. When the leii -is
are distributed from the mad bags to boxes, some
must go to private boxes, some to general deliv-
ery boxes, and some to earners; and surh com-
plex labor contiibutes the result shown in the
table last named. This bill does not dispense
with private boxes, if people desire them; but it
intends to add facilities in letter delivery which
will make them undesirable to most persons.
3. This bill abolishes the present franking pnv-
ile°e> and provides for the payment of Government
postage oat of the Treasury. It provides, tiU,
that members of Congress may send public doc-
uments published by order of either House at
such rates of postage as are charged on transient
printed matter, and that the postage shall be paid
fiom the Treasury,as may be provided in appro-
priation bills. The benefits of the present frank-
in^ privilege enjoyed by the people are thus so-
cured to them, and they will know what it costs—
a useful item of information. Under this bill mem-
bers of Congress, like " the rest of mankind,
will nay their own private postage, and the abuses
of congressional franking will cease. Ihe frank-
in®1 privilege is a stumbling-block in the way ot
postal reform, and I begin to despair of its repeal
unless in the modified form provided m this bill.
.NEW Betvies- -"NO. 11,
4. The pott office money order system as •it exists
in England is incotporeled into this bill. Tins is
a source of considerable revenue io the British
post office, nnd it accommodates a In rge class of peo-
ple who d< sue to transmit by mail small sumsof
money. The orders are limited to thesum of twen-
ty-five dollars, so that the legitimate business of
public and private bankers who deal in exchange
is not materially interfered with. The number of
money oiders, and the amount of money co\ ered
by them, annually passing through the British post
office appear m the foregoing tables. The follow-
ing table will show the net revenue or clear profit
to Uie office from commissions on money
orders for the last ten yeais:
Pioftt on Movcij Ordcts,
Pr.tc. Kct licrcviio. Date. Kct llcicnuc.
1 S,'/l 1^,") 16 "iii   ,^'11.1, 0
IS.',.!  .xU Io 18.')7  l-M7o
  te;^  issy^o
IK")I   8<),x;n IS>9  RV>7">
 lOl^ij] 18(50  1-12,370
5. Late. Utter fee, or an extra charge, in stamps on
letters mailed after the ordinary time of closing ihe
mails, is provided for in the bill. This has been
tried successfully in England, is a source of some
revenue, about fifty thousand dollars a year, and
accommodates many business men willing to pay
for ihe accommodation. There must be an hour
fixed for closing the mail beyond which letters put
into the office must await the next out-going mail.
The time m small offices is short, but large offices
like London and New York must have more time
within which to make up the mail—from an hour
and a half to three houis, 1 believe, is required m
those cities. The exigencies of business are such
that business men frequently nre unable to post {til
their letters befoie the usual hour for closing the
mails, and it is sometimes very important that a
letter <u letters should be sent by the out-going
mail just closed to the geneial public Large busi-
ness mten sts may depend upon this. The posi-
masier provides a " hue letter box" into which any
peison, up to a short time belore the mail is to
leave, may put letters with additional stamps upon
them,and they will go out m the mail. No one is
compelled to pay this extra charge. It is regarded
as a pi i\ ilege m Cx11 at i>r ilain, and those wbo aval 1
themselves of it are willing to pay for it.
0 The I m!I pr<>videc; t hat t he Post niasfei General
nnty, If lit think the public seiviee trqunvs it,
dispense with way bills, and adopi oiliei recita-
tions whieh promise ^reah r efficiency ami econ-
omy in tiie administialion of the Post Office De-
pa! tment.
7. This bill proposes to change the present law
of compulsory piepayment by forwarding all let-
tcts, whether stamped or not, but adds a penalty
of double postage if not prepaid. The present
jaw gives the Post Office much trouble, and not
unfrequently work's great inconvenience to the
public, if a letter is found m the officii that has
not been prepaid, or with the stamp lost oil, the
postmaster detains it, and sends a circular to the
person addieased, notifying him that such a letter
is in the office, and that if he will forward a three
cent postage stamp, with postage paid, his letter
W'll be sent to him. By accident, caielessness, or
otherwise, a J a r^e number of letleis daily g^'t into
(he post office with no siampson them. They are
forwaided in the way ] have indicated: but what
useless labor, delay, and expense are occasioned !
The last annual leport of the Ihitish post officc
(stunates the number of letters that have been
i piep;\id,and which are subsequently found in the
! mails with the stamps lost olf, at "fifty thousand
i a year.
'U)jd< r the English law, which is similai jn^tms
respect to the present bill, only one letter in a
hundred is posted without being prepaid. The
double postage, which js collec,ted_ on delivery, is
a compensation to the post office (or sending the
letter vyitliout stamp. To guaid against impo-
sition by unprincipled persons in sending letters,
eircuhi s, or businessannouneements without pre-
payment, authority is pventhe Postmaster Gen-
eral to collect lb" postage of the writer or sender
whenever tiie same is refused by the person ad-
dressed; and m case the wi iter or sender lefusea to
pay, a fine may be imposed, or smpriKamvtent he
inflicted. A few years since, compulsory prepay-
ment was tried "in Great Britain, but was con-
demned by the pljnost unanimous voice of public
opinion, anil was abandoned after a trial of a few
liuinibs.
To some tlio time may not appear auspicious,
in this life-struggle of the Republic, for (he intro-
duction of these measures; l regard it otherwise.
The statesmen of England, in the darkest periods
of their history, have never been unmindful of the
importance of postal facilities to the prosperity of
tlieir country. In 1839, the British commissioners
of revenue inquiry began their report on the post
office as follows:
The facility of frequent, ptmctim], nnd quick commu-
nication. which the institution of the po*t ofiiee with eul■
cutaieil to seen n:, may lie justly classed among the elements
of pi nt'iului; eonuneioe. It is cc.seiui.it to the purposes of
gsoeeiiiinem, and subservient to ail Hie ends of national
(ioiie\
The people of Grant Britain arc probably taxed
to a greater extent than any other nation of equal
population on the face of the globe, but perhaps
not materially higher than wo shall be for many
yeais to come. Wlio can compute the commer-
cial and business' advantages that are produced by
the low and uniform postage, and ail the facilities
for distributing correspondence that draws'forth
about six hundred million let tors annually, and pro-
vides a cheap and safemodeof remitting money, and
whieh is used yearly to the extent of $70,000,000?
Can these advantages ttnd benefits be easily over-
estimated?
Our enterprising people will not. csnsent to be
behind other nations in postal facilities. Forsev-
eial years there has been an urgent arid incieasing
deninml from our commcroiai communities anu
most populous Slates, (or the leading measures in
this bill. During the present session of Congress
there lias been presented to the House and Senate,
a petition signed by fifteen thousand of the Jead-
ing staiesnien, bankers, merchants, and business
men of New Yorlc city, asking substantially for
these measures.
The Huston ]>oard of Tiade, at a iccent meot-
in£, adopted the following resolutions:
•• Kcsolr.'.l, 'I'll.u, III till! judgment of tiie government ot*
tin- hoard, the codo of postal huv of the United State*
vhuutd be framed with rcfoicncc, principally, to fout things:
Jfn-~t, Minplicuv o! plan arid detail; second, equality be-
tween eitizeu-j n> olliee and citizen* in private Ule j third,
-iteh i.Ue- of po-ta<;i.' as *ball prevent, as far as practicable,
' p\ctv oi det'ieieiicy ol'iovoiuu:; and, touitli, prompt action
with 1 aJual'h - dead ' it ui:u and wail ull imsscnt and mis-
diiet led ore-;
" JLcuih cii. That e.vpoi icnce under the acts of Congress
oi .Maieli ot M.ueli a, 1851, of August 30,1852, and
of M.ueh JS">. by which, eollccfivoiy, ratoa were re-
duced, seme piotfic-^ was made in simplification and sev-
eiai odtou- and anpi-t provisions were abolished, together
with the marked .v'uecoss of the c.xi-stirii? svMeri) of Great
Biitarn, warrants a fifth e.\p«aiinent u\ the same general
direction. ...
««Iiaolr^d, Tir-'tt wc approve of such changes jn the pres-
ent code as fc-liufl equalize the rates of postage on both writ-
ten and primed matter; assliallestablishaunifoimmethod
oi iettci deliver) m cities and towns; as shrill create a post
otfice money order sy-item ; a^ shall abolish franlctn^, e,s-
ecnt in the o/licial eonespondenee of the Postmaster (Gen-
eial, deputy poitmnsteis, othor postal agents, and mail
eontiactoi*"', and as blwll piovule lur the payiueut of the
(ioverrnncnt po-ta c out < ( the Trca<uiy.
<• JicwU'fl, 'I'hat we appiove of the tirst section ot the
bill (11. K- No. yob) icteried totlie L'onninttee on the I'os-t
(nliee and Po^t Kontfc, February 10, le6^ ; and that we give
oni heai ty assent to the peneial measure of leloi in proposed
in the s^M'tionrs winch follow.
tiesolred, That a copy of the foregoing be transmuted
to Hon. Ja-oob Oom.amer, Hon. ScunVT.ER ColfaX, Hop.
Jons lloTcutNS,nndto the Senators and Representatives in
t/OiigrcftS from this commonwealth."
The Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York has bad the subject before that body, and
refer red it to their executive committee, which has
reported, as 1 am infoinied, m its favoi.
Our loyal citizens arc nob! y Mrug^lmg to defend
the unity of the nation against the Vandal assaults
of traitorous rebels and their sympathizers, and
to that end ate freely contributing their time,
talents, and treasuio1. To the same end six hun-
dred thousand volunteer soldiers are in the field,
far from homo and kindred, patiently enduring the
fatigues, sulfonics, and hazards of war, and freely
shedding their blood. Have those loyal citizens
and these vastaimies of brave soldiers no claims
upon the Government for the widest and cheapest
postal accommodations ?
National burdens, social wants, and the demands
of commerce and trade, all combine to ur^e this
measure now upon the consideration of Congress.
It will mitigate the calamities of war, and enhance
the rich blessings of peace.
