660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
that Congress had no power to make paper money
a legal tender. It is true Mr, Webster did re-
mark, incidentally, that Congress had no power
to make paper money a legal tender; but it is
hardly to be supposed that this was a settled con-
viction upon mature reflection and thorough in-
vestigation, as he was known and relied upon by
the whole banking interest of the country as the
ablest champion of bank expansions and a paper
currency. In the very speech from which the
gentleman quoted^.upon the specie circular, he
was speaking in the interestof the banks, against
the attempt of General Jackson, by means of that
measure, to check somewhat the spirit of specu-
lation and the expansion of paper issues which
marked that period, and which finally engulfed the
business interests of the whole country in over-
whelming disaster.
In the other speeches from which he quoted to
show Mr. Webster's fear of the over issues of a
paper currency, he was advocating the recharter
of the United States Bank, and was trying to show
the necessity of having an institution in connec-
tion with thcGovernmentof commanding strength
and overshadowing influence and power; and in
that connection it was necessary, for the purposes
of his argument, to question the safety and mag-
nify the evils of local banks and the dangers of a
depreciated currency, in the absence of a great
regulator, such as the United States Hank, he be-
lieved, would be. At the very time he made the
last two speeches from which the gentleman quoted
he was advocating the increaso of the banking cap-
ital of his own State of Massachusetts, notwith-
standing she had more than doubled in the pro-
ceding ten years her banking capital, under his
sanction and with his approval, and at that mo-
ment ho was advocating the establishment of a
mammoth bank in Massachusetts with a capital
of $10,000,000, and power to increase its paper
circulation indefinitely, when the circulation and
deposits which constituted the immediate liabili-
ties of the banks of Massachusetts amounted to
more than ten dollars for every one of specie they
had on hand; when the whole specie in the coun-
try but three years before was estimated by Al-
bert Gallatin to be but little more than double the
amountof the immediate liabilities of the banks of
Massachusetts at the period to which I allude. Not-
withstanding the isolated declarations of the New
England statesman, whose wisdom in financial
matters the gentleman calls upon us to emulate,
it is the opinion of some who knew him well, and
the character of his thought and mind upon finan-
cial questions—some gentlemen, too, of great em-
inence, who are opposed to this bill, have admit-
ted to me, if there la anything to be deduced from
analogy, that Mr. Webster, of all men, if living,
would favor thus bill.
But the gentle,'man from Ohio must have rend
the whole of the speeches from which he quoted,
and known the circumstances under which they
were delivered; and if so, I am sorry that ho
should treat this question, so momentous for weal
or for woe in its consequences to the American
people, as he would stake a five-dollar ease in a jus-
tice s court. But times change, and men change
with them. The experience of J837 and the sub-
sequent years modified materially Mr. Webster's
views, as well as those of the great party to which
he was attached. In the remarks which I had the
honor to submit to the J louse the other day, I
stated briefly something of the history of the cur-
rency in England, and showed that under a me-
tallic currency greater revulsions, attended with
more disastrous consequences, resulted from its
derangement than had ever been witnessed with
a mixed currency, composed of paper and coin.
1 now propose, if the House will bear with me,
to say something of the history of the currency in
this country,and the effects of legislation upon it.
I said then, and 1 repeat now, that the prosper-
ity of every people depends, in a great measure,
upon the wisdom of its legislation for the regula-
tion of the currency. My observation and expe-
rience have taught me that our permanent interest
under ordinary circumstances, in view of the sys-
tem of mixed currencies in oilier countries, u'ith
an eye to the most rapid development of ail our
material resources, is to be found in a currency
composed of guld and silver for all small transac-
tions of ten dollars and under, with paper issues
for all large operations, immediately convertible
into specie. While we can never be entirely free
from fluctuations in the currency, ofgreaterorless
degree, so long as the credit system exists, we
may nevertheless, with such a basis for our circu-
lating medium, obviate, to a great extent, the evils
and calamities which are sure to follow exces-
sive expansions and unnecessary contractions of
the currency.
In the colony of Massachusetts—the Govern-
ment having become involved in pecuniary diffi-
culty—bills of credit were issued in 1690 to the
amount of <€50,000, in sums varying from five
shillings to five pounds each. They were made a
legal tender. As long as the colony was willing
to tax the people to provide for the payment of the
interest and partial redemption—which continued
several years—the scheme worked well, and was
very popular, affording great convenience and re-
lief both to the Governrnentand the people. After
the lapse of some twelve or fourteen years, ex-
penses increased, and taxation became burden-
some; and instead of taxing, the issues increased,
until the nominal amount m 1748 was over two
millions of pounds sterling. The real amount re-
ceived by tnc Government upon the issues was
about four hundred thousand pounds sterling—
such had been the terrible depreciation, commen-
cing to depreciate rapidly when they ceased to tax.
With the assistance of Parliament and excessive
taxation of themselves, they raised over two hun-
dred and fifty thousand pounds sterling, and re-
deemed the whole circulation at less than half
which the Government had actually received in
value for the issues. It was the best they could
do, so all were forced to be satisfied. From 1700,
down to the Revolution, Massachusetts had a
specie currency, as did most of the colonies.
The revolutionary war was carried on, as all
very well know, chiefly with a depreciated paper
currency until 1781, when it became almost worth-
less. It was based upon nothing, with no power
of payment, and could not be otherwise than worth-
less. in 1781 the Bank of North America was
established under the auspices and through the in-
fluences-is 1 have before said, of the patriot Morris.
It received its charter from the old Confederated
Confess, and was the fust bank established m
America. Confess, under a pressing necessity,
gave it extraordinary powers and privileges, which
nothing would justify but the great exigencies of
the moment, it is diilieult to see how the war
could have been successfully prosecuted but for
the establishment of that institution. The next
bank established, I believe, was the old Massa-
chusetts Bank in Boston, which was charteied in
1784. No other bank was established in Massa-
chusetts until 1792, when the Union Bank was
chartered, and from that time till the present they
have continued to multiply and increase, occa-
! sionally expanding their paper currency to most
j unwarrantable proportions, to be followed by un-
1 avoidable contractions, occasioning wide-spread
disaster, desolation, and ruin.
The first Bank of the United States was estab-
lished in J7i) I, and its charter expired in 18H.
During this period there were occasional revul-
sions, as the mother bank, as it was called, influ-
enced, if not controlled, the operations of the
others, expanding or contracting the currency at
will. Congress refused to recharter the bank in
1811, when Us chartei expired. Local banks now
began to multiply throughout the States, and to
issue grcatquantities of paper currency, when the
war of 1815 created almost universal bankruptcy
both of individual? and banks. All the banks m
the country, outside of New England, suspended
| specie payments, and continued in a state of sus-
1 pension until the close of the war. The Gov-
! eminent was in great distress for means to carry
| on the war with England. Its securities sold for
I eighty cents on the dollar, payable in irredeemable
bank paper, which had depreciated about twenty
per cent. Capitalists who purchased the securities
of the Government at such ruinously low prices
realized immense fortunes out of its necessities,
and millions upon millions were thus wrung from
the hard earnings of a patriotic people; and we
shall have a similar state of things again if the
short-sighted policy of the opposition prevails.
]i Alter the war was closed a national bank was
i! chartered in 1N16, Mr. Madison and the Demo-
l} viatic party geumg over their constitutional scru-
II pies, under the pressure of the necessities of the
i| Government, in 1817 the bank began to issue,
,| and all the State banks increased their circulation,
until the country was flooded with paper circula-
tion. A great state of apparent prosperity fol-
lowed; high prices, excessive speculation, and
cheap credits. As was inevitable, in 1818 and
1819 the crisis came, followed by the ruin of half
the merchants in the country, creating a period
of pecuniary distress unparalleled in the nation's
history. In a few months a recovery from the
wreck commenced,and those banks thatsurvived
the shock, together with the United States Bank,
once more began to expand, with the same results
as before, until 1822, when the banks were again
compelled to contract their issues, and the bright
visions of the merchants and the manufacturers
were destined to culminate in the bitterness of de-
spair. This time the western banks all failed,and
their paper became nearly worthless, and the Uni-
ted States Bank barely escaped the general ruin.
Mr. Cheves, its excellent president, afterwards
said if there had not been a change the bank could
not have gone another month. In my own city,
which was then but an inconsiderable town, I
have understootfcall but six or eight of its business
men failed, and the grass grew in some of the prin-
cipal streets of Boston, so great was the stagna-
tion of trade. Again trade revived, and another
undue expansion of the banks, followed by the
inevitable contraction, which, in 1825, caused an-
other revulsion hardly less disastrous to the busi-
ness interests of the country than that which pre-
ceded it.
In 1825 credit and business were prostrated
everywhere. The trouble was greater in England
than here. It shook British interests to their
foundation. The circulation of the Bank of Eng-
land and the country banks of Great Britain was
increased, from the 10th of October, ]823, to the
10th of October, 1825,-^7,500,000, about twenty-
five per cent. Speculation was rife all over Eng-
land; Government securities rose to a high point.
But confidence began to be impaired; money be-
came scarce; the banks had, of course, to contract;
merchants failed; a few banks stopped, and then
came a general panic; the Bank of England was
run upon; credit was entirely destroyed; and such
a scene of alarm was never before or since wit-
nessed on London 'Change. The rate of interest
was as high for a short time as sixty per cent.
Thus closed the year 1825, forever memorable in
the history of the monetary world.
Fiom 1625 to 1837 in this country the business
inteiests of the country were very stable, with oc-
casional slight revulsions in 1829,1832, and 1834;
butattended with no very serious results either to
the mercantile interests or banking institutions.
The banks all over the country began to multiply
and expand from 1830, when the bank capital of the
country, including the Bank of the United States
with us $35,000,000, was §145,000,000; the circu-
lation was $61,000,000; the loans and discounts
about $190,000,000. The specie was estimated
about $33,000,000. In 1837, a period of seven
years, the bank capital was increased to over
$400,000,000; the loans and discounts to near
$(>00,000,000; and the circulation to $200,000,000,
with an individual and State indebtedness increased
abroad m that seven years more than fifteen-fold.
This state of tilings of course stimulated specula-
tion of every description, in eastern lands, morus
muUicauhis, bogus stocks, negro slaves, and moon-
shine property of every desciiption. All the com-
mercial, financial, and manufacturing interests of
the whole country seemed to be infatuated, and
the ignorant and the wise equally unable to see
the storm that was brewing. It was during this
period that Mr. Webster was the champion in the
interest of the banks, and advocated the expan-
sion of the currency, when it seems strange, in
the light of the present, that any man should be
so blind as not to see the appalling distress which
was sure to follow such disastious action.
But the crash now came; and in May, 1837, a
monetary revulsion swept over the land like a
tornado, crushing at a single blow every bank m
the country; andlhe blight of ruined fortunes and
blasted hopes of hundreds of thousands was sick-
ening to contemplate. A partial recovery marked
the advent of 1839, with another bank expansion,
to be followed by a monetary crash in 1842 still
more disastrous, if possible, than that of 1837.
From that time to the hour that lebellion raised
its bloody hand, the American people enjoyed an
almost uninterrupted period of mercantile and
financial prosperity.
