1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
qdviee arid consent of the Senate, for service dur-
ing the present war, so many signal officers, with
the rank, pay, and allowances of captains or lieu-
tenants of calvary, and derail so many enlisted
men, with the rank and pay of sergeants of cav-
alry, as he may deem necessary; provided, the
numbei-of captains shall notexceed three forcach
military department, of the U nited States; the num-
ber of firstheutenantsshallnotexceed oneforeach
division of the Army in the service of the United
States; the number of second lieutenants shall not
exceed two for each brigade of the Army; and the
number of sergeants shall not exceed one for each
signal officer who may be appointed; and pro-
vided further,thateach officer soappomted,shall,
before receiving his commission, be examined and
approved by a military board to be convened for
the purpose. The second section provides that
the officcrsand men of the signal corps shall serve
in any military department or with any forces to
which they may be ordered. The third section
provides that the officers and men of the signal
corps, or those who may be temporarily serving
in the corps, may be mounted upon horses, the
property of the United States; and in this case the
officers shall not be entitled to and shall not re-
ceive commutation for forage. The fourth section
provides that the President may assign to duty,
or may appoint as signal officers, such officers of
the Army of the United States as he may elect;
and these officers, while so serving, shall have the
rank, pay, and allowances of signal-officers of the
grade to which they may bo respectively so ap-
pointed or assigned. The fifth section provides
that the Piesident shall be authorized to appoint,
byand will; the advice and consentof thetienaie,
one chief signal officer, with the temporary lank
and pay and allowances of a of cavalry.
Mr HJLAIR, of Missouri. It has been deemed
of the utmost importance that this oiganization
should be made. Every commander who has seen
active service in the fluid has recognized the great
service done to the country by this signal corps.
The system of signals invented by Major Myers,
the officer at present at the head of the corps, has
proved itself of such value that the Navy Depart-
ment has made direct application to the Secretary
of War to detail an officer to instruct naval offi-
cers in it. The Navy Department has also intro-
duced the system into the Naval Academy. As
I have already remarked, at every battle upon the
sea-coast and elsewheie, where these officers haw.'
been detailed (or servir.e, our commanders have
acknowledged the great obligations they have been
under to this system of signals.
The proposed organization, as the House will
perceive, isof a very modest, character. The sec-
tion creating the temporary rank of colonel was
reported witha view of giving it to MajorMyers,
now at the head of the corps. I have spoken to
that gentleman on the subject, and he responded
that he did not wish that rank if it would endan-
ger the passage of this bill. lie felt it to be im-
portant that these signal officers should have pro-
motion up to the rank of captain. I move to insert
" colonel" in the blank, so that the House may
decide on the question.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IJLAlll, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; ami under the operation
thereof, the bill, as amended, was ordered-to be
engrossed and read a thiid time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed,
Mr. RLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPHIC CENSORSHIP OF THE PRESS.
The SPEAXfER. stated the next business ill
order to be the consideration of the following res-
olution, relative to the establishment of a tele-
graphic censorship oi the press, reported from the
Committee 011 the Judiciary, by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson:]
Resoh-eJ, TliattlieCovcrnmenulnuldnot interfere with
the lice ii„n>im-aoii o! imellisHiee by tek'L'ianh when the
shine wit! net p„l,lio ™c,ny ,™'al
operation-'. ■>■ ?ivc linn inclination concerni™ «ucli ,m,.r
atioiii Oil me pari oi tln-s Government, except when it may
become uccowjiiylor (lie Government (under the authority
of Congress) to assume exclusive use of the telcgiaph for
its own legitimate purposes, or to assert the right or priority
in the transmission ot" its own dispatches.
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous question
on ihe adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of various reports from the
Committee on the Judiciary, relative to the con-
fiscation of the property of rebels. They were
received unanimously, and the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] to lay upon
the table, will apply to all of the bills. The re-
ports have been docketed, as follows:
By Mr. Hickman, from Judiciary Committee, March 20,
1862.
A bill (II. R. No. 126) to forfeit the property and slaves
of persons who shall engage in, or aid and abet, armed ic-
bclliim against the United Suites. Repotted with the rec-
ommendation that the bill do not pass. Mr. Bingham&ub-
miued an amendment in the nature of a bubsututc. Mr.
Pendleton moved that the said hill be laid upon the table.
Question, Syjall the bill be laid upon the tabic?
A hill (11.ll. No. 107) tofoifeit the property and slaves of
persons who shall engage in, or aid and abet, armed icbel-
hon a ainst the United States. Repotted with the leeom-
mrmlation that ilie bill do not pa*s. Mi. Bingham sub-
mitted an amendment in the nature of a substitute. Mr.
I'fndleton moved that liio said bill be laid upon the table.
Question, Shall the bill be laid upon the table?
A hill (II. It. No. 10G) to facilitate the suppression of the
lebellion and prevent its return. Reported with Hie recom-
mendation that the bill do not pass.. Mr. Pcndlhton moved
that the said bill be hud upon the table. Question, Shall
the hill bo hud upon the table ?
A bill (II R. No. 110) making it a penal olFense foi any
officer or private of the Aimy or Navy to captuie or return,
or aid in the capture or letuin, ot fugitive slave-. Repotted
with the recommendation that the bill do not pass. Mi.
Pi:ndli:ton moved that the said bill be laid upon the table.
Que- tion, Shall the bill be laid upon the tabic ?
A bill (II. R. No. P-2S) to punish treason, and to provide
a more effectual mode lor the collection of taxes imposed
by Congas, and to lui uish a fund to lemuneiate the losses
of loyal citizens., and topiovide homesteads lor soldiei-:
employed in supplying the present rebellion. Repoited
with the recommendation that the bill do not pass. Mr.
1Vndm.ton moved tluit the *aid bill be laid upon the table.
Question, Shall the bill be laid upon the table?
Joint te^olution (II. R. No. ll)iclative to the right and
duty of the President tu n-giiid to persons held «t< slave in
any military dis'nef m a state of insmieetion Repoit*-d
with the recommendation that the joint i esohmon do not
pjsf. Mi. l'l.Nm.r-ioN moved that the joint isolation be
laid upon tin1 table. Question, .Shall the joint icmjIuuoh be
laid upon the table ?
Joint icsolution (II. K. No KO concerning the tebellion.
Repoited with tiie i econiuiendatioii that the joint t evolution
do not pas.s. Mr Pi:\j>j.t rox moved that the punt te-oiu
tion he laid upon Ihe tabic. Question, Shall tiie joint i ev-
olution be laid upon ihe fable?
Joint resolution (II R No. 1-1) in iclation to peisons
claimed as -lave?- m the Stated now in rebellion. Reported
with the tecommcndation that the bill do not pas-\ Mi.
Pp-ndlkton moved that the said joint icsolution be hud
upon the table. Question, Shall the joint resolution be
laid upon the table?
Joint i esoiution (II. R. No. 13) in relation to the conlis-
eatiou of the ptopcrtv of lebels. Repoited with the tec-
oimnendation th.it the said joint lesolution do not pass
Mr. Ppndlktox moved that the said joint resolution be laid
upon the table. Question, Shall the joint icsolution be laid
upon the table?
Joint M'f.o|uuon (II. R. No. 18) to facilitate the suppics-
Mon ot the rebellion and pievent its leturn. Repoited with
the lecominendation that the said joint resolution do not
pass. Mr. Pcndleton moved that the said joint icsolution
hu laid upon the tabic. Question, filial! the joint resolution
In: laid upon the table?
A lesohiuon (."Mis. Doc. No. 9) ar. to the powers of the
Piesident of the Hinted States over the Annv and Navy.
Snbimiied on the 3d of December, 1861, bv Mr. Siikllv-
batiueu. Reported wtih the leeoinmemiation that lite t es-
oluuon do not pass. Mi Prsnra ton moved that the said
icsolution he iaid upon tiie table. Question, Shall theieso- ;
lution be hud upon the table? j
A resolution (Mi«. Doc. No. 3) relative to the confiscation '
ot the ptopei ty of icbels. Submitted on the 2d of Decern her. [
by Mi. Campbell. Reported with the iceoimnenda- 1
tion th.it the resolution do not pass. Mr. Pknoleton moved !
thai the resolution bo laid upon tiie table. Question, Shall
the le&ohition be hud upon the table?
A resolution on the subject of military orders for the te-
tmn of slaves.. Submitted on the 23d ot Dccembei by Mi.
Shanks. Reported with the iceoinmendation that the tes- 1
oiution do not pass. Mr. Pendleton moved that the ieso- i
lution be laid upon the table. Question, Shall the lesolution '
be laid upon the table* j
A i evolution relative to the expediency of making void •
all sales, transfer, and depositions of property of every !
kind, by persons engajjed in insurrection against the United i
State*. Submitted on the dUtli of Januatyj 186*>. Reported I
with the lecommendation that the t evolution do not pas?. ]
Mi Pcntdlktu:\ moved thai the s>aid resolution bo laid upon I
the table. Question, Shall the lesolution be hud upon the >
table? ' |
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 54) in lehition to tiie powers ;
ol' the Pie.-ident of the United Stater-. Mr. Pendliiov !
moved that the said joint resolution be hud upon the table, i
Question, Shall the ioint resolution he laid upon tiie table' '
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask my colleague to with-
draw his motion to lay upon the table, so that the
House may decide upon my substitute on its
merits.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would be willing to
accommodate my friend, but members around me
state that if I withdraw the motion to lay upon
the table it will be renewed by others.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does that motion apply to
the first bill, or to all of the bills and amend-
ments?
The SPEAKER. It will apply to all of them.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal again to my col-
league to withdraw the motion to lay upon the
table.
Mr. PENDLETON. If I did, it would be re-
newed at once, and 1 decline to withdraw it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that there be a sepa-
rate vote on each bill.
Mr. COX. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then they must be all con-
sidered at once.
Mr. BINGHAM. As we have to vote on all
of these bills, I ask that they be all read.
The Cleric proceeded with the reading of the
bills.
ARMY DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
it is understood by the House that the death of
Mr. Cooper, late a member of this House from
theStateofPennsylvunia, will soon be announced,
and I ask the unanimous consent of the House
for leave to report from the Committee of Ways
and Moans a bill to provide fora deficiency in the
appropriation for the pay of the two and three
years volunteers and the officers and men actually
employed in the western depuitment, which the
Secretary of War is very anxious to lnive passed
at once.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That bill, under
the rule, must go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Uitmn. I desire to know
whence this deficiency of #30,000,000.
The bill was read a fiist and second time, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of' the Union.
Mr. MORRILL, of Ve rmont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Cefoie that question is taken, I move that gen-
eial debate on this bill in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be closed within
five minutes after the consideration of the bill lias
been commenced.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let us have time
enough to have some explanation of this most
extraordinary deficiency.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Make it a
minute for every million.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will modify
my motion so that the debate in committee shall
be closed in thirty minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The motion to go into committee was then
agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cox
m the chair.)
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
committee proceed to the consideration of the
Aiiny deficiency bill.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
the bill before the committee is to provide for a
deficiency in tiie appropriations for the Army, in
consequence of a larger number of men than five
hundred thousand having been called into service.
A deficiency has arisen, as we are informed by
the Secretary of War, of $30,000,000. Unless
this sum be appropriated, there will not be enough
to pay the two and three years volunteers. It"is
important that the bill should be passed, and sent
at once to the Senate. One hundred thousand
dollars is also included, to pay the officers and
men employed in the Missouri department. I ask
that the Clerk shall read the documents I send
him.
Mr. MALLORY. How is it that the money
,*° the volunteers of the depaitment
of Missouii, when like service was authorized
m otnei States situated like .Missouri?
Mr. MORRILL, ot Vermont. This will cover
