2642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
of these parties under the preemption law,,you get
into a "difficulty, which I will explain. Here upon
the banks-of a river, if you please,are five or six
settlers, all within the compass of half a mile or a
quarter section of land; and yet they have pur-
chased and hold in occupation, jointly;, an amount
equal to five quarter sections. Their dwellings
are all upon one quarter section. Now, if you
attempt to adjust their rights under the general
preemption law, which would compel them to pur-
chased accordance with theGovernment surveys,
who would be entitled to preempt the land back
from the river on which there are no residences,
and who would become the fortunate possessor
of-five residences upon the banks of the river?
Again: two men may have settled in the same
neighborhood, relying upon the same grant. One
desires a farm, and he purchases two hundred
and eighty acres, if you please, and spends ten
years in improvingit, perhaps; sets out orchards,
vineyards, and everything of that kind. His
neighbor is a mechanic, and desires only a small
place of fifteen or twenty acres, upon which to set-
tle—-just enough for a home, a garden, a vineyard,
an orchard, &c. Now, if they should not both
happen to be upon the same quarter section, very
likely the orchard and vineyard of A will prove
to be upon the quarter section upon which B is
located. What would be done in such a case? I
know that common honesty would require thatB
should give A that which is his; that B should
not attempt to secure wrongfully, by any such
chance, the orchard and vineyard which may have
cost him ten or fifteen thousand dollars in hard
toil and care bestowed through many years. But
would he not be likely to take advantage of A's
misfortunetoenrich himself? Thatisthequestion.
Would tliere be any hardship endured or wrong
done to any one if the Government of the United
States should give to A the right to purchase the
land which he has improved and made valuable,
on his paying the Government price for it, and in
addition, all the expense of the survey, which
none others are required to pay. If he is willing
to pay the Government all it has ever asked for
its lands—lands which he has bought, paid for,
improved, and made valuable—what more can he
do, and what harm can there possibly be in allow-
ing him thia privilege? Ceitainly the Govern-
ment would not speculate off of the labor of its
citizens.
And is there any justice in B being allowed to
take possession of ail the valuable improvements
• of A without making compensation therefor? If
our people had gone there under ordinary circum-
stances, and there had been public lands accessi-
ble, and parties had then purchased lands under
these grants, when they were in process of litiga-
tion, 1 myself should have said they were not
entitled to any redress, because they had taken an
unnecessary hazard; and if the title was dccided
against them, it is no more than they had reason
to expect. But those are not the circumstances
of this case. The settlers were forced to go upon
the lands either as preemptors or by purchase of
the title, and take the chance in the end of losing
ail the improvements which they might put upon
the land as preemptors if the title proved good, or
of losing the price of the land and improvements
if the title proved bad.
The only valid objection I know or can con-
ceive of to the passage of this bill is this: to sur-
vey these lands ns they have heretofore been sur-
veyed would leave the quarter suctions of public
land bordering upon them irregular. But that
objection loses all its force when we take into con-
sideration the fact that in almost every instance,
and probably in every instance, where this bill
will have any operation, the Government lands
surrounding these ranches have been surveyed
and sold with reference to the surveys which this
bill authorizes to be made. Rather than that the
bill should operate to the advantage of speculators
we propose, by the substitute which wo shall offer,
to limit the amount of land which any one person,
firm, or company is allowed to purchase to one
thousand acres. I am aware that upon this side
of the continent that would be considered a large
farm. It is not soin California, The bili, as thus
limited, will not fully protect all the parties who
are entitled to relief, but will protect the majority
of them. Parties there have purchased these lands
in amounts varying according to the uses to whi.ch
they proposed to put them. They have generally
purchased in tracts of two, three, or four hundred
acres. I do not believe that any man in California
can carry on farming advantageously with less than
three or four hundred acres. For pasturing, stock-
raising, and wool-growing, they have purchased
larger quantities, in some instances three or four
thousand acres. But we prefer, in all such cases
that the parties should bo restricted in amount to
one thousand acres, rather than to allow specu-
lators to take advantage of the provisions of the
bilL As a-general thing, those who have pur-
chased in larger quantities have purchased less
valuable lands, and have put upon them less val-
uable improvements, and therefore the depriving
them of the opportunity of repurchasing the full
amount will not operate as severely upon them as
it would be upon others.
Now, I know it is the most difficult thing in
the world to make this House understand the con-
dition of things in California. Here you have
been accustomed to see the settlements made upon
the public lands only in accordance with the Gov-
ernment surveys; and it is very difficult for any
one to conceive the confusion into which the
homes and interests of these parties who have
made their surveys and settlements only with re-
ference to the topography of the country, will be
thrown if you now compel them to adjust their
surveys and settlements to the township surveys
of the Government. It would compel them to
move all their improvements; A would take B's
orchard, and C would take D's vineyard, &c.
They would be compelled to removeall their fences
and everything of that kind; and in California
fences cost two or three times as much as the
Government price of the land. I have myself
some little experience in farming, and T know
about what it costs to mako fences in California
where we have to procure our fencing materials
from distances of five, ten, and, in some instances,
fifty miles. There are very few sections in Cal-
ifornia, at least where this bill will be operative,
where a good fence can be put around a tract of one
hundred and sixty acres for less than $1,000; while
at the Government price, which a party would pay
for it, the land would amount to little more than two
hundred dollars. If, therefore, you require them
now to govern themselves by the United States
surveys, you injure them in double the amount
the Government would receive for the land, and
that, too, without benefiting anybody.
The opposition to this bill has come from two
quarters. It has come from aclass of men in Cal-
ifornia who seek to benefit themselves by the labor
and toil of their neighbors. They seek, wherever
a man has valuable improvements running over
the quarter section on which his house is located,
to take possession of those improvements under
the preemption laws of the Government, without
making to him any compensation for them. Is it
right that they should be allowed to do that? The
prosperity of California has in a. great measure
been built up by these men. Why rob them of
the product of their toil? If the effect of this bill
would be to oust a single settler from the land
upon which he is located, or to which he has any
title or right, I am the last man that would advo-
cate it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. This bill only proposes to
begin to grant reliefafter the Spanish title is voided.
1 would ask the gentleman why he proposes to
disturb the regularity of the United Stales surveys,
and throw us into the wild confusion of local sur-
veys, the effects of which we have witnessed in
Kentucky and elsewhere?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. If the gentleman
had listened to my argument, he would have
heard the reason assigned.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I cannot hear the
gentleman where I sit.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I supposed that
I spoke loud enough to be heard all over the Hall.
It is for the purpose of protecting the improve-
ments which these men have put upon their lands
—their fences, houses, orchards, and vineyards,
which are worth twenty times, and, in many in-
stances, forty times the Government price of the
lands. The object is to give them the benefit of
their improvements, which are the result of their
patient toil. There can be no objection to it, for
the reason that all the surrounding lands have
been surveyed and sold, in most instances.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman represents
that the brother of General Price and some others
are going about preempting the lands of certain
parties whom he describes as actual settlers. I
do not understand how they can do that. I want
him to explain under what law any person can go
and preempt the land of an actual settler.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I suppose the
gentleman is well aware that a man can only pre-
empt one hundred and sixty acres. Now, sup-
pose he has been so unfortunate, under the cir-
cumstances, as to have purchased three hundred
acres of land, and has improved that much, he can
only hold one hundred and sixty acres under the
preemption laws. Is there any reason why his
neighbor, who has never done anything to ad-
vance the interests of the country, should be al-
lowed to take advantage of the fact that he is
unable to hold the whole of his land under the
preemption laws to possess himself of property
earned by another?
Now, sir, we have thought it prudent to exempt
from the operation of this bill the city and county
of San Francisco, for the reason that the land
titles there have been pretty well digested and
settled. There were claims there upon claims,
four or five deep, which have been adjudicated and
settled, and we do not propose to disturb titles
which, after years of litigation, we can begin to feel
some confidence in. When I was interrupted by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I was about to
remark that by no possible construction could this
bill interfere with the rights of any bona Jide set-
tler, or I would not advocate it. There is no class
of persons in this country more entitled to the con-
sideration of the Government than the settlers,
those who have gone out in the van of civilization,
and to whom so much of the present prosperity
and wealth of the country is due. I am the last
man who would do anything to injure this class
of our citizens. I never did any act in my life
that afforded me so much gratification as my vote
fiving to these parties their homes without cost.
am aware of the hardships that surround them;
I am aware of their merits, and they shall never
suffer wrong from me; but the class that I have
been describing stand in precisely the same posi-
tion, only that they have been, from the force
of circumstances, compelled to rely upon the gen-
uineness ofgrants which were universally believed
to be good, but which have been rejected after
years of litigation, or take what they honestly be-
lieved to be agreater hazard. They now ask the
favorable consideration of Congress in allowing
them to purchase their possessions in such a man-
ner as to save their improvements, by paying the
full Government price therefor. If Congress shall
refuse this, the prosperity of large sections of Cal-
ifornia will be materially retarded.
I have here, Mr. Speaker, a petition, signed
by a great many of the principal men of San
Francisco, asking for the passage of a law of
this character; and also another, signed by a large
number of persons, located upon one of these
grants. I ask that the petition be read, as it will
show the circumstances under which the settlers
upon one ranchcr have purchased, occupied, and
improved their lands, which they now desire to
repurchase from the Government.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress, assembled:
The undersigned, your petitioners, respectfully represent:
That in the year 1843 AI. G. Valicjo had occupied find
used, claiming under a grant and cession from the Mexican
Government, a ceitam tract of land Mluated in the counties
of Napa and Solano, in the State of California, commonly
known as the Soscoi itancho.
Thar in the year 1847 Thomas 0. Laikin, United States
consul, and one Robett Semple, having puichased a tract
of land five miles in length, by one in width, fiom the ori-
ginal grantee, founded the city of Benicia, which has since
the year 1850 been an incorporated city and town, and now
contains about thicp thousand inhabitants.
The town of Valleyo, the site of which was also deiived
from the original giantee, was founded in the year 1850,
was for a time the capital of the State, and now contains
about fifteen hundted inhabitants.
The pnncipal military depot of the United States upon
the Pdeilie coast adjoins the town of Bemeia, and was a
portion of thp purchase aforesaid of Lark in and Semple,
and was by them donated to the Government. The whole
of the grant has now passed from the hands of the original
grantee, and is held by purchasers from him and his grantees,
in parcels, varying from the size of a town lotto five thou-
sand aeies, which is the largest amount held by anyone
person, (and theie is only one who holds that amount,) in
various shapes and amounts, (as may be seen by reference
to the accompaujing map.) The larger poition of the
land is held and cultivated for farming purposes, by numer-
ous different parties, in parcels comprising from eighty to
