1862.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Grider,
IIo. op Reps.
inve*tie*ttion4n qouits of justice? Andlctus with caution
indulce the supposition, that morality can be maintained
without lelfyicm. Whatever may be conceded to the in-
fluence of roiinod education on minds of peculiar struetuie,
leason uud experience both forbid us to expect that na-
tional morality can prevail in exclusion of leligious prin-
ciples.
" It is substantially true4 that virtue or moiallta is a ne-
cessary spring of popular government. The iiffe indeed
extends, wall more or less force, to every species of free
froveinment. Who, that is a biuceie fuend to it, can look
with indifference upon attempts to bhake the foundation of
the fabric
Such is the instruction from that celebrated and
inestimable public document.
In further allusion to the causcs which may dis-
tract the union of the States, he says:
ul have already intimated to you the danger oi paitio<
til the State, wall particular reference to the founding of
them on gooizidplncal discummations. Let me now take
a moie comprehensive view, and wain you, ni the mo-t
solemn niannei, against the bdiielui effects of the spirit of
paity generally.
"The spuit, unfortunately, is inseparable fiom our na-
tuifN having its mot in the stiongest pas=ion< of tlie human
mind. It exists! under different shapo6, in all Government,
more ot les< stifled, controlled, or repressed; but m tho.se
of the popular form, it i* seen m its greatest umkness, and
id truly their worst enemy.
" The alternate domination of one faction over anothci,
sharpened by the spiiit of revenge, natural to p.uty dimen-
sion, which, in different ages and countries, hn* peipetuued
the most horrid enormities, is itself afiightlul despotism.
But this leads at length to a more l'oimal and permanent
despotism. The disoiders and miseries which icsult grad-
ually incline the minds of men to seek sccuuty and iepo«;e
in the absolute power of an individual, and, sooner oi Uue.i,
the chief of some prevailing faction,more ubjeoi moieior-
lunate than his competitor, turns this disposition to the
puiposes of his own elevation on the nuns ot public IU>-
eity.
Without looking forward to an extremity of tlii- kind,
(which, nevettlieles.s, ought never to be eumely out of
sight,) the common and continual mischiefs of the spnitot,
[huty aie sufficient to make it the niteie&L .mil (Mil \ ot a
u's■■ c1 people to di^eomage and lestiasn it
■Mt reives always to di^tiact the public cotniciN, anil
enfeeble Hie [lublie"administration. It agitalcs tile commu-
nity with ill-founded jealousies and ful:-c Hiatal*; kindles
the animosity of one pint against another; foment, occa-
sionally, riot anil lnsnnection. It opens the dooi to loieign
jnllucnce ami coiruption, which find a facilitated access to
the Government itself, thiongh the channels of pauy p.i—
Mons. Thus the policy and the will ot one eountiy aicsiili-
■ected to the policy and will ofanotliei.''
I have read those extracts fur the purpose of
sustaining the remarks winch I have submitted tu
the House. And I desne now to make one fur-
ther reflection. I ask evety man upon this (lour,
and every man who has toad anything at all,
whether the people of the ditfeient sections have
not been wrought up to this highly excited and
dangerous state of feeling; whether the South was
not stimulated to go into this secession movement
unci to take up arms against the Union, by the
sectional jealousies and the spirit of pai ty referred
to by the Father of his Country, each section
.alike guilty in producing the excitement? How
has it been here? A man front one section of the
country gets up and denounces the institutions of
another section, and in lus own section his denun-
ciations are regarded as very spirited, while they
inflame and excite the people against whom they
are" directed. Sectional jealousy mid bad feeling
among the people are the inevitable result. When
these denunciations of my people and their insti-
tutions are published, they are read and applauded,
however unjust and illogical they may be shown
to be by my friend from Massachusetts, [A(r.
Thomas.] The true interests of the country de-
mand that good feeling should exist between all
sections of our people, and that justice should be
meted out to all with an even hand. Let party
strife ceise; let there no longer be a crusade-
started against the property and rights of any
class of the citizens of the United States; let jus-
tice and good feeling prevail, and I have no lear
for the maintenance of this Union and this Gov-
ernment. It will not be long then before this na-
tion will be more powerful and glorious than ever.
We will then take higher rank among the nations
of the earth, after having put down a rebellion
more gigantic than ever before threatened the
istcnce of any Government. It will seem as it
thin Government was ordained of God to stand
and be politically the model of the whole earth.
Mr. Speaker, the whole work before us is the
suppression of this rebellion, and the protection
and' preservation of the Union as we received it
from our fathers. I believe that it will be done.
1 believe that the Union will be perpetual. 1 be-
lieve that the people of the South, who have been
misled and deceived more than any other people
by the leading secessionists, will, as soon ass their
eyes are open to the truth, gladly return to their
allegiance.
I come now to say a word or two on another
subject. The men from the border States have
been taunted by some of the members fiom the
other Stales with having been lukewarm in favor
of the Government. This is not true. There sits
a gentleman who has the confidence of this House.
Ask him, and he will tell you what the men of the
border States have done for this Government.
Two thirds of the people of those States, in their
devotion tu the Union and the Constitution, have
been reckless of their property and their lives.
For the Government they have suffered more than
any man can tell. Pass through the trials which
they have encountered, and then gentlemen may
appreciate the unsurpassed heroism of their devo-
tion. But we aslc nobody 5s compliments or sym-
pathy. We intend to do our duty to the country
to thu last, whether gentlemen appreciate it or not.
Cheered by a good conscience, fiom such men we
appeal to facts and history. Sir, there arc thou-
sands and tens of thousands of men in these bor-
der States who have sent their sons to the battle-
field, who would rather sink beneath the soil m
an instant all their treasures and all their house*
hold, themselves included, rather than that this
Government should go down.
Now, Mr. Speaker, though I am not a man of
much self-confidence, yet 1 think I mil a man of
good common sense, and let me tell you and this
House that I understand my own people, their
fouling and mteiosts, from long and intimate as-
sociation with them, and yet <wmtleim:n upon this
floor, who never saw my constituents, profess to M
know all about their situation and then* wants, j
Gentlemen of the sea-board, wjio lepresent the j
vast interests of commerceand trade and shipping, j
of the mercantile and naval matine, let me, ask |
you if we of the border Slates have ever wii liliekl !
our support fiom any of those interests? Never,
never. .Now, coming ironi Kentucky, as 1 do, i
having seaicely seen a whip in my hfe, except
occasionally upon JLnke Hue, oi some other ofour ,
inland watm s, if 1 should rise up h( re and tell you j
that 1 understood all about cmnnieiee, all about
navy and dock-yai ds, all about at ms, cannon, and
ordnu!ic<^toies,.igreatdeal better than you do who
have had practical experience in connection with
these m a tie is all your Jivos, you would not believe
me, would you5 Now, gentlemen, I teilyou you arc
precisely in that predicament in reference to the
affairs of Kentucky and her people. You tell me '
that this project of emancipation, as8 far as you can j
go, must and shall be cartied out. I tell you you j
know nothing about the interest, feelings, sensi- j
bill ties, and associations of the people of the boi - !
der States. Whom, fiom the State of Kentucky, j
have you hoaul get up here and announce that (
he was a pro-slavei y man originally and forever:'
Not one. That is not now up, we stand upon
the Constitution, and claim our lights under it.
L-hit we were bo in in the midst of that institution,
and we know something about it I teij you that
the legislation of this Congiess has been injutious
to the interests in the border States through and
by this question of slavery. It makes intimations
that may not be rightly received and understood;
ltjrivcs hope to the enemies and does not strengthen
tire ft lends of this Union. J did not intend to al-
lude to the abolition of slavery in the Disltict of
Columbia; but! willreiei simply to the cffects and
K-sults of it i t is too late to argue against it, for
it is a thing of the past. I voted against it, and
that is sufficient for the present. Two thirds of
the people of Kentucky are good Union men, and
one thud active, vigilant, and bold secessionists;
and they .seize upon this matter of emancipation
in the District of Columbia, and make their peo-
ple believe that it is the policy of this Adminis-
tration to set the slaves free eveiy where. I Ins
the A.duuuistraUon has denied.
Again: our war orders have been unfortunate,
furmshmg the* secessionists with another argu-
ment to uphold then* cause. Jn the fiist place,
slaves were excluded from the camps of the sol-
diers. That was just and right; but now—and
that is what the secessionists seize upon—you
have established a new article of war, by which
it is ordained that any olBccr shall be arrested
who shall aid in delivering a fugitive slave to his
master.
I assure you, gentlemen, that the legislation of
this Congress upon the question of slavery is ex-
ceedingly difficult to be explained to our constit-
uents, even by those of fervid eloquence, un-
doubted integrity, and who possess the utmost
confidence of their constituents. You are embar-
rassing us by this legislation, and you have been
all the time, and hence it may be supposed that *
we feel some considerable interest upon this sub-
ject.
We are a people of warm temperament; some-
times moved by impulse at the expense of our
deliberation. 1 hope i may have a just delibera-
tion of things and keep cool, for I have made up
my mind to take things just as they come,'mold-
ing events as they transpire to the best of my abil-
ity, and then to go home and tell my constituents
1 am a Union man, and that it is my greatest glory
to sustain the Union and the Government our
fathers left to us as a sacred inheritance; for the
Union first, last, and forever.
Now, 1 want to read you an extract from the
writings of this same Judge Parker, to whom my
colleague [Mr. Wickliffe] leferred a few mo-
ments since, and I want to apply his remarks to
my argument in reference to this legislation. He
says:
"The Constitution [when it was formed] left sjraveiy
just as it found it, except in two or tlnee particulars. It
provided for an appoitummont of icpresentation upon a
certain --hm' hasi> ; but this did not alter the statu* of the
slave, or give Coneie-s any power to chance or modify it. It
iMve auI lion(y to Honctc,^ to prohibit tho slave trade after
ItiwVund Autliomy h.v* bevn It imposed the
dutv ofdeliwiiim up tiiguivp drives Constitutionally and
lo«iiIIv -peaking it ^ a-: right that thw duty should he per
(oniied. a> it is that the power to prohibit the slave liude
should he rxeu'Ked.'"
Some men seem to suppose that a thing is con-
stitutional if it concurs with then views of polities.
Hut we have got to look at the whole Constitution
and do what ft directs, whether it is pleasant or
unpleasant. Judge Parker continues:
[ "Without the Consinution, lieithfi the power nor the
! duty would luve existed The n^tnnnent which con fen
I thi one. < qii.Ulv nnpobef the othci. To eM'icisiMhe power,
i and I'-liiM-to peiiDini the duly, i* not meiely uucon titu-
i uonal, u ii <i naud."
! And now conn's the point which more immc-
] dlately relates to the argument I am making:
i u Jill Slate Ian s, therefore, enactcd w'Uh a design of evsr/l-
I intj the pa jot m/niceof the duly, are a notation of a constitu-
tional ob!i<>ulmn, an-! can v'cil/ier be justified by law nor
rj-amcit l ! any tode ofmoraU The Constitution hinrte the
[lulled States, on application, to protect e;ieh State a^aiuyt
dome-tie violence, which may include a servile nmmec-
tion; hut thi?* do in not change the iclation ol mastci and
slave."
Now, what is (he application? It is that this
.spirit of U^Ulation in its te.ndnicy is against the
pledges of the Administration that slavery is not to
be intei'feral with in the States. Mark you, I
have not said it will be interfered with. 1 receive
the President's pledges yet, and mean to do so, as
an honest man, as far as is just and proper, He
is charged, under God, with the momentous task
of suppressing this rebellion and restoringull the
people and all the States to their constitutional
rights. And mark you, too, that whatever may be
tlie status and condition of a State, that rebellion
or insurrection does not change the status, nor the
relation of master and slave.
1 have made this aigument, not m the spirit
of complaint against anybody, but to show you
that the tendency of this legislation is to increase
our embarrassment in particulai localities of this
Union ! Well, if we cannot get sound legislation,
we must appeal to the courts and get sound adju-
dication.
And now I wish to allude to the action of the
|! Legislature of Kentucky. I am proud of being
if a Kentuekmn. i was born on the blufl of our
ij river Kentucky, and I love Kentucky. I pray
ji this Union may be as eternal as her cliffs, and her
il patriotism as clear and pure as its wateis; and I
want to show to the House and to the country
that when we took our position here in the
of Congress, that position was appreciated by
Kentucky, and that it was indorsed and ratified
as the true position, the true sentiment, the true
pathway of "patriotism, and the only pathway of
safety to the Constitution and the perpetuity of
