1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
All this, as I endeavored to show the other day,
but proves that it has been with us as with other
nations—an unwise, unnecessary inflation of the
currency beyond the legitimate wants of trade,
always ending in disaster and distress.
Let us ponder well the experiences of the past
that we may better understand the wants of the
present and the need of the future. To my own
judgment it is perfectly clear that the Government
must take the regulation of the currency into its
own keeping. I see no alternative to preserve the
credit of the Government and provide ways and
means to carry on the war but to pass this bill,
unless you submit to ruinous sacrifices, as in 1812,
taking from the pockets of the people to fill those
of the capitalist and speculator. Shall we be justi-
fied, when the Government possesses this mighty
power to help itself, in refusing its exercise, and
leavingit to the prey of those whose voracity knows
no bounds? I think 1 have shown ftom the his-
tory of the currency of this country that we could
hardly adopt any system that would be more un-
stable than that which we have had during the
largest part of the nation's history.
Hut if the Government supplies the currency,
say the enemies of this bill, you will have the same
state of things that was before occasioned by in-
flation of the bank currency. Like causes pro-
duce like effects. Undoubtedly you will, in such
degree, however, as would not be harmful. We
are now situated, so far as our business interests
are concerned, just as we have been always in
periods of great revulsion—as we were in 1837,
when our credit was prostrated, our currency de-
ranged, and confidence destroyed—with an over-
whelming indebtedness that could not be imme-
diately liquidated. Then, as now, our people
were suffering, notwithstanding we had overflow-
ing granaries and ample resources, with all the
elements of real wealth in affluent supply; for the
wealth of every people consists, not in its gold and
silver, but in its productions and capacity to pro-
duce. All the avenues of productive industry were
closed, with a stagnant trade paralyzing for the
moment the mighty energies of this great people.
Now, what was necessary to be done to revive
trade and make available the resources of the coun-
try? It was to restore confidence and supply a
currency sufficient to meet the wants of trade. The
remedy was at hand, but unfortunately it was al-
ways abused. With no check upon bank issues and
no control over the currency by the Government,
a returning prosperity was always followed by
undue expansion and excessive inflation, which
robbed the poor and ruined the unsuspecting.
This is what we need to guard against, and
the most important step towards such a consum-
mation, in my judgment, is to adopt substantially
this bill, with adequate although burdensome tax-
ation, which we must make up our minds to;
without it you will have all the evils upon you,
and more, too, than have been predicted; and I
would no more vote for tlus bill without accom-
panying taxation than I would vote to sink the
nation. Pass this measure, and provide for the
redemption of all the paper issues of the country
by basingthem upon Government stocks, thereby
securing a safe and uniform currency, and you
have as much protection against these oft-recur-
ring evils as by any system it is possible to devise
in the present condition of the country. It is said
• the experience of all history is against it. Not
so; but always to the contrary, without an ex-
ception, when accompanied by proper taxation.
In our own country, as I haveshown m the early
history of Massachusetts, and in several other
colonies before the Revolution. Government pa-
per was made a legal tender with most beneficent
results, so long as it was supported by suitable
taxation.
But, some say you will flood the country with an
irredeemable paper currency. Not at all. There
can be no more issues than the real necessities oi
the Government require, and the legitimate wants
of trade demand. The Government cannot make
issues like the banks for profit, and furnish means
to speculators. Its issues must necessarily be
limited to its absolute wants, and all admit that
these must be supplied at any cost and every
hazard. It is idle to talk about its worihlessness
or serious depreciation, because it is not immedi-
ately convertible into gold and silver. No consid-
erable portion of the currency of the country is
noworeverhas been immediately convertible into
specie. It rests for its security upon the confidence
of the people in the ability for its ultimate redemp-
tion from the proceeds of the property which it
represents. Take away this confidence, and the
paper currency of the country becomes as worth-
less for any useful purpose in the present as so
many rags. As long as Government issues are
limited to a bare supply of its imperative necessi-
ties, no matter how abundant they are, they must
have our confidence ;for confidence, the world over,
depends upon the ability and power of ultimate re-
demption, and it matters but little how distant the
day. The people know you have the power, and
if they see you but willing to tax, there cannot be
the slightest difficulty. To say such securities
are not good because they are not immediately
convertible into specie, is as absurd as to say that
the note of an individual is not good who owes
ten thousand dollars of immediate liabilities, and
has a million of dollars' worth of property to meet
them with, which is not immediately available.
A short time since a friend of mine, with a large
estate, found himself suddenly and unexpectedly
called upon to meet some engagements in the shape
of indorsements which he was required to pay.
He called upon me for advice; and said he, I have
got a large estate, but no money. What should
he do} tlis name upon a note was never dishon-
ored before. I said to him, take up the small
claims with your notes on demand, which you can
soon pay from your income, and the larger ones
renew until such time as you can make available
your large resources. There will be no difficulty
in arranging it, as long as these parties know your
ability for ultimate payment. But, said he, sup-
pose they refuse to accommodate, what should he
do? He could not possibly meet the notes at
maturity. They will not refuse, said I, because
it is not for their interest to do so; and if they do,
you have the power to compel them to wait, and
you must exercise it. If you have done the best
you can, you have performed your duty. Now,
the Government is precisely in that man's situa-
tion, and its course is equally clear.
It is further said, you have no moral right to
make these paper issues a legal tender if you have
a constitutional right; because you practically de-
stroy the measure of value, and make a man take
§900 for $1,000. The practical effect of altering
the currency at any time in any form, either by
alloying the coinage, or expanding or contracting
paper issues, must necessarily hav.e that effect.
Yet who ever heard that objection raised before?
Mr. Webster once said that many people suppose
that they can determine their duty upon all ques-
tions of ri£ ht and wrong by an absolute stand-
ard of abstract principle, ]ust as easily as you
could solve a problem in Euclid. But, said he,
this cannot be done. In order to determine duty
you must look to consequences, not upon a few,
but upon all.
The tenuie of all property is held by the con-
sent and regulation of the Government, and it is
the imperative duty of all Governments so to ad-
just it as to produce the greatest amount of good
to all the governed. Shall the Government be
deterred from the exercise of its high powers be-
cause it will necessarily equalize more the division
of property, when its very destruction is threat-
ened; which to avert, it is absolutely necessary
should be done ? It seems to me such an objec-
tion is tiifling with the great interests of the peo-
ple. To dispose of the bonds of the Government
at anything greedy avarice may dictate—and the
alternative really amounts to this—rather than
resort to this measure, is sucking the very life-
blood of the nation to fertilize the already prolific
soil of the capitalists; in other words, benefiting
the few upon the rum of the many. I have as
little sympathy with those who laise this objec-
tion in holy horror as I have with him who is
shocked beyond measuieat his neighbor's taking
extra interest for his money, however trifling,
when its scarcity will command it, but who can
see no wrong in charging double price for wood
and eon] to the, freezing widow and orphan elnl-
dien because their necessities require u and the
scarcity of the article will permit it.
If you do not adopt this measure you will see
the country flooded with an irredeemable bank
cuirency, a great deal of which will be found, as
after the war of 181:2, utterly worthless. At that
tune Government securities were exchanged at
eighty cents on the dollar for worthless bank prom-
ises, not worth the paper upon which they were
written. Why,I ask, are Government securities
worth in the market to-day but ninety cents on
the dollar in exchange for irredeemable bank pa-
per? Is it because they have confidence in bank
paper, or because it will command specie? Not
at all; but because the bank paper will liquidate
the obligations of debtors.
It is for you to determine whether Government
obligations shall be as good as irredeemable bank
notes; and whether you will allow these irredeem-
able issues to be preferred and take precedence of
a national currency issued by a Government that
never repudiated a dollar of its indebtedness; and
a nation whose fabulous growth, immense inter-
ests, and exhaustless resources have excited the
wonder and admiration of an astonished world. I
confess that when I reflect upon our condition,
and the misery and suffering which such a policy
inflicts upon the business interests of the country,
I can have no toleration for such suicidal action.
Congress has the power to inaugurate to-day a
system of financial policy, both for Government
and people, which will establish our prosperity
upon a firm foundation, and give strength and sta-
bility to all our institutions; and I conjure you,
by ail the memories of the past and every hope
in the future, not to disappoint in this moment of
peril the just expectations of the American people.
Mr. WRIGHT obtained the floor.
Mr. SPAULD1NG. I move that the committee
riso, with a viovfrof closing this debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 hope this motion will be
agreed to, and that this bill will be pressed to a
vote to-day.
Mr. SPAULDING. I desire to say, in con-
nection with this motion, that I have, within the
last two or three houvs, received a note from the
Secretary of the Treasury, informing me that it is
absolutely necessary that we should press this
measure to a vote without further delay. There-
fore 1 move that the committee rise, with a view
of closing debate.
Mr. IiORTON. I wish to say that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means do not make this mo-
tion, and I hope it will be voted down. [" Good 1"
" Good!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that this motion is not debatable.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to lay the motion
upon the table.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order in committee.
The question being upon the motion that the
committee rise,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG demanded tellers.
Teileis were ordered; and Messrs. Blair, of
Missouri, and Thomas, of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—yeas 52, nays 62.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. With the permission of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I wish to make
one word of explanation in reference to the mo-
tion I made. The object of the motion was sim-
ply that we should limit this debate, with a view
that we might take a vote upon the bill to-morrow,
say at one o'clock. I expected to go immediately
back into committee to allow the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to make his speech, and then to al-
low Mr. Horton to speak, and then Mr. Ste-
vens, in close of the debate. After that the vote
could be taken.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then you
arrange the manner in which speeches shall be
made on this floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to know whether
the gentleman fiom New York has any right to
faim out the floor?
Mr. SPAULDING. I make this explanation
with a view to show the House that 1 have no
disposition to cut off any member of the com-
mittee, or to force a vote unduly. The motion
was made under the necessity which, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury assures us, exists for passing
this bill. I did not make it with a view to cutoff
those who are entitled to vspeak, by courtesy or
otherwise. I think this explanation will satisfy
the House that there was no effort upon my part
to force ci vote improperly. I did not expect to
s have a vote until to-morrow at one or two o clock,
i] After the debate is closed, we proceed to voting
11 upon amendments which are pending and which
