662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
tfta^be offered, and then five-minute speeches will
bean order, as upon other bills. Those speeches
can be continued until amendments arc exhausted.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is not my design to inflict
an hour's speech upon the House, and I have
already entered into an arrangement with my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Horton,] by which I
agreed to divide my hour with him. I suppose
the House will have no objection to confirming
that agreement.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will reserve my
right to object when the proper time arrives.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I have never
been more embarrassed in my life as to how I
should cast my vote than I am in regard to the vote
I am about to cast upon this bill; for as I live, I
have no object or desire to embarrass the Govern-
ment in regard to any of its measures, or the meas-
ures of any of the committees of this House,
which have in view the putting down the rebellion
now upon our hands. I am willing to do anything
I constitutionally can, to bring about that result
which, of all others, is most desirable; but at the
same time, Mr. Chairman, I have the obligations
of a constitutional oath resting upon me. I do not
desire, and it is not my intention, unless we arrive
at a period when there are more difficulties sur-
roundingus than there arc now, to violate the ob-
ligations of that oath. If it is to be done, it must
be done in a case of more extremity than we have
now upon us.
I voted, sir, to approve the #ct of the Presi-
dent of the United States to suspend the privilege
of the writ of habeas corjms.
Mr. HUTCI-IINS. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that this is a spccial order before the com-
mittee.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the gentleman has intelli-
gence enough, he will see that I am in order. If
he has not 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
stated his point of order. He will state it.
Mr. HCJTCHINS. My point of order is that
the Treasury note bill is a special order, and
therefore that the discussion must be confined to
the subject-matter. It eeems to me that the re-
marks of the gentleman are not relevant to this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cluur does not per-
ceive that the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania are irrelevant to the bill. The gen-
tleman will proceed.
Mr. WRIGHT. A second Daniel, although
he may have come to judgment, has not thrown
us, Mr. Chairman, from our platform. If there
is anything on earth I dislike, it is to be inter-
rupted by a gentleman who fancies that lie can
look further into a millstone than I can myself.
I was going on to slate that 1 voted, during the
extra session of Congress, to affirm the act of the
President of the United States in the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus, I voted also to ap-
prove his act by which he declared certain of our
seaports in a state of blockade. I also voted to
approve his act declaring the establishment uf mil-
itary law. I did it for the sole reason that I re-
garded, at that time, that the exigency had arisen
which justified us and the President of the United
States himself in violating a constitutional provis-
ion. It was a vote in extremis. 1 voted the other
day also to give the President of the United States
the control ofall the railroads m the country for the
transmission oftroops. Nay, I went further than
that, and voted for a clause in that bill which gave
to the President the privilege of bringing into the
public servicc the officcis and employes of all the
railroads of the country. I did that because it was
an extreme case. And now we are called upon,
according to the terms of this bill, to vole to de-
clare it to be constitutional and legal to make paper
itself money.
Now, sir, I do not feel justified in going so far
as to cast my vote for any such measure. 1 am
well aware that the troubles which arc upon us
are of the most serious kind of any difficulties
which can befall a nation. I am willing to con-
cede that even the question of our national exist-
ence is at stake, and perhaps there has not been
a more gloomy period since Congress assembled
than we have upon us at this very time.
It becomes necessary that Congress should raise
money, and what is humiliating to me is that the
credit of the nation is not able to make loans of
mon<\v of foreign countries. It cannot be done. We
cannot look to the English Government for loans.
We cannot look to the French Government for
loans. I do not think there is any Government in
Europe that we can expect to make an advance
to us, in the shape even of making us the loan
necessary to carry on the war. It brings us back
to the position that the American Congress must
stand upon its own basis. We must rely upon
our own elements of power and strength. The
giant is writhing, and they are attempting to put
upon him the chains. The question of liberty
itself is at stake. I believe we have yet those
elements of power, of strength, and of greatness
that will bear us above this terrible conflict which
is extending from one end of this country to the
other.
I have an abiding faith in the honesty, thehonor,
and the integrity of the American people; and I
believe they will notstand idly by, withhold their
treasures, or only contribute them grudgingly,
when they are to be used in saving the Govern-
ment. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I am one of
those who do not wish, in this groat emergency,
to resort to a subterfuge. If we have money letus
biing it into use. I will vote for taxation to the
very uttermost limit. The people have means
enough in their hands. As the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Crisfield] said this morning in
his well-timed remarks, if we must resort to a
thing of doubtful expediency, Jet that resort be
made as the last act of the drama. Let us not com-
mcnce at the outstart by attempting to do, m the
first place, an unconstitutional act, and in the sec-
ond place by putting ourselves into positions which
will, in my opinion, bring upon the country a
worse ruin than the arms of rebels have already
brought upon it. If I were clear in my own mind
that Congress had the right and power to make
paper money a legal tender with reference to all the
transactions of Government, even making its ap-
plication retrospective as well as prospective, I
should have no hesitation in casting my vote in
favor of this bill. If we are compelled to flood the
country with an issue which has no time for re-
demption, that being at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment, 1 would clothe the issue with all the
power which the Government has to give it cur-
rency.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,]
in his remarks the other day, entirely exhausted
this, subject. He presented it in a way that has
not been met by gentlemen on the other side of
the question; and I take it upon me to say that
his argument cannot be met. The position that
he took was one which, according to my view of
this matter, was invincible. Now, sir, if Con-
gress, in its attempt to put this currency upon the
country must, in the first place, trample on the
provisions of the Constitution to efleet that, and
must besides run the risk of what view the Su-
preme Court may take of the measure, I ask
whether it is wise,prudent, and just to incur such
risks and hazards.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, who last
spoke, (Mr. Alley,] made a remark that Mr.
Webster had changed Ins views with reference to
the sentiments which he expressed in the Senate
on the subject of constitutional currency. Pray,
let me ask that gentleman when it was that Dan-
iel Webster changed his views on so momentous
and important a question as that? Can he refer
me to the time and occasion, or to whom the com-
munication of such a change as that was made?
If he cannot, 1 cannot permit the statement which
he has made to have currency and credit in this
committee. If I were io say that Daniel Webster
waw one of the greatest, constitutional lawyers in
the land, I would be only repeating what every
gentlemen here must know. There is no dispute
among us with regard to that. Mr. Webster, in
i a speech made m 1836, says:
| "Tins i« a constitutional principle, peiiectly plain, and
i of the very lngiie-4 unpoitance. The Slater rue e\pte^]y
piohibited Horn mrikingnnythinsibut^oUi and silver a tender
in payment* <>i debts; and although no Mich expse-^ piobi-
Ijilion i-< applied to Conine-*, yet, as Cou</i e-s ha.-. no power
planted to it, in thi.> respect,' but to confmoney and to reg-
ulate the value of lorei^n it clcaily has no power to
«aib>titufe papei, nt amthnig eKo, Mi com, a=- a tundci in
pajment ol debts and m di-ebai<*e uf eoutiact^."
That sentiment was uttered by Mr. Webster
after he had been twenty-two years in public life.
I only refer to.it as an authority which is not only
entitled to the respect and consideration of the
committee, but as an authority which, in ordinary
matters, ought to be binding on the conscience of
the committee. On another occasion Mr. Webster
says:
Congress can alone colli money. Congress can alone
fix the value of foreign com. No State can coin money.
No State can fix the value of foreign com. No State, not
even Congress itself, can make anything a tender but gold
and silvei m pay/nent of debts."
I am willing, Mr. Chairman, to be bound by an
authority of this character. I feel it an obligation
on me to look with great consideration, perhaps
I might say—now that that distinguished man has
been gathered to his fathers—with reverence, to the
principles which he laid down, and to the con-
clusions at which he arrived.
But not only did the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Pendleton] refer us to tlnfauthority of Mr. Web-
ster, but he referred us also to the debates in con-
vention at the time the Constitution was adopted;
in which it appears that the power to issue bills
of credit on the part of the Government was ex-
cluded m express terms. How can I, under the
oath which I have taken here to support the Con-
stitution, vote to sustain the principle contained
in this bill—namely: that Congress has the power
to emit not only bills of credit, but to make these
bills of credit a legal tender in all transactions of
the Government and among people everywhere
in the country, giving it a retrospective as well as
a prospective effect?
It is said—and there is where I think the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] fell the other
day into a grievous mistake—that this is among
the great powers of the Government. Why, sir,
all the powers that this Government has under the
Constitution are the powers delegated to it by the
several States which thus met in convention. There
is no such thing in construing the Constitution ns
inference. There is nothing to be implied. The
States that met together in convention clothed
Congress with all the powers, in express terms,
that Congress can legitimately exercise under the
Constitution. Who doubts that ? Who can gain-
say that proposition ? The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] stated that in certain countries
shells, leather, and other articles were made cur-
rency; and I suggested to a gentleman sitting near
him at the time he made use of that language,
that as a matter of course Government would have -
a light to do this, if not restricted in its powers.
I suppose that the King of Dahomey has all the
sovereign powers neccssary to make bits of leath-
er, or sea shells, not only a currency, but a legal
tender between his subjects. But there is a mighty
difference between the sovereign power of a State,
wheic there are no restrictions or limits upon it,
and that of the United States, which possess only
powers delegated under a constitution. Not one
iota of power does this Congress possess save
what it derives under the Constitution. In plain
terms have the States written their charter. It is
in language not to be misunderstood. The powers
of the General Government are expressed in the
debates and votes of the men who gave it exist-
ence; in the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States, and of the supreme couits of
the several States; and m the views and votes of
our prcdecessois in the Halls of Congress. It
seems to me that it is vain on our part to attempt
to override these conclusions and to set them at
j naught, in the delusive idea that we have a clearer
I view and a keener perception of the powers with
i which this Government is clothed than had these
worthy men who have gone before us.
! This bill proposes, sir, to throw on the coun-
try, according to the terms of the first section,
$100,000,000 of Treasury notes, payable at no
ij time, payable nowhere—payable at the pleasure
of the Government—and the astounding clause is
I added, tint these Treasury notes, payable at no
place and at no time, shall be lawful money, and
,, a legal tender in payment of all debts, public and
:l private, within the United States. Now, I submit
l! it to this committee as a matter of law, as a correct
■ conclusion from the Constitution itself, that you
cannot, under the Constitution of these United
States, make anything but gold and silver a legal
tender on contracts. I come to this conclusion be-
cause there is no such written power in the Con-
stitution. I come to it because the members of the
convention which framed the Constitution had this
vei y question before them, and decided it by a vote
of nine States on the one side to two on the other.
Now, gentlemen who are in favor of passing this
