264:4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
will allow we to correct him. I said available
lands.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I understood the gentleman
to say two thirds or three quarters of the valua-
ble lands in California. I may be mistaken as
to the use of the word available, instead of valu-
able.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I dislike to be
■placed exactly in the position of standing upon
(lie record as having stated that two thirds or three
quarters of the lands of California are covered by
these grants. The fact really is that but a com-
paratively small portion of the public lands in
California are available. The available lands there
are those lying near the water courses and where
they are within reach of a market; and of those I
still say that two thirds or three quarters are cov-
ered by these Mexican grants.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
after this Government has given to the State of
California the facilities of a special commission
of the district court and of the Supreme Court, in
whieh to sustain these Mexican grants, she has
no right to ask for anything more in that direc-
tion. After having expended so much money in
litigating those Mexican grants, the Government
is surely entitled to all the benefit that may accrue
to it in.the recovery of these lands. I am not will-
ing that these persons, as they have in many in-
stances, shall enjoy the benefits of the frauds that
have been Committed under color of pretended
Mexican grants,by procuring thetitleto the lands.
Let them be placed upon a perfect equality with
all other persons; let them pay for the lands five,
ten, or fifty dollars per acre, if they are worth so
much, and let this be determined by exposing
them to public sale.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to avail
myself of the information which my colleague
may be able to afford on this subject, and espe-
cially relative to this inquiry, whether the diffi-
culty which has been alluded toby the gentleman
from New York, [Mi-.P.A.Conklijig,] and also
by the gentleman who introduced this bill, would
not be met by a provision of this sort: by provid-
ing that these actual bona fide settlers shall have
at §1 25 an acre the quantity of land, as proposed
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg;]
whether they shall not to that extent be placed
upon an equality with preemptors generally in the
country, and then let them be allowed to pur-
chase the residue of their actual bona fide posses-
sions at its fair value ?
In that way these settlers may secure for them-
selves all their lauds, and at the same the difficul-
ties suggested by the gentleman from Californiabe
met; and I would inquire whether it would not
also be a removal of the difficulties which itdoes
strike me every gentleman must see exist, to
allowing the right of preemption m these instances
to a so much larger extent than is allowed on
other portions of the public lands? It seems to
me that justice may bo done both to thoGovern-
ernnicnt and to the settler by allowing him to pay
the just value of his lands beyond one hundred
and sixty acres.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 have no ob-
jection whatever to thatbeingadded to my amend-
ment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Then, with the con-
sent of my colleague, 1 will move to amend the
amendment, us follows:
Stiike out "oik: thousand," and in^nt "one hundred
and .sixty.*' and add as follows:
And shall, moreovei, have the light to purchase the resi-
due of such actual bona fide possession at the true value
thereof, excluding the improvements made thereon by Mich
person in possession.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I am willing, Mr. Speaker,
to leave the decision of this question to the action
of the House. I am not disposed to interpose
any serious obstacle in the way of providing some
relief to'those actual settleis upon lands which
were held under Mexican titles in the State of Cali-
fornia. 1 thought it due, as I said in the outset
of my remarks, that 1 should state some of the
objections which I have to this bill. I believed
when the bill was before the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and I feel now, that more is involved
in this bill than appoars upon its face. I hope,
therefore, that it may either be voted down or
postponed to some future day, if it cannot be so
amended as, while it secures the interest of these
settlers upon the public lands in California, it will
at the same time protect the Government.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 do not desire to prolong
this discussion, and will, therefore, express such
views as I may entertain upon this bill as briefly
as possible. But, sir, there^are some points at-
tempted to be made by the gentleman who last
spoke which call for some notice, both for the pur-
pose of explaining the bill, and also from the fur-
ther fact that, as Californians, we are called on to
vindicate that State from the mistakes or misrep-
resentations which seem to me, one or the other,
to be made when the gentleman from Ohio asserts
that for all the benefits California enjoys in the
Union, for all the advantages'of legislation she
has received at the hands of Congress, she has
never paid one dollar back, she has never made
any return to the people of the United States.
Does not the genleman know that for the last
ten or twelve years she has paid some three mil-
lions of dollars a year into the Treasury of the
United States through her custom-house, and is
that large sum no return for the favors conferred
upon us by the General Government?.And, more
than that, sir, we have in every respect borne our
just proportion of the burdens of the Government.
Has not a tax bill been passed during the present
session of Congress by the aid of our votes wh ich
will compel our people to be taxed heavily for the
relief of the Treasury of the General Government?
Do we not, by the. purchase of the manufactures
of the eastern States, which are taxed, pay a con-
siderable amount of revenue into the General Gov-
ernment? Even our use of the mines to which
the gentleman alludes keeps good the credit of the
Government by furnishing the sinews of war,
and encouraging the business and enhancing the
resources of the country.
But, sir, the single fact stands out in contradic-
tion of the gentleman's statement, that the cus-
tom-house at San Francisco pays annually into
the Treasury of the Government some three mil-
lions of dollars, and I need cite no other fact as a
complete denial of his assertion.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
also suggests that last summer, when a direct tax
was levied upon all the States, California came
forward and was the first State which paid up,
and she paid in gold into the Treasury the amount
levied upon her, asking no abatement, asking no
question, but paying promptly and in full. I say,
then, that we, her Representatives, are entitled to
stand here and assert that it is either a mistake or
a misrepresentation to aver that California has
returned nothing for the benefits conferred upon
her by the General Government.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Is not this tax in the shape
of duty on imports of foreign goods paid by the
State of California the same as that which is paid
by every other State in the Union ?
Mr. SARGENT It is; and I have only re-
ferred to it because the gentleman has stated that
my State pays nothing to the Government. I say
that we have done our full duty to the Govern-
ment. What has the gentleman's State of Ohio
done to pay for the legislation it has received?
Ohio has received the fostering care of the Gov-
ernment ever since it was admitted into the Union
as a State. Now, what has his State done for the
legislation which it has received? If he admits
that his State pays nothing, I admit upon the same
argument, following it out in the same manner,
that our State pays nothing. But I do repel the
imputation made in this House that the State of
California has not done its duty. In order to show
that we have done our full duty, I have pointed
to the fact that we pay a large amount of money
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I do not desire toenterinto
the discussion of this matter, but I will say that
the gentleman from California is right in partand
partly wrong. 1 do not believe that any State
actually pays a dime in the shape of duties on
foreign goods, if you deduct the benefits they
receive from the operations of tariff laws.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman pronounces
upon tin: matter in such a judicial manner that I
presume his assertion is notopen to question,and
the point at issue is disposed of.
Now, sir, there are two classes of settlers in
California. There are two classes of persons who
have connection with these grants. One class we
design to be benefited by this bill, and it is per-
sistently contended that we intend to benefit the
other class. There is one class of men who have
located under grants which were correctand proper
in every respect, and who have never been sus-
pected of fraud in any degree. They passed
through the land commission, through the district
court, and through the Supreme Court, and no man
in California would any more think of locating
his house upon the grants of that character than
he would of locating it upon the shifting sands of
the sea shore,knowingtnat it wasonly necessary
for such claims to be examined in court to be ap-
proved. Now, that class of cases this bill would
not apply to, because they have been confirmed.
But there is another class equally meritorious per-
haps, but it may be with a defect of proof—where
some technicality could be raised, where an in-
genious lawyer could show that there was some
flaw in the title papers—not implying fraud, but
where the claimant could not prove a sufficiently
exact apd literal compliance with the stringent
conditions of the grant as construed by the Su-
preme Court. 1 have an impression that the rules
applied of late by that tribunal are far more strin-
gent than were contemplated by Mexican and
Spanish laws, and more stringent of late than ever
before.
Now, grants thus situated, where possession had
long been held by the grant-holder, where he had
boen in recognized ownership long before Ameri-
cans went to the State, in the opinion of the best
lawyers on this side and in California, were held
to be valid and just. These grants were confirmed
in the land commission and the district court.
Years elapsed before these confirmations had
taken place; our people were crowding there in
large numbers; it was necessary that they should
have homes, some place to locate themselves and
families; but they found the land covered with
Mexican grants. Many of them were fraudulent,
as my colleague suggests, and-they would not
buy when suspicion attached to a grant, ajiy more
than a merchant would take a bad bank note.
These grants covered every acre of land open to
agriculture, open to industry and enterprise ne-
cessary to build up the prosperity of the State.
They concluded to settle upon the land, after
taking the advice of those upon whom they relied.
They were told that there was no doubt about the
confirmation of some of those grants. They went
like honest men, with their money in their hands,
to purchase the land. Some of them would simply
buy town lots. For instance, there is the county
where the city of Benicia stands. They would
go to work and put up a brick store or a wooden
store and transact business. Others would go out
into the country a few miles and pick out land for
farming, and others would go out upon the hills
and begin sheep -or cattle raising.
In the course of time, these grants, after having
been confirmed by the lower courts and uniformly
approved by the judiciary and bar of the State of
California, and by the most eminent lawyers on
this side, came up before the Supreme Court, and
on technicalities of some sort or the other were
rejected. Some lawyer may have been employed
to manage them who did not understand the law,
or the court may have required the proof of mat-
ters impossible of proof in a grant emanating from
a Government subject to constant revolutions, and
which had no system of record, or for the perpet-
uation of testimony. At any rate, they were
thrown out. At this moment there is the town
of Benicia, of four or five thousand people, and
where extensive business is beingdone,and where
there are line stores, and private buildings. There
is another town a few miles from that of Benicia
of a similar character. The country around and
back of these towns is covered by vineyards and
orchards and fields under high cultivation, in-
closed by fences, and dotted with dwellings. For
years and years the possessors have gone on with
these improvements, and yet, by one of these de-
cisions of the Supreme Court, every one of these
persons has been thrown out of his property.
They bought every foot of land they possessed of
the original claimant, who had his right and pos-
session from the Mexican Government long be-
fore this Government had turned its eyes towards
California, and so valid had that title been es-
teemed even by the Government, that this Gov-
ernment has actually purchased of him land for
public purposes. I do not know what defect the
Supreme Court found in this title, or what was
