THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
sand; arid now we are told that there are six or
seven hundred thousand, or at least five hundred
and seventy-two thousand in the service. 1 he
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
referred to the fact, which has been notorious all
over the country, that there are skeleton regiments
in which there are nothingbutofficers, or for-which
but few privates have been enlisted, who have
been drawing pay all along. There are regiments
in my own district, or were not long since, which
were organized eight or nine months ago, and
■which still contain less than half the number of
men required, whose officers have been paid from
the hour when they were first authorized to raise
the regiments.
Now, I have passed that by, because I am not
one of those who propose to go into an investiga-
tion of the acts of the Administration on that sub-
ject at this time. They have the responsibility of
this whole war upon them. Let them take all the
men they choose to take and all the money the
House chooses to appropriate to carry it on, and
see what can be made of it; but when it comes to
a question of honesty in the application of it, I
have the same rights as any other member of the
House.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to say a
few words in reply to what fell from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] The
observation made by the gentleman was that there
are skeleton regiments, the officers of which are
receiving pay. Now, sir, I undertake to say that
that state of facts cannot exist; for the law which
authorized the raising of these volunteers provides
that no men shall be mustered into service as a
regiment or as a company without having the
minimum, which is eight hundred men for a regi-
ment and eighty men for a company.
Mr. VALLANDLOHAM. How about the
nineteenth regiment ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am speaking now
of the volunteer regiments. The regular regi-
ments were organized upon a different principle
altogether, and it will be recollected by the House
that the Committee on Military Affairs resisted
that measure as long as they could.
Mr.VALLANDIGBAM. Has not every offi-
cer authorized by thatbill been appointed, and has
he not drawn pay ever since ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouu. There is no doubt
about the fuct.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to put a question to the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I cannot answer
two gentlemen at once. I will hear the gentle-
man from Massachusetts as soon as I get through
with the gentleman from Ohio. There is no ques-
tion about the fact being as the gentleman has
stated it with reference to the eleven new regiments
of regulars authorized by Congress. The Gov-
ernment was authorized to appoint those officers,
and did appoint them, and almost every member,
upon the floor of this House, or of the Senate, is
as much responsible for that as the Administra-
tion is. The officers were appointed, probably,
before a single man was recruited; and if the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts alluded to those regi-
ments, then his remark was just and applicable,
but in no other sense. The company officers and
field officers til the volunteei service cannot re-
ceive their pay until their companies or regiments
contain the minimum number of men established
by law. I admit that many regiments have been
cut to pieces and decimated in battle and by dis-
ease, and probably the law has not been executed
in regard to them. They have not been where
they could be reorganized or recruited, and the
fragments or remnants of such regiments have
still been employed in the field; and I do not sup-
pose there is a man in this House who would ask
that they should not be.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will yield now
to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
^ Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I do not par-
ticipate in this controversy between the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] and the gen-
tleman fromOhio, [Mr. Vallandigiiam,] or make
myself a party to it at all. I rose for information,
in good faith. I thought it was due to the House
that we should know something about the occa-
sion for this deficit of §30.000,000. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] rose in
explanation, and said that he hud seen a very
beautiful table, which was entirely satisfactory to
him, and that from that table it appeared that
there were five hundred and seventy-two thousand
men in the service. He had evidently made no
investigation behind the table at all. I would like
to ask the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair]
if he has made any investigation, not to ascertain
so much what the law is as to ascertain what the
fact is. I would like to know if the gentleman
from Missouri has gone into any investigation as
to the question of fact. I stated to the House a
moment ago that there were, in point of fact, not
in point of law, skeleton regiments about this
country, drawing upon its Treasury to an alarm-
ing extent, whose only usefulness was in furnish-
ing officers to patrol the streets of cities, and to
exhibit their uniforms and their manners to the
peaceful citizens. [Laughter.] I want to know
fiotn my friend, notwhat the law is, but what the
fact is; and I would like him to give the House
the benefit of his investigation of the fact.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Well, Mr. Chair-
man, I have not had an opportunity of traveling
round the country such as the gentleman from
Massachusetts has had, [laughter,] and, there-
fore, 1 must admit that his range of observation
has been much broader than nunc; but I am dis-
posed to believe that the officers of the Govern-
ment have in good faith executed the law. If
there have been frauds, and officers of the Govern-
ment have connived at them, it is our misfortune.
Mr. DAWES. What is the result of your in-
vestigations ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have seen the of-
ficial statement of which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] speaks. It showed
that there were so many men employed in the
Auny. We had every evidence that we could
have of the correctness of these returns. There
is first the sworn report of the officer who returns
a certain number of men. It shows that these
men exist, in fact, in the various regiments. If
the gentleman from Massachusetts can invent any
scheme to make men honest, he will succeed in
doing what very few men have done. If he will
furnish a scheme or invention to this Government
to pi event men A om swearing falsely, as these men
have done, if they have overstated the number m
service, he will do what all others have failed to do.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will suggest to my friend a
plan. It is tiny: that when the Congiess of the
United States i  called upon to appropriate thirty,
orfoity, oi fifty millions of dollars, in a single
bill, the officials asking it will furnish us with
some information pertaining to its expenditure.
1 think that that would contribute something to-
waid the faithfulness of the expenditure. The
Departments would see that they would be held to
a strict account for its expenditure. Sir, 1 am
quite tired and worn out in the investigation of
these matters. It is not enough for gentlemen to
get up here and say that if the law is faithfully
earned out, this will all work well. That is beg-
ging the question entirely. This is not a question of
law at all. It is a question of fact, which nobody
asking this appropriation deems it worth while to
give us any information about.
Mr. ODISLL. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
has the iloor.
Mr. DAWES. Nowaboutthis question of fact.
I do not see how anybody can have walked the
streets of Washington foi the last three months,
and failed to observe the fact that there were offi-
cers here whose regiments the Lord knew better
where they were than they did. They were here
looking after the pay-rolls. They were here see-
ing that if there were any particular appropria-
tions they should be the fn st in. I understand that
the men who get the fust drafts on the Treasury
are the men who do the least fighting in this war;
and I think itquite tune that theie was some effort,
at least, at refumation.
Mr. COVODE. Mr, Chairman 
Mr. DAWES. Now, I want my friend from
Pennsylvania, who has got on the floor, just to
tell me how much tune he has spent in investi-
gating the fact as to whether that beautiful table
which he has brought forward here, shows the
actual number of soldiers in the service; and if
so, what is the result of his investigation?
Mr. COVODE. I will try to do so.
Mr. DAWES. 1 understood my friend to say
that, so far as Pennsylvania, is concerned, the table
is strictly accurate. I do not doubt that.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Oh, nobody doubts
that, I suppose.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Chairman, I thought I
made myself understood 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I decline to yield,
except to the gentleman fiom New York, [Mr.
Odell.] *
Mr. COVODE. I say, sir 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call the member
from Pennsylvania to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will take his seat.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. He is entitled to
no courtesy from rac,
Mr. ODELL. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to have the letters from the Secretary of
War and the Paymaster General read, which will
give to the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
every other member of the House,all the inform-
ation required on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope the letters will be
read. I have asked two or three times for their
reading.
The letters were read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, D. C., Jlpril 16, 1862.
Sir: The jippiopriation at thy last session of Congress
for the payment ofvolunteer tioops enlisted into the service
of the United States, was based upon the estimate that
their number would not excecd five hundied thousand.
The numbe'i of volunteers in the service is believed to be
neaily seven hundied thousand. By icason of this inei eased
torcc, the whole appropriation ioi the payment of volun-
teer? will be exhausted by the 30th of this month, and pro-
vision should be made to meet the payments until the 30th
of June. Upon the report of the Pavmastei Geneia!,I lec-
ornmond that an appiopnation of $30,000,000 be made for
that purpose An additional appiopnation of §100,000 will
also be requned to cany into effect the act passed 25th of
March, lSb-2, to seem e pay, bounty, and pension4* to officers
and men actually employed m the western depaitment or
department ot Missoun.
I have the honor to be, veiv respectfully, vour obedient
servant, EDWIN M. STANTON,
Sea eta) y of War-
The Hon. Chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, House of Representatives.
Paymaster General's Opfice,
Washington City, D. C , Jlpiil 9, 1862.
Sin: I have the honor to lepoir that, o\viu<? to the great
number of troops under pay, beyond the number estimated
loi, (live bandied thousand men.) the appiopnation lorde-
ficiency in the pay department tor the eurient ear will be
exhausted alter making the p.ijrnents to the 30th of this
month. I have, theicfoie, the honoi to icqupst ihat a fur-
ther deficiency appiopnation lor this year mav be asked of
Congn'f-s. to the amount of .*30,000,000, lor the pay of the
two and tbiee jeru volunteer*-.
Very respectfully, voui obedient servant,
BENJAMIN P. LARNED,
Paymasfci Gciiaul United Stuta> Jlimy,
Hon. Enwirc M Stantox, Secretary of War.
Mr. MePHERSON. I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio to say that, under the legislation
of July, the Administration was only authorized
to employ live hundred thousand men. Tf the gen-
tleman will look at the acts of last session 1 think
he wiil find that he is in error on that point. In
the act of the 22d July the President was author-
ized to employ five hundred thousand men, and
by the subsequent act of 25th July he was author-
ized to employ an additional force of five hundred
thousand men.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That has never
been the interpretation which the House put upon
that bill.
Mr. MePHERSON. It is very clear what the
purpose of the legislation was.
MESSAGE FllOM THE SENATE.
Thecommitteeroseinformally; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chati, a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Forncy, us Secietary,
announcing that the Senate had passed an act (S.
No. 370) concerning the courts of the United
States, and for the District of Columbia, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union resumed its session, and continued the con-
sideration of the
ARMY DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Clerk continued to read the bill by sections
for amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to amend
the first section by increasing the appropriation
one dollar. I do so for the purpose of responding
to what fell from the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawls.] He insisted that we should
perambulate the country and find out whether the
